<doc id="20109977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20109977" title="Ray Farningham">
Ray Farningham

Ray Farningham (born 10 April 1961 in Dundee) is a Scottish former footballer who played as a midfielder for a handful of Scottish clubs. He is currently assistant manager of Dundee and has previously managed Forfar Athletic and Montrose.
Career.
Farningham trained as a youth with Dundee United before beginning his senior career with Forfar Athletic, making his debut towards the end of the 1970s. In his seven years at Station Park, Farningham was part of the sides which won the 1983–84 Scottish Second Division title and which earlier reached the 1981–82 Scottish Cup semi-final, losing to Rangers after a replay. Full-time football backoned for Farningham and he joined Motherwell for £12,000 in 1986. Farningham spent three years at Fir Park before a similar spell at East End Park with Dunfermline Athletic. In the early 1990s, Farningham joined Partick Thistle, again for three years, before returning to his hometown to join Dundee. Two years after signing, Farningham began to combine playing duties with coaching the youngsters at Dens Park, and at the end of his career, returned to first club Forfar on loan, scoring once during his temporary stay.
Following his retirement from playing, Farningham continued as a coach at Dundee, stepping up to coach the senior players before becoming assistant to Jim Duffy. In July 2001 and prior to Duffy's arrival, Farningham received a three-month dugout ban after his behaviour during an under-21 match two months previously. In September 2005, Farningham returned to Forfar as manager, taking over from Brian Fairley, who had resigned. Farningham won his first two matches and kept Forfar in the Second Division but left in May 2006 to become chief scout at divisional rivals Gretna, who had won the championship that season.
Farningham was made redundant in 2008 following Gretna's demise and was working on a building site before returning to Dundee in November 2008 as Jocky Scott's assistant.
Farningham was appointed interim manager of Montrose in March 2011, and given the post permanently in early April.
Farningham returned to Dundee as assistant manager in May 2012.
Honours.
Forfar.
Jay Farninghams uncle

</doc>
<doc id="20109979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20109979" title="Papyrus 73">
Papyrus 73

Papyrus 73 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), designated by formula_173, is a copy of the New Testament in Greek. It is a papyrus manuscript of the Gospel of Matthew. The surviving texts of Matthew are verses 25:43; 26:2-3. 
The manuscript paleographically has been assigned to the 7th century. 
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type, but text is too brief for certainty. Aland placed it in Category V. 
It is currently housed at the Bibliotheca Bodmeriana (L) in Cologny.

</doc>
<doc id="20110011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20110011" title="Kadriye">
Kadriye

Kadriye Umutcan Çetin.
Kadriye is a township with own municipality in Serik district in Turkey's Antalya Province. Kadriye is first Golf place in Turkey.
Kadriye history.
Municipality since 1994
Kadriye Geography.
Kadriye; distance to Serik 15 km, Distance to Antalya 30 km

</doc>
<doc id="20110015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20110015" title="Kochu Kochu Santhoshangal">
Kochu Kochu Santhoshangal

Kochu Kochu Santhoshangal () is a 2000 Malayalam film by Sathyan Anthikkad starring Jayaram and his son Kalidasan Jayaram. It won the National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Malayalam.
Plot.
Gopan (Jayaram) is living with his 6 year old son Ashok (Kalidasan Jayaram). His neighbor Celin (Kavya Madhavan) falls in love with him. But he reveals that Ashok's mom is alive and he narrates his story.
Asha Lakshmi (Lakshmi Gopalaswamy) is Ashok's mother. Gopan and Asha were in love before they got married. Asha is from a rich family but Gopan is just a videographer at a local studio. Asha, an admired classical dance artist prior to her marriage, left her career to lead a life with Gopan, becoming a simple housewife. Maya Varma (Bhanupriya), a famous classical dance artist, learns of Asha's talent and asks her to join her dance troupe. Asha's aspiring career starts to conflict with the peaceful life she had with Gopan and their child; this, fueled by tensions between Gopan and Asha's father, results in Gopan leaving with his son, Gopan thinks she has a change of heart after dancing with Maya Varma. After that he keeps his child away from Asha. He thinks she is in peace without a family. After he explains the story Celin understands his feelings and one day she brings Asha. She meets her Gopan and Ashok after many years. She also said that she had not even danced after her husband had left her. At last they both reunite and live together happily.
Awards.
National Film Awards

</doc>
<doc id="20110071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20110071" title="USS Verdin (AMS-38)">
USS Verdin (AMS-38)

USS "Verdin was a YMS-1 class minesweeper of the US Navy that served during World War II. Laid down as PCS-1439 on 5 September 1943 at Jacksonville, Florida, by the Gibbs Gas Engine Co.; redesignated YMS-471" on 27 September 1943; launched on 23 May 1944; and commissioned on 27 October 1944.
Service history.
World War II.
Following brief shakedown training, "YMS-471" proceeded to Charleston, South Carolina, and began escorting coastwise convoys and conducting minesweeping operations. That duty ended in April 1945 when she was transferred to the Pacific Fleet. After a long voyage which took her by way of the Panama Canal, San Diego, Pearl Harbor, Eniwetok, Guam, and Saipan, the minesweeper finally joined the 3rd Fleet off Okinawa in June. During the last week of the month, she and the other ships of Mine Squadron (MinRon) 105 swept mines from the Buckner Bay, Kerama Retto, and Unten Ko areas of the Ryukyus. In July, "YMS-471" ventured into the East China Sea for mine disposal operations.
Post-war.
At the time Japan capitulated, the minesweeper was undergoing repairs at San Pedro Bay, Leyte, Philippines. Soon thereafter, she headed north to begin the monumental job of clearing mines from waters around Japan for transports bringing American occupation forces and supporting shipping. She concentrated on sweeping the approaches to the island of Honshū and remained at the task from 8 September 1945 until 20 February 1946, when she began preparations for the voyage back to the United States. The minesweeper reached the west coast in April 1946 and returned home to Charleston in June to begin demobilization.
Though never actually decommissioned, she remained inactive at Charleston until early in 1947, when she embarked upon a refresher training cruise in the West Indies. She also participated in a fleet exercise held off Cuba. On 18 March 1947, near the conclusion of the exercise, "YMS-471" was renamed "Verdin" and was re-designated AMS-38. After a tour of duty at Yorktown, Virginia, serving as a training platform for the students of the Mine Warfare School, "Verdin" returned to Charleston in November where she remained until the following spring. In April 1948, she entered the Charleston Naval Shipyard for repairs and then put to sea once again for refresher training put of Norfolk, Virginia. In November, the minesweeper participated in cold weather fleet exercises off Newfoundland before returning to warmer waters.
This time, she reported to Panama City, Florida, for duty at the Navy's mine countermeasures research facility. For the next six years, "Verdin" alternated between mine warfare research duty at Panama City and mine warfare school ship operations at Yorktown. Periodic overhauls, mine and convoy exercises, and refresher training punctuated these two primary assignments. In November 1954, "Verdin" transferred back to Charleston where she became flagship for Mine Division 43. She spent her last eight active months there as an operational unit of the Mine Force. On 7 February 1955, she was redesignated MSC(O)-38. On 1 July 1955, she reported to Green Cove Springs, Florida, for inactivation. There, she went into reserve on 30 August 1955. A little over four years later, on 1 November 1959, her name was struck from the Navy List. No documents have been found giving details of her final disposition.

</doc>
<doc id="20110105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20110105" title="Auldbar Road railway station">
Auldbar Road railway station

Auldbar Road railway station was located near the town of Guthrie in the Scottish county of Angus.
History.
Opened by the Arbroath and Forfar Railway, and absorbed into the Caledonian Railway, it became part of the London, Midland and Scottish Railway during the Grouping of 1923. Passing on to the Scottish Region of British Railways on nationalisation in 1948, it was then closed by the British Transport Commission.
The site today.
Although the wooden buildings on the platforms have gone the platforms, and some other buildings such as the station house and signal box remain.

</doc>
<doc id="20110107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20110107" title="2008 Gulf Air Desert 400">
2008 Gulf Air Desert 400

The 2008 Gulf Air Desert 400 was the twelfth round of the 2008 V8 Supercar season. It was held on the weekend of the 6 to 8 November at the Bahrain International Circuit in Bahrain.
Qualifying.
Qualifying was held on Friday 7 November 2008.
Race 1.
Race 1 was held on Friday 7 November 2008. Whincup leapt away while a fierce dice erupted between Lowndes, Todd Kelly and Tander. A forceful move on the second lap saw Kelly muscle his way past Lowndes and Tander. Steven Johnson slipped into third behind Kelly as Tander and Lowndes were slow away from the hairpin. Further back in the pack a tangle saw Michael Patrizi and Mark Skaife spun backwards, also tangling with Michael Caruso, Jason Richards and Andrew Thompson, bringing out the safety car. Skaife, Richards and Patrizi had too much damage to continue.
At the restart Steven Johnson clawed into second briefly before dropping back behind Kelly again. Lowndes took third from Johnson. Lap 9 saw Whincup, Kelly, James Courtney and Russell Ingall to put of the front runners. The following lap saw Lowndes, Tander, Will Davison and Mark Winterbottom. A slow stop and exit saw Lowndes leap frog Kelly into second place. Tander moved into fourth ahead of Courtney while Davison pulled over at pit exit, overcome by fumes. Fabian Coulthard spun into the turn 4 sand trap after contact from Jason Bright, for which Bright later was given a drive-through penalty. The resultant safety car triggered Johnson's pitstop from the lead with Rick Kelly and Steven Richards also stopping.
At the restart Whincup, Lowndes and Todd Kelly leapt away while further back in the field on the second lap contact between Tander and Winterbottom saw Tander spun in front of the pack. Tander dropped to the tail of the field while Winterbottom was assigned a drive-through penalty. Coulthard stopped out on the track trying to limp a car home with a punctured front right tyre and Patrizi spun Jack Perkins around.
Paul Morris briefly held fourth on pit stop strategy but soon lost places to Lee Holdsworth, Courtney and team-mate Ingall. Todd Kelly was controversially given a drive-through penalty, taking away his, and the team's, best result of the season, for over-taking the safety car at its second deployment.
Team Vodafone continued on to claim a race 1-2, ahead of Holdsworth, Ingall, Courtney, Johnson, Shane Van Gisbergen, Steven Richards, Rick Kelly and Greg Murphy.
Race 2.
Race 2 was held on Saturday 8 November 2008. Whincup leap away with Ingall in pursuit ahead of battling pair Courtney and Lowndes with Johnson. Holdsworth overtook Van Gisbergen for sixth.
Paul Dumbrell spun on the second lap after contact with Michael Caruso. Local Bahraini guest driver Fahad Al Musalem stopped with a broken gearbox in the Team Kiwi Ford. Andrew Thompson spun and stopped at turn 1 after the right rear tyre delaminated, triggering a safety car.
At the restart Whincup led from Ingall, Lowndes, Courtney, Holdsworth, Richards, Johnson and Winterbottom. Richards pounced on Holdsworth at turn 1 while further Todd Kelly picked off a few cars including Garth Tander. Van Gisbergen was smoking at the front left corner tyre rubbing after contact Van Gisbergen lost control, hitting Jack Perkins and spinning Rick Kelly. Van Gisbergen later received a drive-through penalty.
A fierce dice between Courtney and Winterbottom saw the Ford Performance Racing driver move into fourth place on lap 23, the following lap Steven Richards got Courtney as well, with Holdsworth and Todd Kelly closing behind. The dice between those three became hard fought with Courtney suffering for tyre grip but still plenty of power with Will Davison joining the fight by lap 26.
Whincup raced on to win from Ingall, Lowndes, Winterbottom, Richards, Todd Kelly, Courtney, Johnson, Morris and Davison.
Race 3.
Race 3 was held on Saturday 8 November 2008. Russell Ingall led from the start, fighting with Jamie Whincup for the lead with Lowndes and Winterbottom fighting for third. 
Third lap into the first corner and Steven Johnson ran into the back of Todd Kelly, spinning the Jack Daniels Commodore. Will Davison ran into his team-mate Johnson. Jason Bright and Mark Skaife made contact with Skaife then hitting his teammate Garth Tander. Skaife was out on the spot with Tander pitting for a new right rear tyre.
At the restart Ingall again overtook Whincup. Whincup later retook the lead prior to the beginning of the cumpolsory pitstops.
During the stops Craig Lowndes was able to get the better of Mark Winterbottom for what would become third position. Safety was called for Todd Kelly's expired Commodore, the car stopped on the circuit
Rick Kelly and Cameron McConville made contact and spun while the bunched field at the restart allowed James Courtney to pass Winterbottom, then move into third by taking advantage of a slow-out-of-the-corner Russell Ingall who had just lost second to Lowndes. On lap 25 Courtney pounced on Lowndes and brakes for second. Lap 28 saw Winterbottom take fourth from Ingall.
Whincup pulled clear of Courtney who by race end had to defend from Lowndes. The result saw the first ever 1-2 finish for Team Vodafone. Fifth spot behind Winterbottom was enough for Russell Ingall to claim third for the round, the best Holden driver for the weekend.
Standings.
After round 12 of 14.
Support categories.
The 2008 Desert 400 of the V8 Supercar Championship had three support categories.

</doc>
<doc id="20110108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20110108" title="Vyacheslav Geraschenko">
Vyacheslav Geraschenko

International career.
Geraschenko made 19 appearances for the Belarus national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="20110109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20110109" title="Shin-Ōmura Station">
Shin-Ōmura Station

Lines.
Shin-Ōmura Station will be served by the Kyushu Shinkansen.

</doc>
<doc id="20110157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20110157" title="1998 Madrid motorcycle Grand Prix">
1998 Madrid motorcycle Grand Prix

The 1998 Madrid motorcycle Grand Prix was the sixth round of the 1998 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season. It took place on 14 June 1998 at the Circuito Permanente del Jarama.

</doc>
<doc id="20110162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20110162" title="Revolution (cycling series)">
Revolution (cycling series)

Revolution is a series of track cycling events primarily held at the Manchester Velodrome in the north west of England. It was solely held in Manchester between 2003 and 2012. From Season 10 (2012-2013) meetings have been held additionally at the new UK velodromes; in the Sir Chris Hoy Velodrome, Glasgow and, from Season 11 (2013-2014), the Olympic Velodrome, London.
The series comprises four or five meetings each year, held between October and February, on Saturday evenings. The series showcases various top cyclists, both British and other international riders, regularly attracting a large number of spectators. The recent success of the British team, including Chris Hoy's triple Gold at the 2008 Summer Olympics and double Gold winning performance at the 2012 Summer Olympics has meant that the events now regularly sell out in advance.
Concept.
The series was founded in 2003, with the main aim of providing regular track cycling events for fans to attend in Manchester. Previously, track cycling fans were generally only able to attend one international event in Manchester each year, usually a round of the UCI Track Cycling World Cup Classics series, or as in 2000, the UCI Track Cycling World Championships. The only other events held regularly at the velodrome were events such as the British National Track Championships, which have a lower profile and therefore attracted smaller crowds.
An organisation management company, Face Partnership, was brought in to attempt to create a series providing regular top level events at the velodrome. The aim was to provide racing for existing fans and attract new fans to the sport, raising its profile as a sport in United Kingdom. It was decided that the series would consist of four events throughout the season. Admission costs were fixed at an affordable level, originally £8 for an adult ticket, in order to enable families to attend. Family tickets were available for around £20, making the Revolution a considerably more affordable event to attend in comparison to other sports, such as football.
The first event was held in October 2003 and was attended by a good sized crowd. The event featured big British names like Bradley Wiggins, Rob Hayles, Chris Newton and David Millar. The event continued to grow in stature and profile from this solid start, exceeding expected attendance targets along the way. Revolution 7 in early 2005 saw the series achieve its first near capacity crowd, the start of the event had to be delayed to allow the crowds into the venue. Revolution 14 was the series' first complete sell out, with some ticketless fans turned away. From early 2008 onwards the events began to sell out in advance.
The Revolution is also expanding into a global series, CotterPin has licensed the concept in Australia. The first Revolution Australia event was held in the Darebin International Sports Centre, Melbourne on 24 November 2007. There were over 3,000 spectators present at Australia's Revolution 1.
In July 2008, the Aftermarket company signed a deal with Face Partnership to create an expo area in the track centre at each event. This takes advantage of the captive audience and precise target consumers present at each Revolution.
Each Revolution meeting consists of a fast paced, packed programme of races. The evening lasts for between 3 hours and 3 hours 45 minutes and typically involves around twenty events. Each event has three categories of racing including sprint and endurance, and the "Future Stars" series. Live PA duties at the events are carried out by the BBC commentator and cyclist, Hugh Porter.
In 2011-12, ITV4 broadcast a one-hour highlights show on Monday evenings following each Revolution meeting.
Competitions.
Sprint racing.
Each meeting features a main Revolution Sprint competition, alongside other various events including the Keirin and Team sprint. The sprint competition is usually a straight knock out event, typically with a first round, semifinal and final. For some events a sprint ominium has taken place, with all riders facing each other at some point during the evening and the most successful winning overall. A male sprinting competition usually takes place at each event, with Women's sprinting generally appearing for one event each year also.
The events featured alongside the main sprint competition are tailored to the card of sprinters appearing and has included various challenges and revenge matches over the years. They regularly attract major British names and a host of international challenges. The list of World and Olympic Champions to have appeared include Chris Hoy, Theo Bos, Arnaud Tournant, Jason Kenny, Victoria Pendleton, Jamie Staff, Jens Fiedler, Grégory Baugé, Ross Edgar, Craig MacLean, Jason Queally, René Wolff, Jan van Eijden, Florian Rousseau, Stefan Nimke, Maximilian Levy, Teun Mulder, Robert Förstemann, Mickaël Bourgain, Willy Kanis, Christina Muche and Clara Sanchez.
Endurance racing.
Every Revolution event has included elite endurance field of riders, racing over a number of events throughout the night. Events featured include the points race, scratch race, Madison, individual pursuit, team pursuit, motor-paced scratch race and devil elimination scratch race. Typically the blue ribbon Madison feature race takes place once a year and is named the Isaac Galvez Memorial Madison. This is in memory of the Spanish rider who died during the Ghent Six Day meeting in 2006 while he was World Madison Champion. This was one week before he was due to appear at Revolution 15.
The endurance racing attracts both major track riders and stars of the road, throwing up a number of unique contests over the years. The list of major names (on the track or the road) to have appeared include Bradley Wiggins, Mark Cavendish, Geraint Thomas, Ed Clancy, Joan Llaneras, Paul Manning, Bradley McGee, Chris Newton, Rob Hayles, Sergi Escobar, Steve Cummings, Stuart O'Grady, Iljo Keisse, Matthew Gilmore, Franco Marvulli, Bruno Risi, David Millar, Peter Schep, Robert Slippens, Nicole Cooke, Rebecca Romero and Graeme Obree.
Feature and exclusive races.
As well including the major events from the World Championships and Olympics, the Revolution series also tries to feature some unique and exclusive races at its events. The Madison 1 km time trial is one such exclusive event. This event is a major crowd pleaser and takes place at each event. This is run over 1 km, four laps of the track, and consists of two riders running two laps each. After the first rider has completed their laps they do a Madison hand sling with their partner and they then complete the final two laps. While this by nature is an endurance riders event, its one kilometre distance has also meant that sprinters have also tasted success.
An early record for this event was set by Mark Cavendish and Ed Clancy at 58.5 Seconds at Revolution 7 in January 2005. This record stood until sprinters Craig MacLean and Arnaud Tournant, set a new record of 55.1 seconds at Revolution 16 in January 2007. This was then further bettered when Tournant teamed up with Chris Hoy at Revolution 20 in February 2008. Tournant had a shoulder injury which prevented the duo doing a proper hand sling change over, however they still posted a record time of 54.4 seconds. This record still stands today, despite Ed Clancy and Steven Burke going very close with a time of 54.5 at Revolution 22 in December 2008.
A new challenge event added to the programme in 2008 was the sprinters v pursuiters challenge. The first of these races took place at Revolution 21. This saw members of the GB Team sprint squad, Jamie Staff, Jason Kenny and Ross Edgar, face off against members of the GB team pursuit squad, Ed Clancy, Geraint Thomas and Steven Burke. The race took place over three laps with a flying start, so very much was a mix between the sprint and endurance disciplines. Due to the three lap length of the race, the same as the Team Sprint event, it was expected by its nature to favour the sprint squad. However it was noted that the endurance squad regularly carry out similar short drills during training, so the playing field was quite level going into the event. The endurance squad were able to turn the flying start to their advantage and took a clean victory over the sprinters.
A rematch took place at Revolution 22, with the race extended to four laps with a standing start on this occasion. Matthew Crampton joined the sprint squad and Rob Hayles joined the endurance squad. The fast start of Jamie Staff allowed the sprint squad to take revenge and level the series. It is expected that this unique challenge event may return at future events.
Other special events have included the Geoff Thomas Charity Challenge Race at Revolution 20. This involved Geoff captaining a team of riders against England Rugby World Cup winning Captain, now England coach, the 6 ft 7 inches tall Martin Johnson. This was a 5 lap team sprint style challenge race, with each team including star riders like Chris Hoy, Victoria Pendleton, Arnaud Tournant and Peter Schep. The teams were drawn at the start of the evening, equally sharing out the riders. Team Thomas won by 0.1 seconds and raised a good sum of money for the Geoff Thomas Charity Foundation.
Women's omnium.
The second round of the 2012-2013 Revolution series (round 38 in Manchester) included a women's omnium event. The Dutch Marianne Vos won, including the elimination race, this omnium event ahead of the British Lizzie Armitstead. Ellen van Dijk from the Netherlands won the points race, Katie Colclough the scratch race and the British team the team pursuit.
Future Stars series.
Alongside the senior racing, the Future Stars competition also runs at each Revolution event. This series involves young riders, usually 14-16 year old's and provides them to race in front of big crowds from an early age. They are put through a number of sprint and endurance races. Points are scored in each race and count towards the overall leader board. The winner is crowned at the end of the four meeting series.
Some youngsters of these series became later elite athletes. Including Jason Kenny, who by the age of 24 already three gold Olympic medals and one silver. Another multiple Olympic Champion is Laura Trott, who won two gold medals at London 2012 at the age of 20 years old. Other Olympic medalists include Steven Burke (one gold and one bronze), Peter Kennaugh (one gold), Dani King (one gold) and Lizzie Armitstead (one silver). The London 2012 Olympic squad included a large numbers of riders to have come through the series.

</doc>
<doc id="20110174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20110174" title="Ponerorchis">
Ponerorchis

Ponerorchis is a small genus of Asian terrestrial tuberous orchids included in the orchid family Orchidaceae. 
It has been suggested that "Ponerorchis" should be broadened to include Chusua, and that "Hemipilia" should include single `orphan' species of "Ponerorchis" and "Habenaria" 
They can be found in evergreen forests and meadows in temperate, mountainous regions from the Himalayas to Siberia and Japan. They are closely related to the genus "Orchis" to which, in the past, they were thought to belong. The genus is distinguished from "Orchis" by having in the column two bursicles (pouchlike receptacles) enclosing the pollinia, instead of one. It shares with "Orchis" its spherical, ellipsoid or oblong tubers. The species "Ponerorchis chidorii", endemic to Japan, is also known to grow epiphytically.
In horticultural trade this genus is abbreviated as Pnr. These orchids, a wide variety of mostly cultivars of "Ponerorchis graminifolia", are rarely grown outside Japan..

</doc>
<doc id="20110182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20110182" title="Accession Declaration Act 1910">
Accession Declaration Act 1910

The Accession Declaration Act 1910 is an Act which was passed by the Parliament of the United Kingdom to change the form of the declaration that the Sovereign is required to make at his or her accession to the throne. The Declaration is made at the opening of the first parliament of the new monarch's reign, and in it he or she solemnly declares him- or herself to be faithful to the Protestant faith. The altered declaration is as follows:
"I insert the name of the Sovereign do solemnly and sincerely in the presence of God profess, testify, and declare that I am a faithful Protestant, and that I will, according to the true intent of the enactments which secure the Protestant succession to the Throne of my Realm, uphold and maintain the said enactments to the best of my powers according to law."
Prior to the Act, the form of the declaration was set down by the Bill of Rights 1689 and the Act of Settlement 1701:
I, A. B., by the grace of God King (or Queen) of England, Scotland and Ireland, Defender of the Faith, do solemnly and sincerely in the presence of God, profess, testify, and declare, that I do believe that in the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper there is not any Transubstantiation of the elements of bread and wine into the Body and Blood of Christ at or after the consecration thereof by any person whatsoever: and that the invocation or adoration of the Virgin Mary or any other Saint, and the Sacrifice of the Mass, as they are now used in the Church of Rome, are superstitious and idolatrous. And I do solemnly in the presence of God profess, testify, and declare that I do make this declaration, and every part thereof, in the plain and ordinary sense of the words read unto me, as they are commonly understood by English Protestants, without any such dispensation from any person or authority or person whatsoever, or without thinking that I am or can be acquitted before God or man, or absolved of this declaration or any part thereof, although the Pope, or any other person or persons, or power whatsoever, should dispense with or annul the same or declare that it was null and void from the beginning".
King Edward VII was unhappy at the wording and wished to have it changed before the next succession. When he died in 1910, his successor, George V, made it known that he would refuse to open parliament as long as he was obliged to make the declaration in its current form. Prime Minister H. H. Asquith was in agreement with the king, and the Act was passed through parliament before the new king was required to open the new parliament.

</doc>
<doc id="20110184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20110184" title="1998 Dutch TT">
1998 Dutch TT

The 1998 Dutch TT was the seventh round of the 1998 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season. It took place on 27 June 1998 at the TT Circuit Assen located in Assen, Netherlands.

</doc>
<doc id="20110191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20110191" title="Simla Accord (1914)">
Simla Accord (1914)

The Simla Accord, or the Convention Between Great Britain, China, and Tibet, Simla, is a treaty concerning the status of Tibet negotiated by representatives of the Republic of China, Tibet and Britain in Simla in 1913 and 1914.
The Accord provided that Tibet would be divided into "Outer Tibet" and "Inner Tibet". Outer Tibet, which roughly corresponded to Ü-Tsang and western Kham would "remain in the hands of the Tibetan Government at Lhasa under Chinese suzerainty, but China would not interfere in its administration. "Inner Tibet", roughly, equivalent to Amdo and eastern Kham, would be under the jurisdiction of the Chinese government. The Accord with its annexes also defines the boundary between Tibet and China proper and between Tibet and British India (the latter became known as the McMahon Line). The latter boundary was later referred to as the McMahon Line.
China rejected the Accord and their plenipotentiary, Ivan Chen, withdrew on 3 July 1914. The British and Tibetan plenipotentiaries then attached a note denying China any privileges under the Accord and sealed it as a bilateral agreement the same day.
McMahon's work was initially rejected by the British government as incompatible with the 1907 Anglo-Russian Convention. This convention was renounced in 1921. The British began using the McMahon Line on Survey of India maps in 1937, and the Simla Accord was published officially in 1938.
Background.
Early British efforts to create a boundary for north-east India were triggered by their discovery in the mid-19th century that Tawang, an important trading town, was Tibetan territory. Britain had concluded treaties with Qing China concerning Tibet's boundaries with Burma and Sikkim. However, Tibet refused to recognise the boundaries drawn by these treaties. British forces led by Sir Francis Younghusband entered Tibet in 1904 and made a treaty with the Tibetans. In 1907, Britain and Russia acknowledged Chinese "suzerainty" over Tibet.
British interest in the borderlands was renewed when the Qing government sent military forces to establish a Chinese administration in Tibet (1910–12). A British military expedition was sent into what is now Arunachal Pradesh and the North-East Frontier Agency was created to administer the area (1912). In 1912–13, this agency reached agreements with the tribal leaders who ruled the bulk of the region. After the fall of the Qing dynasty in China, Tibet government at Lhasa expelled all Chinese forces and declared itself independent (1913), however, this was not accepted by the newly founded Republic of China.
Conference.
In 1913, the British convoked a conference at Simla, India to discuss the issue of Tibet's status. The conference was attended by representatives of the British Empire, the newly founded Republic of China, and the Tibetan government at Lhasa. The British plenipotentiary, Sir Henry McMahon, introduced the plan of dividing Tibetan-inhabited areas into "inner Tibet" and "outer Tibet" and apply different policies. "Inner Tibet," includes Tibetan-inhabited areas in Qinghai, Gansu, Sichuan and Yunnan provinces, would be under the jurisdiction of the Chinese government. "Outer Tibet," covering approximately the same area as the modern "Tibet Autonomous Region" would enjoy autonomy. A boundary between Tibet and British India, later called the McMahon Line, was drawn on a map referred to in the treaty.
The Tibetan Indian boundary was negotiated in Simla between representatives from British and Tibet, in the presence of the Chinese representative. During the Simla conference a map of the Tibetan Indian border was provided as an annexe to the proposed agreement.
The contained further notes. For example, it was to be understood that "Tibet forms part of Chinese territory" and after the Tibetans selected a Dalai Lama, the Chinese government was to be notified and the Chinese commissioner in Lhasa would "formally communicate to His Holiness the titles consistent with his dignity, which have been conferred by the Chinese Government"; that the Tibetan government appointed all officers for "Outer Tibet", and that "Outer Tibet" was not to be represented in the Chinese Parliament or any such assembly.
Negotiations failed when China and Tibet could not agree over the Sino-Tibetan boundary. After the Chinese plenipotentiary, Ivan Chen, withdrew from the convention, the British and Tibetan plenipotentiaries attached a note denying China any privileges under the agreement and signed it as a bilateral Accord. At the same time the British and Lochen Shatra signed a fresh set of trade Regulations to replace those of 1908.
Aftermath.
Simla was initially rejected by the Government of India as incompatible with the 1907 Anglo-Russian Convention. The official treaty record, C.U. Aitchison's "A Collection of Treaties", was published with a note stating that no binding agreement had been reached at Simla. The Anglo-Russian Convention was renounced by Russia and Britain jointly in 1921, but the McMahon Line was forgotten until 1935, when interest was revived by civil service officer Olaf Caroe. The Survey of India published a map showing the McMahon Line as the official boundary in 1937. In 1938, the British published the Simla Convention in Aitchison's "Treaties". A volume published earlier was recalled from libraries and replaced with a volume that includes the Simla Convention together with an editor's note stating that Tibet and Britain, but not China, accepted the agreement as binding. The replacement volume has a false 1929 publication date.
In April 1938, a small British force led by Captain GS Lightfoot arrived in Tawang and informed the monastery the district was now Indian territory. The Tibetan government protested and its authority was restored after Lightfoot's brief stay. The district remained in Tibetan hands until 1951.
In the late 1950s, the McMahon Line became a source of tension between China and India. China contends that Tibet was never an independent state and so it could not sign a treaty on behalf of China to delineate an international frontier. China and India fought the Sino-Indian War in 1962, which nevertheless preserved the status quo ante bellum. Years later, the area, then known as the North-East Frontier Agency, gained Indian statehood as Arunachal Pradesh.
2008 British policy change.
Until 2008 the British Government's position remained the same that China held suzerainty over Tibet but not full sovereignty. It was the only state still to hold this view. David Miliband, the British Foreign Secretary, described the old position as an anachronism originating in the geopolitics of the early 20th century. Britain revised this view on 29 October 2008, when it recognised Chinese sovereignty over Tibet by issuing a statement on its website."The Economist" stated that although the British Foreign Office's website does not use the word sovereignty, officials at the Foreign Office said "it means that, as far as Britain is concerned, 'Tibet is part of China. Full stop.'"
The British Government sees their new stances as an updating of their position, while some others have viewed it as a major shift in the British position. Tibetologist Robert Barnett thinks that the decision has wider implications. India's claim to a part of its north-east territories, for example, is largely based on the same agreements – notes exchanged during the Simla convention of 1914, which set the boundary between India and Tibet – that the British appear to have just discarded. It has been speculated that Britain's shift was made in exchange for China making greater contributions to the International Monetary Fund.

</doc>
<doc id="20110197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20110197" title="1998 British motorcycle Grand Prix">
1998 British motorcycle Grand Prix

The 1998 British motorcycle Grand Prix was the eighth round of the 1998 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season. It took place on 5 July 1998 at Donington Park.

</doc>
<doc id="20110218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20110218" title="Alexander (Sandro) Antadze">
Alexander (Sandro) Antadze

Alexander (Sandro) Antadze was born in 1972 on May 5 in Tbilisi, Georgia. In 1996 he graduated from Tbilisi State Academy of Arts. He is an artist and an architect.
Personal Exhibitions.
Alexander Antadze's works are in private collections in: Georgia, Great Britain, USA, France, Switzerland and other countries.

</doc>
<doc id="20110239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20110239" title="1998 German motorcycle Grand Prix">
1998 German motorcycle Grand Prix

The 1998 German motorcycle Grand Prix was the ninth round of the 1998 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season. It took place on 19 July 1998 at the Sachsenring.

</doc>
<doc id="20110256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20110256" title="Magic Towne House">
Magic Towne House

The Magic Towne House was a well known magic show spot on three floors at 1026 Third Avenue, north of 60th Street, New York City, in the 1970s and 1980s. It was in the posh area of the Upper East Side of Manhattan on Third Avenue and 61st Street next to Bloomingdale's Department Store. It was a venue for adults in the cabaret as well as having a children's theater for patrons of all ages to see and enjoy magic.
Importance.
The Magic Towne House became a popular magic show spot in New York City, with the longest continuously running magic shows in New York City's history. For fifteen years it showcased both new and established magicians to the general public.
Operation.
It was headed up by world class magicians Dorothy Dietrich and John Bravo" (AKA Dick Brooks (entertainer) and Ray Carter)."
According to William Dorfliinger's book "The Magic Catalogue": 
John Bravo (AKA Dick Brooks (entertainer) and Ray Carter) and Dorothy Dietrich were "involved in the management and direction of all its activities.
Incubator for young magicians.
One of the goals of the establishment was to develop future generations of magicians. Originally opened by Eddie Davis, it was taken over by two professional performers, Dick Brooks (entertainer) and Dorothy Dietrich. They encouraged new and unknown performers by allowing them to perform after the main acts had gone on. Some of the magicians who got their early start at The Magic Towne House includes Robert Baxt, Michael Chaut, Devlin, Eric DeCamps, Imam, Jeff Justice, Peter Kougasian, Landis & Company, Levent, Jeff McBride, Charlie Mount, Otto and George, Johnny Ace Palmer, Joeseph Pepitone, Joe Raven, David Regal, Rocco Silano, Peter Samelson, and Meir Yedid. Along with these great entertainers behind the scenes was Pedro Flores who at the time a High School student in New York, helped with children's parties and other events serving the buffet items and setting up and cleaning afterward. He was a student of Dick Brooks when Brooks taught at the Frank Garcia's School of Magic in New York City. He was from time to time a performer as well.
Venue for established magicians.
Established performers of the era also performed there such as Bobby Baxter, Harry Blackstone, Jr., Milbourne Christopher, Daryl, Fantasio, Frank Garcia, Walter B. Gibson, Earl Presto Johnson, Lou Lancaster, Jack London, Bill McQueen, Max Mavin (Phil Goldstein), Ben Robinson, James Randi, Wesley James, David Roth, Darwin Ortiz George Schindler, Slydini and countless others. Imam would, after several years, break away and form his own competing club downtown in Greenwich Village.
Legacy.
Opening a magic show venue in New York City had been a dream of many famous magicians, such as Houdini, Thurston and Doug Henning. This was finally accomplished with the efforts of Eddie Davis, Dorothy Dietrich and Dick Brooks (entertainer) and the help of many who worked this venue. Dick Brooks also searched out Brother Theodore, whose career had waned, to do several seasons of midnight shows, and helped to bring him back to prominence. After that Theodore appeared on The Tom Snyder Tomorrow Show and a long series of TV and movie appearances. Magic Towne House advertisements appeared in local New York newspapers such as the Village Voice and The New York Post.
After the closing of the Magic Towne House, Michael Chaut and Peter Samelson went on to develop "Monday Night Magic" along with Frank Brents, Todd Robbins, and Jamy Ian Swiss, which still runs successfully in New York City.

</doc>
<doc id="20110276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20110276" title="Prize of the Ecumenical Jury">
Prize of the Ecumenical Jury

The Prize of the Ecumenical Jury () is an independent film award for feature films at the Cannes Film Festival since 1974. The Ecumenical Jury () is one of three juries at the Cannes Film Festival, along with the official jury and the FIPRESCI jury. The award was created by Christian film makers, film critics and other film professionals. The objective of the award is to "honour works of artistic quality which witnesses to the power of film to reveal the mysterious depths of human beings through what concerns them, their hurts and failings as well as their hopes." The ecumenical jury is composed of 6 members, who are nominated by SIGNIS for the Catholics and Interfilm for the Protestants. SIGNIS and Interfilm also appoint ecumenical juries at other film festivals, including the Berlin International Film Festival, the Locarno International Film Festival, the Montreal World Film Festival and the Karlovy Vary International Film Festival.
Prize Winners.
Since 1974, films from diverse countries have won the Prize of the Ecumenical Jury at the Cannes Film Festival. Most films having won the award are from European countries, with Italy, Germany and Poland dominating. Samira Makhmalbaf is the only woman who has won the award and, until Asghar Farhadi won the prize in 2013, she and her father Mohsen Makhmalbaf were the only winning directors from a predominantly Muslim country. Other countries that are not predominantly Christian that have won the award are Japan and the People's Republic of China. At the 2009 Cannes Film Festival the ecumenical jury gave its first anti-award to Lars von Trier's film "Antichrist".

</doc>
<doc id="20110282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20110282" title="1998 Czech Republic motorcycle Grand Prix">
1998 Czech Republic motorcycle Grand Prix

The 1998 Czech Republic motorcycle Grand Prix was the tenth round of the 1998 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season. It took place on 23 August 1998 at the Masaryk Circuit located in Brno, Czech Republic.

</doc>
<doc id="20110285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20110285" title="List of German companies by employees in 1907">
List of German companies by employees in 1907

This is a list of German companies by employees in 1907. The largest 127 companies of the German Empire in 1907 accounted for 7.8 percent of all employees in the German Empire; excluding railways and state-owned enterprises the share was only 3.6 percent. This compares to corresponding percentage shares of 8.2 respectively 4.6 for the United Kingdom at the same time. The largest German companies were predominantly in the heavy industries (mining, coal, iron, iron ore, steel and metals), accounting for 38.7 percent of all employees and the transport and communication sector (railways, postal service, shipping), accounting for 45.4 percent of all employees. State-owned enterprises such as the state railways companies, the postal administration, the Prussian state mines, military workshops and the Imperial shipyards are dominant among the very largest companies.
Companies by employees.
The list is based on Wardley (1999), who compiled data from three different sources: the work of Kocka and Siegrist (1979) and Fiedler (1999) on German companies in 1907, and the work of Kunz (1990) on Prussian state-owned enterprises in 1913. Given the shortage of historical employment data some employment numbers are only estimates and some companies might be missing from this list. Employment numbers are including all subsidiaries as long as the parent company is the majority shareholder, that is, holds more than 50 percent of the stock. Employee numbers are not including those employed in foreign subsidiaries. The only two companies in 1907 with large foreign subsidiaries were Siemens with 19.9 percent of the workforce employed abroad (8,542 employees) and Mannesmann with 34 percent of the workforce employed abroad (2,680 employees). With the de Wendel'sche Berg-und Hüttenwerke the list also includes the German subsidiary of the French de Wendel group. Originally this establishment was located in France, but became part of the German empire with the annexation of Alsace-Lorraine in 1871.

</doc>
<doc id="20110288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20110288" title="Chemische Fabrik Kalk">
Chemische Fabrik Kalk

Chemische Fabrik Kalk (CFK) (lit. Chemical Factory Kalk) was a German chemicals company based in Kalk, a city district of Cologne. The company was founded in 1858 as "Chemische Fabrik Vorster & Grüneberg, Cöln" by Julius Vorster and Hermann Julius Grüneberg and was renamed to Chemische Fabrik Kalk GmbH in 1892. At times the company was the second-largest German producer of soda ash and was, with almost 2400 employees, one of the largest employers in Cologne. For decades the chimneys and the water tower of the factory dominated the skyline of Cologne-Kalk.
In 1960 the company was acquired by the Salzdetfurth AG, which was later renamed into Kali und Salz (nowadays K+S) and became a subsidiary of BASF. All production facilities of the former "Chemische Fabrik Kalk" were closed in 1993, and the name "Chemische Fabrik Kalk" since then exists only as the name of a wholesale subsidiary of K+S. The factory was demolished and after the decontamination of the premises the new Cologne police departments headquarters and the Köln Arcaden shopping mall were built on the former factory premises.
History.
Chemiewerk Vorster & Grüneberg (1858–1891).
On November 1, 1858 the merchant Julius Vorster and the chemist and pharmacist Hermann Julius Grüneberg, who was a doctoral student at that time, founded the "Chemische Fabrik Vorster & Grüneberg, Cöln". Vorster, who had owned a chemical factory before, contributed 15,000 Thaler and Grüneberg contributed 5,000 Thaler. As a location for the new factory they chose what was then the small village of Kalk (incorporated into Cologne in 1910) on the right bank of the Rhine. After purchasing the premises of the former iron foundry "Biber & Berger" construction began and three months later, in February 1859 production started. The factory produced potassium nitrate and as a byproduct sodium carbonate (also known as soda ash). Potassium nitrate was used in food preservation and in the production of black powder. The potassium nitrate was produced from Russian potash and nitratine. From 1859 to 1864 production of potassium nitrate increased from to . In the first year the factory employed ten workers.
As the new company flourished several adjacent lots were purchased in 1860 to expand the production facilities and to maintain the regional market leadership in potassium nitrate. With prices for Russian potash increasing, the factory began to use a by-product of the sugar production from sugar beet. In 1860 the factory also began to produce sodium chloride, which was crystallized from rock salt.
To secure a supply of rock salt the factory founders Vorster and Grüneberg acquired an salt mine in Staßfurt near Magdeburg. The area was known for its deposits of a double salt, a compound of potassium chloride and magnesium chloride named carnallite after its discoverer, the Prussian mining engineer Rudolf von Carnall. The new salt mine Vorster & Grüneberg was rich in deposits of carnallite. Grüneberg developed a new chemical process to produce potassium chloride from carnallite. Initially the carnallite was transported from Staßfurt to Kalk where it was dissolved in a current of stream and after cooling down the carnallite crystallized to obtain potassium chloride. To reduce transport costs the two founders decided to build two potassium chloride factories in Staßfurt and Leopoldshall where they had acquired a second salt mine.
In 1860 Grüneberg finished his doctoral studies and received a Ph.D. from the University of Leipzig. His research was in the field of agricultural chemistry, in particular mineral fertilizers. In 1864 the factory began the production of the fertilizer superphosphate, produced from phosphorite from a newly acquired mine in Nassau an der Lahn. One year later the production of the fertilizer ammonium sulfate begins. In 1866 the factory begins to use the Leblanc process to produce potassium carbonate from sodium chloride. During the Centennial Exposition in Philadelphia in 1876, the company was awarded a gold medal "for having first manufactured Potash and Potash salts, according to Leblanc's process, on a manufacturing scale , and for the purity of the products exhibited".
The company continued to expand, with a factory producing ammonium sulfate opening in 1865 in Raderberg near Cologne (incorporated into Cologne in 1888). This factory produced the ammonium sulfate from ammonia and sulfuric acid, the latter a waste product of the production of town gas. As the new factory was highly profitable, Vorster & Grüneberg opened new ammonium sulfate factories in Nippes, Cologne (incorporated into Cologne in 1888), Düsseldorf, Essen, Dortmund, Hamburg, Leipzig and Saint Petersburg and an ammonium chloride factory in Moscow.
In 1867 the company incurred financial losses from a bad investment in the United Kingdom and declining demand for its products. In the same year Julius Vorster Jr., the son of the founder Julius Vorster, became involved in the management of the company. On his recommendation the company began to produce magnesium sulfate in order to reduce the losses. Magnesium sulfate was primarily intended for the export to the United Kingdom, where it was used as a drying agent in the textile industry. The new product and an improving market for potassium nitrate helped the company to overcome the financial crisis in 1870. In 1871 the potassium chloride factory in Staßfurt was closed. On October 1, 1875 the second son of Vorster, the chemist Fritz Vorster joined the company as technical director. After the death of the founder Julius Vorster on October 10, 1876, the new owners converted the company into a limited partnership ("Kommanditgesellschaft").
In 1878 Carl Scheibler became the head of the fertilizer department. Scheibler introduced an inexpensive fertilizer known as Thomas phospate. This fertilizer was based on Thomas slag, named after Sidney Gilchrist Thomas. This new, inexpensive fertilizer allowed even poor farmers to fertilize their fields. At the same time municipalities began to use the waste products of the production of town gas for themselves or were selling them for profits, forcing Vorster & Grüneberg to gradually close their ammonium sulfate factories at other locations over the next fifteen years. In contrast, the factory in Kalk continued its expansion with new production facilities for sulfuric acid and nitric acid opening in 1881. In 1885 Carl Scheibler founded his own company, "Düngerfabrik C. Scheibler & Co", with the participation of the owners of "Vorster & Grüneberg". This company produced Thomas phospate and other fertilizers in domestic and international production facilities.
Chemische Fabrik Kalk GmbH (1892–1945).
On May 24, 1892 the "Vorster & Grüneberg Kommanditgesellschaft" was renamed into "Chemische Fabrik Kalk GmbH" (CFK) and converted into a company with limited liability (GmbH). It was one of the first limited liabilities companies in the German Empire as the law on companies with limited liabilities was adopted only one month earlier. On June 7, 1894 the last surviving founder Hermann Julius Grüneberg dies. His son Richard Grüneberg succeeds him and joins the management board of the company. After 1900 the production of potassium carbonate ceased due to competitive pressure. Instead, the company began to produce sodium carbonate using the Solvay process. In 1902 the "Düngerfabrik C. Scheibler & Co." was incorporated, and a year later the last remaining factory in the Staßburg region, the potassium chloride factory in Leopolshall was sold. To guarantee the water supply in the main factory in Kalk a water tower with an integrted chimney and a height of was built. This water tower should dominate the skyline of Kalk for the next one hundred years.
At the fiftieth anniversary of the founding of the company on November 1, 1908 the "Chemische Fabrik Kalk" produced the following chemicals: ammonium hydroxide, ammonium chloride, ammonia, sodium hydroxide, sodium sulfate, nitric acid, hydrochloric acid, sulfuric acid, sodium carbonate and various fertilizers. Apart from the main factory in Kalk the company operated an ammonia factory in Cologne-Nippes and fertilizer factories in Cologne-Ehrenfeld and Euskirchen. The company was also one of the owners of the coal istillation plant "Ammonium GmbH" in Weitmar near Bochum and held interests in domestic and international Thomas steel mills producing slag. Total production of all chemicals combined was . In 1908 the company employed more than 1200 workers.
With the outbreak of World War I employment fell to 70 workers and parts of production were shut down, as the company was not producing essential chemicals for the war economy. Management then concentrated on the production of saltpeter, a raw material for explosives. Due to the importance of the chemical the workfore increased to 504 employees in December 1914. In 1916 an explosives research laboratory was created, and a short time afterwards the first explosive agent was developed. Despite the lack of workers the company also expanded into the new market for animal food by treating straw with sodium hydroxide.
After the end of the war the treaty of Versailles forced "Chemische Werke Kalk" to end the production of explosives and close the research laboratory. In the 1920s demand for fertilizers slowly increased, but was accompanied by an increase in prices for raw materials. To mitigate the effect of the price increases the company began to produce a fertilizer based on ammonium nitrate and calcium carbonate, two by-products of the production of other fertilizers. In 1930 "Scheibler’s Kampdünger" (Kamp standing for Kalk-Ammon-Phospor, i.e. lime-ammonium-phosphorus and Dünger being the German word for fertilizer) was introduced, a two-component fertilizer that was readily accepted by the market. The company management at this time considered moving the factory from Kalk to Godorf in Rodenkirchen as the high population density made expansion of the factory difficult. Ultimately this plan was not implemented.
After the Hitler's rise to power in 1933 the company gradually began to concentrate on raw materials for the production of explosives. Since 1937 women were employed as workers. After the outbreak of World War II, with the maleworkforce in military service, women were conscripted for work at the company. Since 1940 "Chemische Fabrik Kalk" used approximately 460 forced laborers from Poland and later the Soviet Union. The factory was heavily damaged during the bombing raids which started in 1942. In 1943 the sulfuric acid plant was completely destroyed, a year later almost all of the production came to a standstill. On March 6, 1945 the grandson of the founder, Fritz Vorster Jr. closed the factory after 80 percent of the production facilities had been destroyed. At this time the company had only 100 employees.
Acquisition by Salzdetfurth AG and factory closing (1945–1993).
In August 1945, only three months after the end of the war the "Chemische Fabrik Kalk" began to produce burnt lime for the purpose of bartering. Workers returning from war captivity cannibalized some sections of the plant to repair other sections. Some equipment and tools that were removed from the factory before the bombing raids were returned. In March 1946 the production of ammonium sulfate resumed. In 1947 large parts of the factory were rebuilt and in the summer of 1948 production of susperphospate in September 1948 production of "Kampdünger" resumed. As potash was added to the "Kampdünger" it was sold as KAMPKA-Dünger (the ending KA standing for Kalisalz, the German word for potash). In 1950 the production of the company had reached the old pre-war production level and the company had a market share of 20 percent of the German market for sodium carbonate, although it decreased to 13 percent one year later. During this time the management again considered a move of the factory from Kalk to Godorf, but after a study concluded that a moving the factory would be more costly than staying in Kalk the already purchased land in Godorf was sold. In 1952 the Salzdetfurth AG acquired a 25 percent share of "Chemische Fabrik Kalk" and increased the share to 75 percent in 1957.
At the centennial anniversary of the founding of the company on November 1, 1958 the company employed 1820 workers and 549 salaried professionals. A new production facility for phosphates was opened in 1960. In the same year the factory produced of KAMPKA fertilizer and of sodium carbonate. In 1960 the Salzdetfurth AG acquired the remaining 25 percent of "Chemische Fabrik Kalk". After the takeover the Salzdetfurth AG began to modernize the production facilities and build for example a new, tall chimney that helped alleviate the odor pollution from sulfurous exhaust fumes. In the mid 1960s the fillings and loading plants were converted to fully automated operation. Despite these modernizations the factory equipment, in particular the sodium carbonate production facilities were outdated. The company also lacked new products that would have allowed the company to enter new markets.
In 1971 the Salzdetfurth AG merged with the BASF subsidiary Wintershall and the Burbach-Kaliwerke AG. One year later the Salzdetfurth AG and Burbach-Kaliwerke AG and the sodium carbonate production facilities of Wintershall were merged into the new Kali und Salz AG. Under the new ownership "Chemische Fabrik Kalk" expanded into the production of flower and garden fertilizers. In 1974 the factory had 1800 employees, had a revenue of 400 million DM and was active in the production of sodium carbonate, calcium chloride, fine chemicals, phosphate for animal feed and fertilizers.
In the early 1980s the factory tried to enter new markets with the production of bromine, but closed production after a fire destroyed the production facility only two weeks after completion in 1985. Due to increasing competition in the market for fertilizers and the lack of new products, company revenue fell from 570 million DM in 1985 to 370 million DM. The company posted increasing financial losses, partly due to its locational disadvantage as all raw materials and all final goods had to be transported by truck from the factory to Cologne's Rhine harbor. Another disadvantage was the location of the factory in a densely populated residential area and a decreasing acceptance of the pollution caused by the factory. Without operating profits a relocation of the factory was not feasible, and thus, without any prospects, the fertilizer production was shut down in 1989. Employment fell from 1400 employees in 1985 to 830 in 1990, with the factory only producing sodium carbonate, calcium chloride and phosphate for animal feed. Although losses were reduced to almost zero in 1990, the financial situation deteriorated in 1992 when the prices for sodium carbonate fell. The fall in prices was partly due to the lifting of anti-dumping on sodium carbonate imports from the American Natural Soda Ash Corporation (ANSAC) by the European Commission. Another factor in the worsening financial situation was an antitrust fine of US$1.38 million imposed by the European commission for participating in a sodium carbonate cartel together with Solvay and Imperial Chemical Industries. Company revenue fell to 225 million DM and losses increased to 9.6 million DM. On December 23, 1993 all remaining production was shut down and all remaining 700 workers were laid off. Since then "Chemische Fabrik Kalk GmbH" is the name of a wholesale distributor of chemicals and subsidiary of K+S AG (named Kali und Salz AG until 1999). Company revenue in 2007 was 7.86 million Euro, down from 10.07 million Euro in 2004.
Demolition and redevelopment of the factory site (1993–today).
After the factory was closed all production facilities and factory buildings on the almost large premises were demolished. A small laboratory building and the water tower which had been listed as a historic landmark were preserved. The former office buildings on the southern side of the factory premises were sold. Equipment was sold to other factories, in for example Poland and Brazil. In October 1994 the tall chimney was blasted. The last building demolished was the fertilizer factory building dating from 1894 which is torn down in March 2001. As the premises were heavily contaminated with sulfur and heavy metals they had to be decontaminated from 1996 to 2001. New streets and an access road to the Zoobrücke, a Rhine bridge were built. In 2003 the new Cologne police department headquarters were opened. In 2005 the Köln Arcaden shopping mall opened, with the parking garage build around the historic water tower. Plans to open a Chemische Fabrik Kalk museum in the water tower have not been realized. In April 2009 the science center Odysseum will open, which will be the largest science center in Germany. Other planned projects include residential and office buildings, retail space and an urban park. The former factory site is today known under the official name Cityforum Kalk, or abbreviated CFK.

</doc>
<doc id="20110290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20110290" title="Arthur Dodd">
Arthur Dodd

Arthur Dodd may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20110309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20110309" title="1998 City of Imola motorcycle Grand Prix">
1998 City of Imola motorcycle Grand Prix

The 1998 City of Imola motorcycle Grand Prix was the eleventh round of the 1998 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season. It took place on 6 September 1998 at Imola.

</doc>
<doc id="20110313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20110313" title="Alexander Voznesensky">
Alexander Voznesensky

Alexander Alexeyevich Voznesensky () (March 5, 1898—October 28, 1950) was a Soviet economist, brother of Nikolai Voznesensky.
Born in the village of Golovkino in Novosilsky Uyezd of Tula Governorate (now in Oryol Oblast), he spent his childhood in Chern. In 1917, he enrolled at the Petrograd Institute of History and Philology; in 1921, he joined the Social Sciences Faculty of Petrograd University, graduating in 1923, and soon began to teach. He was a member of the Communist Party since 1927. 
He served as the rector of Leningrad State University from 1941 to 1948 and in the spring of 1942 he organized the evacuation of the university to Saratov. In 1947, Voznesensky was elected to the Supreme Soviet of the Soviet Union and in 1948 was appointed Minister of Education of the Russian SFSR. On August 19, 1949, he was arrested on charges of treason, participation in a counterrevolutionary organization, and anti-Soviet agitation (the Leningrad Affair). Convicted and executed in 1950, he was rehabilitated on May 14, 1954.

</doc>
<doc id="20110320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20110320" title="Corduroy Creek Bridge">
Corduroy Creek Bridge

The Corduroy Creek Bridge was a steel arch highway bridge on US 60 near Show Low, Arizona. The 180-foot span ribbed girder arch bridge was built in 1937-38 with a total length of 250 feet. In 1994 the nearby Cedar Canyon Bridge was substantially widened and upgraded, using the identical arch from the Corduroy Creek bridge to double the width of the Cedar Canyon bridge while rehabilitating the deck structure. The Corduroy Creek bridge was replaced with an I-beam girder bridge.

</doc>
<doc id="20110322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20110322" title="Minucia lunaris">
Minucia lunaris

The Lunar Double-stripe or Brown Underwing ("Minucia lunaris") is a moth of the family Noctuidae. The species can be found in Europe.
The wingspan is 53–61 mm. The moths flies from May to June depending on the location.
The larvae feed on Oak.

</doc>
<doc id="20110340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20110340" title="1998 Catalan motorcycle Grand Prix">
1998 Catalan motorcycle Grand Prix

The 1998 Catalan motorcycle Grand Prix was the twelfth round of the 1998 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season. It took place on 20 September 1998 at the Circuit de Catalunya.

</doc>
<doc id="20110342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20110342" title="Wilton Castle (Redcar and Cleveland)">
Wilton Castle (Redcar and Cleveland)

Wilton Castle is an early 19th-century mansion, built on the site of a medieval castle, now converted into luxury residential apartments, situated at Wilton, in Redcar and Cleveland, England.
It is a grade II listed building.
History.
At the time of the "Doomsday Book" the estate is recorded as held by Nigel on behalf of Robert Earl of Morton.
John de Bulmer and the Bulmer family became lords of the manor of Wilton
but it isn't until towards the end of the 11th century when the Bulmer family are recorded as building a wooden manor house on the land.
In 1170 Sir Ralph de Bulmer received a royal charter confirming his ownership of the estate.
King John granted William de Bulmer a licence to fortify their manor house in the year 1210.
This would mean building in stone and marks the beginnings of the original castle as a fortified residence.
In 1330 a Sir Ralph de Bulmer obtained a charter of his desmesne from King Edward III acknowledging his ownership of the estate.
Sir Ralph carried out further alterations to the building and obtained a licence to crenellate from King Edward III allowing him to make the manor house into a castle.
All estates including Wilton estate were forfeit to the crown following the attainder and execution of Sir John and Lady Bulmer for high treason arising out of their part in the Pilgrimage of Grace in 1536.
The manor was restored to their nephew, Sir Ralph de Bulmer (d. 1558) by King Edward VI in 1547.
In 1558 Queen Mary I granted the estate to Sir Thomas Cornwallis and the estate passed via his son and grandson to his great grandson Lord Charles Cornwallis in 1698.
Lord Cornwallis sold the estate in the early 1700s to Sir Stephen Fox.
Sir Stephen's son by his second marriage was created Earl of Ilchester in 1747 and sold the estate the next year.
The estate was purchased by the trustees of the will of a Robert Lowther for the benefit of (Sir) James Lowther (1736–1802), member of Parliament (1757–1784).
Sir James Lowther became the first Earl of Lonsdale in 1784 and with his death in 1802 the Earldom of Lonsdale became extinct.
The castle had been allowed to decay and by 1805 was largely a ruin.
The estate was purchased in about 1806 by a cousin Sir John Lowther (1759–1844).
Sir John Lowther demolished the remains of the medieval castle in about 1807, and in 1810 built an imposing mansion house on the site, to a design by architect Sir Robert Smirke.
The first stage of the rebuilding of the "castle" was the building of the centre block, the west wing and a short low east wing and later in a second phase of building, an octagonal tower was added to the end of the east wing.
The Gothick design includes a fifteen-bay frontage with a four-storey castellated tower at the centre, flanked by castellated and gabled bays and turrets and five-bayed two-storey wings.
Lowther was created a Baronet in 1824 (see Lowther Baronets).
The iron industry was founded in Middlesbrough by Bolckow and Vaughan followed by the chance discovery in 1850 of iron ore in the Eston hills
on land that the Lowthers owned.
One area of farmland was rented to Bolckow and Vaughan for £17,700 pa and this change of fortunes funded some of the later redevelopment work.
Sir Charles Hugh Lowther, 3rd Baronet (1803–1894) inherited the family baronetcy from his brother in 1868.
The whole of the east wing including the octagonal tower was later demolished and replaced by 1887 with amongst other rooms a pavilion ballroom to create essentially the building that exists today.
Farmhouses and outbuildings on the estate were also demolished and rebuilt for tenants followed by the building of a new village of Wilton out of sight of the castle, and the main road was moved further away from the front of the castle.
On the death of the third Baronet in 1894 the Baronetcy passed to his grandson but the Wilton Castle estate passed to his younger son James Lowther (1840–1904).
James Lowther died at Wilton in 1904 and left the castle to his nephew Colonel John George Lowther.
Colonel Lowther sold the estate including Wilton Castle, his private residence in 1945 to Imperial Chemical Industries.
In 1946 staff moved into Wilton Castle to plan the development of the estate as a chemical works.
The estate was laid out as ICI Wilton and the whole of the castle was converted and used as offices due to restrictions at the time on building new offices.
The offices were occupied at various times by major industrialists such as Dr Richard Beeching and Sir John Harvey Jones.
Staff were transferred to new offices on the works site as restrictions were lifted, such that by 1969 the building had a large number of empty offices, but still had dining facilities and bedrooms for visitors, and a staff club.
In 1970 ICI carried out internal modifications and invited Trust House to manage the facilities.
The park had been developed as a golf course for ICI staff and was sold in 1999.
The golf club was acquired by its members, and over the period 2001–2002 Wilton Castle was converted by George Wimpey Ltd into 45 luxury apartments and houses.
There is no remaining evidence of the building of 1210, but internal walls to the east of the entrance are particularly thick and it is thought they constituted part of the original tower.
Wilton Castle was given grade II listed building status in 1952.
As well as the castle the associated stable block,
garden wall,
and retaining wall
are grade II listed buildings.
Cultural references.
The castle was used as a location in the BBC television drama series Spender (1991).

</doc>
<doc id="20110367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20110367" title="1998 Australian motorcycle Grand Prix">
1998 Australian motorcycle Grand Prix

The 1998 Australian motorcycle Grand Prix was the thirteenth round of the 1998 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season. It took place on 4 October 1998 at the Phillip Island Grand Prix Circuit.

</doc>
<doc id="20110387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20110387" title="Flexion teardrop fracture">
Flexion teardrop fracture

A flexion teardrop fracture is a fracture of the anteroinferior aspect of a cervical vertebral body due to flexion of the spine along with vertical axial compression. A teardrop fracture is usually associated with a spinal cord injury, often a result of displacement of the posterior portion of the vertebral body into the spinal canal.

</doc>
<doc id="20110393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20110393" title="1998 Argentine motorcycle Grand Prix">
1998 Argentine motorcycle Grand Prix

The 1998 Argentine motorcycle Grand Prix was the last round of the 1998 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season. It took place on 25 October 1998 at the Autódromo Oscar Alfredo Gálvez in Buenos Aires.
This race was known as being the final 500 cc victory for legendary Australian Mick Doohan.

</doc>
<doc id="20110420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20110420" title="20 Dates">
20 Dates

20 Dates is a 1998 American mockumentary film. Myles Berkowitz directs and stars as the film's protagonist trying to find love and start a film career at the same time by filming himself going out on 20 dates with different women. 
Reception.
The film received mixed reviews from critics. The aggregate review websites Rotten Tomatoes and Metacritic recorded scores of 40% and 36 out of 100, respectively. 
Film critic Christopher Null of Filmcritic.com awarded the film four and a half stars out of five and called the film "hysterical" while Leonard Clady of "Variety" magazine called it "a mockumentary of inordinate skill", concluding that it's "a satisfying and entertaining movie." James Berardinelli of ReelViews.net called the film "inconsequential" but, at the same time, admitted that some parts of the film are "often hilarious."
On the other hand, film critic Roger Ebert of "Chicago Sun-Times" awarded the film a half star out of a possible four stars, opinining that "the film has the obnoxious tone of a boring home movie narrated by a guy shouting in your ear" and concluding by calling the film "incompetent and annoying." Jeff Millar of the "Houston Chronicle" said the film is "a joke" and that "Berkowitz is a rather annoying person".

</doc>
<doc id="20110422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20110422" title="2008–09 UCI Asia Tour">
2008–09 UCI Asia Tour

The 2008–09 UCI Asia Tour was the 5th season of the UCI Asia Tour. The season began on 4 October 2008 with the Tour of Milad du Nour and ended on 13 September 2009 with the Tour de Hokkaido.
The points leader, based on the cumulative results of previous races, wears the UCI Asia Tour cycling jersey. Hossein Askari from Iran was the defending champion of the 2007–08 UCI Asia Tour. Ghader Mizbani of Iran was crowned as the 2008–09 UCI Asia Tour champion.
Throughout the season, points are awarded to the top finishers of stages within stage races and the final general classification standings of each of the stages races and one-day events. The quality and complexity of a race also determines how many points are awarded to the top finishers, the higher the UCI rating of a race, the more points are awarded.
The UCI ratings from highest to lowest are as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="20110446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20110446" title="Catocala electa">
Catocala electa

The Rosy Underwing ("Catocala electa") is a moth of the family Noctuidae. The species can be found in Europe and Asia (ranging to Korea).
The wingspan is 65–80 mm. The moths flies from July to September depending on the location.
The larvae feed on Sallow and Poplar.

</doc>
<doc id="20110447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20110447" title="FC Herzogenaurach">
FC Herzogenaurach

The 1. FC Herzogenaurach is a German association football club from the city of Herzogenaurach, Bavaria. 
The history of the club is strongly interwined with the Sports equipment manufacturer Puma, then just a local company and sponsor of the "FC" and its rivalry to ASV Herzogenaurach, which was sponsored by another local company, Adidas.
History.
Early years.
Formed in 1916, the club did not begin to play competitive football till 1919 due to the difficult circumstances of the First World War. Between the two world wars, the club played on local Middle Franconian level, at times as high as the "Bezirksliga", the local third division.
With the rise of the Nazis, the club profited from the disbanding of the local workers club "Freie Union", a predecessor to the ASV herzogenaurach. "FC" gained a considerable number of players from this in 1933.
After the Second World War, the club played in the local "A-Klasse", later the "Bezirksliga Mittelfranken-Nord". With a championship in the later in 1965–66, the "FC's" rise to the higher Bavarian amateur leagues begun.
Rise.
In the "Landesliga Bayern-Mitte" for the first time for the 1966–67 season, the club finished in a respectable eleventh spot and repeated this result the season after. In November 1967, it was offered a sponsorship by the Puma AG, which it accepted, a fact which earned it its later nickname "The Pumas". Puma offered a similar sponsorship to the other club in town, ASV Herzogenaurach, but was beaten to this by Adidas, its long-term rival. The rivalry between Puma and Adidas, which is in truth the rivalry of the two brothers who owned the companies then, Rudolf Dassler and Adolf Dassler, actually predates the rivalry of the two football clubs, stretching back to 1948. 
In the "Landesliga" in 1968–69, the club met its local rival once more, the "ASV" having earned promotion to the league in 1968. The first season there together, "ASV" finished fourth while the "FC" came third, the clubs being separated by one point. The season after, the "FC" won the league and earned promotion to the "Amateurliga Bayern" (III) while the "ASV" came third. The "ASV" had to wait another two seasons to do the same and win the league and promotion in 1972.
"Bayernliga" years.
While the "FC" enjoyed two good first seasons in the highest league in the state, it did not so well when the "ASV" joined it there and with a third place in 1972–73, the Adidas-club finished above the Puma-team for the first time in years while "FC" went into decline for a time.
The 1973–74 season became even more upsetting for the club as the "ASV" won the "Amateurliga Bayern" title while FC Herzogenaurach found itself relegated from the league, finishing 17th. 
Spending the next three seasons in the "Landesliga", "FC" worked hard on a return to the "Amateurliga", finishing in the top-three each year. "FC" earned its return to the "Amateurliga Bayern" through another league championship in 1977, the year "ASV" found itself relegated from the "Bayernliga". 
The club mangaed to survive in the league for only one season before being handed down once more. Back in the "Landesliga" for 1978–79, it finished top of the league once more, beating "ASV" by a point to it.
Upon return to what was now the "Amateur Oberliga Bayern", the "FC" earned a respectabel seventh place before suffering relegation from the league the season after in 1981. This marked the end of the Herzogenaurach clubs time in bavarias highest league, neither one having returned as of 2008.
The late 1970s also saw the rise of two promising young footballers in Herzogenaurach who went to school together. Günter Güttler, who played for the "ASV" and later joined FC Bayern Munich and Lothar Matthäus, who played for the "FC" and became Germanys most capped footballer. Matthäus could not play for the "ASV" even though it had at that time the better under-19's side, because his father worked for Puma.
Decline.
Back in the "Landesliga Bayern-Mitte", the "FC's" started to fluctuate between "Landesliga" and "Bezirksliga". "FC" suffered three relegations from the "Landesliga" in the 1980s, in 1983, 1985 and finally in 1989, on which instance both Herzogenaurach clubs left the "Landesliga" for good. In the "Bezirksoberliga Mittelfranken" in 1989–90, a last-place finish meant a further drop, now to the "Bezirksliga Mittelfranken-Nord". There, the club managed to halt its decline for the time, spending four seasons in the league. In 1994, it dropped further, now to the "Kreisliga". In 1998, another relegation took the team down to the "Kreisklasse" level. Since then, it has flactuated between the two.
Current.
The club played in the "Kreisliga Erlangen/Pegnitzgrund" (IX) in 2008–09, the second-lowest league in the region. Its old rival, the ASV Herzogenaurach had fallen down even deeper in the league system, playing two levels below in the "A-Klasse Erlangen/Pegnitzgrund" (X)
In 2010, the club suffered another relegation, down to the Kreisklasse, where it met ASV in 2010-11. While the FC successfully played for the league championship and promotion that season, ASV came a distant last.
The old rivalry between the two clubs may have lost some of its punch, as has the local rivalry between the two sports brands. The town of Herzogenaurach is certainly not as divided any more as it once was. In March 2007, a merger of the three local clubs was even discussed, the "ASV" and "FC" together with the "SC Nord" should form one club which would then be capable to reach "Regionalliga" level.
The rivalry of the two companies, and with it to some extend the local football club issue, gained some international attention during the 2006 FIFA World Cup in Germany, when a number of international news organisations picked up on it.
Recent seasons.
The recent season-by-season performance of the club:
"ASV" versus "FC".
The Herzogenaurach derby in the "Bayernliga" and "Landesliga":
DFB Cup appearances.
The club has qualified for the first round of the German Cup just once:

</doc>
<doc id="20110474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20110474" title="The Christmas Adventure">
The Christmas Adventure

The Christmas Adventure is a seasonal event held at the Stockeld Park estate in North Yorkshire.
Initially a supplement to the estate’s extensive Christmas tree business, The Christmas Adventure now boasts a number of unique activities, including a giant, snowflake-shaped maze based on the 12 Days of Christmas, an Enchanted Wood, Europe’s longest synthetic Nordic ski trail, a skating rink and Santa’s Grotto.
The Enchanted Wood is perhaps The Christmas Adventure’s most distinctive attraction. Described as “a mixture of theatre and fantasy”, the wood is illuminated by several thousand lights and filled with fairytale characters and animals. Running for over 1,200 metres through the wood is a pathway and the Nordic ski trail.
The Christmas Adventure also contains a Christmas shop and a café.
Since opening in 2006, The Christmas Adventure has been the subject of considerable
media attention and has featured in papers such as "The Times", "The Daily Telegraph", the "Guardian" and the "Yorkshire Post".
Beginning at the start of the October half term and ending after the second weekend of January, it is estimated that over 100,000 people visit The Christmas Adventure, which has been the recipient of a number of awards.

</doc>
<doc id="20110477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20110477" title="Sébastien Berthet">
Sébastien Berthet

Sébastien Berthet (born 28 January 1978 in Lyon, France) is a professional ice hockey player. He is currently on the roster of the Lyon Hockey Club (LHC), a team he joined in 1995.
Career.
Berthet joined the LHC in 1995 as part of the senior Division 1 squad. He spent four years playing with Lyon in France's Ligue Elite and remained with the team when they were relegated to Division 3 in 2000. He is the longest-serving member of the LHC team.
Berthet has represented France twice, first as a member of the 1995 Under-18 European Championship squad and later as a member of the 1997 Under-20 World Championship squad.
Playing style.
Berthet is a talented and physically strong player using his height (180 cm) and weight (90 kg) to his advantage on the ice. He is an attacker and plays left-handed.
In the 2007 regular season Berthet scored 6 goals and had 6 assists to rank 59th in the Eastern Pool. Berthet had an exceptional play-off series, scoring 5 times and with 9 assists to finish as the 7th most valuable player in the post-season.

</doc>
<doc id="20110481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20110481" title="Sveningen">
Sveningen

Sveningen is a mountain in the municipalities of Bergen, Samnanger and Os in Hordaland county, Norway. Located directly south of Gullfjellet, the summit of Sveningen is situated at 842 metres above sea level on the border between the municipalities. It is the second highest mountain in Bergen, after Gullfjellet, and the highest in Os.

</doc>
<doc id="20110483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20110483" title="Fritz Dennerlein">
Fritz Dennerlein

Federico "Fritz" Dennerlein (March 14, 1936 – October 3, 1992) was an Italian freestyle and butterfly swimmer and water polo player who competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics, in the 1960 Summer Olympics, and in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Portici; his father was German and his mother was Romanian. 
In 1956 he was a member of the Italian water polo team which finished fourth in the Olympic tournament. He played all six matches. He also finished seventh with the Italian relay team in the 4 x 200 metre freestyle competition.
Four years later he finished fourth in the 200 metre freestyle butterfly event. Dennerlein also finished sixth with the Italian relay team in the 4 x 100 metre medley competition. In the 4 x 200 metre freestyle event he and the Italian team were eliminated in the first round.
On August 23, 1962 in Monte Carlo he established the European record in 200 m butterfly swimming the distance in 2' 12" 6/10.
At the 1964 Games he finished again fourth with the Italian water polo team in the Olympic tournament. He played three matches and scored one goal.
He died in Naples in a car accident. He rests in the "English Cemetery" in Naples.

</doc>
<doc id="20110488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20110488" title="York Theatre">
York Theatre

The York Theatre is an Off-Broadway theatre at 619 Lexington Avenue at the corner of 54th Street in the East Midtown section of Manhattan, New York City. It is dedicated to the production of new musicals and concert productions of forgotten musicals from the past. Each season consists of three or four mainstage productions, six concert presentations and dozens of developmental readings. It has had several transfers of its work to larger off-Broadway theatres and to Broadway. The company was awarded a special Drama Desk Award in 1996.
Since 1993 the company has performed in an intimate theatre that is part of St. Peter's Church, in the Citigroup Center Complex.

</doc>
<doc id="20110533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20110533" title="Luigi Mannelli">
Luigi Mannelli

Luigi Mannelli (born February 21, 1939) is an Italian water polo player who competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics and in the 1960 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Naples.
In 1956 he was a member of the Italian water polo team which finished fourth in the Olympic tournament. He played one match.
Four years later he won the gold medal with the Italian team in the Olympic tournament. He played two matches and scored four goales.

</doc>
<doc id="20110535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20110535" title="Catocala promissa">
Catocala promissa

The Light Crimson Underwing "(Catocala promissa)" is a moth of the family Noctuidae. The species can be found in Europe and Anatolia up to Armenia.
The wingspan is 60–65 mm. The moths flies from July to August depending on the location.
The larvae feed on Oak.

</doc>
<doc id="20110553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20110553" title="Ethyl gallate">
Ethyl gallate

Ethyl gallate is a food additive with E number E313. It is the ethyl ester of gallic acid. Ethyl gallate is added to food as an antioxidant.
Though found naturally in a variety of plant sources including walnuts "Terminalia myriocarpa" or chebulic myrobolan ("Terminalia chebula").
Ethyl gallate is produced from gallic acid and ethanol. It can be found in wine.

</doc>
<doc id="20110557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20110557" title="Angelo Marciani">
Angelo Marciani

Angelo Marciani (born April 19, 1928) is an Italian water polo player who competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics.
In 1956 he was a member of the Italian team which finished fourth in the Olympic tournament. He played all six matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20110561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20110561" title="E313">
E313

E313 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20110578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20110578" title="Eucarta virgo">
Eucarta virgo

The Silvery Gem "(Eucarta virgo)" is a moth of the family Noctuidae. The species can be found in South, Southeast and Central Europe.
The wingspan is 25–36 mm.
The larvae feed on Artemisia vulgaris, Artemisia campestris and Tanacetum vulgare.

</doc>
<doc id="20110592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20110592" title="Rosario Parmegiani">
Rosario Parmegiani

Rosario Parmegiani (born March 12, 1937 in Naples) is an Italian water polo player who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics and in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
Parmegiani was a squad member of the Italian Olympic team in the 1956 tournament but did not play in a match.
Four years later he won the gold medal with the Italian team in the Olympic tournament. He played six matches and scored seven goales.
In 1964, he was a member of the Italian water polo team which finished fourth in the Olympic tournament. He played all six matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20110609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20110609" title="Sir Edward Morgan, 1st Baronet">
Sir Edward Morgan, 1st Baronet

Sir Edward Morgan, 1st Baronet of Llantarnam (died 24 June 1653) was a Roman Catholic supporter of Charles I during the Bishops' War and the English Civil War. Charles created him a baronet in recognition of his services, but his capture during the English Civil War led to his estate being sequestered.
Life.
Morgan was one of the Morgan family of Llantarnam in Monmouthshire, Wales, an established Roman Catholic family: his great-grandfather William Morgan was a MP in the reigns not only of the Catholic Queen Mary but also of the Protestant Queen Elizabeth, and allowed his house to be used for the celebration of mass. Morgan's parents were Thomas Morgan and Frances, daughter of Edward Somerset, 4th Earl of Worcester, and both supported Catholic activities in Wales. He was educated at Jesus College, Oxford, matriculating in 1616 and obtaining his Bachelor of Arts degree in 1619. He was involved in the Welsh Jesuit headquarters being set up in 1635 in Cwm, Herefordshire. He was commissioned in the second Bishops' War in 1640 and given permission to obtain contributions from fellow-Catholics. This caused controversy in the Long Parliament, and Charles I's reaction was to make Morgan a Baronet in 1642; he later renewed Morgan's commission during the English Civil War. Morgan was captured at Hereford on 18 December 1645. The Rump Parliament removed his baronetcy and his estate was sequestered. He died on 24 June 1653; it was not until 9 November 1654 that his estate was discharged. His heir, Sir Edward Morgan Jr., 2nd Baronet of Llantarnam, became a Protestant. The Baronet title fell to his son Sir Edward Morgan III., 3rd Baronet of Llantarnam until his death, he was without male heirs and the Baronet title then went to his uncle: Sir James Morgan., 4th Baronet of Llantarnam, James was the younger son of Sir Edward Morgan., 1st Baronet of Llantarnam and was the last Baronet of Llantarnam, as his surviving heirs immigrated to America.

</doc>
<doc id="20110625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20110625" title="Paolo Pucci">
Paolo Pucci

Paolo Pucci (born 21 April 1935) is an Italian freestyle swimmer and water polo player who competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics.
In 1956, he was eliminated in the semi-finals of the 100 metre freestyle competition. Also he was a member of the Italian water polo team which finished fourth in the Olympic tournament. He played five matches.
He won a gold medal at the 1958 European Aquatics Championships in 100 m freestyle, becoming Italy's first ever swimming European champion.

</doc>
<doc id="20110632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20110632" title="Oruk-Zar">
Oruk-Zar

Oruk-Zar is a village in Batken Province of Kyrgyzstan. Located in Burgondu valley, which is on the south fringe of Fergana valley.

</doc>
<doc id="20110668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20110668" title="Endangered species">
Endangered species

An endangered species is a species of organisms that will likely become extinct. The phrase 'endangered species' colloquially refers to any species that fits this description whereas conservation biologists typically use it to refer to species that are designated Endangered in the IUCN Red List, wherein "endangered" is the second most severe conservation status for wild populations, following Critically Endangered. 3079 animals and 2655 plants are Endangered worldwide, compared with 1998 levels of 1102 and 1197, respectively. The amount, population trend, and conservation status of each species can be found in the Lists of organisms by population.
Many nations have laws that protect conservation reliant species: for example, forbidding hunting, restricting land development, or creating preserves.
Conservation status.
The conservation status of a species indicates the likelihood that it will become extinct. Many factors are considered when assessing the conservation status of a species; e.g., such statistics as the number remaining, the overall increase or decrease in the population over time, breeding success rates, or known threats. The IUCN Red List of Threatened Species is the best-known worldwide conservation status listing and ranking system.
Over 40% of species are estimated to be at risk extinction. Internationally, 199 countries have signed an accord to create Biodiversity Action Plans that will protect endangered and other threatened species. In the United States this plan is usually called a species Recovery Plan.
IUCN Red List.
IUCN Red List refers to a specific category of threatened species and may include critically endangered species.
The IUCN Red List uses the term "endangered species" as a specific category of imperilment, rather than as a general term. Under the IUCN Categories and Criteria, "endangered species" is between "critically endangered" and "vulnerable". Also "critically endangered" species may also be counted as "endangered species" and fill all the criteria.
The more general term used by the IUCN for species at risk of extinction is "threatened species", which also includes the less-at-risk category of vulnerable species together with endangered and critically endangered.
IUCN categories, and some animals in those categories, include:
United States.
Endangered Species Act.
Under the Endangered Species Act in the United States, species may be listed as "endangered" or "threatened". The Salt Creek tiger beetle ("Cicindela nevadica lincolniana") is an example of an endangered subspecies protected under the ESA. The US Fish and Wildlife Service as well as the National Marine Fisheries Service are held responsible for classifying and protecting endangered species, and adding a particular species to the list can be a long, controversial process (Wilcove & Master, 2008, p. 414).
Some endangered species laws are controversial. Typical areas of controversy include: criteria for placing a species on the endangered species list and criteria for removing a species from the list once its population has recovered; whether restrictions on land development constitute a "taking" of land by the government; the related question of whether private landowners should be compensated for the loss of uses of their lands; and obtaining reasonable exceptions to protection laws. Also lobbying from hunters and various industries like the petroleum industry, construction industry, and logging, has been an obstacle in establishing endangered species laws.
The Bush administration lifted a policy that required federal officials to consult a wildlife expert before taking actions that could damage endangered species. Under the Obama administration, this policy has been reinstated.
Being listed as an endangered species can have negative effect since it could make a species more desirable for collectors and poachers. This effect is potentially reducible, such as in China where commercially farmed turtles may be reducing some of the pressure to poach endangered species.
Another problem with the listing species is its effect of inciting the use of the "shoot, shovel, and shut-up" method of clearing endangered species from an area of land. Some landowners currently may perceive a diminution in value for their land after finding an endangered animal on it. They have allegedly opted to silently kill and bury the animals or destroy habitat, thus removing the problem from their land, but at the same time further reducing the population of an endangered species. The effectiveness of the Endangered Species Act, which coined the term "endangered species", has been questioned by business advocacy groups and their publications, but is nevertheless widely recognized as an effective recovery tool by wildlife scientists who work with the species. Nineteen species have been delisted and recovered and 93% of listed species in the northeastern United States have a recovering or stable population.
Currently, 1,556 known species in the world have been identified as endangered, or near extinction, and are under protection by government law (Glenn, 2006, Webpage). This approximation, however, does not take into consideration the number of species threatened with endangerment that are not included under the protection of such laws as the Endangered Species Act. According to NatureServe's global conservation status, approximately thirteen percent of vertebrates (excluding marine fish), seventeen percent of vascular plants, and six to eighteen percent of fungi are considered imperiled (Wilcove & Master, 2008, p. 415-416). Thus, in total, between seven and eighteen percent of the United States' known animals, fungi, and plants are near extinction (Wilcove & Master, 2008, p. 416). This total is substantially more than the number of species protected under the Endangered Species Act in the United States.
NatureServe conservation status.
NatureServe and its member programs and collaborators use a suite of factors to assess the conservation status of plant, animal, and fungal species, as well as ecological communities and systems. These assessments lead to the designation of a conservation status rank. For species these ranks provide an estimate of extinction risk, while for ecological communities and systems they provide an estimate of the risk of elimination. Conservation status ranks for how ecological systems in North America are currently under development.
Conservation status ranks are based on a one to five scale, ranging from critically imperiled (G1) to demonstrably secure (G5). Status is assessed and documented at three distinct geographic scales-global (G), national (N), and state/province (S). The numbers have the following meaning:
For example, G1 would indicate that a species is critically imperiled across its entire range (i.e., globally). In this sense the species as a whole is regarded as being at very high risk of extinction. A rank of S3 would indicate the species is vulnerable and at moderate risk within a particular state or province, even though it may be more secure elsewhere.
Species and ecosystems are designated with either an "X" (presumed extinct or extirpated) if there is no expectation that they still survive, or an "H" (possibly extinct or extirpated) if they are known only from historical records but there is a chance they may still exist. Other variants and qualifiers are used to add information or indicate any range of uncertainty. See the following conservation status rank definitions for complete descriptions of ranks and qualifiers.
Overhunting.
Overhunting and overfishing have been a problem ever since mankind started to hunt, and it is no different today. Animals like the bald eagle, grizzly bear, American bison, timber wolf, and sea turtles are all been hunted nearly to extinction, and these are the lucky ones. Others such as the dodo, passenger pigeon, great auk, and Stellar’s sea cows were not as lucky as they were hunted to extinction. All of these animals started off as a food source or ones almost necessary for survival, but the need turned into greed and sport and the populations of these animals were greatly depleted. A present day example of the over-hunting of a species can be seen in the oceans as populations of certain whales have been greatly reduced. Large whales like the blue whale, bowhead whale, finback whale, gray whale, sperm whale, and humpback whale are some of the eight whales which are currently still included on the Endangered Species List. Actions have been taken to try to reduce whaling and increase population sizes, including prohibiting all whaling in United States waters, the formation of the CITES treaty which protects all whales, along with the formation of the International Whaling Commission (IWC). But even though all of these movements have been put in place, countries like Japan claim that they are whaling for “scientific” purposes and continue to harvest whales.
Overhunting,climatic change and habitat loss leads in landing species in endangered species list and could mean that extinction rates could increase to a large extent in the future.
Invasive Species.
Another main cause of is the introduction of non indigenous species to an area and those species disrupt the native species in the environment. These species are known as alien or invader species and there are multiple ways in which they can affect other organisms. Sometimes the invaders compete with the native species for food, while other times they prey on the natives, but the new species can also carry diseases that the native species have no resistance to (Chiras). There are invading species that don’t survive in their new climate, or pose no threat to the native species, but the invaders that do damage native species usually devastate the native species. In the United States alone there are nearly 50,000 alien species, with 800 of them being invasive and a threat to others (Chiras). There are two main ways in which a native species can be overrun by an invasive species, they native species could either become prey of the invader or the invader simply outcompetes the native species for resources (Chiras). 
Conservation.
Captive breeding.
Captive breeding is the process of breeding rare or endangered species in human controlled environments with restricted settings, such as wildlife preserves, zoos and other conservation facilities. Captive breeding is meant to save species from extinction and so stabilize the population of the species that it will not disappear.
This technique has worked for many species for some time, with probably the oldest known such instances of captive mating being attributed to menageries of European and Asian rulers, an example being the Père David's deer. However, captive breeding techniques are usually difficult to implement for such highly mobile species as some migratory birds (e.g. cranes) and fishes (e.g. hilsa). Additionally, if the captive breeding population is too small, then inbreeding may occur due to a reduced gene pool and reduce immunity.
Private farming.
Whereas poaching substantially reduces endangered animal populations, legal, for-profit, private farming does the opposite. It has substantially increased the populations of the southern black rhinoceros and southern white rhinoceros. Dr Richard Emslie, a scientific officer at the IUCN, said of such programs, "Effective law enforcement has become much easier now that the animals are largely privately owned... We have been able to bring local communities into the conservation programmes. There are increasingly strong economic incentives attached to looking after rhinos rather than simply poaching: from eco-tourism or selling them on for a profit. So many owners are keeping them secure. The private sector has been key to helping our work."
Conservation experts view the effect of China's turtle farming on the wild turtle populations of China and South-Eastern Asia—many of which are endangered—as "poorly understood". Although they commend the gradual replacement of wild-caught turtles with farm-raised turtles in the marketplace (the percentage of farm-raised individuals in the "visible" trade grew from around 30% in 2000 to around 70% in 2007), they worry that many wild animals are caught to provide farmers with breeding stock. The conservation expert Peter Paul van Dijk noted that turtle farmers often believe that wild-caught animals are superior breeding stock; turtle farmers may therefore seek and catch the very last remaining wild specimens of some endangered turtle species.
In 2009, researchers in Australia first coaxed southern bluefin tuna to breed in landlocked tanks, enabling fish farming to save the species from overfishing.
References.
Lerner and Brenda Wilmoth Lerner. 4th ed. Detroit: Gale Group, 2008. Discovering Collection. Gale. 18 Feb. 2014
2011. Web. 18 Feb. 2014.
Gale, 2010. Gale Opposing Viewpoints In Context. Web. 18 Feb. 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="20110682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20110682" title="Staurophora celsia">
Staurophora celsia

Staurophora celsia is a moth of the family Noctuidae. The species can be found in Central Europe.
The wingspan is 36–46 mm.
The larvae feed on various grasses, such as "Calamagrostis epigejos", "Deschampsia cespitosa", "Nardus stricta" and "Anthoxanthum odoratum".

</doc>
<doc id="20110683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20110683" title="History of rugby union matches between Australia and Wales">
History of rugby union matches between Australia and Wales

Since 1908 Australia and Wales have competed against each other in rugby union in 37 matches, Australia having won 26, Wales 10, with 1 draw. Since 2007 the teams have competed for the James Bevan Trophy, which was created to celebrate 100 years of rugby between the two nations.
History.
In the first 70 years Wales won 6 of the 8 matches. Over the next 10 years it was fairly even, but since the first World Cup in 1987, Australia has dominated by 20 wins to 2. The 2006 match ended in the second highest scoring draw of all time, 29-29.
Australia snatched victory in the inaugural James Bevan Trophy test match 29–23 with a last minute try on Saturday 26 May 2007 at the Telstra Stadium in Sydney. They followed this up with a whitewash 31–0 victory at the Suncorp Stadium in Brisbane.
Wales captured the trophy the following year in 2008 with a 21-18 victory in Cardiff, but since then it has remained in Australian hands. Three victories in Cardiff in 2009-11 were followed up by a 3-0 series win in Australia in 2012, all by narrow margins. In the return match at Cardiff, Australia once again won with a last minute try.
The 2011 Rugby World Cup brought Australia and Wales together again for a third place play-off and once again it was a close finish with Australia claiming third place in a reversal of the first World Cup in 1987 when Wales won the play-off 22-21.
References.
Results archive from WRU

</doc>
<doc id="20110692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20110692" title="Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon (comics)">
Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon (comics)

Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon was a twelve-volume comic series published by Comics One and written by Andy Seto. The comic is based on a 5 book series known as the "Crane-Iron Pentalogy".
Title.
The original title comes from two of the characters' names: Lo and Jen. Lo's name is Luo Tsiao Hu. Tsiao Hu means "little tiger". Jen's name is Yu Jiao Long. Jiao Long means "delicate dragon". Crouching tiger and hidden dragon combined is a Chinese proverb that means "talented or dangerous people hidden from view," which fits both Lo and Jen.

</doc>
<doc id="20110699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20110699" title="FK Lokomotíva Devínska Nová Ves">
FK Lokomotíva Devínska Nová Ves

FK Lokomotíva Devínska Nová Ves, also known as FCL DNV, is a Slovak football club based in Devínska Nová Ves, a borough of the capital Bratislava. It plays in the 4th League.
History.
Football club in Devínska Nová Ves was established in 1923 under the name ŠK Devínska Nová Ves. A few years later became the Devínska another club called Red Star. In 1927 changed its name to ŠK Slovan Devínska Nová Ves. In 1929 Red Star disappeared and ceased to operate and Slovan. In early 1930, however, a new club Slovan ŠK Devínska Nová Ves. The first football field in Devínska Nová Ves was in the area Grba. Later on, the ground moved for a new municipal People's School. The current stadium at the limestone street itself is built in 1964. In period of the Second World War the Devínska Nova Ves, Bratislava, and the best neighboring clubs. At that time, had its name from time to adapt to the Sports Section of Hlinka Guard Devínska Nová Ves. After the war began in 1945 footballers of Devínska Nová Ves in the West Division with a team of Nitra, Pezinok, Topoľčany, Nové Zámky, Hlohovec and Slovan Bratislava B. In the postwar years has Devínska Nová Ves very good young team. in the year 1946/47 has played the title Slovak champion. Only in the final group of western give adolescents Spartak Trnava. The successful performance in this period is greatly deserved Longtime Chairman Jozef Schrek. Since 1949 the club name Sokol Devínska Nová Ves. With a performance of football to go down with water. The rise occurs again after the year 1953 (already TJ Lokomotíva Devínska Nová Ves). 
In 1956 won Devínska Nová Ves in the southwestern county Championship. Young at the time to do young leagues. The popularity of football in Devínska Nová Ves demonstrates the fact, that in the year 1987/88 has played to 7 teams. Among the coaches to develop football in Devínska Nová Ves deserved Ján Baláž, Ladislav Horváth, Milan Moravec, Vojtech Skyva, Karol Borhy, Emil Pažický, Karol Jokl, Ján Turner, Miroslav Kucharič, Vladimír Hrivnák and others. In 1993 TJ Lokomotíva renamed FCL Devínska Nová Ves. Football Club is the most massive organization in Devínska Nová Ves. Among the most famous footballers of Devinska Nova Ves include Juraj Tóth, who played for ŠK Slovan Bratislava. In the season 1999/2000 occupied Lokomotíva 3rd place in the III. League, which is the best location in the history of the club. A few years later, the club fell to within 5th leagues. There are currently FCL DNV in 4th league. In 2009 attended three players from Devínska Nová Ves Walter Rischer, Juraj Šašík and Michal Polák European Amateurs Championships. Coach was Ľubomír Bohúň.
Current squad.
</table> 

</doc>
<doc id="20110714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20110714" title="1906 San Francisco earthquake">
1906 San Francisco earthquake

The San Francisco earthquake of 1906 was a major earthquake that struck San Francisco and the coast of Northern California at 5:12 a.m. on Wednesday, April 18, 1906. Devastating fires broke out in the city that lasted for several days. As a result of the quake and fires, about 3,000 people died and over 80% of San Francisco was destroyed.
The earthquake and resulting fire are remembered as one of the worst natural disasters in the history of the United States alongside the Galveston Hurricane of 1900 and Hurricane Katrina in 2005. The death toll from the earthquake and resulting fire is the greatest loss of life from a natural disaster in California's history.
Impact.
At the time, 375 deaths were reported. Partly because hundreds of fatalities in Chinatown went ignored and unrecorded, the total number of deaths is still uncertain today, and is estimated to be roughly 3,000 at minimum. Most of the deaths occurred in San Francisco itself, but 189 were reported elsewhere in the Bay Area; nearby cities, such as Santa Rosa and San Jose, also suffered severe damage. In Monterey County, the earthquake permanently shifted the course of the Salinas River near its mouth. Where previously the river emptied into Monterey Bay between Moss Landing and Watsonville, it was diverted 6 miles south to a new outlet just north of Marina.
The earthquake and fire left long-standing and significant pressures on the development of California. At the time of the disaster, San Francisco had been the ninth-largest city in the United States and the largest on the West Coast, with a population of about 410,000. Over a period of 60 years, the city had become the financial, trade and cultural center of the West; operated the busiest port on the West Coast; and was the "gateway to the Pacific", through which growing U.S. economic and military power was projected into the Pacific and Asia. Over 80% of the city was destroyed by the earthquake and fire. Though San Francisco rebuilt quickly, the disaster diverted trade, industry and population growth south to Los Angeles, which during the 20th century became the largest and most important urban area in the West. Many of the city's leading poets and writers retreated to Carmel-by-the-Sea where, as "The Barness", they established the arts colony reputation that continues today.
The 1908 Lawson Report, a study of the 1906 quake led and edited by Professor Andrew Lawson of the University of California, showed that the same San Andreas Fault which had caused the disaster in San Francisco ran close to Los Angeles as well. The earthquake was the first natural disaster of its magnitude to be documented by photography and motion picture footage and occurred at a time when the science of seismology was blossoming. The overall cost of the damage from the earthquake was estimated at the time to be around US$400 million ($8.2 billion in 2009 dollars).
Although the impact of the earthquake on San Francisco was the most famous, the earthquake also inflicted considerable damage on several other cities. These include San Jose and Santa Rosa, the entire downtown of which was essentially destroyed.
Magnitude and geology.
The most widely accepted estimate for the magnitude of the earthquake is a moment magnitude (Mw) of 7.8; however, other values have been proposed, from 7.7 to as high as 8.25. The main shock epicenter occurred offshore about from the city, near Mussel Rock. Shaking was felt from Oregon to Los Angeles, and inland as far as central Nevada.
The earthquake was caused by a rupture on the San Andreas Fault, a continental transform fault that forms part of the tectonic boundary between the Pacific Plate and the North American Plate. The fault is characterized by mainly lateral motion in a dextral sense, where the western (Pacific) plate moves northward relative to the eastern (North American) plate. The 1906 rupture propagated both northward and southward for a total of . This fault runs the length of California from the Salton Sea in the south to Cape Mendocino to the north, a distance of about . The earthquake ruptured the northern third of the fault for a distance of . The maximum observed surface displacement was about 20 feet (6 m); however, geodetic measurements show displacements of up to 28 feet (8.5 m).
A strong foreshock preceded the mainshock by about 20 to 25 seconds. The strong shaking of the main shock lasted about 42 seconds. The shaking intensity as described on the Modified Mercalli intensity scale reached VIII in San Francisco and up to IX in areas to the north like Santa Rosa where destruction was devastating. There were decades of minor earthquakes – more than at any other time in the historical record for northern California – before the 1906 quake. Widely interpreted previously as precursory activity to the 1906 earthquake, they have been found to have a strong seasonal pattern and have been postulated to be due to large seasonal sediment loads in coastal bays that overlie faults as a result of the erosion caused by hydraulic mining in the later years of the California Gold Rush.
Subsequent fires.
As damaging as the earthquake and its aftershocks were, the fires that burned out of control afterward were even more destructive. It has been estimated that up to 90% of the total destruction was the result of the subsequent fires. Within three days, over 30 fires, caused by ruptured gas mains, destroyed approximately 25,000 buildings on 490 city blocks. One of the largest of these fires was accidentally started in a house on Hayes Street by a woman making breakfast for her family. This came to be known as the "Ham and Eggs Fire". Some were started when firefighters, untrained in the use of dynamite, attempted to demolish buildings to create firebreaks. The dynamited buildings themselves often caught fire. The city's fire chief, Dennis T. Sullivan, who would have been responsible, had died from injuries sustained in the initial quake. In all, the fires burned for four days and nights.
Due to a widespread practice by insurers to indemnify San Francisco properties from fire, but not earthquake damage, most of the destruction in the city was blamed on the fires. Some property owners deliberately set fire to damaged properties, in order to claim them on their insurance. Capt. Leonard D. Wildman of the U.S. Army Signal Corps reported that he "was stopped by a fireman who told me that people in that neighborhood were firing their houses…they were told that they would not get their insurance on buildings damaged by the earthquake unless they were damaged by fire".
As water mains were also broken, the city fire department had few resources with which to fight the fires. Several fires in the downtown area merged to become one giant inferno. Brigadier General Frederick Funston, commander of the Presidio of San Francisco and a resident of San Francisco, tried to bring the fire under control by detonating blocks of buildings around the fire to create firebreaks with all sorts of means, ranging from black powder and dynamite to even artillery barrages. Often the explosions set the ruins on fire or helped spread it.
One landmark building lost in the fire was the Palace Hotel, subsequently rebuilt, which had many famous visitors, including royalty and celebrated performers. It was constructed in 1875 primarily financed by Bank of California co-founder William Ralston, the "man who built San Francisco". In April 1906, the tenor Enrico Caruso and members of the Metropolitan Opera Company came to San Francisco to give a series of performances at the Grand Opera House. The night after Caruso's performance in "Carmen", the tenor was awakened in the early morning in his Palace Hotel suite by a strong jolt. Clutching an autographed photo of President Theodore Roosevelt, Caruso made an effort to get out of the city, first by boat and then by train, and vowed never to return to San Francisco. Caruso died in 1921, having remained true to his word. The Metropolitan Opera Company lost all of its traveling sets and costumes in the earthquake and ensuing fires.
Some of the greatest losses from fire were in scientific laboratories. Alice Eastwood, the curator of botany at the California Academy of Sciences in San Francisco, is credited with saving nearly 1,500 specimens, including the entire type specimen collection for a newly discovered and extremely rare species, before the remainder of the largest botanical collection in the western United States was consumed by fire. The entire laboratory and all the records of Benjamin R. Jacobs, a biochemist who was researching the nutrition of everyday foods, was lost. Another treasure lost in the fires was the original California flag used in the 1846 Bear Flag Revolt at Sonoma, which at the time was being stored in a state building in San Francisco.
U.S. Army.
The city's fire chief, Dennis T. Sullivan, was seriously injured when the earthquake first struck and later died from his injuries. The interim fire chief sent an urgent request to the Presidio, an army post on the edge of the stricken city, for dynamite. General Funston had already decided the situation required the use of troops. Collaring a policeman, he sent word to Mayor Eugene Schmitz of his decision to assist, and then ordered army troops from nearby Angel Island to mobilize and come into the city. Explosives were ferried across the bay from the California Powder Works in what is now Hercules.
During the first few days, soldiers provided valuable services like patrolling streets to discourage looting and guarding buildings such as the U.S. Mint, post office, and county jail. They aided the fire department in dynamiting to demolish buildings in the path of the fires. The army also became responsible for feeding, sheltering, and clothing the tens of thousands of displaced residents of the city. Under the command of Funston's superior, Major General Adolphus Greely, Commanding Officer, Pacific Division, over 4,000 troops saw service during the emergency. On July 1, 1906, civil authorities assumed responsibility for relief efforts, and the army withdrew from the city.
On April 18, in response to riots among evacuees and looting, Mayor Schmitz issued and ordered posted a proclamation that "The Federal Troops, the members of the Regular Police Force and all Special Police Officers have been authorized by me to kill any and all persons found engaged in Looting or in the Commission of Any Other Crime". In addition, accusations of soldiers themselves engaging in looting also surfaced.
Early on April 18, 1906, recently retired Captain Edward Ord of the 22nd Infantry Regiment was appointed a Special Police Officer by Mayor Eugene Schmitz and liasioned with Major General Adolphus Greely for relief work with the 22nd Infantry and other military units involved in the emergency. Ord later wrote a long letter to his mother on the April 20 regarding Schmitz' "Shoot-to-Kill" Order and some "despicable" behavior of certain soldiers of the 22nd Infantry who were looting. He also made it clear that the majority of soldiers served the community well.
Relocation and housing.
The army built 5,610 redwood and fir "relief houses" to accommodate 20,000 displaced people. The houses were designed by John McLaren, and were grouped in eleven camps, packed close to each other and rented to people for two dollars per month until rebuilding was completed. They were painted olive drab, partly to blend in with the site, and partly because the military had large quantities of olive drab paint on hand. The camps had a peak population of 16,448 people, but by 1907 most people had moved out. The camps were then re-used as garages, storage spaces or shops. The cottages cost on average $100 to put up. The $2 monthly rents went towards the full purchase price of $50. Most of the shacks have been destroyed, but a small number survived. One of the modest homes was recently purchased for more than $600,000. The last official refugee camp was closed on June 30, 1908.
Aftermath and reconstruction.
Property losses from the disaster have been estimated to be more than $400 million. An insurance industry source tallies insured losses at $235 million, the equivalent to $ in dollars.
Political and business leaders strongly downplayed the effects of the earthquake, fearing loss of outside investment in the city which was badly needed to rebuild. In his first public statement, California governor George C. Pardee emphasized the need to rebuild quickly: "This is not the first time that San Francisco has been destroyed by fire, I have not the slightest doubt that the City by the Golden Gate will be speedily rebuilt, and will, almost before we know it, resume her former great activity". The earthquake itself is not even mentioned in the statement. Fatality and monetary damage estimates were manipulated.
Almost immediately after the quake (and even during the disaster), planning and reconstruction plans were hatched to quickly rebuild the city. Rebuilding funds were immediately tied up by the fact that virtually all the major banks had been sites of the conflagration, requiring a lengthy wait of seven-to-ten days before their fire-proof vaults could cool sufficiently to be safely opened. The Bank of Italy, however, had evacuated its funds and was able to provide liquidity in the immediate aftermath. Its president also immediately chartered and financed the sending of two ships to return with shiploads of lumber from Washington and Oregon mills which provided the initial reconstruction materials and surge. In 1929, Bank of Italy was renamed and is now known as Bank of America.
William James, the pioneering American psychologist, was teaching at Stanford at the time of the earthquake and traveled into San Francisco to observe first-hand its aftermath. He was most impressed by the positive attitude of the survivors and the speed with which they improvised services and created order out of chaos. This formed the basis of the chapter "On some Mental Effects of the Earthquake" in his book "Memories and Studies".
H. G. Wells had just arrived in New York on his first visit to America when he learned, at lunch, of the San Francisco earthquake. What struck him about the reaction of those around him was that "it does not seem to have affected any one with a sense of final destruction, with any foreboding of irreparable disaster. Every one is talking of it this afternoon, and no one is in the least degree dismayed. I have talked and listened in two clubs, watched people in cars and in the street, and one man is glad that Chinatown will be cleared out for good; another's chief solicitude is for Millet's 'Man with the Hoe.' 'They'll cut it out of the frame,' he says, a little anxiously. 'Sure.' But there is no doubt anywhere that San Francisco can be rebuilt, larger, better, and soon. Just as there would be none at all if all this New York that has so obsessed me with its limitless bigness was itself a blazing ruin. I believe these people would more than half like the situation."
The grander of citywide reconstruction schemes required investment from Eastern monetary sources, hence the spin and de-emphasis of the earthquake, the promulgation of the tough new building codes, and subsequent reputation sensitive actions such as the official low death toll. One of the more famous and ambitious plans came from famed urban planner Daniel Burnham. His bold plan called for, among other proposals, Haussmann-style avenues, boulevards, arterial thoroughfares that radiated across the city, a massive civic center complex with classical structures, and what would have been the largest urban park in the world, stretching from Twin Peaks to Lake Merced with a large atheneum at its peak. But this plan was dismissed at the time as impractical and unrealistic.
For example, real estate investors and other land owners were against the idea due to the large amount of land the city would have to purchase to realize such proposals. City fathers likewise attempted at the time to eliminate the Chinese population and export Chinatown (and other poor populations) to the edge of the county where the Chinese could still contribute to the local taxbase. The Chinese occupants had other ideas and prevailed instead. Chinatown was rebuilt in the newer, modern, Western form that exists today. The destruction of City Hall and the Hall of Records enabled thousands of Chinese immigrants to claim residency and citizenship, creating a backdoor to the Chinese Exclusion Act, and bring in their relatives from China.
While the original street grid was restored, many of Burnham's proposals inadvertently saw the light of day, such as a neoclassical civic center complex, wider streets, a preference of arterial thoroughfares, a subway under Market Street, a more people-friendly Fisherman's Wharf, and a monument to the city on Telegraph Hill, Coit Tower.
The earthquake was also responsible for the development of the Pacific Heights neighborhood. The immense power of the earthquake had destroyed almost all of the mansions on Nob Hill except for the Flood Mansion. Others that hadn't been destroyed were dynamited by the Army forces aiding the firefighting efforts in attempts to create firebreaks. As one indirect result, the wealthy looked westward where the land was cheap and relatively undeveloped, and where there were better views and a consistently warmer climate. Constructing new mansions without reclaiming and clearing old rubble simply sped attaining new homes in the tent city during the reconstruction. In the years after the first world war, the "money" on Nob Hill migrated to Pacific Heights, where it has remained to this day.
Reconstruction was swift, and largely completed by 1915, in time for the Panama-Pacific Exposition which celebrated the reconstruction of the city and its "rise from the ashes".
Since 1915, the city has officially commemorated the disaster each year by gathering the remaining survivors at Lotta's Fountain, a fountain in the city's financial district that served as a meeting point during the disaster for people to look for loved ones and exchange information.
International assistance and insurance payments.
During the first few days after news of the disaster reached the rest of the world, relief efforts reached over $5,000,000. London raised hundreds of thousands of dollars. Individual citizens and businesses donated large sums of money for the relief effort: Standard Oil gave $100,000; Andrew Carnegie gave $100,000; the Dominion of Canada made a special appropriation of $100,000 and even the Bank of Canada in Toronto gave $25,000. The U.S. government quickly voted for one million dollars in relief supplies which were immediately rushed to the area, including supplies for food kitchens and many thousands of tents that city dwellers would occupy the next several years. These relief efforts, however, were not nearly enough to get families on their feet again, and consequently the burden was placed on wealthier members of the city, who were reluctant to assist in the rebuilding of homes they were not responsible for. All residents were eligible for daily meals served from a number of communal soup kitchens and citizens as far away as Idaho and Utah were known to send daily loaves of bread to San Francisco as relief supplies were coordinated by the railroads.
Insurance companies, faced with staggering claims of $250 million, paid out between $235 million and $265 million on policyholders' claims, often for fire damage only, since shake damage from earthquakes was excluded from coverage under most policies. At least 137 insurance companies were directly involved and another 17 as reinsurers. Twenty companies went bankrupt, and most excluded shake damage claims. However, Lloyds of London reports having paid all claims in full, more than $50 million and the insurance companies in Hartford, Connecticut report also paying every claim in full, with the Hartford Fire Insurance Company paying over $11 million and Aetna Insurance Company almost $3 million.
The earthquake was the worst single incident for the insurance industry before the September 11, 2001 attacks, and the largest U.S. relief effort ever, to this day, including even Hurricane Katrina. After the 1906 earthquake, a global discussion arose concerning a legally flawless exclusion of the earthquake hazard from fire insurance contracts. It was pressed ahead mainly by re-insurers. Their aim was the globally uniform solution of the problem of earthquake hazard in fire insurance contracts. Until 1910, a few countries, especially in Europe, followed the call for an exclusion of the earthquake hazard from all fire insurance contracts. In the U.S., however, the question was discussed differently. But the traumatized public reacted with fierce opposition. On August 1, 1909, the California Senate enacted the California Standard Form of Fire Insurance Policy, which did not contain any earthquake clause. Thus the state decided that insurers would have to pay again if another earthquake was followed by fires. Other earthquake-endangered countries followed the California example. The insurance payments heavily affected the international financial system. Gold transfers from European insurance companies to policyholders in San Francisco led to a rise in interest rates, subsequently to a lack of available loans and finally to the Knickerbocker Trust Company crisis of October 1907 which led to the Panic of 1907.
Centennial commemorations.
The 1906 Centennial Alliance was set up as a clearing-house for various centennial events commemorating the earthquake. Award presentations, religious services, a National Geographic TV movie, a projection of fire onto the Coit Tower, memorials, and lectures were part of the commemorations. The USGS Earthquake Hazards Program issued a series of Internet documents, and the tourism industry promoted the 100th anniversary as well.
Eleven survivors of the 1906 earthquake attended the centennial commemorations in 2006, including Irma Mae Weule, who was the oldest survivor of the quake at the time of her death in 2008 at the age of 109. Vivian Illing (December 25, 1900 – January 22, 2009) was believed to be the second-oldest survivor at the time of her death, leaving Herbert Hamrol (January 10, 1903 – February 4, 2009) as the last known remaining survivor at the time of his death.
Shortly after Hamrol's death, however, two additional survivors were discovered. William Del Monte, 103, and Jeanette Scola Trapani (April 21, 1902 – December 28, 2009), 106, stated that they stopped attending events commemorating the earthquake when it became too much trouble for them. The discovery has opened up the possibility that there may still be more living survivors left that have not become public knowledge. Del Monte and another survivor, Rose Cliver, then 106, attended the earthquake reunion celebration on April 18, 2009, the 103rd anniversary of the earthquake. Cliver died in 2012 at the age of 109. Nancy Stoner Sage died at the age of 105 in Colorado just three days short of the 104th anniversary of the earthquake on April 18, 2010. Del Monte attended the event at Lotta's Fountain on April 18, 2010 and the dinner at John's Restaurant the night before.
Pebble Beach, California resident Ruth Newman, 112, is thought to be the oldest survivor and Bill Del Monte, 108, is thought to be the last male survivor following the death of 107-year-old George Quilici on May 31, 2012. Another survivor, Libra Armstrong (1903-), attended the 2006 anniversary, but was not heard from since.
The death of Winnie Hook on 11 June 2013 at the age of 107 leaves only two survivors of the 1906 San Francisco earthquake: Ruth Newman, 112, and William del Monte, 108.
Analysis.
For years, the epicenter of the quake was assumed to be near the town of Olema, in the Point Reyes area of Marin County, because of evidence of the degree of local earth displacement. In the 1960s, a seismologist at UC Berkeley proposed that the epicenter was more likely offshore of San Francisco, to the northwest of the Golden Gate. However, the most recent analysis by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) shows that the most likely epicenter was very near Mussel Rock on the coast of Daly City, an adjacent suburb just south of San Francisco. An offshore epicenter is supported by the occurrence of a local tsunami recorded by a tide gauge at the San Francisco Presidio; the wave had an amplitude of approximately 3 in (8 cm) and an approximate period of 4045 minutes.
The most important characteristic of the shaking intensity noted in Lawson's (1908) report was the clear correlation of intensity with underlying geologic conditions. Areas situated in sediment-filled valleys sustained stronger shaking than nearby bedrock sites, and the strongest shaking occurred in areas of former bay where earthquake liquefaction had occurred. Modern seismic-zonation practice accounts for the differences in seismic hazard posed by varying geologic conditions.
The USGS estimates that the earthquake measured a powerful 7.9 on the moment magnitude scale. The earthquake caused ruptures visible on the surface for a length of . Modified Mercalli Intensities of VII to IX paralleled the length of the rupture, extending as far as 80 kilometers inland from the fault trace.
Documentary film.
In 2005 the National Film Registry added "San Francisco Earthquake and Fire, April 18, 1906", a newsreel documentary made soon after the earthquake, to its list of American films worthy of preservation.

</doc>
<doc id="20110743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20110743" title="Muscodor">
Muscodor

Muscodor is a genus of fungi in the Xylariaceae family noted for their ability to produce a variety of volatile organic compounds, which inhibit growth of other fungi. The first species to be identified was "M. albus". Other known species include "M. roseus" and "M. vitigenus".
Known habitats of "Muscodor" species include Honduras, Venezuela, Thailand, and Australia's Northern Territory. Members of the genus are believed to prefer tropical or monsoonal rainforests as habitats; efforts made to find them in the temperate rainforests of southern Australia and southern Chile have been unsuccessful.

</doc>
<doc id="20110748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20110748" title="Pseudeustrotia candidula">
Pseudeustrotia candidula

The Shining Marbled "(Pseudeustrotia candidula)" is a moth of the family Noctuidae. The species can be found from Europe to Japan.
The wingspan is ca. 22 mm. The moths flies from May to September depending on the location.
The larvae feed on various plants, including Rumex acetosella and Polygonum bistorta.

</doc>
<doc id="20110751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20110751" title="Phil Spector">
Phil Spector

Phillip Harvey "Phil" Spector (born Harvey Phillip Spector, December 26, 1939) is an American record producer, songwriter, and the originator of the "Wall of Sound" production method. In later years, he gained infamy as the subject of a murder conviction.
Spector was a pioneer of the 1960s girl-group sound, and produced more than twenty-five Top 40 hits from 1960 to 1965, at the height of his career, writing or co-writing many of them. Among his famous girl groups were the Ronettes and the Crystals. Spector later worked with artists including Ike and Tina Turner, John Lennon and the Ramones with similar acclaim. He produced the Beatles' album "Let It Be", and the Grammy Award-winning "Concert for Bangladesh" by former Beatle George Harrison.
For his contributions to the music industry, Spector was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1989 as a nonperformer. In 1997, he was inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame. In 2004, "Rolling Stone" magazine ranked him #63 on their list of the "Greatest Artists of All Time". The 1965 song "You've Lost That Lovin' Feelin'", produced and co-written by Spector for the Righteous Brothers, is listed by BMI as the song with the most U.S. airplay in the 20th century.
In 2009, Spector was convicted of second-degree murder in the 2003 shooting death of actress Lana Clarkson in his Alhambra, California home. He is serving a prison sentence of 19 years to life.
Early childhood.
Spector was born on December 26, 1939, to a lower-middle-class Jewish family in the Bronx, New York City. His grandfather was an immigrant from Russia with the surname "Spekter", which he anglicized to "Spector" after immigrating. Spector's father committed suicide on April 20, 1949. In 1953, his mother moved the family to Los Angeles, California.
Recording career.
1954–59: Teenage performer and lyricist.
Having learned to play guitar, Spector performed "Rock Island Line" in a talent show at his high school Fairfax High School. While at Fairfax, he joined a loosely knit community of aspiring musicians, including Lou Adler, Bruce Johnston, Steve Douglas, and Sandy Nelson, the last of whom played drums on Spector's first record release, "To Know Him Is to Love Him".
With three friends from high school, Marshall Leib, Harvey Goldstein, and Annette Kleinbard, Spector formed a group, the Teddy Bears. During this period, record producer Stan Ross, coowner of Gold Star Studios in Hollywood, began to tutor Spector in record production and exerted a major influence on Spector's production style. In 1958, the Teddy Bears recorded the Spector-penned "Don't You Worry My Little Pet", which helped them secure a deal with Era Records. At their next session, they recorded another song Spector had written—this one inspired by the epitaph on Spector's father's tombstone. Released on Era's subsidiary label, Dore Records, "To Know Him Is to Love Him" reached #1 on "Billboard Hot 100" singles chart on December 1, 1958, selling over a million copies by year's end. It was the seventh number one single on the newly formed chart. Following the success of their debut, the group signed with Imperial Records. Their next single, "I Don't Need You Anymore", reached #91. They released several more recordings, including an album "The Teddy Bears Sing!", but failed to reach the top 100 in US sales; the group disbanded in 1959.
1960–66: Initial successes as a record producer.
After the split, Spector's career quickly moved from performing and songwriting to production. While recording the Teddy Bears' album, Spector had met Lester Sill, a former promotion man who was a mentor to Jerry Leiber and Mike Stoller. His next project, the Spectors Three, was undertaken under the aegis of Sill and his partner, Lee Hazlewood. In 1960, Sill arranged for Spector to work as an apprentice to Leiber and Stoller in New York. Ronnie Crawford would become Spector’s first true recording artist and project as producer. Spector quickly learned how to use a studio. He co-wrote the Ben E. King Top 10 hit "Spanish Harlem" with Jerry Leiber and also worked as a session musician, most notably playing the guitar solo on the Drifters' song, "On Broadway". His own productions during this time, while less conspicuous, included releases by LaVern Baker, Ruth Brown, and Billy Storm, as well as the Top Notes' original version of "Twist and Shout".
Leiber and Stoller recommended Spector to produce Ray Peterson's "Corrina, Corrina", which reached #9 in January 1961. Later, he produced another major hit for Curtis Lee, "Pretty Little Angel Eyes", which made it to #7. Returning to Hollywood, Spector agreed to produce one of Lester Sill's acts. After both Liberty Records and Capitol Records turned down the master of "Be My Boy" by the Paris Sisters, Sill formed a new label, Gregmark Records, with Lee Hazlewood and released it. It only managed to reach #56, but the follow-up, "I Love How You Love Me", was a hit, reaching #5. 
In late 1961, Spector formed a new record company with Lester Sill, who by this time had ended his business partnership with Hazlewood. Philles Records combined the names of its two founders. Through Hill and Range Publishers, Spector found three groups he wanted to produce: the Ducanes, the Creations, and the Crystals. The first two signed with other companies, but Spector managed to secure the Crystals for his new label. Their first single, "There's No Other (Like My Baby)" was a success, hitting #20. Their next release, "Uptown", made it to #13. (Spector's production of The Ducanes was issued on Goldisc and The Creations on Bigtop.)
Spector continued to work freelance with other artists. In 1962, he produced "Second Hand Love" by Connie Francis, which reached #7. In the early 1960s, he briefly worked with Atlantic Records' R&B artists Ruth Brown and LaVern Baker. Ahmet Ertegün of Atlantic paired Spector with future Broadway star Jean DuShon for "Talk to Me", the B-side of which was "Tired of Trying", written by DuShon.
Spector briefly took a job as head of A&R for Liberty Records. It was while working at Liberty that he heard a song written by Gene Pitney, for whom he had produced a #41 hit, "Every Breath I Take", a year earlier. "He's a Rebel" was due to be released on Liberty by Vikki Carr, but Spector rushed into Gold Star Studios and recorded a cover version using Darlene Love and the Blossoms on lead vocals. The record was released on Philles, attributed to the Crystals, and quickly rose to the top of the charts.
By the time "He's a Rebel" went to #1, Lester Sill was out of the company, and Spector had Philles all to himself. He created a new act, Bob B. Soxx & the Blue Jeans, featuring Darlene Love, Fanita James (a member of the Blossoms), and Bobby Sheen, a singer he had worked with at Liberty. The group had hits with "Zip-a-Dee-Doo-Dah" (#8), "Why Do Lovers Break Each Other’s Hearts?" (#38), and "Not Too Young To Get Married" (#63). Spector also released solo material by Darlene Love in 1963. In the same year, he released "Be My Baby" by the Ronettes, which went to #2.
The first time Spector put the same amount of effort into an LP as he did into 45s was when he utilized the full Philles roster and the Wrecking Crew to make what he felt would become a hit for the 1963 Christmas season. "A Christmas Gift for You from Philles Records" arrived in stores the day of the assassination of President Kennedy on November 22, 1963. Despite its initially poor reception, selections from the album are now Yuletide mainstays on radio stations, and the album has since been a regular seller during the holiday season. 
In 1964, The Ronettes appeared at the Cow Palace, near San Francisco. Also on the bill were The Righteous Brothers. Spector, who was conducting the band for all the acts, was so impressed with Bill Medley and Bobby Hatfield that he bought their contract from Moonglow Records and signed them to Philles. In early 1964, "You've Lost That Lovin' Feelin'", became the label's second #1 single. Three more major hits with the group followed: "Just Once in My Life" (#9), "Unchained Melody" (#4, originally the B side of "Hung On You") and "Ebb Tide" (#5). Despite having hits, he lost interest in producing the Righteous Brothers, and sold their contract and all their master recordings to Verve Records. However, the sound of the Righteous Brothers' singles was so distinctive that the act chose to replicate it after leaving Spector, notching a second #1 hit in 1966 with the Bill Medley-produced "(You're My) Soul and Inspiration".
The recording of "Unchained Melody", credited on some releases as a Spector production although Medley has consistently said he produced it originally as an album track, had a second wave of popularity 25 years after its initial release, when it was featured prominently in the 1990 hit movie "Ghost". A re-release of the single re-charted on the "Billboard" Hot 100, and went to number one on the Adult Contemporary charts. This also put Spector back on the U.S. Top 40 charts for the first time since his last appearance in 1971 with John Lennon's "Imagine", although he did have U.K. top 40 hits in the interim with the Ramones.
Spector's final signing to Philles was the husband-and-wife team of Ike and Tina Turner in 1966. Spector considered their recording of "River Deep – Mountain High", to be his best work, but it failed to go any higher than #88 in the United States. The single, which was essentially a solo Tina Turner record, was more successful in Britain, reaching #3. Spector subsequently lost enthusiasm for his label and the recording industry. Already something of a recluse, he withdrew temporarily from the public eye, marrying Veronica "Ronnie" Bennett, lead singer of the Ronettes, in 1968. Spector emerged briefly for a cameo as a drug dealer in the film "Easy Rider", in 1969. (Spector, in 1967, appeared as himself in an episode of "I Dream of Jeannie".)
1969–71: Comeback.
In 1969, Spector made a brief return to the music business by signing a production deal with A&M Records. A Ronettes single, "You Came, You Saw, You Conquered" flopped, but Spector returned to the Hot 100 with "Black Pearl", by Sonny Charles and the Checkmates, Ltd., which reached #13. In 1970, Allen Klein, manager of the Beatles, brought Spector to England. While producing John Lennon's hit solo single "Instant Karma!", which went to #3, Spector was invited by Lennon and George Harrison to take on the task of turning the Beatles' abandoned "Get Back" recording sessions into a usable album. He went to work using many of his production techniques, making significant changes to the arrangements and sound of some songs. 
The resulting album, "Let It Be", was a massive commercial success and topped the US and UK charts. The album also yielded the #1 US singles "The Long and Winding Road" and "Let It Be," the latter a UK #2 released two months ahead of the album; "Get Back", an international #1, was issued in 1969 right after the original "Get Back" sessions. His overdubbing of "The Long and Winding Road" infuriated its composer, Paul McCartney, especially since the work was allegedly completed without his knowledge and without any opportunity for him to assess the results. In 2003, McCartney spearheaded the release of "Let It Be... Naked", which stripped the songs of Spector's input. 
Lennon and George Harrison were satisfied with the results, and "Let It Be" led to Spector co-producing albums with both ex-Beatles. For Harrison's multiplatinum album "All Things Must Pass" (#1, 1970), Spector provided a cathedral-like sonic ambience, complete with ornate orchestrations and gospel-like choirs. The LP yielded two major hits: "My Sweet Lord" (#1) and "What Is Life" (#10). That same year, Spector co-produced John Lennon's "Plastic Ono Band" (#6) album. In 1971, Spector was named director of A&R for Apple Records. He held the post for only a year, but during that time he co-produced the single "Power to the People" with John Lennon (#11), as well as Lennon's chart-topping album, "Imagine". The album's title track hit #3. With Harrison, Spector co-produced Harrison's "Bangla-Desh" (a #23 hit) and wife Ronnie Spector's "Try Some, Buy Some" (#77). That same year Spector recorded the music for the #1 triple album "The Concert For Bangladesh". The album later won the "Album of the Year" award at the 1972 Grammys. Despite being recorded live, Spector used up to 44 microphones simultaneously to create his trademark Wall of Sound. 
Lennon retained Spector for the 1971 Christmas single "Happy Xmas (War Is Over)" and the poorly reviewed 1972 album, "Some Time In New York City" (#48). Similar to the unusual pattern of success that Spector's "A Christmas Gift for You from Philles Records" experienced, "Happy Xmas (War Is Over)" also stalled in sales upon its initial release, only later to become a fixture on radio station playlists during the holiday season. In 1973, Spector participated in the recording sessions for what would be Lennon's "Rock 'n' Roll" album (#6). It was during these sessions that Spector's relationship with Lennon became strained; some versions claim that the producer suffered a breakdown in the studio, brandishing a gun and disappearing with the "Rock 'n' Roll" tapes, although Spector biographer Dave Thompson places most of the blame on the out-of-control behavior of Lennon and his entourage. After several months, Lennon retrieved the tapes and finished the album himself. In the years following the debacle, however, Spector maintained contact with Lennon, and the former Beatle had planned on recording with him again.
1972–80: Near-fatal accident and aftermath.
As the 1970s progressed, Spector became increasingly reclusive. The most probable and significant reason for his withdrawal, recently revealed by biographer Dave Thompson, was that, in 1974, he was seriously injured when he was thrown through the windshield of his car in a crash in Hollywood. According to a contemporary report published in the "New Musical Express", Spector was almost killed, and it was only because the attending police officer detected a faint pulse that Spector was not declared dead at the scene. He was admitted to the UCLA Medical Center on the night of March 31, 1974, suffering serious head injuries which necessitated several hours of surgery with over 300 stitches to his face and more than 400 to the back of his head. His head injuries, Thompson suggests, were the reason that Spector began his habit of wearing outlandish wigs in later years.
The 1974 accident took place shortly after Spector had established the Warner-Spector label with Warner Bros. Records, which undertook new recordings with Dion, Cher, Harry Nilsson and others, as well as several reissues. A similar relationship with Britain's Polydor Records led to the formation of the Phil Spector International label in 1975.
After a pair of failed singles with Cher, Spector produced Dion's "Born to Be with You". The majority of Spector's classic Philles recordings had been out of print in the U.S. since the original label's demise, although Spector had released several Philles Records compilations in Britain. Finally, he released an American compilation of his Philles recordings in 1977, which put most of the better known Spector hits back into circulation after many years. 
Spector began to reemerge in the late 1970s, producing and co-writing a controversial 1977 album by Leonard Cohen, entitled "Death of a Ladies' Man". The album angered many devout Cohen fans who preferred his stark acoustic sound to the orchestral and choral wall of sound that the album contains. The recording of the album was fraught with difficulty. After Cohen had laid down practice vocal tracks, Spector reportedly mixed the album in "secret" studio sessions, literally locking Cohen, who usually took a strong role in the mixing, out of the studio. Cohen said Spector once threatened him with a crossbow, a claim, according to newspaper reports, others would make about their dealings with Spector. Cohen has remarked that the end result is "grotesque", but also "semi-virtuous"; he still includes a reworked version of the track "Memories" in live concerts. Bob Dylan and Allen Ginsberg also participated in the background vocals on "Don't Go Home with Your Hard-On", which is the second time Spector indirectly "produced" Dylan—the first being Dylan's live recordings on "The Concert for Bangladesh".
Spector also produced the much-publicized Ramones album "End of the Century" in 1979. As with his work with Leonard Cohen, "End of the Century" received criticism from Ramones fans who were angered over its radio-friendly sound. However, it contains some of the best known and most successful Ramones singles, such as "Rock 'n' Roll High School", "Do You Remember Rock 'n' Roll Radio?" and their cover of a previously released Spector song for the Ronettes, "Baby, I Love You." Guitarist Johnny Ramone later commented on working with Spector on the recording of the album, "It really worked when he got to a slower song like 'Danny Says'—the production really worked tremendously. For the harder stuff, it didn't work as well."
Rumors had circulated for years that Spector had threatened members of the Ramones with a gun during the sessions. Johnny Ramone remembered a meeting at Spector's home in which the producer became upset when they tried to leave. "And then he reaches into his jacket pocket and well, he pulls out a gun, puts it on the table right in front of us, and says, 'You guys don't really have to go yet, do you?'" Drummer Marky Ramone recalled in 2008, "They (guns) were there but he had a license to carry. He never held us hostage. We could have left at any time".
1981–present: Later years.
Spector remained inactive throughout most of the 1980s, 1990s, and early 2000s. He attempted to work with Céline Dion on her album "Falling Into You", but that fell through. His most recent released project has been "Silence Is Easy" by Starsailor, released in 2003. He was originally supposed to produce the entire album, but was fired owing to personal and creative differences—however, one of the two Spector-produced songs on the album was a UK top 10 single.
Spector produced singer-songwriter Hargo's track, "Crying For John Lennon", which originally appears on Hargo's 2006 album "In Your Eyes", but on a visit to Spector's mansion for an interview for the John Lennon tribute movie, "Strawberry Fields", Hargo played Spector the song and asked him to produce it. Spector and former Paul McCartney drummer Graham Ward produced it in the classic Wall of Sound style on nights after his first murder trial.
In December 2007, the song "B Boy Baby" by Mutya Buena and Amy Winehouse featured melodic and lyrical passages heavily influenced by the Ronettes song "Be My Baby". As a result, Spector was given a songwriting credit on the single. The sections from "Be My Baby" are sung by Winehouse, not directly sampled from the mono single. Winehouse referenced her admiration of Spector's work and often performed Spector's first hit song, "To Know Him Is to Love Him".
Also in December 2007, Spector attended the funeral of Ike Turner, whose former wife, Tina Turner, he previously produced in 1966 (only Tina was recorded, but the record label still read "Ike and Tina Turner"). While delivering a eulogy, Spector lashed out at Tina and stated that "Ike made Tina the jewel she was. When I went to see Ike play at the Cinegrill in the 90s...there were at least five Tina Turners on the stage performing that night, any one of them could have been Tina Turner." Spector lashed out at Oprah Winfrey for promoting Tina Turner's autobiography that "demonized and vilified Ike."
In mid-April 2008, BBC 2 broadcast a special entitled "Phil Spector: The Agony and The Ecstasy". It consists of Spector's first screen interview—breaking a long period of media silence. During the conversation, images from the murder court case are juxtaposed with live appearances of his tracks on television programs from the 1960s and 1970s, along with subtitles giving critical interpretation of some of his song production values. While he does not directly try to clear his name, the court case proceedings shown try to give further explanation of the facts surrounding the murder charges that were leveled against him. He also speaks about the musical instincts that led him to create some of his most enduring hit records, from "You've Lost That Lovin' Feelin'" to "River Deep, Mountain High", as well as the Beatles album "Let It Be", along with criticisms he feels he has had to deal with throughout his life.
Music styles.
Spector's early musical influences included Latin music in general, and Latin percussion in particular. This is keenly perceptible in many if not all of Spector's recordings, from the percussion in many of his hit songs: shakers, güiros (gourds) and maracas in "Be My Baby," and the son montuno in "You've Lost That Lovin' Feeling," heard clearly in the song's bridge played by session bassist Carol Kaye, while the same repeating refrain is played on harpsichord by keyboardist Larry Knechtel. Spector would visit Spanish Harlem clubs and schools to hone his listening and practical skills.
Spector's trademark during his recording career was the so-called Wall of Sound, a production technique yielding a dense, layered effect that reproduced well on AM radio and jukeboxes. To attain this signature sound, Spector gathered large groups of musicians (playing some instruments not generally used for ensemble playing, such as electric and acoustic guitars) playing orchestrated parts—often doubling and tripling many instruments playing in unison—for a fuller sound. Spector himself called his technique "a Wagnerian approach to rock & roll: little symphonies for the kids".
While Spector directed the overall sound of his recordings, he took a relatively hands-off approach to working with the musicians themselves (usually a core group that became known as the Wrecking Crew, including session players such as Hal Blaine, Larry Knechtel, Steve Douglas, Carol Kaye, Roy Caton, Glen Campbell, and Leon Russell), delegating arrangement duties to Jack Nitzsche and having Sonny Bono oversee the performances, viewing these two as his "lieutenants". Spector frequently used songs from songwriters employed at the Brill Building (Trio Music) and at 1650 Broadway (Aldon Music), such as the teams of Ellie Greenwich and Jeff Barry, Barry Mann and Cynthia Weil, and Gerry Goffin and Carole King. Spector often worked with the songwriters, receiving co-credit and publishing royalties for compositions.
Despite the trend towards multichannel recording, Spector was vehemently opposed to stereo releases, claiming that it took control of the record's sound away from the producer in favor of the listener. Spector was more concerned with the overall collage of sound than with the recording fidelity or timbral quality. Sometimes a pair of strings or horns would be double-tracked multiple times to sound like an entire string or horn section. But in the final product the background sometimes could not be distinguished as either horns or strings. Spector also greatly preferred singles to albums, describing LPs as "two hits and ten pieces of junk", reflecting both his commercial methods and those of many other producers at the time. 
Legacy.
Influence.
Many producers have tried to emulate Spector's methods, and Brian Wilson of the Beach Boys—a fellow adherent of mono recording—considered Spector his main competition as a studio artist, going so far as to name the acclaimed "Pet Sounds" album using Spector's initials. In the 1960s, Wilson thought of Spector as "…the single most influential producer. He's timeless. He makes a milestone whenever he goes into the studio." Wilson is said to have later stated "I was unable to really think as a producer until I really got familiar with Phil Spector's work." 
It's been reported by Wilson's children that during the 1970s, he would wake up every day to a vinyl record playback of "Be My Baby", it being his favorite song of all time. Speaking about his song "Good Vibrations" being voted number one in the "MOJO" 'Top 100 Records of All Time chart' in 1997, he stated, "I never thought in my mind that it would beat the Phil Spector stuff. I don't see how people could overlook 'Be My Baby' for example as a great record and vote for 'Good Vibrations'." Wilson's fascination with Spector's work has persisted for decades, with many different references to Spector and his work scattered around Wilson's songs with the Beach Boys and even his solo career. Of Spector-related productions, Wilson has been involved with covers of "Be My Baby", "Chapel of Love", "Just Once in My Life", "There's No Other (Like My Baby)", "Then He Kissed Me", "Talk to Me", "Why Don't They Let Us Fall In Love", "You've Lost That Lovin' Feeling", "Da Doo Ron Ron", and "This Could Be The Night". The lyrics of the song "Mona" from the Beach Boys' 1977 album "Love You" include the verses: ""Come on / Listen to 'Da Doo Ron Ron,' now / Listen to 'Be My Baby' / I know you're gonna love Phil Spector"".
Johnny Franz's mid-1960s productions for Dusty Springfield and The Walker Brothers also employed a layered, symphonic "Wall of Sound" arrangement-and-recording style, heavily influenced by the Spector sound. Anther example is The Forum, a studio project of Les Baxter, which produced a minor hit in 1967 with "River Is Wide". Sonny Bono, a former associate of Spector's, developed a jangly, guitar-laden variation on the Spector sound; heard mainly in mid-1960s productions for his then-wife Cher, notably "Bang Bang (My Baby Shot Me Down)".
Bruce Springsteen emulated the Wall of Sound technique in his recording of "Born to Run". In 1973, British band Wizzard, led by Roy Wood, had three Spector-influenced hits with "See My Baby Jive", "Angel Fingers" and "I Wish It Could Be Christmas Everyday", the latter becoming a perennial Christmas hit. Swedish pop group ABBA cited Spector as an influence, and used similar Wall of Sound techniques in their early songs, including "Ring Ring", "Waterloo", and "Dancing Queen". "You Took the Words Right Out of My Mouth", from Meat Loaf's 1977 "Bat Out of Hell" album is another example of the Wall of Sound technique. Jim Steinman and Todd Rundgren were inspired by Phil Spector's methods.
The Los Angeles-based New Wave band Wall of Voodoo takes their name from Spector's Wall of Sound.
Jason Pierce of Spiritualized has cited Spector as a major influence on his "Let It Come Down" album. Bobby Gillespie of Primal Scream and The Jesus and Mary Chain has enthused about Spector, with the song "Just Like Honey" opening with an homage of the famous "Be My Baby" drum intro.
Spector's influence is also felt in other areas of the world, especially Japan. City pop musicians Eiichi Ohtaki and Tatsuro Yamashita have both had numerous hit records heavily influenced by Spector and the Wall of Sound. Titular Shibuya-kei group Pizzicato Five also exuded the Wall of Sound in their early albums and singles.
Shoegazing, a British musical movement in the late 1980s to mid-1990s, was heavily influenced by the Wall of Sound.
In popular culture.
The character of Ronnie "Z-Man" Barzell in "Beyond the Valley of the Dolls", a 1970 Russ Meyer film, is based upon Spector, though neither Meyer nor screenwriter Roger Ebert had met him.
In Brian De Palma's film "Phantom of the Paradise" (1974), the villainous character Swan (played by Paul Williams) was supposedly inspired by Spector. A music producer and head of a record label, Swan was named "Spectre" in original drafts of the film's screenplay.
The character of Harv Stevens in the 2009 independent short film "A Reasonable Man" was reportedly based on Phil Spector. The film examines his relationship with John Lennon.
Accolades.
Spector is one of a handful of producers to have number one records in three consecutive decades (1950s, 60s and 70s). Others in this group include Quincy Jones (1960s, 70s and 80s), George Martin (1960s, 70s, 80s, and 90s), Michael Omartian (1970s, 80s and 90s), and Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis (1980s, 90s, and 2000s).
Murder of Lana Clarkson.
On February 3, 2003, actress Lana Clarkson was found dead in Spector's mansion (Dupuy's Pyrenees Castle) in Alhambra, California. Her body was found slumped in a chair with a single gunshot wound to her mouth with broken teeth scattered all over the carpet. Spector stated that Clarkson's death was an "accidental suicide" and that she "kissed the gun". The emergency call from Spector's home, made by Spector's driver, Adriano de Souza, quotes Spector as saying, "I think I've killed someone". De Souza added that he saw Spector come out the back door of the house with a gun in his hand.
According to documents filed by the prosecution, Spector had previously pulled a gun on four women he dated. In each case, he had been drinking and "was romantically interested in the woman, but grew angry after the woman spurned him". The prosecution alleged that on each occasion, he pointed a gun at the woman to prevent her from walking out. The prosecution argued that the testimony of the other women was important in order to demonstrate a "common plan or scheme". The defense sought to prevent the women from providing such testimony. Though the law in California and other states generally forbids the introduction of evidence showing a defendant's previous transgressions, the judge sided with the prosecutors and ruled that the testimony of the other women "can be used to show lack of accident or mistake".
First trial.
Spector remained free on $1 million bail while awaiting trial, which began on March 19, 2007. Presiding Judge Larry Paul Fidler allowed it to be televised. At the start of the trial, the defense's forensic expert Henry Lee was accused of hiding crucial evidence which the District Attorney's office claimed could prove Spector's guilt. On September 26, 2007, Judge Fidler declared a mistrial because of a hung jury (10 to 2 for conviction).
During the trial, defense expert Vincent DiMaio asserted that Spector may be suffering from Parkinson's disease, stating: "Look at Mr. Spector. He has Parkinson's features. He trembles".
Before and during the first trial, Spector went through at least three sets of attorneys. Defense attorney Robert Shapiro represented Spector at the arraignment and early pretrial hearings and achieved his release on $1 million bail. Bruce Cutler represented him during the 2007 trial, but withdrew on August 27, 2007, claiming "a difference of opinion between Mr. Spector and me on strategy". Attorney Linda Kenney Baden then became lead lawyer for closing arguments.
Second trial.
The retrial of Spector for murder in the second degree began on October 20, 2008, with Judge Fidler again presiding; this time it was not televised. The case went to the jury on March 26, 2009, and nineteen days later, on April 13, the jury returned a guilty verdict. In addition, he was found guilty of using a firearm in the commission of a crime. Spector was immediately taken into custody and was formally sentenced, on May 29, 2009, to 19 years to life in the California state prison system.
The California Court of Appeal affirmed Spector's conviction in May 2011 and denied his request for a rehearing of the appeal shortly thereafter. On August 17, 2011 the California Supreme Court declined to review the Court of Appeal's decision to affirm his conviction. (S193961 Petition for review denied.)
Spector's attorneys filed a petition pursuing judicial review of the conviction by the Supreme Court of the United States, arguing that his constitutional due process rights were violated when prosecutors used the trial judge's comments about an expert’s testimony, effectively making the judge a witness for the prosecution. Spector's attorney Dennis Riordan argued the constitutional right to confront witnesses did not permit the prosecution to introduce at trial a videotape of statements made by the judge at a pretrial hearing that never were subjected to cross examination. The Supreme Court declined to hear the appeal. 
Spector is currently serving his sentence at the California State Prison: California Health Care Facility (CHCF) in Stockton, California. He will be 88 years old before becoming eligible for parole.
Film inspired by the case.
"Phil Spector", a 2013 HBO film written and directed by David Mamet and starring Al Pacino as Spector and Dame Helen Mirren, depicted a fictionalized account of the murder and trials. The film drew criticism both from Clarkson's family and friends, who charged that the suicide defense was given more merit than it deserved, and from Spector's wife, who argued that Spector was portrayed as a "foul-mouthed megalomaniac" and a "minotaur". Lana Clarkson had played a bit part in "Scarface", which featured Pacino in the title role.
Personal life.
Spector's first marriage was to Annette Merar, lead vocalist of the Spectors Three, a 1960s pop trio formed and produced by Spector.
Spector's second marriage was to Veronica Bennett, later known as Ronnie Spector. Ronnie was the lead singer of the girl group, the Ronettes (another group Spector managed and produced). Their marriage lasted from 1968 to 1974.
On September 1, 2006, Spector married his third wife, Rachelle Short. Although there is a 41-year age difference, Short is quoted as saying "I like the way he looks." "He's boyish and cute, witty, smart and we are so much alike even though we are generations apart. We share common interests, a love of music, people, life, old films, a strong work ethic, even certain mannerisms." Spector met Short at a Hollywood restaurant in 2003, where she was working, shortly after his arrest in the shooting of Clarkson. Short (an aspiring singer) went to work for Spector's personal assistant, Michelle Blain, as her assistant. By the time they were married (Sept 2006), she was running his business. 
Adopted children:
Children with then-girlfriend Janis Zavala:
In December 2003, Donté and Gary Spector spoke to the "Mail" claiming they were abused as children. Donte Spector said: "For years, we were just caged animals to be let out for Dad's amusement".

</doc>
<doc id="20110766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20110766" title="Milestone Managers &amp; Providers">
Milestone Managers &amp; Providers

Founded in 2003, Milestone Providers, LLC, and Milestone Managers, LLC, were formed as life settlement provider and management companies for the life settlement market. Their main offices are located in Pennsylvania. 
Milestone is licensed as a life settlement provider in Arkansas, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Hawaii, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Louisiana, Maryland, Massachusetts, Mississippi, Montana, North Carolina, North Dakota, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Texas, and Virginia. 
Milestone is also able to transact business in the non-regulated states such as Alabama, Arizona, California, Idaho, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, New Hampshire, New Mexico, New York, Oregon, Rhode Island, South Carolina, South Dakota, Vermont, Washington, West Virginia, Wisconsin, and Wyoming and has been involved in pro-consumer regulation in a number of these states. 
While the focus of Milestone’s business activity is in the life settlement market, transactions involving viatical settlements have been considered where duly licensed.
History.
The founders of Milestone performed early market analysis beginning in 2002 by evaluating market trends and initiating discussions with potential institutional capital, relative to the alternative, uncorrelated and fixed-income nature of the asset class known as life settlements.
Milestone was established as limited liability companies in early 2004, and began acquiring life settlement and viatical provider licenses in regulated states at that time, while continuing their efforts of guiding institutional capital into the marketplace. Recognizing the need for greater efficiencies in the life settlement market, Milestone designed and built an efficient and scalable platform by which to trade and monitor life insurance policies.
Many institutional investors and pension funds have been attracted to life settlements [http://groups.google.com/group/misc.invest.stocks/browse_thread/thread/aae9f5ec32b3a10a/29d366c69c567ac9?lnk=raot]. Milestone facilitates purchase transactions for these institutional investors, including one of the worlds leading asset management groups.
Innovations.
Milestone is constantly examining the market to stay ahead of the curve. This has become evident as Milestone continues to set industry standards with their market innovations.
Interactive Purchasing Platform. Designed to provide greater transparency to institutions, and allow the investor to receive and track information on files as they are underwritten, this innovation has greatly shortened the life settlement process and provides a highly efficient means of market communication for the investor.
Full Transactional Transparency. Milestone requires full disclosure of all commissions in a life settlement transaction and was the first life settlement provider to do so. All transaction costs and expenses of the agent, broker and provider are disclosed to the seller at or before the time of settlement. In its November 13, 2008 daily newspaper, The Wall Street Journal stated that the life settlement industry has attracted criticism for high fees and the lack of transparency as the market grew very rapidly. Full disclosure is one of the most important things to consider when pursuing a life settlement [http://www.palmbeachdailynews.com/marketplace/content/specialsections/estateplanning/EP_011308_Marshall_Jones.html]
Small Policy Purchases. The “No Policy Left Behind” program was launched in 2006. This program allows consumers, agents, and brokers to submit smaller life insurance policies as lows as $50,000 for evaluation and purchase. Prior to this program, many senior policy owners of smaller policies had no other option than to surrender unwanted policies to the insurance carrier, or simply allow the policy lapse. 
Innovations to Pricing Models and Policy Evaluations. Milestone has developed a life settlement pricing model which implements a real return analysis, verses an internal rate of return analysis. This effective pricing model determines the purchase price based on discount rate applied to the purchase price and the funds used to pay the premiums. Pricing methodologies such as this align with the needs of the capital market.
Statistical Analysis. 
The life expectancy (LE) of the insured is the single most important component in the pricing of a life insurance policy to be sold as a life settlement. Milestone was one of the first life settlement providers to incorporate statistical analysis into its pricing models, reviewing actual to expected ratios of major life expectancy providers and comparing those values to those of their own analysis and review. The pricing sensitivity of life settlements can be extremely volatile compared to other asset classes due to the negative cash flows (premiums) associated with a life insurance policy. This is particularly true in the early years following policy purchase, or in the acquisitions stage of a portfolio of policies, where positive cash flows are traditionally not realized. Milestone was the first life settlement provider to statistically analyze the accuracy, and consistency, of life expectancy providers, and incorporate this data into its pricing models.
Actual to Expected Ratios of Life Expectancy Providers. Actual to Expected Ratios reported by a given life expectancy provider represent what the actual mortality experience is, or has been, relative to the analysis and prediction of the life expectancy provider. This value is an indication of the accuracy of the life expectancy determination and the mortality tables which the life expectancy provider uses, as well as the methodologies used in underwriting the health status of an individual. 
Using the statistical analysis of thousands of life expectancies and the reported Actual to Expected Ratios of several leading life expectancy providers, Milestone was the first to detect that there were severe discrepancies in the life expectancy estimates of several LE providers. These LE estimates by a majority of the industry were, on average, found to be too short. As a result, investor groups using these shorter estimates unknowingly extended higher offers for life insurance policies in the secondary market, thereby decreasing their own return on investment. 
Being mindful of these problems and recognizing that LE estimations were too short, Milestone made the requisite adjustments to their pricing model(s). In late 2008, several life expectancy providers revised their mortality tables, effectively lengthening their life expectancies, thereby confirming Milestone’s statistical analysis After these revisions, many secondary market purchasers which purchased life settlements using unadjusted life expectancy’s began to realize that write downs were imminent and that lower than expected returns were to be expected. This realization, coupled with the credit crunch, led to many market participants to pull their offers from the market, or exit the market altogether [http://www.milestonesettlements.com/downloads/Wall%20Street%20Journal%20-%20Cash%20For%20Seniors%20Is%20Drying%20Up.pdf. Having already recognized the problems with LE’s assumptions, and having pro-actively made the appropriate adjustments to their pricing model(s), Milestone remained in the market, and continues to be a leader in life settlements.
Outlook.
Milestone continues to channel capital from various institutional investor groups to this asset class. With the current state of the economy, many institutional funds are looking for alternative investment strategies outside of the traditional stock and bond markets. The life settlement market can offer a consistent 10-14% IRR if the appropriate pricing models are used along with accurate estimations of life expectancy and portfolio diversification [http://www.milestonesettlements.com/downloads/Franklin%20Templeton%20-%20Fixed%20Income%20Investment%20Insight.pdf]. 
Many third-party research firms including Conning Research and Lehman Brothers predict that the life settlement market will reach an estimated $160B in face amount being transacted annually within the next 10 years [http://www.conning.com/crcstore/PressReleases/100808.asp][http://www.milestonesettlements.com/downloads/Lehman%20Brothers%20Equity%20Research%20-%20Life%20Settlements.pdf]. Milestone is well positioned in the market and is poised for continued growth as the industry continues to mature.
References.
1. ^Page, Scott. "Time For A Second Look At Life Settlements." October 13, 2008.
2. ^Jones, R. Marshall. "Life Settlements: Essential Information To Know Before Selling Your Policy" Palm Beach Daily News January 13, 2008. 
3. ^Granieri, Vince. "21st Services Presentation: A/E Analysis and New Mortality Tables" September 9, 2008. 
4. ^Tergesen, Anne. "Cash For Seniors Is Drying Up." The Wall Street Journal November 13, 2008. 
5. ^Franklin Templeton Institutional "Franklin Templeton - Fixed Income Investment Insight" November 2006. 
6. ^Conning Research. "Strong Growth for Life Settlements in 2007 and Favorable Forecast through 2010" October 8, 2008. 
7. ^Berg, Eric N. and Michael J. Levy. "Lehman Brothers Equity Research - Life Settlements" November 17, 2005. 

</doc>
<doc id="20110778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20110778" title="Pemberton and Hightstown Railroad">
Pemberton and Hightstown Railroad

The Pemberton and Hightstown Railroad was a railroad in the U.S. state of New Jersey.
History.
The Pemberton and Hightstown Railroad was chartered in 1864 and completed in 1868; it linked the towns of Pemberton and Hightstown, a total of . Most of the stock was purchased by the Camden and Amboy Railroad, and as such they were the owners of the line. The line was first leased to the Camden and Amboy in 1868, then the PRR through its acquisitions. In 1888 the Union Transportation Company was created to run the line, and the lease was terminated with the PRR, although they still owned the line. In 1915, the PRR merged the Pemberton and Hightstown Railroad into the Pennsylvania and Atlantic Railroad, a holdings company which included other local lines. By 1942, the UT was unable to operate the line, and contracted with the PRR to run the daily operations again. Eventually the PennCentral ran the line until 1976, until the PC merged into Conrail. The Pemberton and Hightstown Railroad, and the Union Transportation Company as operator, was not to be included in Conrail, and thus was independent and on their own. The line lasted until 1977, when due to financial problems, they ceased to exist. The Monmouth County Park System opened a section of the Union Transportation Trail on the right-of-way on September 25, 2010.
Towns, stations, and facilities.
The line started in Pemberton, New Jersey, in 1868 where it had a connection with the Burlington and Camden County Railroad (1867). This gave them a connection to Mt. Holly and Camden.
The next stop it passed through was Shreve, which had a passenger shelter measuring , as well as a smaller milk shelter and platform..
Then Lewistown, where a wye and crossover allowed interchange with the Columbus, Kinkora, Springfield RR (1872). This would become the Kinkora Branch of the PRR many years later. There was a large freight house here, measuring , as well as Cattle Pen, and storage tracks just south of the wye.
Continuing on, the line ran through Wrightstown, which exploded during World War I when Fort Dix was built. This location had a big wire fence around the station grounds, with two milk platforms (one large, one small), large coal trestle, and a cattle pen. The Wrightstown freight station measured , while the passenger station measured .
The line would continue through Cookstown, which included a milk platform and cattle pen, and a passenger station, and a freight house.
In New Egypt the Union Transportation Company would set up its offices in 1888. New Egypt would house the shops, turntable, and water tower for the UT. The passenger station was the largest on the line, measuring , while the freight house measured . The UT's office building measured . The location had a cattle pen, the Engine house at , including a large coal trestle and a coal shed, with a locomotive coaling platform, engine pit, and a turntable.
Hornerstown would be next, which would also include a turntable. The passenger station was , as the freight house was . The complementary cattle pen and milk platform would be included.
Cream Ridge had a wire fence around the property, with a passenger station and freight house. The complementary cattle pen and nilk platform would be included.
Davis also had the cattle pen and milk platform, but only a passenger station, although larger at . This was considered a combination freight passenger station.
Imlaystown had a slightly smaller passenger station of , and a freight house of . Cattle pen included, but no milk platform listed.
Shrewsbury was listed as a stop, which only included a milk platform.
Sharon had the standard passenger station and freight station, with cattle pen and milk platform.
The last stop before Hightstown, Allens would only include a milk platform.
Hightstown was the final terminus, where they shared the station with the C&A.

</doc>
<doc id="20110800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20110800" title="Knoxville City-County Building">
Knoxville City-County Building

The Knoxville City-County Building is a building at 400 Main Street in Knoxville, Tennessee that houses the offices of the city government of Knoxville and the county government of Knox County, Tennessee. It also houses the Knox County Jail. The building stands ten stories, and contains of office space. At the time it was built it was said to be the largest office building in Tennessee.
The building was completed in 1979, 50 years after a combined city-county government building was first proposed. Businessman Jim Haslam is considered responsible for the success of the initiative to build it. The cost of the building was $26 million, much of it funded by municipal bond issues (the bonds were paid off in 2001). The building was designed by Knoxville architect Bruce McCarty and his firm, McCarty Bullock Holsaple.
Almost immediately after opening, the jail struggled with overcrowding issues. In 1986, a class action lawsuit was filed in federal court, claiming the jail was too crowded, and three years later, a judge ruled the facility unconstitutional. When the county failed to resolve the issue, the judge ruled the county in contempt of court, forcing the county to build a new facility, which opened in October 1994.
The building was plagued with security concerns due to bomb threats during the mid-1990s. Two mail bombs were delivered to Knox County District Attorney Randy Nichols in March 1994 and May 1994, respectively, forcing the building's evacuation. The building was again evacuated in November 1995, following a bomb threat.

</doc>
<doc id="20110807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20110807" title="Khandavalli">
Khandavalli

Khandavalli is a village in Peravali mandal in West Godavari district, Andhra Pradesh.
It is located close to the Godavari river. It was a Brahmin Agraharam.
Demographics.
According to Indian census, 2001, the demographic details of Khandavalli village is as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="20110820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20110820" title="Naming controversy">
Naming controversy

A naming controversy (naming dispute) is a controversy surrounding terminology:

</doc>
<doc id="20110824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20110824" title="Infinity">
Infinity

Infinity (symbol: ∞) is an abstract concept describing something "without any limit" and is relevant in a number of fields, predominantly mathematics and physics. The English word "infinity" derives from Latin "infinitas", meaning ""the state of being without finish"", and which can be translated as "unboundedness", itself calqued from the Greek word "apeiros", meaning "endless".
In mathematics, "infinity" is often treated as if it were a number (i.e., it counts or measures things: "an infinite number of terms") but it is not the same sort of number as the real numbers. In number systems incorporating infinitesimals, the reciprocal of an infinitesimal is an infinite number, i.e., a number greater than any real number. Georg Cantor formalized many ideas related to infinity and infinite sets during the late 19th and early 20th centuries. In the theory he developed, there are infinite sets of different sizes (called cardinalities). For example, the set of integers is countably infinite, while the infinite set of real numbers is uncountable.
History.
Ancient cultures had various ideas about the nature of infinity. The ancient Indians and Greeks did not define infinity in precise formalism as does modern mathematics, and instead approached infinity as a philosophical concept.
Early Greek.
The earliest recorded idea of infinity comes from Anaximander, a pre-Socratic Greek philosopher who lived in Miletus. He used the word apeiron which means infinite or limitless. However, the earliest attestable accounts of mathematical infinity come from Zeno of Elea (c. 490 BCE? – c. 430 BCE?), a pre-Socratic Greek philosopher of southern Italy and member of the Eleatic School founded by Parmenides. Aristotle called him the inventor of the dialectic. He is best known for his paradoxes, described by Bertrand Russell as "immeasurably subtle and profound".
In accordance with the traditional view of Aristotle, the Hellenistic Greeks generally preferred to distinguish the potential infinity from the actual infinity; for example, instead of saying that there are an infinity of primes, Euclid prefers instead to say that there are more prime numbers than contained in any given collection of prime numbers (Elements, Book IX, Proposition 20).
However, recent readings of the Archimedes Palimpsest have hinted that Archimedes at least had an intuition about actual infinite quantities.
Early Indian.
The Indian mathematical text Surya Prajnapti (c. 3rd–4th century BCE) classifies all numbers into three sets: enumerable, innumerable, and infinite. Each of these was further subdivided into three orders:
In the Indian work on the theory of sets, two basic types of infinite numbers are distinguished. On both physical and ontological grounds, a distinction was made between Asaṃkhyeya ("countless, innumerable") and "ananta" ("endless, unlimited"), between rigidly bounded and loosely bounded infinities.
Mathematics.
Infinity symbol.
The infinity symbol formula_1 (sometimes called the lemniscate) is a mathematical symbol representing the concept of infinity. The symbol is encoded in Unicode at and in LaTeX as codice_1.
It was introduced in 1655 by John Wallis, and, since its introduction, has also been used outside mathematics in modern mysticism and literary symbology.
Calculus.
Leibniz, one of the co-inventors of infinitesimal calculus, speculated widely about infinite numbers and their use in mathematics. To Leibniz, both infinitesimals and infinite quantities were ideal entities, not of the same nature as appreciable quantities, but enjoying the same properties.
Real analysis.
In real analysis, the symbol formula_1, called "infinity", is used to denote an unbounded limit. formula_3 means that "x" grows without bound, and formula_4 means the value of "x" is decreasing without bound. If "f"("t") ≥ 0 for every "t", then
Infinity is also used to describe infinite series:
Infinity can be used not only to define a limit but as a value in the extended real number system. Points labeled formula_14 and formula_15 can be added to the topological space of the real numbers, producing the two-point compactification of the real numbers. Adding algebraic properties to this gives us the extended real numbers . We can also treat formula_14 and formula_15 as the same, leading to the one-point compactification of the real numbers, which is the real projective line. Projective geometry also refers to a line at infinity in plane geometry, a plane at infinity in three-dimensional space, and so forth for higher dimensions.
Complex analysis.
As in real analysis, in complex analysis the symbol formula_1, called "infinity", denotes an unsigned infinite limit. formula_3 means that the magnitude formula_20 of "x" grows beyond any assigned value. A point labeled formula_1 can be added to the complex plane as a topological space giving the one-point compactification of the complex plane. When this is done, the resulting space is a one-dimensional complex manifold, or Riemann surface, called the extended complex plane or the Riemann sphere. Arithmetic operations similar to those given above for the extended real numbers can also be defined, though there is no distinction in the signs (therefore one exception is that infinity cannot be added to itself). On the other hand, this kind of infinity enables division by zero, namely formula_22 for any nonzero complex number "z". In this context it is often useful to consider meromorphic functions as maps into the Riemann sphere taking the value of formula_1 at the poles. The domain of a complex-valued function may be extended to include the point at infinity as well. One important example of such functions is the group of Möbius transformations.
Nonstandard analysis.
The original formulation of infinitesimal calculus by Isaac Newton and Gottfried Leibniz used infinitesimal quantities. In the twentieth century, it was shown that this treatment could be put on a rigorous footing through various logical systems, including smooth infinitesimal analysis and nonstandard analysis. In the latter, infinitesimals are invertible, and their inverses are infinite numbers. The infinities in this sense are part of a hyperreal field; there is no equivalence between them as with the Cantorian transfinites. For example, if H is an infinite number, then H + H = 2H and H + 1 are distinct infinite numbers. This approach to non-standard calculus is fully developed in .
Set theory.
A different form of "infinity" are the ordinal and cardinal infinities of set theory. Georg Cantor developed a system of transfinite numbers, in which the first transfinite cardinal is aleph-null formula_24, the cardinality of the set of natural numbers. This modern mathematical conception of the quantitative infinite developed in the late nineteenth century from work by Cantor, Gottlob Frege, Richard Dedekind and others, using the idea of collections, or sets.
Dedekind's approach was essentially to adopt the idea of one-to-one correspondence as a standard for comparing the size of sets, and to reject the view of Galileo (which derived from Euclid) that the whole cannot be the same size as the part. An infinite set can simply be defined as one having the same size as at least one of its proper parts; this notion of infinity is called Dedekind infinite. The diagram gives an example: viewing lines as infinite sets of points, the left half of the lower blue line can be mapped in a one-to-one manner (green correspondences) to the higher blue line, and, in turn, to the whole lower blue line (red correspondences); therefore the whole lower blue line and its left half have the same cardinality, i.e. "size".
Cantor defined two kinds of infinite numbers: ordinal numbers and cardinal numbers. Ordinal numbers may be identified with well-ordered sets, or counting carried on to any stopping point, including points after an infinite number have already been counted. Generalizing finite and the ordinary infinite sequences which are maps from the positive integers leads to mappings from ordinal numbers, and transfinite sequences. Cardinal numbers define the size of sets, meaning how many members they contain, and can be standardized by choosing the first ordinal number of a certain size to represent the cardinal number of that size. The smallest ordinal infinity is that of the positive integers, and any set which has the cardinality of the integers is countably infinite. If a set is too large to be put in one to one correspondence with the positive integers, it is called "uncountable". Cantor's views prevailed and modern mathematics accepts actual infinity. Certain extended number systems, such as the hyperreal numbers, incorporate the ordinary (finite) numbers and infinite numbers of different sizes.
Cardinality of the continuum.
One of Cantor's most important results was that the cardinality of the continuum formula_25 is greater than that of the natural numbers formula_26; that is, there are more real numbers R than natural numbers N. Namely, Cantor showed that formula_27 (see Cantor's diagonal argument or Cantor's first uncountability proof).
The continuum hypothesis states that there is no cardinal number between the cardinality of the reals and the cardinality of the natural numbers, that is, formula_28 (see Beth one). However, this hypothesis can neither be proved nor disproved within the widely accepted Zermelo–Fraenkel set theory, even assuming the Axiom of Choice.
Cardinal arithmetic can be used to show not only that the number of points in a real number line is equal to the number of points in any segment of that line, but that this is equal to the number of points on a plane and, indeed, in any finite-dimensional space.
The first of these results is apparent by considering, for instance, the tangent function, which provides a one-to-one correspondence between the interval (−π/2, π/2) and R (see also Hilbert's paradox of the Grand Hotel). The second result was proved by Cantor in 1878, but only became intuitively apparent in 1890, when Giuseppe Peano introduced the space-filling curves, curved lines that twist and turn enough to fill the whole of any square, or cube, or hypercube, or finite-dimensional space. These curves can be used to define a one-to-one correspondence between the points in the side of a square and those in the square.
Geometry and topology.
Infinite-dimensional spaces are widely used in geometry and topology, particularly as classifying spaces, notably Eilenberg−MacLane spaces. Common examples are the infinite-dimensional complex projective space K(Z,2) and the infinite-dimensional real projective space K(Z/2Z,1).
Fractals.
The structure of a fractal object is reiterated in its magnifications. Fractals can be magnified indefinitely without losing their structure and becoming "smooth"; they have infinite perimeters—some with infinite, and others with finite surface areas. One such fractal curve with an infinite perimeter and finite surface area is the Koch snowflake.
Mathematics without infinity.
Leopold Kronecker was skeptical of the notion of infinity and how his fellow mathematicians were using it in 1870s and 1880s. This skepticism was developed in the philosophy of mathematics called finitism, an extreme form of the philosophical and mathematical schools of constructivism and intuitionism.
Physics.
In physics, approximations of real numbers are used for continuous measurements and natural numbers are used for discrete measurements (i.e. counting). It is therefore assumed by physicists that no measurable quantity could have an infinite value, for instance by taking an infinite value in an extended real number system, or by requiring the counting of an infinite number of events. It is for example presumed impossible for any body to have infinite mass or infinite energy. Concepts of infinite things such as an infinite plane wave exist, but there are no experimental means to generate them.
Theoretical applications of physical infinity.
The practice of refusing infinite values for measurable quantities does not come from "a priori" or ideological motivations, but rather from more methodological and pragmatic motivations. One of the needs of any physical and scientific theory is to give usable formulas that correspond to or at least approximate reality. As an example if any object of infinite gravitational mass were to exist, any usage of the formula to calculate the gravitational force would lead to an infinite result, which would be of no benefit since the result would be always the same regardless of the position and the mass of the other object. The formula would be useful neither to compute the force between two objects of finite mass nor to compute their motions. If an infinite mass object were to exist, any object of finite mass would be attracted with infinite force (and hence acceleration) by the infinite mass object, which is not what we can observe in reality. Sometimes infinite result of a physical quantity may mean that the theory being used to compute the result may be approaching the point where it fails. This may help to indicate the limitations of a theory.
This point of view does not mean that infinity cannot be used in physics. For convenience's sake, calculations, equations, theories and approximations often use infinite series, unbounded functions, etc., and may involve infinite quantities. Physicists however require that the end result be physically meaningful. In quantum field theory infinities arise which need to be interpreted in such a way as to lead to a physically meaningful result, a process called renormalization.
However, there are some theoretical circumstances where the end result is infinity. One example is the singularity in the description of black holes. Some solutions of the equations of the general theory of relativity allow for finite mass distributions of zero size, and thus infinite density. This is an example of what is called a mathematical singularity, or a point where a physical theory breaks down. This does not necessarily mean that physical infinities exist; it may mean simply that the theory is incapable of describing the situation properly. Two other examples occur in inverse-square force laws of the gravitational force equation of Newtonian gravity and Coulomb's law of electrostatics. At r=0 these equations evaluate to infinities.
Cosmology.
In 1584, the Italian philosopher and astronomer Giordano Bruno proposed an unbounded universe in "On the Infinite Universe and Worlds": "Innumerable suns exist; innumerable earths revolve around these suns in a manner similar to the way the seven planets revolve around our sun. Living beings inhabit these worlds."
Cosmologists have long sought to discover whether infinity exists in our physical universe: Are there an infinite number of stars? Does the universe have infinite volume? Does space "go on forever"? This is an open question of cosmology. Note that the question of being infinite is logically separate from the question of having boundaries. The two-dimensional surface of the Earth, for example, is finite, yet has no edge. By travelling in a straight line one will eventually return to the exact spot one started from. The universe, at least in principle, might have a similar topology. If so, one might eventually return to one's starting point after travelling in a straight line through the universe for long enough.
If, on the other hand, the universe were not curved like a sphere but had a flat topology, it could be both unbounded and infinite. The curvature of the universe can be measured through multipole moments in the spectrum of the cosmic background radiation. As to date, analysis of the radiation patterns recorded by the WMAP spacecraft hints that the universe has a flat topology. This would be consistent with an infinite physical universe. The Planck spacecraft launched in 2009 is expected to record the cosmic background radiation with 10 times higher precision, and will give more insight into the question of whether the universe is infinite or not.
The concept of infinity also extends to the multiverse hypothesis, which, when explained by astrophysicists such as Michio Kaku, posits that there are an infinite number and variety of universes.
Logic.
In logic an infinite regress argument is "a distinctively philosophical kind of argument purporting to show that a thesis is defective because it generates an infinite series when either (form A) no such series exists or (form B) were it to exist, the thesis would lack the role (e.g., of justification) that it is supposed to play."
Computing.
The IEEE floating-point standard (IEEE 754) specifies the positive and negative infinity values. These are defined as the result of arithmetic overflow, division by zero, and other exceptional operations.
Some programming languages, such as Java and J, allow the programmer an explicit access to the positive and negative infinity values as language constants. These can be used as greatest and least elements, as they compare (respectively) greater than or less than all other values. They are useful as sentinel values in algorithms involving sorting, searching, or windowing.
In languages that do not have greatest and least elements, but do allow overloading of relational operators, it is possible for a programmer to "create" the greatest and least elements. In languages that do not provide explicit access to such values from the initial state of the program, but do implement the floating point data type, the infinity values might still be accessible and usable as the result of certain operations.
Arts and cognitive sciences.
Perspective artwork utilizes the concept of imaginary vanishing points, or points at infinity, located at an infinite distance from the observer. This allows artists to create paintings that realistically render space, distances, and forms. Artist M. C. Escher is specifically known for employing the concept of infinity in his work in this and other ways.
Cognitive scientist George Lakoff considers the concept of infinity in mathematics and the sciences as a metaphor. This perspective is based on the basic metaphor of infinity (BMI), defined as the ever-increasing sequence <1,2,3...>.
The symbol is often used romantically to represent eternal love. Several types of jewelry are fashioned into the infinity shape for this purpose.

</doc>
<doc id="20110829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20110829" title="The Beautiful Music">
The Beautiful Music

The Beautiful Music (TBM) is a Canadian record label started in 2002 by Wally Salem, specializing in indie pop. Acts include Skytone, Nick Danger & the Danger City Rebels, The Mules, Jeremy Gluck, Dot Dash, The Higher Elevations and The Social Icons. 
TBM has gained popularity since 2004 as the label that is releasing a ten volume tribute series to the Television Personalities.
Articles on the TVP Tribute Series
Detour Magazine
[http://detour-mag.com/assets/2007/08/08/various-artists-i-would-write-a-thousand-words-a-tribute-to-the-television-personalities-vol-2-beautiful-music-2007/]
Stylus Magazine
[http://www.stylusmagazine.com/reviews/various-artists/i-would-write-a-thousand-words-a-tribute-to-television-personalities-volume-two.htm]
HIPCRANK Magazine
[http://hipcrank.com/spinsummer07.html#I%20WOULD%20WRITE%20A%20THOUSAND%20WORDS]
Discography/Catalogue.
Tremolo - All My Friends EP 2002
Nick Danger & the Danger City Rebels - The Return of Nick Danger EP 2003 [http://www.televisionpersonalities.co.uk/newsarch.htm]
The Mules - Live At The Old Town Hall 2004
Into the Jet Stream of Pop - An International Pop Compilation 2004 [http://www.koolkatmusik.com/showproduct.aspx?Productid=3916&Sectionid=1]
If I Could Write Poetry - A Tribute to the Television Personalities 2004
[http://www.ink19.com/issues/january2008/musicReviews/musicI/ifICouldWritePoetry.html]
The Higher Elevations - Lovestruck EP 2004
Skytone - Echoes in All Directions LP 2005
[http://www.notlame.com/CDSKYTONE1.html]
Someone to Share My Life With LP Vinyl - The Alternate Tribute to the Television Personalities 2005 (split release with Art Pop Records)
Nick Danger & the Danger City Rebels - Escape from Danger City EP 2006
Would Write a Thousand Words - A Tribute to the Television Personalities Vol. 2 2007
[http://www.indiepedia.de/index.php/The_Television_Personalities]
Jeremy Gluck - This Is 2008 The Barracudas
Armstrong - Songs About the Weather 2009 
The Social Icons - I'm there...you're here 2010 
Dot Dash - Spark>Flame>Ember>Ash 2011
Dot Dash - Winter Garden Light 2012

</doc>
<doc id="20110848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20110848" title="1973–74 New York Knicks season">
1973–74 New York Knicks season

The 1973–74 New York Knicks season was the 28th season for the team in the National Basketball Association (NBA). In the regular season, the Knicks finished in second place in the Atlantic Division with a 49–33 record, and qualified for the NBA Playoffs for the eighth consecutive year.
New York, which won the 1972–73 NBA championship, opened the 1974 playoffs against the Capital Bullets. With a 4–3 series victory, the Knicks advanced to the Eastern Conference Finals, where they faced the Boston Celtics. The Celtics, who later won the NBA Finals, defeated the Knicks in five games, ending New York's title defense.
Draft picks.
"Note:" This is not an extensive list; it only covers the first and second rounds, and any other players picked by the franchise that played at least one game in the league.

</doc>
<doc id="20110850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20110850" title="1991–92 Asian Cup Winners' Cup">
1991–92 Asian Cup Winners' Cup

The winners of the 1991–92 Asian Cup Winners' Cup, the association football competition run by the Asian Football Confederation, are listed below.
First round.
East Asia.
1 "Pupuk Kaltim entered as Indonesian league runners-up 1990 as the 1990/92 league had not yet finished" <br>
2 "South Korean representatives withdrew"
Quarterfinals.
1 "Sinugba withdrew before 1st leg"

</doc>
<doc id="20110864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20110864" title="Serpentine fibula-polycystic kidney syndrome">
Serpentine fibula-polycystic kidney syndrome

Exner syndrome, also known as "serpentine fibula polycystic kidney syndrome", is a rare disorder, typified by the afflicted person having oddly formed, s-shaped fibulas as well as the development of numerous cysts in the kidneys.
Overview.
The syndrome was discovered in June, 1988 by Dr. G. Exner, a researcher at Orthopädische Universitätsklinik Balgrist in Zurich, Switzerland. Exner officially named the disorder serpentine fibula polycystic kidney syndrome, but the term "Exner syndrome" became more prevalent. While some research links it to other, related disorders, most research suggests that Exner syndrome is very distinct.
Symptoms.
All of the following are usual elements of the syndrome:
Diagnosis.
Exner syndrome is sometimes misdiagnosed as interstitial cystitis in its very early stages, but once the fibula begins to malform, Exner is the only real diagnosis.

</doc>
<doc id="20110871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20110871" title="The Mardi Gras Mystery">
The Mardi Gras Mystery

The Mardi Gras Mystery is the 81st book in the Nancy Drew series. Set in New Orleans at Mardi Gras, it concerns a mysterious art theft.
Plot summary.
In "The Mardi Gras Mystery", Nancy's boyfriend, Ned Nickerson, is invited to spend the vacation with Brian Seaton, an Emerson College friend. On their way to the Seaton Mansion, Brian stops at Warren Tyler's house to pick up his father, Bartholomew Seaton, and at the same time shows Ned a portrait of his late mother, Danielle Seaton, by the famous artist Lucien Beaulieu. The painting is in the possession of Mr. Tyler since he found it in a barn he bought.
The friends leave for Seaton Mansion or "The Bat Hallow". They wear fancy dress for the Mardi Gras celebration. Later that evening they go to the Silver Yacht Club. That night the portrait is stolen. The prime suspect is Mr. Seaton, who is supposed to have wanted his wife's portrait. All the evidence points to him: he was wearing a bat costume, like the thief, and he was missing at the crucial time, around 10:00 p.m.
Nancy cannot resist the challenge of the mystery. Her investigation leads to the French Quarter where she sees a woman who looks like Danielle except that her face is scarred. She is shocked and hypothesizes that Danielle could have survived the sailboat accident.
Later she finds out the woman is Mariel Devereaux, whose father Max is an art forger. Nancy concludes that Max used his daughter as a model for the painting because of her almost perfect resemblance to Danielle. He purposely left it in the barn so that it would be found by Mr. Tyler, Danielle's suitor and Bartholomew's rival. His plan was to steal his own painting and ransom it for a million dollars. The money was to pay for his daughter's plastic surgery.

</doc>
<doc id="20110874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20110874" title="Reference">
Reference

Reference is a relation between objects in which one object designates, or acts as a means by which to connect to or link to, another object. The first object in this relation is said to refer to the second object. The second object – the one to which the first object refers – is called the referent of the first object.
The term "reference" is used in many spheres of human knowledge, adopting shades of meaning particular to the contexts in which it is used.
References can take on many forms, including: a thought, a sensory perception that is audible (onomatopoeia), visual (text), olfactory, or tactile, emotional state, relationship with other, spacetime coordinate, symbolic or alpha-numeric, a physical object or an energy projection; but, other concrete and abstract contexts exist as methods of defining references within the scope of the various fields that require an origin, point of departure, or an original form. This includes methods that intentionally hide the reference from some observers, as in cryptography.
The following sections give specific usages of "reference" in different subjects.
Etymology.
The word reference is derived from Middle English "referren", from Middle French "référer", from Latin "referre", "to carry back", formed from the prefix "re"- and "ferre", "to bear". A large number of words derive from this root, including referee, referent, referendum, all retaining the basic meaning of the original Latin as "a point, place or source of origin" in terms of which something of comparable nature can be defined. A referee is the provider of this source of origin, and a referent is the possessor of the source of origin, whether it is knowledge, matter or energy.
Computer science.
In computer science, references are data types that refer to an object elsewhere in memory and are used to construct a wide variety of data structures, such as linked lists. Generally, a reference is a value that enables a program to directly access the particular data item. Most programming languages support some form of reference.
The C++ programming language has a specific type of reference also referred to as a "reference"; see reference (C++).
The notion of reference is also important in relational database theory; see referential integrity.
Bibliographies.
Bibliographies are special reference works that are used to identify as many published works on a given subject as possible, and serve as compilations for other authors or researchers.
Library and information sciences.
In a library, "reference" may refer to a dictionary, an encyclopedia or other reference work, that contains many brief articles that cover a broad scope of knowledge in one book, or a set of books. However, the word "reference" is also used to mean a book that cannot be taken from the room, or from the building. Many of the books in the "reference department" of a library are reference works, but some are books that are simply too large or valuable to loan out. Conversely, selected reference works may be shelved with other circulating books, and may be loaned out.
References to many types of printed matter may come in an electronic or machine-readable form. For books, there exists the ISBN and for journal articles, the Digital object identifier (DOI) is gaining relevance. Information on the Internet may be referred to by a Uniform Resource Identifier (URI).
Librarians also conduct reference interviews at the library reference desks, to help people find the information they seek. Help may also be available outside the library though virtual reference and digital reference services.
Encyclopedias & books of facts.
Some published sources are produced as reference works that allow quick access to essential information about given subjects, sometimes compiled as topical collections, and sometimes as general collections of entries.
Psychology.
In terms of mental processing, a self-reference is used in psychology to establish identification with a mental state during self-analysis. This seeks to allow the individual to develop own frames of reference in a greater state of immediate awareness. However, it can laso lead to circular reasoning, preventing evolution of thought.
Economics and business.
In the labour market, potential employers often ask job applicants for references or recommendations, so that their suitability can be verified independently. The references can be a written letter, but are often just a contact telephone number. Employers can ask for professional references, which are from former employers, or for character references, which are from people of distinction such as doctors or teachers. The source of the reference must be well known to the applicant and able to vouch for their abilities during employment.
In business administration, terms of reference describe the purpose and structure of a project, committee, meeting, negotiation, or any similar collection of people who have agreed to work together to accomplish a shared goal. The terms of reference of a project are often referred to as the project charter.
In business marketing and public procurement and tenders references are often used within the field of engineering, consultancy, industry and construction contracts. References are used to examine a company's ability to deliver the required level of service. Very often bigger companies will have hundreds or even thousands of references and will often try to categorize and manage them with reference management software.
Education.
In academics and scholarship, an author-title-date information in bibliographies and footnotes, specifying complete works of other people. Copying of material by another author without proper citation or without required permissions is plagiarism.
Keeping a diary allows an individual to use references for personal organization, whether or not anyone else understands the systems of reference used. However, scholars have studied methods of reference because of their key role in communication and co-operation between "different" people, and also because of misunderstandings that can arise. Modern academic study of reference has been developing since the 19th Century.
In scholarship, a reference may be a citation of a text that has been used in the creation of a piece of work such as an essay, report, or oration. Its primary purpose is to allow people who read such work to examine the author's sources, either for validity or to learn more about the subject. Such items are often listed at the end of an article or book in a section marked "Bibliography" or "References". A bibliographical section often contains works not cited by the author, but used as background reading or listed as potentially useful to the reader. A reference section contains all of the works and only those works cited by the author(s) in the main text.
Law.
In law, references are documents or people providing "witness to character". This connotation is also used in employment.
In patent law, a reference is a document that can be used to show the state of knowledge at a given time and that therefore may make a claimed invention obvious or anticipated. Examples of references are patents of any country, magazine articles, Ph.D. theses that are indexed and thus accessible to those interested in finding information about the subject matter, and to some extent Internet material that is similarly accessible.
In Canadian law, a reference question is a procedure through which the government can submit legal questions to the Supreme Court of Canada and provincial governments to the provincial courts of appeal.
Semantics.
In semantics, reference is generally construed as the relationships between nouns or pronouns and objects that are named by them. Hence, the word "John" refers to John. The word "it" refers to some previously specified object. The object referred to is called the "referent" of the word. Sometimes the word-object relation is called "denotation"; the word denotes the object. The converse relation, the relation from object to word, is called "exemplification"; the object exemplifies what the word denotes. In syntactic analysis, if a word refers to a previous word, the previous word is called the "antecedent".
Meaning.
Gottlob Frege argued that reference cannot be treated as identical with meaning: "Hesperus" (an ancient Greek name for the evening star) and "Phosphorus" (an ancient Greek name for the morning star) both refer to Venus, but the astronomical fact that '"Hesperus" is "Phosphorus"' can still be informative, even if the "meanings" of "Hesperus" and "Phosphorus" are already known. This problem led Frege to distinguish between the sense and reference of a word. Some cases seem to be too complicated to be classified within this framework; the acceptance of the notion of secondary reference may be necessary to fill the gap.
Absent referent.
Words can often be meaningful without having a concrete here-and-now referent. Fictional and mythological names such as "Bo-Peep" and "Hercules" illustrate this possibility. Sign links with absent referents also allow for discussing abstract ideas ("love," "peace") as well as people and events of the past and future.
For those who argue that one cannot directly experience the divine (e.g. God), the sign "God" can serve as an example of a reference with an absent referent. Additionally, certain sects of Judaism and other religions consider it sinful to write, discard, or deface the name of the divine. To avoid this problem, the signifier G-d is sometimes used, though this could be seen as a sign that refers to another sign with an absent referent.
Linguistic sign.
The very concept of the linguistic sign is the combination of content and expression, the former of which may refer entities in the world or refer more abstract concepts, e.g. thought.
Certain parts of speech exist only to express reference, namely anaphora such as pronouns. The subset of reflexives expresses co-reference of two participants in a sentence. These could be the agent (actor) and patient (acted on), as in "The man washed himself", the theme and recipient, as in "I showed Mary to herself", or various other possible combinations.
Mathematics.
In mathematics, the absent referent can be seen with the symbol for zero, "0" or the empty set, "{ }".
A reference point in Geometry is a location used to describe another point, by giving the relative position. Similarly there is the concept of frame of reference (both in physics and figuratively) and benchmark (in surveying and figuratively).
Engineering.
In engineering a reference design is often used during the pre-production phase of design development to test design features against original specifications.
Arts.
In Art, a reference is an item from which a work is based. This may include:
Another example of reference is samples of various musical works being incorporated into a new one.
Literature and rhetoric.
In academic literature, a reference is a previously published written work within academic publishing that has been used as a source for theory or claims referred to that are used in the text. References contain complete bibliographic information so the interested reader can find them in a library. References can be added either at the end of the publication or as footnotes.
In publishing, a reference is "citation" of a work, in a footnote, from which an idea was taken.

</doc>
<doc id="20110876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20110876" title="Ziggy Rozalski">
Ziggy Rozalski

Ziggy Rozalski (born 1958) is a Polish American boxing manager and promoter. He represents Polish boxers Andrzej Gołota and Tomasz Adamek.
He is a godfather of Tomasz Adamek.
Life.
In 1973 he moved to the United States from Poland.
He lives with his wife Diane and three children.
He owns multiple businesses and has become Poland's most successful boxing promoter.

</doc>
<doc id="20110881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20110881" title="Destructive flour beetle">
Destructive flour beetle

The destructive or dark flour beetle ("Tribolium destructor"), one of the species of darkling beetle known generally as flour beetles, is a common pest insect known for attacking and infesting stored flour and grain.
It is a very dark brown beetle (darker than other "Tribolium" species) 5–6 mm. long. "T. destructor" is found in North America, Europe and Africa.
As well as damaging flour and grain, it attacks animal food pellets, rolled oats and poultry food.
References.
See also Home stored product entomology.

</doc>
<doc id="20110887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20110887" title="Tropical Storm Bavi">
Tropical Storm Bavi

The name Bavi has been used to name two tropical cyclones in the western north Pacific Ocean. The name was contributed by Vietnam and refers to a mountain chain in northern Viet Nam.

</doc>
<doc id="20110912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20110912" title="Francis and the Lights">
Francis and the Lights

Francis and the Lights is a band from New York City, led by Francis Farewell Starlite. The term "and the Lights" refers both to the lights on a stage and pixels on a computer screen.
History.
In 2010, Francis and the Lights toured with Drake, MGMT, Ke$ha, and La Roux.
In 2013, Francis and the Lights signed to Good Years Recordings.

</doc>
<doc id="20110913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20110913" title="Thomas Wilkins">
Thomas Wilkins

Thomas Wilkins (1625 or 1626 – 20 August 1699) was a Welsh cleric and antiquarian, who collected Welsh manuscripts.
Life.
His father and his grandfather were both called Thomas Wilkins; all three in turn were rectors of St Mary's Church in Glamorgan. Wilkins (the grandson) was educated at Jesus College, Oxford, matriculating in 1641 and obtaining a law degree in 1661. He was rector of Gelligaer and Llan-maes, and a prebendary of Llandaff. In addition to his clerical duties, Wilkins was also an antiquarian and collected manuscripts, including the Red Book of Hergest and the Book of the Anchorite. After his death, on 20 August 1699, his eldest son (also called Thomas) donated these two manuscripts to Jesus College.

</doc>
<doc id="20110926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20110926" title="Panzer 61">
Panzer 61

The Panzer 61 was a Swiss Cold War era medium tank. The tank had a weight of 36.5 tons and was powered by a 630 hp diesel engine which gave it a top road speed of 31 mph (50 kph). The primary armament of the Panzer 61 was a 105 mm main gun.
History.
During the early 1950s the Swiss Army tried to buy modern tanks to reinforce the armoured forces which, due to the war in Korea, proved to be impossible. As a stop-gap solution, the army bought AMX-13 light tanks from France and decided to start the development of a Swiss-built main battle tank.
This led to a vehicle called Panzer 58. This tank had most of the characteristics of the later Panzer 61 with the exception of its main gun. The Panzer 58 was fitted with a British Ordnance QF 20 pounder. The Swiss Army took delivery of 10 preproduction models. In 1961 the parliament decided to buy 150 of the improved Panzer 61 which were delivered between 1965 and 1967, produced at the Eidgenoessische Konstruktionswerkstaette (today RUAG Land Systems) facility at Thun.
In the years from 1967 to 1994 (when the last Panzer 61 battalion was re-equipped with more modern tanks) the tank underwent a series of changes and improvements which brought it very close to the standard of the Panzer 68 (its successor). Among many other changes, the original and characteristic 20 mm secondary gun was replaced by an additional machine gun in a coaxial turret mount. This last development step was called Panzer 61 AA9.
The chassis was used as the basis of the early stage of planning for the Tank gun 68 and the prototype of the Entpannungspanzer 65 armoured recovery vehicle and for the initial prototype of the "Brückenlegepanzer 68".
In popular culture.
Two Panzer 61 tanks were mocked up as Panzer III tanks in the film, "Enemy at the Gates". These replicas would be re-used in "All the Queen's Men" and "Defiance".

</doc>
<doc id="20110945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20110945" title="The New English Weekly">
The New English Weekly

The New English Weekly was a leading review of "Public Affairs, Literature and the Arts."
It was founded in April 1932 by Alfred Richard Orage shortly after his return from Paris. One of Britain's most prestigious editors, Orage had edited the magazine "The New Age" from 1907 to 1922.
The May 16, 1932 issue of "TIME" announced the launch of the publication, mentioning that it was represented in the U.S. by Gorham Munson. Other contributors included Hilaire Belloc; Grand Duchess Marie of Russia; Will Dyson, former cartoonist of the Labour Party's "Daily Herald"; Paul Banks reviewed drama, David Gascoyne reviewed art and Storm Jameson, novels.
On Orage's sudden death in 1934, the publication's literary editor, Philip Mairet, took over the editor's chair.
George Orwell had contributed a review to the 9 June 1932 issue, and between August 1935 and April 1940, wrote regular book reviews and articles for the publication.
In the "Easter Number" for 1940, the review published for the first time the long poem "East Coker" by T. S. Eliot. His '"The Dry Salvages" was first published in the review in 1941, and "Little Gidding" appeared in the publication in 1942, also a first publication. 
The paper was a leading supporter of the Social Credit Party, as well as advocating organic farming, among other issues.

</doc>
<doc id="20110947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20110947" title="Badri Spanderashvili">
Badri Spanderashvili

Badri Givievich Spanderashvili (; born 10 November 1969) is a retired Georgian-Russian professional footballer who played for FC Dynamo Moscow, FC Rostov, FC Chernomorets Novorossiysk and FC Lokomotiv Nizhny Novgorod in the Russian Premier League. He is currently an assistant manager with FC Olimpia Gelendzhik.

</doc>
<doc id="20110963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20110963" title="Tropical Storm Maysak">
Tropical Storm Maysak

The name Maysak has been used to name two tropical cyclones in the northwestern Pacific Ocean. The name was contributed by Cambodia and is a kind of tree.

</doc>
<doc id="20110967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20110967" title="Midget">
Midget

Midget (from "midge", a sand fly) is a term that is widely considered pejorative for a person of unusually short stature, often one with the medical condition dwarfism, particularly proportionate dwarfism.
When applied as an adjective, it can also refer to anything of much smaller than normal size, as a synonym for "miniature," or to sports leagues, such as hockey, for young players.
Merriam-Webster dictionary states that the first use of the term "midget" was in 1816. The term "midget" came into prominence in the mid-19th century after Harriet Beecher Stowe used it in her novels "Sunny Memories of Foreign Lands" and "Old Town Folks" where she described children and an extremely short man, respectively. P. T. Barnum indirectly helped popularize the term "midget" when he began featuring General Tom Thumb in his circus. "Midget" became linked to referencing short people put on public display for curiosity and sport. 
Such performances continued to be widespread through the mid part of the twentieth century, with Hermines Midgets brought from their performances in Paris to appear at the 1939 New York World's Fair. When interviewed for a 1999 piece, performers engaged in ongoing "Midget Wrestling" events stated that they did not view the term "Midget Wrestling" as derogatory, but merely descriptive of their small size; however, others responding to the piece disagreed, with one stating that the performances perpetuated an outdated and demeaning image.

</doc>
<doc id="20110980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20110980" title="1974 Intertoto Cup">
1974 Intertoto Cup

In the 1974 Intertoto Cup no knock-out rounds were contested, and therefore no winner was declared. This year marked the first edition a club from Turkey took part.
Group stage.
The teams were divided into ten groups of four teams each.

</doc>
<doc id="20110999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20110999" title="Franz Hack">
Franz Hack

Franz Hack (3 February 1915 – 9 June 1997) was an Obersturmbannführer (Lieutenant Colonel) in the Waffen SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross with Oakleaves and the Close Combat Clasp in Gold.
Hack was born in Mannheim, Germany on 3 February 1915. Upon joining the SS he was issued the service number 227 129, his first command was the 1st Company, Germania Regiment in 1938. He ended the war as the commander of the 10th SS Panzer Grenadier Regiment "Westland", 5th SS Panzer Grenadier Division Wiking.
Hack died in Hamburg, Germany in June 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="20111016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20111016" title="Typhoon Quinta">
Typhoon Quinta

The name Quinta has been used in the Philippines by PAGASA in the Western Pacific.

</doc>
<doc id="20111018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20111018" title="Oishii Study">
Oishii Study

Oishii Study (manga) is a short manga with three chapters by Yuu Watase. Yuu Watase reveals that she modeled Ringo's personality on hers since she is a weirdo herself. Watase also altered the image of her main guy character (cold, intimidating, and ill-tempered. A kind of guy who is almost never the love-interest in a shoujo manga) to change the main character's crush this time around. She said so herself that she would never fall in love with such cold person unless he really is a nice person deep inside. In this manga, Watase used some fruits to name her main characters.
Plot.
Summary
This story is about a nerdy girl named Ringo Itsuki (her name means apple) who was vice president and considered to be a bookworm and one of the top students at school. Ringo thinks that she's not good at anything but studying. She was asked by her mother to teach the son of her friend's friend. Although reluctant at first, she later accepts after knowing that she'll be teaching the little brother of her crush, Minori Tsurugi (this guy's name means "blooming pear"), who happens to be a heart throb and her angelic senpai at school. When she met her "tutee", she was surprised to see Budou Tsurugi (and his name means grapes) the guy she hates (the one she met while climbing across the school walls because of being late, and not to mention the one who saw her "granny panties", as what he calls it,when she fell). Their first session didn't turn out so well since Budou doesn't want to accept his tutor. Minori explained to Ringo that she was hired so that Budou would pass the entrance exam at the same college where he is applying for. Almost ready to quit, Minori urged Ringo to continue being Budou's tutor because he really wants Budou to pass the college entrance exams. While following Budou, Ringo found out that he is working at a small coffee shop. They both kept from the school their secrets about their part time jobs (since students their age are not allowed to work and will be punished with suspension). As time goes by, the two started getting along a little well, and developed feelings for each other as well. There came a time when Budou's parents told him the truth about him and his brother. They are fraternal twins, and he really is the first born. Since when Budou was born and he was not in good shape, he was put into an incubator and his parents thought that he won't be able to survive so they gave him up and decided to call Minori their first born. When Minori was in elementary, Budou was placed a school year below him so they decided to keep it a secret. When one of the teachers found out about Budou's part time job, he was suspended. Ringo tried covering up for him, and told them about her part time job as a tutor, but Budou took all the blame for himself to clear Ringo's name and to avoid her from being suspended too. When Akebi-san (a colleague of Budou at work) pretended to confess feelings for Ringo, she accidentally blurted out that she loves Budou, who happened to walk by and heard Ringo's unintentional confession. Akebi-san unmasked herself, and showed her true appearance (a woman who is often mistaken as a man for her low voice and her height) and Budou reveals that he never judged Ringo by her appearance and never considered her as just a tutor from the start. In the end, Ringo continued to tutor Budou to help him pass the entrance exams for him to be able to go at the same college as her.
Characters.
Ringo Itsuki
Ringo (her name means apple) is nerdy, a smarty pants, and a top student. She's a very weird and clumsy girl. She has a big crush on her senpai, Minori Tsurugi. Ringo was asked by her mother to tutor a friend's son, who happens to be Budou Tsurugi, the little brother of her crush and the guy she hates. She had a lot of hard time working with Budou since he considers her a pain in the ass. When Ringo saw the good sides of Budou's personality, she has secretly fallen in love with him and was unaware of it.
Budou Tsurugi
He is considered a troublesome student and is the exact opposite of his big brother. He was given the name "Tsurugi the devil" because of his bad temper and cold attitude. He finds his big brother annoying because he always feel like he was being treated like a baby. Budou keeps a secret from his family that he works at a coffee shop which was all he wanted to do in life and not planning to go along his family's plans about him going to college. He first met Ringo while they were both getting across the school walls because they were late. When she fell, he saw her undies and teased her "Granny panties". When Ringo started tutoring him, he began learning and getting higher grades. He fell for Ringo but tries his best to conceal it.
Minori Tsurugi
Minori is the big brother Budou grew up to know, but really is the little brother since they are fraternal twins and Budou is the real first born. He is called "Tsurugi the angel" at school because of his angelic and gentle nature. Sometimes he is a bit wacko, and often shows his brother complex since he truly cares about Budou and clings to him every time which creeps him out. He was told by his parents to keep Budou from knowing the truth about him being the little brother because when they were born, Budou's body was weak so they put him into an incubator and almost gave up hope which made their parents consider Minori as their first born.
Kuritaro Tsurugi
Kuri means chestnuts. He is Budou and Minori's grandfather who pops out everywhere and is prone to memory loss because he is of course senile.
Ichigo Harano
Also called "Itchan". He is a gay man who runs a coffee shop and is Budou's boss.
Touiro Kawakami
A friend of Budou's who spends his time working at a gas station while still going school.
Akebi Kosaka
A co-worker of Budou. Her outward appearance doesn't look very feminine, but she's a cute girl on the inside.
Hassaku Hayama
A co-worker of Budou at the coffee shop.

</doc>
<doc id="20111042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20111042" title="EDOS">
EDOS

EDOS was an operating system based upon IBM's original DOS. The name stood for extended (or enhanced) disk operating system.
EDOS.
In 1970, IBM announced the IBM/370 product line along with new peripherals, software products, and operating systems, including DOS/VS that supplanted DOS. Although IBM was rightly focused on their new products, the computing world was dominated by the IBM/360 line, which left a lot of users nervous about their investment.
Although there were a couple of projects emulating the IBM/370 on the IBM/360 (e.g., CFS, Inc.), a couple of companies took a different approach, extending the then-current (and limited) DOS.
The Computer Software Company took the latter approach. Starting in 1972, they developed EDOS, Extended Disk Operating System. They extended the number of fixed program space partitions from 3 to 6, added support for new hardware, and included features that IBM had offered separately.
They also made available other third party enhancements such as a spooler and DOCS, from CFS, Inc.
TCSC.
The Computer Software Company was founded by Jerry Enfield and Tom Steel, responsible for development and marketing, respectively. Company headquarters were in Richmond, Virginia. TCSC, as it was called, expanded into Canada, Australia, and Europe. The company was later acquired by Nixdorf.

</doc>
<doc id="20111044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20111044" title="Fazle Omar Mosque">
Fazle Omar Mosque

The Fazle Omar Mosque in Hamburg is the second purpose-built mosque in Germany. The mosque in Wieckstraße is run by the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community (AMJ) and was inaugurated on July 22, 1957 by Sir Muhammad Zafrulla Khan.

</doc>
<doc id="20111077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20111077" title="Malipiero">
Malipiero

Malipiero is a Venetian surname of Bohemian origin, also documented as "Mastropiero" or "Maripiero". 
Malipiero can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20111084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20111084" title="Asshole">
Asshole

The word asshole (often arsehole in British and Australian English), is a vulgarism to describe the anus, and often used pejoratively to refer to people.
History.
The word "arse" in English derives from the Germanic root *arsaz, which originated from the Proto-Indo-European root *ors, meaning "buttocks" or "backside". The combined form "arsehole" is first attested from 1500 in its literal use to refer to the anus. The metaphorical use of the word to refer to the worst place in a region (e.g., "the arsehole of the world"), is first attested in print in 1865; the use to refer to a contemptible person is first attested in 1933. In the ninth chapter of his 1945 autobiography, "Black Boy", Richard Wright quotes a snippet of verse that uses the term: "All these white folks dressed so fine / Their ass-holes smell just like mine ...". Its earliest known usage in newspaper as an insult was 1965. As with other vulgarities, these uses of the word may have been common in oral speech for some time before their first appearances in print. By the 1970s, "Hustler" magazine featured people they did not like as "Asshole of the Month." In 1972, Jonathan Richman of Modern Lovers recorded his song "Pablo Picasso", which includes the line "Pablo Picasso was never called an asshole." 
Until the early 1990s, the word was considered one of a number of words that could not be uttered on commercial television in the United States. Comedian Andrew Dice Clay caused a major shock when he uttered the word during a televised MTV awards show in 1989. However, there were PG-13 and R rated films in the 1980s that featured use of the word, such as the R-rated "The Terminator" (1984), the PG-13-rated "National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation" (1989), and the PG-rated "Back to the Future" (1985). By 1994, however, vulgarity had become more acceptable, and the word was featured in dialog on the long-running television series "NYPD Blue", though it has yet to become anything close to commonplace on network TV. In some broadcast edits (such as the syndication airings of "South Park"), the word is partially bleeped out ironically, as "assh—", with the profane half of the word intact.
Semantics.
The word is mainly used as a vulgarity, generally to describe people who are viewed as stupid, incompetent, unpleasant, or detestable.
This word or its literal translation is found in colloquial speech in a number of cultures besides English because it describes both an intimate part as well as an organ of elimination, both of which are considered to be taboo parts of the body in many societies.
The English word "ass" (meaning donkey, a cognate of its zoological name "Equus asinus") may also be used as a term of contempt, referring to a silly or stupid person. In the United States (and, to a lesser extent, Canada), the words "arse" and "ass" have become synonymous; however, in the rest of the English-speaking world "ass" refers only to the animal, and not one's rear end. It is worth noting that speakers of some varieties of English "drop their R's" before consonants, leading to a pronunciation of "arse" that is quite similar to "ass".
Political usage.
In 2000, during a Labor Day event, then-candidate George W. Bush made an offhand remark to his running mate, Dick Cheney, that "New York Times" reporter Adam Clymer was a "major league asshole." The gaffe was caught on microphone and led to a political advertisement chiding Bush for "using expletives ... in front of a crowd of families," produced for Democratic opponent Al Gore.
In February 2004, American media reported that during a rally of supporters, Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez called Bush "an asshole" for believing his aides in supporting a coup against Chavez in 2002. The word in its original Spanish was "pendejo", and in news coverage the word was widely (though incorrectly) translated as "asshole"; the true meaning of the word varies substantially within Latin America, and in Venezuela its meaning is closer to "fool". In September of the following year, "Nightline" host Ted Koppel said to Chavez on national television, "I'm going to perhaps shock you a little, but these are your words. You called President Bush an asshole," — to which Chavez replied, "I've said various things about him. I don't know if I actually used that word."

</doc>
<doc id="20111101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20111101" title="Dual credit enrollment">
Dual credit enrollment

Dual credit enrollment educational programs permit students to acquire credits in two different levels of education simultaneously, such as earning a secondary school diploma through classes that also grant university or community college credit.

</doc>
<doc id="20111114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20111114" title="Kenton County Public Library">
Kenton County Public Library

The Kenton County Public Library is a library system serving the residents of Kenton County, Kentucky. The library ranked first in Kentucky in Hennen's American Public Library Ratings 2008.
The Covington Public Library was established in 1898. In 1901, a donation from Andrew Carnegie gave the city a two-story Carnegie library.

</doc>
<doc id="20111131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20111131" title="George Stanley, 9th Baron Strange">
George Stanley, 9th Baron Strange

George Stanley, 9th Baron Strange, of Knockyn, KG, KB (1460–1503) was an English nobleman and heir apparent of Thomas Stanley, 1st Earl of Derby. Despite predeceasing his father in 1503, he was nevertheless a considerable soldier and aristocrat in his own right and held a number of senior offices of state.
Life.
He was born about 1460 at Knowsley, Lancashire, England, the eldest son of Thomas Stanley and his first wife Eleanor, sister of Richard Neville, Earl of Warwick. On his father's second marriage to Lady Margaret Beaufort, Countess of Richmond he became stepbrother to her son, Henry Tudor, later King Henry VII.
He was invested as a knight of the Order of the Bath in 1475 by King Edward IV. He held the offices of Constable of Pontefract Castle and Constable of Knaresborough Castle in 1485. He was present at the Battle of Bosworth Field, but was held captive by Richard III because of his father's actions. He held the office of Constable of Wicklow Castle in 1486 and became Chief Justice of the Duchy of Lancaster in 1486. In 1487 he took part in the Battle of Stoke Field. In the same year was invested with the Order of the Garter and was made a privy counsellor.
Family.
He was married in 1482 to Joan le Strange, 9th Baroness Strange (c. 1460 - 1514), daughter of John le Strange, 8th Baron Strange (c. 1440 - 1477) and Jacquetta Woodville (daughter of Richard Woodville, 1st Earl Rivers and Jacquetta of Luxembourg), thereby becoming 9th Baron Strange "de jure uxoris" (in the right of his wife) and was summoned to Parliament in this role. Their children were:
Death.
Stanley died in Derby House, St Paul's Wharf, London over 4–5 December 1503, allegedly of poison following a banquet. He was buried in the London church of St James Garlickhythe nearby.
Sources.
Burke's Peerage, Baronetage & Knightage, 107th edition, 3 volumes (Wilmington, Delaware, U.S.A.: Burke's Peerage (Genealogical Books) Ltd, 2003), volume 1, page 1101.

</doc>
<doc id="20111154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20111154" title="Konstal 105Na">
Konstal 105Na

The Konstal 105Na are a class of Polish trams manufactured from 1979 to 1992 in workshops Konstal Chorzow, Poland. The narrow-gauge version is designed as "805Na". Currently, they are the most common operating trams in Poland.
Construction.
105Na is one-way motor coach, equipped with four doors.
It represents the development of the earlier tram Konstal 105N, the main changes being the location of the components of the electrical equipment which were transferred from under the stairs to the back wall of the driver's cabin, the introduction of a separe cabin for the driver and removing the small windows under the front and side windscreens. In terms of utilization, the most important change was the introduction of switching engines. During the start-up 4 motors are connected in series, while during normal working range 2 motors were connected in parallel.
(which reduced the current consumption by 12%). The link between wagons was also changed.
During their exploitation time the 105Na vehicles became the subject of various modifications and upgrades (including changes in the electrical system, new front plastic, change of the door opening mechanism, and even re-tram in Poznań to the two-way Konstal 105NaDK). Also the older 105N wagons were modernized to the 105Na standard.
Other variants.
The trams Konstal 105Na and 805Na were a base for the production of a large number of variants:
Production numbers.
The number of standard-gauge version 105Na vehicles produced is 1443 while the number narrow-gauge version, the 805Na, is 691.
Operators.
These trams are used in all Polish cities which operate a tram system and they are the largest group in the stock.

</doc>
<doc id="20111158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20111158" title="China–Britain Business Council">
China–Britain Business Council

The China–Britain Business Council (CBBC) is the leading British organisation promoting trade and investment between the UK and China.
The objective of CBBC is to assist any British company or organisation to do business in China. It works in close collaboration with UK Trade & Investment (UKTI), for whom it delivers China business development services.
CBBC also cooperates closely with the private sector and Trade Associations; the British Embassy and Consulate Generals in China; the British Chambers of Commerce in China, and the UK Regional Development Agencies in the UK and the Devolved Administrations.
In addition, CBBC organises missions to the Chinese market; identifies business opportunities; and provides research as well as a range of other practical services for UK companies in the market.
CBBC also hosts inward delegations from China, arranges events in the UK and China, and hosts business events for all senior Chinese leaders visiting the UK.
CBBC operates through seven offices in the UK and a network of 11 cities throughout China. The main office is in Beijing, while the other offices are located in Shanghai, Shenzhen, Wuhan, Chengdu, Qingdao, Nanjing, Hangzhou, Shenyang, Guangzhou and Chongqing.
With a bi-lingual and experienced staff, CBBC works with other organisations to give business leaders tailored advice and support in all aspects of setting up a presence and doing business in the Chinese market.
On behalf of UKTI, CBBC delivers smaller research projects in China through the Overseas Market Introduction Service (OMIS). CBBC also provides an in-house research service that is specifically tailored to the needs of each company. All research is carried out by CBBC's project managers across the China offices. CBBC has conducted such research projects in a wide range of sectors, including both product and service industries.
History.
The organisation's history dates back to the early 1950s when British companies were among the first to trade with Communist China. That was the 48 Group of Companies (established in April 1954). At the same time, the British government had a semi-official trade body known as the Sino-British Trade Council which promoted British participation in trade fairs and exhibitions in China. Although the UK was the first Western country to recognize the People's Republic of China, the PRC did not fully recognize the UK until 1972 (see Sino-British relations).
The China–Britain Trade Group was established in 1991 when the 48 Group merged with Sino-British Trade Council, at the instigation of the (then) UK Department of Trade and Industry.
After the first six months, CBTG had a membership of 100 British companies, large and small, paying an annual subscription. Members were able to attend exclusive meetings with Chinese visitors, attend specialist workshops, and had priority access to special events.
A big incentive of membership for many was the provision of services by the CBTG's two China offices. As the number of offices grew, CBTG continued to offer this service to members, and it is still a benefit of membership today.
The early 1990s saw a renewal of high-level visits from China to the UK In November 1992 vice-premier Zhu Rongji was the first Chinese leader to take part in a seminar with British business in the UK, when the Stock Exchange was the venue for presentations from privatised industries, organised by CBTG and the Stock Exchange.
The biggest events of the mid-1990s were the huge business groups taken to China by Michael Heseltine, as trade minister in 1995, then as deputy prime minister in 1996. CBTG was involved in putting together the business groups which accompanied the deputy prime minister. In 1996 a decision was made to allow member companies to appoint representatives in China and rent space in CBTG offices, which would provide services to them. Visiting CBTG Beijing that year, Michael Heseltine coined a name for this service: the China Launchpad. This has since become a popular service which the China–Britain Business Council still offer UK companies.
The return of Hong Kong to Chinese sovereignty in 1997 led to warmer relations with the UK. Less than a month after his appointment as premier in 1998, Zhu Rongji was back in the UK, where a CBTG dinner in London's Guildhall attracted 900 guests.
That year, the organisation changed its name to the China–Britain Business Council (CBBC), to reflect the growth of all round business between the UK and China encompassing investment, trade, licensing and other forms of business activity.
In November 1999, the UK received the first head of state from the People's Republic of China, Jiang Zemin, who was greeted by a CBBC organised business lunch at the Banqueting House.
In the UK, CBBC's promotion of opportunities in China has never stopped. In its first year, there began a long tradition of organising a nationwide programme of seminars and conferences. Since then there has been a continuous programme of conferences and seminars with VIP speakers, briefings around the country for groups of exporters, and meetings with Chinese industrial and provincial leaders.
Lord Powell, a former foreign affairs adviser to Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher, took over the presidency of CBBC in 1998. His first task was to accompany Prime Minister Tony Blair to China with a business delegation. The following year saw visits to the UK by then Vice-Premier Wen Jiabao, and President Jiang Zemin. CCPIT chairman Wan Jifei followed in 2001, and in October that year, the then Vice-President Hu Jintao also came to the UK.
Sir David Brewer, Former Lord Mayor of the City or London, became CBBC Chairman in 2007, and has continued to push forward CBBC's contribution to UK-China trade and business exchange, and he has now, through his career, made well over 100 trips to China.
In the new millennium, China's economic strength has grown exponentially, intensified by WTO accession in 2001. As China opens its door wider to foreign participation, new trade promotion sectors have emerged including education, leisure, branding and communications technologies, and CBBCs regular trade missions in numerous sectors reflect this. Outsourcing has become a major field of operations as most companies looking to outsource production will consider China. Simultaneously, as the world's fastest growing market, most exporters will look at the Chinese market.
Though the pioneering feel of the early years may have gone, and China has changed beyond all recognition since that time, CBBC is still filling a vital role of informing, advising, and organising services for British business in China.

</doc>
<doc id="20111173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20111173" title="Preeti Shenoy">
Preeti Shenoy

Preeti Shenoy is among the best selling authors in India. Listed among the Forbes List of the 100 most influential celebrities of India (2013 edition ), Shenoy has varied interests ranging from photography and yoga to sociology. After a brief stay in the UK, Shenoy, who is married and a mother to two children, currently resides in Bangalore. Her latest book, The One You Cannot Have (published by Westland Ltd) released in November and has been gathering enthusiastic, positive reviews from readers.
Biography.
During her school years, Preeti studied in Kendriya Vidyalayas all over India, due to her father's constant job transfers, and this contact with different cultures and languages may have had an influence in her later interest for Sociology. She started developing her writing skills since an early age, but only considered becoming a professional writer after she created herself a blog in October 2006. The number of page hits on her blog increased day by day, and many readers suggested that she should consider publishing her texts.
In 2008, she was invited to start contributing regularly to the newspaper Times of India. In the same year, she wrote articles for Reader's Digest "Joy", and had her articles republished in various other Indian newspapers and magazines. Encouraged by the favorable reception of her first publication, she began writing her first book, 34 Bubblegums and Candies, a collection of narratives based on real life incidents, some of which had been previously posted on her blog in a shorter form. It was launched in October 2008.
Daily News and Analysis has described her as a ‘Keenly observant mind’ and Times of India describes her writing as ‘Excellent story telling skills’.
Preeti's poetry was published in the Sulekha Book Series. She is also a self-taught artist who paints with water colours and oils, and also works with mixed media.
Her interests are as multifarious and diverse as her several academic degrees which include an internationally recognized qualification from UK in portraiture.
Her second book 'Life Is What You Make It' was among the top selling books of 2011 in India and her third book 'Tea For Two and a Piece of Cake' which released in February 2012 made it to the top five best-selling Indian fiction of 2012. Her fourth, 'The Secret Wish List' was released in October 2012.
Preeti Shenoy's fifth book, 'The One You Cannot Have' was released in November 2013.
She has also worked with under-privileged children teaching them English and Math. She has worked with several schools conducting workshops on thinking skills and creative crafts.
In February 2009, she moved with her family (husband and 2 kids) to Norwich, UK, where they lived until October 2010. They relocated back to India and currently she lives in Bangalore.

</doc>
<doc id="20111184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20111184" title="Poly-World">
Poly-World

Poly-World (in French: Poly-Monde, , ) - is a student committee based in a French-Canadian engineering school, Polytechnique Montréal, in Montreal (Quebec, Canada).
This committee was founded in 1990 by a group of young students from different engineering fields that wanted to develop their knowledge of business processes, competitiveness and innovation on an international level. These students, François Nadeau, Claude Benoît and Normand Gadoury, therefore organized Poly-Japan, the first mission of what became an independent engineering program orientation at undergraduate level at École Polytechnique.
The primary objective of this student committee is to enable its members to discover competitiveness, innovation and business processes in Quebec companies and then compare their findings on foreign soil through industrial visits to counterpart companies. Each year, the Poly-World council, which includes all coordinators of previous missions and a few teachers, is responsible for the selection of the different industrial sectors that will be studied. These sectors are judged competitive for Quebec and Canada and include aviation, aerospace and pharmaceuticals.
List of past missions.
For more details or to consult official documents relative to the missions, visit the Poly-World website.

</doc>
<doc id="20111193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20111193" title="Pumpkin pie">
Pumpkin pie

Pumpkin pie is a traditional sweet dessert, often eaten during the fall and early winter, especially for Thanksgiving and Christmas in the United States and Canada. The pumpkin is a symbol of harvest time and featured also at Halloween.
The pie consists of a pumpkin-based custard, ranging in color from orange to brown, baked in a single pie shell, rarely with a top crust. The pie is generally flavored with nutmeg, cinnamon, cloves, and ginger.
This pie is often made from canned pumpkin or packaged pumpkin pie filling (spices included), usually from varieties of "Cucurbita moschata."
Preparation.
The traditional method for preparing a pumpkin pie involves the use of a "pie pumpkin" which is about six to eight inches in diameter, which is smaller than a "jack o'lantern" sized pumpkin. The pumpkin is sliced in half, and the seeds removed. The two halves are heated until soft. This was traditionally done either in an oven or over an open fire, but nowadays, stove tops and microwaves are frequently used. Sometimes the pumpkin halves are brined to soften the pulp, rather than cooked. At this point the pulp is scooped out and pureed in a blender, to ensure its consistency. The blended and cooked pulp's texture is comparable to that in a canned product.
This pulp is then mixed with eggs, evaporated and/or sweetened condensed milk, sugar, nutmeg, and other spices (e.g., ginger, cinnamon, cloves, allspice, mace), then baked in a pie shell.
Some recipes may also call for substitutes to be used, such as butternut squash instead of pumpkin.
History.
The pumpkin is native to the continent of North America. The oldest evidence, pumpkin-related seeds dating between 7000 and 5500 BCE, has been found in Mexico. The pumpkin was an early export to France; from there it was introduced to Tudor England, and the flesh of the “pompion” was quickly accepted as pie filler. During the seventeenth century, pumpkin pie recipes could be found in English cookbooks, such as Hannah Woolley's "The Gentlewoman's Companion," which was published in 1675. The recipes did not appear in American cookbooks until the early nineteenth century. Pumpkin pie did not become a common addition to the Thanksgiving dinner until the early nineteenth century. The Pilgrims brought the pumpkin pie back to New England, while the English method of cooking the pumpkin took a different course. In the 19th century, the English pumpkin pie was prepared by stuffing the pumpkin with apples, spices, and sugar and then baking it whole.
Many companies produce seasonal pumpkin pie-flavored products such as ice cream, coffee, cheesecake, pancakes, candy, and beer. Many breweries produce a seasonal pumpkin ale, and the pumpkin spice latte is one of the most popular seasonal items sold during the autumn months at Starbucks. Throughout much of the United States it is traditional to serve pumpkin pie after Thanksgiving dinner. Commercially made pumpkin pie mix is made from "Cucurbita pepo", "Cucurbita maxima", and "Cucurbita moschata" ('Libbey Select' uses the Select Dickinson Pumpkin variety of "C. moschata" for its canned pumpkins).
In popular culture.
John Greenleaf Whittier wrote in his 1850 poem "The Pumpkin":
Oscar Ferdinand Telgmann and George Frederick Cameron wrote the song "Farewell O Fragrant Pumpkin Pie" in the 1889 opera "Leo, the Royal Cadet":
Lydia Maria Child's 1844 Thanksgiving poem "Over the River and Through the Wood" references pumpkin pie in one of its verses: "Hurrah for the fun! Is the pudding done? / Hurrah for the pumpkin pie!" The Christmas-themed song "There's No Place Like Home for the Holidays" makes a reference to homemade pumpkin pie being looked forward to by a man returning to his family's home in Pennsylvania. "Sleigh Ride", another popular Christmas song, also mentions sitting around a fire after being out in the snow and eating pumpkin pie. "Rockin' Around the Christmas Tree" contains the lyric, "Later we'll have some pumpkin pie / And we'll do some caroling".
Records.
The world's largest pumpkin pie was made in New Bremen, Ohio, at the New Bremen Pumpkinfest. It was created on September 25, 2010. The pie consisted of 1,212 pounds of canned pumpkin, 109 gallons of evaporated milk, 2,796 eggs, 7 pounds of salt, 14.5 pounds of cinnamon, and 525 pounds of sugar. The final pie weighed 3,699 pounds and measured 20 feet in diameter.

</doc>
<doc id="20111208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20111208" title="Grave Descend">
Grave Descend

Grave Descend is a novel written by Michael Crichton under the pseudonym John Lange. It was originally published in 1970, and later re-released in 2006 as part of the Hard Case Crime series. For this release, Michael Crichton did an overall revision of the text. The novel was nominated for the Edgar Award in 1971. Hard Case Crime will republish the novel under Crichton's name on October 29, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20111216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20111216" title="John Salusbury">
John Salusbury

John Salusbury or Salesbury may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20111217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20111217" title="Toledo Botanical Garden">
Toledo Botanical Garden

Toledo Botanical Garden is a botanical garden located in the city of Toledo, Ohio owned by the Metroparks of the Toledo Area. Originally consisting of donated by George P. Crosby to the City of Toledo, Toledo Botanical Garden now encompasses more than . Notable events include the Crosby Festival of the Arts, held in late June; and Heralding the Holidays, a seasonal celebration showcasing the numerous resident artistic guilds.
Notable gardens include:

</doc>
<doc id="20111218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20111218" title="FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2015">
FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2015

The FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2015 will take place in Falun, Sweden. This is the fourth time the event is held there, having previously been held there in 1954, 1974 and 1993. In 1980, one World Ski Championship race was held there as well, to make up for its exclusion from the Olympic Games the same year.
Selection process.
At the International Ski Federation (FIS) Council meeting in November 2007, a Candidates project concept was highlighted for use. Candidacy submission was 1 May 2009 along with the registration fee and training days in article 5 of the FIS World Championships Organization Rules. Each candidate and its National Ski Association will have instructions and a detailed questionnaire provided by the FIS that will be due on 1 September 2009. Candidates respond in a simple text format that will serve as the working document where an FIS Inspection Group will use for discussion purposes. Group members will meet with the candidate at mutually convenient opportunity to review the project area that falls under their responsibility. This should take place in conjunction with another event or World Cup inspection where possible to reduce costs and multiple trips. FIS Technical Committee members will have a working meeting in the fall of 2009 with each candidate and inspection group to review the project. A final report will be submitted in spring 2009 by the Inspection Group and the National Ski Association and FIS Council.
Finalists.
The four finalists who submitted were those who lost out on the previous championships in 2008.
The winner was selected at the FIS Congress in Antalya, Turkey on 3 June 2010.
Voting results

</doc>
<doc id="20111220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20111220" title="William Lambert Dobson">
William Lambert Dobson

Sir William Lambert Dobson KCMG, FLS (24 April 1833 – 17 March 1898) was a politician, a Leader of the Opposition and Chief Justice of Tasmania, (Australia).
Early life.
Dobson was born at Carr Hill, 
Gateshead, Durham, England, the elder son of John Dobson, a solicitor at Gateshead, and his first wife Mary Ann, "née" Atkinson (1811–1837). 
William was full brother to Frank and half-brother to Alfred and Henry Dobson.
William arrived in Van Diemen's Land (now Tasmania) with his parents on 16 July 1834. He was educated at Christ College and The Hutchins School at Hobart. After leaving school Dobson spent 18 months in the public service, returned to England, and entered at the Middle Temple. At the Inns of Court examination held in June 1856 Dobson took first place and was admitted to the bar on 6 June 1856.
Career.
Dobson returned to Tasmania at the end of 1856 and was admitted to practise as a barrister on 22 January 1857. In 1859 Dobson was appointed crown solicitor. Dobson was elected a member of the house of assembly for Hobart, and on 6 February 1861 became attorney-general in the second William Weston ministry, continued in this position when the ministry was reconstituted under Thomas Chapman, and remained in office until January 1863. Dobson represented Campbell Town 1864-70. When James Whyte became premier, Dobson was elected leader of the opposition, on 24 November 1866 became attorney-general again under Sir Richard Dry, holding the same position in the succeeding James Wilson ministry (after Dry's death) from 4 August 1869 to 5 February 1870. Dobson was then appointed a puisne judge in the Supreme Court of Tasmania, at just 36 years of age. In 1884 he was acting chief justice, and on 2 February 1885 became chief justice. He held this position until his death on 17 March 1898. Dobson acted as deputy-governor in 1884, 1886–87 and 1892-93.
Legacy.
Dobson was chancellor of the University of Tasmania, president of the leading sporting bodies, vice-president of the Royal Society of Tasmania and the Art Society of Tasmania, and trustee of the Tasmanian museum, art gallery and botanical gardens. On 17 March 1859 Dobson married Fanny Louisa Browne (died 1935), daughter of Rev. William Henry Browne the archdeacon of Launceston, who survived him with a son and three daughters. Dobson was knighted in 1886 by Queen Victoria on a visit to London and appointed K.C.M.G. in 1897. 
Dobson was a member of the Linnean Society, and much interested in botany and higher education generally. As a member of parliament he brought in the act which made education compulsory, and he was also responsible for the act abolishing imprisonment for debt. Although not giving the impression of being a brilliant lawyer, he was an exceedingly sound one; it has been stated that during his judicial career he never had a decision reversed by a higher court.
Brothers.
One of Dobson's brothers was Henry Dobson, a premier of Tasmania. Another brother, Frank Stanley Dobson (1835–95) was a solicitor-general in Victoria 1881 to 1883. A third brother, Alfred Dobson (1848–1908), was attorney-general in the first Philip Fysh ministry from 1877 to 1878, leader of the opposition 1883 to 1884, and speaker of the house from July 1885 to 1887.

</doc>
<doc id="20111222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20111222" title="Arn Chorn-Pond">
Arn Chorn-Pond

Arn Chorn-Pond is a human rights activist committed to preserving traditional Cambodian ("Khmer") music.
Early life.
Chorn-Pond was born in Cambodia in 1966 into a Battambang family of performers and musicians. According to Chorn-Pond in a 2006 article: 
Survival during the Pol Pot Regime.
When the Khmer Rouge came to power in 1975, Chorn-Pond and hundreds of other children were sent to Wat Ek, a Buddhist temple converted into a prison camp, where he survived by playing the flute and keeping the soldiers entertained.
In five days a master trained Chorn-Pond and four other children to play the flute and the khim, a Cambodian hammered dulcimer. The children learned to play a traditional lullaby known as "bompay". At the end of that time, Chorn-Pond and another boy were chosen to play propaganda songs for the camp guards. The other three children and the master were led away and killed. "When they brought in another old master for more lessons," Chorn-Pond recalled, "I begged them not to kill him. I told them I didn’t have enough skills yet, and I offered them my own life instead." On a visit to Cambodia in 1996, he was reunited with his teacher.
In a 2002 interview Chorn-Pond described how his survival depended on repressing his emotions and distancing himself from the horror of his situation:
When the Vietnamese invaded Cambodia in 1978, Chorn-Pond was handed a gun and forced to fight:
Eventually he escaped into the jungle where he survived for months by himself. "I followed monkeys and ate whatever they ate. I fished with my hands and ate fruits, and killed monkeys, too." In late 1980 he crossed the border into Thailand and a Thai Soldier took him to the Sa Kaeo Refugee Camp. There he met the Reverend Peter L. Pond. "He weighed about 60 pounds and he was very sick," Reverend Pond later recalled, "He had cerebral malaria and he was really close to death...This sick little child reached up and touched me, and said in English, 'Hello.' That...was Arn Chorn from the very first, reaching out and touching."
Reverend Pond took Arn to Jefferson, New Hampshire and formally adopted him in 1984. In all, Pond adopted 16 Cambodian children, mostly orphans, including one who eventually became Rhode Island's first Cambodian physician, Dr. Soneath Pond.
Education and humanitarian work.
During his initial months in the US, Arn Chorn-Pond experienced difficulties as one of the first non-white students to attend White Mountains Regional High School. He graduated from Gould Academy in Maine in 1985, attended Northfield Mount Hermon School and attended Brown University for two years before withdrawing to co-found Children of War, an organization dedicated to help young people to overcome suffering from war and other traumas such as child abuse, poverty, racism and divorce. From its inception in 1984 though 1988, Children of War trained a core leadership group of 150 young people representing twenty-one countries. More than 100,000 U.S. students from 480 schools participated in the program. In 1992 Chorn-Pond received a bachelor's degree in political science from Providence College and in 2007 the school awarded him an honorary Doctorate of Humanitarian Service .
Chorn-Pond was also one of the few surviving Cambodians to return to the refugee camps on the Thai-Cambodian border. While attending college in Rhode Island, Arn devoted his summers from 1986 through 1988 to teaching and assisting those still displaced by war. He was also the youngest Cambodian involved in diplomatic efforts for reconciliation.
While a student at Providence College, Chorn-Pond co-founded the Southeast Asian Big Brother/Big Sister Association in Providence, and founded Peace Makers, a US-based gang intervention program for Southeast Asian youths in Providence. In 1993 he returned to Cambodia and founded the Cambodian Volunteers for Community Development. In 1998 he founded Cambodian Living Arts (CLA, formerly known as the Cambodian Master Performers Program), a non-profit that works to revive the traditional performing arts in Cambodia by locating former masters or trained professional musicians. CLA has worked to revive Khmer shadow theatre, known as "sbek thom", as well as the manufacture of Traditional Cambodian musical instruments. Children are paid to take music lessons so as to divert them from street crime and prostitution.
Arn Chorn-Pond has also served as Director of Youth Programs for the Cambodian Mutual Assistance Association in Lowell, Massachusetts, and since 2001 has been a special adviser on Cambodian affairs for Clear Path International.
Awards and honors.
Among other honors, Arn Chorn-Pond was one of the first recipients of the Reebok Human Rights Award in 1988. He has received the 1991 Amnesty International Human Rights Award, the 1993 Kohl Foundation International Peace Prize, and the 1996 Spirit of Anne Frank Outstanding Citizen Award.
Arn Chorn-Pond regularly gives talks about his experiences. In October 2008, he was invited by the Spurlock Museum and the Asian Educational Media Service to the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign.
In November 2012, he was invited to the State University of New York at Oswego to give a speech to students at college that brought the entire audience into tears.
Arn Chorn-Pond in film, opera and literature.
Arn Chorn-Pond is the subject of Jocelyn Glatzer's 2003 documentary "The Flute Player."
The 2007 opera "Where Elephants Weep", composed by Khmer musician Him Sophy with a libretto by Catherine Filloux, is loosely inspired by the life of Arn Chorn-Pond.
The 2008 children's book "A Song for Cambodia" by Michelle Lord is based on events in the life of Arn Chorn-Pond.
In May 2012, the novel "Never Fall Down" by Patricia McCormick was published with HarperCollins. It retells Arn Chorn-Pond's childhood story of surviving during the Khmer Rouge regime.
Arn Chorn-Pond as musician.
An accomplished flautist, Arn Chorn-Pond is credited with teaching Ron Korb to play the Khloy (the Cambodian bamboo flute) in traditional Khmer style. In 2001 Chorn-Pond performed on stage in Peter Gabriel's Tribute and Homage for Harbourfront Centre's "World Leaders" hosted by Laurie Brown, sharing the stage with Peter Gabriel, Jane Siberry, Tia Carrere, Ron Korb, Donald Quan, Jeff Martin, Andy Stochansky, Loreena McKennitt, Daniel Lanois and Lorraine Segato.

</doc>
<doc id="20111237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20111237" title="Diana Popova">
Diana Popova

Diana Popova (born December 10, 1976 in Sofia, Bulgaria) is an Individual Rhythmic Gymnast. 
Career.
She started rhythmic gymnastics in 1982 and started training at an early age.
Popova competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics, Despite two drops of the clubs,she finished 7th in the all-around. 
In 1993, Popova made a brief retirement, citing exhaustion but returned to competition shortly after in 1994. She had a good comeback finishing 8th in 1994 and 7th in 1995 at the World Championships, she also took home 5 medals (including the all-around bronze) at that year's World University Games. 
She competed in her second Olympics in 1996, but a couple of small mistakes in the semifinal round dropped Popova to 11th place and denied her the chance to compete in her second Olympic final
After her retirement in 1996, Popova married the son of famed Bulgarian coach Julieta Shishmanova. Popova has since relocated to Italy, where she accepted a coaching position with the national team. 

</doc>
<doc id="20111256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20111256" title="List of United States Senators in the 111th Congress by seniority">
List of United States Senators in the 111th Congress by seniority

This is a classification of United States Senators by seniority during the 111th Congress, from January 3, 2009 to January 3, 2011. It is a historical listing and contains people who have not served the entire two-year Congress, such as Joe Biden and Hillary Rodham Clinton.
Order of service is based on the commencement of the senator's first term. Following this is former service as a U.S. senator (only giving the senator seniority within his or her new incoming class), service as Vice President of the United States, a U.S. Representative, a Cabinet secretary, a state governor. Others are separated by his or her state's population.
Senators who were sworn in during the middle of the two-year Congress are listed at the end of the list with no number. However, Roland Burris and Al Franken are listed as numbers 99 and 100. Burris was appointed at the end of the previous Congress, but was blocked from taking his seat until January 12, 2009, and Franken won the United States Senate election in Minnesota, 2008, but was unable to take his seat until July 7, 2009 due to an election contest.
John Kerry was the most senior junior senator from the opening of the 111th Congress until the death of Ted Kennedy in August 2009, whereupon Tom Harkin took on the distinction. Jim Webb was the most junior senior senator until Mark Udall, a freshman, became Colorado's senior senator upon Ken Salazar's resignation in late January 2009 to become Interior Secretary.

</doc>
<doc id="20111258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20111258" title="Cui Zao">
Cui Zao

Cui Zao (崔造) (737 – October 25, 787), courtesy name Xuanzai (玄宰), was an official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty, serving briefly as a chancellor during the reign of Emperor Dezong. During his chancellorship, he tried to reform the taxation system, but his reforms were opposed by Han Huang and soon reversed.
Background.
Cui Zao was born in 737, during the reign of Emperor Xuanzong. He was from the Boling (博陵, in modern Hengshui, Hebei) branch of Cui clan, which was prominent during Tang Dynasty. His ancestors claimed their ancestry from the ruling Jiang house of the Spring and Autumn Period state Qi, and traced their ancestry through a line of officials of Qin Dynasty, Han Dynasty, Jin Dynasty (265-420), Northern Wei, Northern Qi, Sui Dynasty, and Tang Dynasty. Cui's immediate male ancestors — great-grandfather Cui Shaorui (崔紹睿), grandfather Cui Ding (崔頂), and father Cui Shengzhi (崔昇之) — however, did not reach offices any higher than county magistrate or sheriff positions. Cui Zao had at least two brothers, an elder brother named Cui Lin (崔遴), who served as a county secretary general, and a younger brother named Cui Shu (崔述), who served as a prefectural prefect.
When Cui Zao was young, he was said to be studious. During the "Yongtai" era (765-766) of Emperor Xuanzong's grandson Emperor Daizong, Cui lived at Shangyuan (上元, in modern Nanjing, Jiangsu), and he had three close friends, Han Hui (韓會), Lu Dongmei (盧東美), and Zhang Zhengze (張正則). The four all were not native to Shangyuan, and they often met to discuss their views on economics. They also all had ambitions to serve the emperor, and the people at the time referred to them as the Four Kui. He was later invited by Li Qiyun (李栖筠) the governor of Zhexi Circuit (浙西, headquartered in modern Zhenjiang, Jiangsu) to serve on Li's staff. Cui later served as "Zuosi Yuanwailang" (左司員外郎), a low-level official under one of the Secretaries General of the executive bureau of government (尚書省, "Shangshu Sheng"). While serving thus, he became friendly with the senior official Liu Yan.
During Emperor Dezong's reign.
In 780, during the reign of Emperor Daizong's son Emperor Dezong, Liu Yan was demoted and then killed after false accusations by Yang Yan and Yu Zhun (庾準). Cui Zao, as an associate of Liu's, was demoted to be the secretary general of Xin Prefecture (信州, in modern Shangrao, Jiangxi). As of 783, when Emperor Dezong was forced to flee from the capital Chang'an to Fengtian (奉天, in modern Xianyang, Shaanxi), due to a rebellion led by Zhu Ci, Cui was serving as the prefect of Jian Prefecture (建州, in modern Nanping, Fujian). He sent a declaration to the nearby prefectures, asking them to raise troops together to aid the emperor. He then himself took 2,000 troops from his prefecture and headed toward Fengtian. Emperor Dezong heard this and praised him. After Tang forces recaptured Chang'an in 784, he summoned Cui to Chang'an, but Cui, because his uncle Yuan Xiu (源休) had been a major contributor to Zhu's rebellion and had been executed, did not dare to head to Chang'an immediately; instead, he submitted a petition asking for punishment. Emperor Dezong, believing that he was acting appropriately, issued an edict praising and consoling him, and he made Cui "Libu Langzhong" (吏部郎中), a mid-level official at the ministry of the civil service affairs (吏部, "Lìbu"), as well as imperial attendant (給事中, "Geishizhong").
In 786, Emperor Dezong, believing Cui to be brave and capable, gave Cui the designation "Tong Zhongshu Menxia Pingzhangshi" (同中書門下平章事), making him a chancellor "de facto", along with Liu Zi and Qi Ying. As Emperor Dezong favored Cui's talent, both Liu and Qi yielded most of the responsibilities to Cui. Cui, during the time that he was living in the Yangtze River region, had long despised the institution of having various special directors for financial matters, believing the officials given those positions to be generally corrupt, so he advocated abolishing the director positions in charge of tax collection and transportation of food supplies. He advocated, and Emperor Dezong agreed, to have the tax collection responsibilities given to the local governors and prefects, and that the remaining financial responsibilities be returned to the executive bureau of government (尚書省, "Shangshu Sheng"). Further, the chancellors were put in charge of the six ministries of the executive bureau directly — with Cui himself in charge of the ministries of census (戶部, "Hubu") and public works (工部, "Gongbu"); Qi in charge of the ministry of defense (兵部, "Bingbu"); Liu in charge of the ministries of civil service affairs and rites (禮部, "Lǐbu", note different tone than the ministry of civil service affairs); and Li Mian in charge of the ministry of justice (刑部, "Xingbu"). Further, under Cui's recommendation, his friend Yuan Xiu (元琇, note different characters than Cui's uncle) was put in charge of the salt, iron, and wine monopolies, while Ji Zhongfu (吉中孚) was put in charge of the collected taxes.
Han Huang, the military governor ("Jiedushi") of Zhenhai Circuit (鎮海, headquartered in modern Zhenjiang), on whom the imperial government relied on for food supplies at the time since there was a major famine in the Chang'an region, however, opposed these changes. To placate Han, Emperor Dezong did not abolish the office of director of Yangtze-Huai River transportation and gave that office to Han as well. Yuan requested that the responsibilities be divided — that Han be in charge of the transportation south of the Yangtze, and Yuan be in charge of the transportation north of the Yangtze. Han was not pleased, however, and submitted petitions attacking Yuan's handling of the monopolies. Emperor Dezong thus removed Yuan from his financial responsibilities and made him a secretary general of the executive bureau. When a large amount of food shipment arrived from Zhenhai to Chang'an in fall 786, Emperor Dezong was very pleased with Han and gave him the additional offices as directors of the monopolies and taxes. Further, it was popular opinion at the time that while Cui's idea to return to earlier Tang regulations might have been a good one in peace, given the desperate state the empire was in at the time after years of warfare, the director positions needed to be maintained. In addition, with Yuan no longer overseeing the monopolies, Cui himself was unable to figure out financial matters and became so distressed that he fell ill. Around new year 787, with Han advocating and Emperor Dezong agreeing that the various changes that Yuan and Cui instituted needed to be reversed, Emperor Dezong removed Cui from his chancellor post and made him a member of the staff of his crown prince Li Song. Cui died in fall 787.

</doc>
<doc id="20111291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20111291" title="Shannon Sohn">
Shannon Sohn

Shannon Paige Sohn (born February 27, 1974) is a television news reporter at WABC-TV Eyewitness News in New York City, where she became the first helicopter reporter to win a national Emmy Award.
Sohn grew up in Old Bridge Township, New Jersey and graduated from Old Bridge High School in 1992. She attended Rutgers University, majoring in journalism and communications, along with a minor in advertising. While in college, Sohn spent two years as an intern at WCTC News Radio in New Brunswick, New Jersey. Shortly before her graduation, WCTC offered her a position as a weekend news anchor and to fill a vacancy in the station's aerial traffic reporter spot, which was being vacated by Dan Rice who was heading to WABC-TV in New York City. Sohn won a reporting award from the "Associated Press" while at WCTC.
In 2000, she earned a degree in broadcast meteorology degree through courses taken online at Mississippi State University. Sohn started doing airplane traffic reports for New York City radio stations WABC, WHTZ and WPLJ.
Sohn was hired by WABC-TV in 2001 as part of its Eyewitness News Team on NewsCopter 7. In May 2001, Sohn married Dan Rice, who had trained her at WCTC and was then working for crosstown rival WNBC on its Chopper 4.
She won a Peabody Award for her coverage of the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks. She was scheduled to end her shift just minutes after the first tower was hit and did not leave her chair in the studio until Friday, providing news to the public as it came in from reporters in the field.
In 2005, while flying in the WABC helicopter, she was able to track the crash of a Chopper 4 helicopter, using the helicopter's camera to track the crash, hoping that the images would allow emergency personnel to be accurately and quickly directed to the precise location of the incident. Sohn won a local Emmy Award for "Instant Breaking News" for her coverage of the crash. The clip was submitted for a national Emmy Award which Sohn won, making her the first helicopter reporter to win a national Emmy.
Sohn lives with Rice and their children Zachary and Mackenzie in the Long Valley section of Washington Township, Morris County, New Jersey.

</doc>
<doc id="20111302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20111302" title="Drug of Choice">
Drug of Choice

Drug of Choice is a novel written by Michael Crichton under the pseudonym John Lange. It was originally published in 1970. Hard Case Crime will republish the novel under Crichton's name on November 19, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20111312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20111312" title="Dead Rising 2">
Dead Rising 2

Gameplay.
The player controls protagonist Chuck Greene as he fights off hordes of zombies while accomplishing specific missions. The game includes several new objects that can be used to attack the zombies. Up to 7,000 zombies can be seen onscreen at the same time.
"Dead Rising 2" allows players to manufacture their own custom weapons at various points in the game by collecting items and combining them together in maintenance rooms scattered across the game map. The player also has the ability to unlock "combo cards" that reveal weapons that can be combined together. Such combinations include the "Hail Mary," a hand grenade duct taped to a football, "Dynameat," a stick of dynamite duct taped to a piece of meat, the "Paddlesaw," two chainsaws duct taped to a kayak paddle, and "Spiked Bat" which is a baseball bat with nails hammered through the item.
Like the first game, boss fights are represented by 'psychopaths', people who have either been driven insane by the zombie outbreak or are taking advantage of it to fulfill their cruel desires.
Multiplayer.
During the 2009 Tokyo Game Show, Capcom revealed that the multiplayer of "Dead Rising 2" takes the form of the in-game reality TV show "Terror Is Reality" in which players will act as contestants in a fictional gameshow. Four players participate in multiplayer, competing against each other for the most kills inside an arena full of undead. Players can use weapons and vehicles including human-sized hamster balls and chainsaw-equipped motorcycles. They also will be able to prevent other players from scoring by using various forms of "dirty" tactics.
Chuck Greene joins the reality pay-per-view gameshow "Terror is Reality" to get money for his daughter's Zombrex. (Zombrex being a medicine which prevents infected humans from turning into zombies as long as it is taken once daily.) Terror is Reality (TiR) is hosted by Tyrone King (TK). Players compete with players all over the world online, and earn money for their character at the same time. The show consists of three minigames, including "Zomboni" (driving a car that makes zombie juice and players have to shoot the juice to the target to get points), "Bounty Hunter" (players snipe zombies and they can earn extra points by hitting the jackpot), "Stand Up Zomedy" (players put flowers, sticks, and dresses on the zombie, earn more points by getting all three of items in one zombie), and so on. Finally, the major game in TIR is "Slicecycle", where players drive motorcycles to slice up zombies for points. The winners and participants get money for their participation points from the games.
It was confirmed during Captivate '10 that cooperative gameplay for the story campaign will be available and according to Blue Castle Games there will be an online co-op mode. Both players will play as the main character, Chuck Greene, and will be able to earn experience and keep the items they collected throughout the game—but only the host player will be able to save the game's progress. A host can invite a friend to join the current game by sending out an invitation; if the friend accepts, a confirmation icon will be displayed and the host can allow the player to join in. Non-host players can drop in/out of a co-op game anytime they like. When the players become separated, a tiny animated Chuck Greene icon will appear at the bottom of the game screen. The icon will show what the other player is up to—attacking, being assaulted by zombies, etc. If a player is taken down by zombies, he will be able to call the other for help to revive them. The player will use food to revive the dying partner before his health runs out.
Plot.
Five years after the events of "Dead Rising", former motocross champion Chuck Greene is in the fictional casino town of Fortune City, Nevada, to take part in "Terror Is Reality", a controversial sports entertainment game show where contestants kill zombies for money and fame. Chuck needs the prize money to buy Zombrex (a daily medication that suppresses the zombification process) for his daughter Katey, who was bitten by her zombified mother during a previous outbreak in Las Vegas when she was only 4 years old. While backstage after the show, the show's supply of zombies is released; Chuck rescues Katey and makes his way to an emergency shelter, which is sealed after their arrival. Raymond Sullivan (the only security guard to reach the shelter alive) is initially reluctant to let the infected Katey in, but Chuck promises to keep her supplied with Zombrex until the military arrives in three days.
Chuck needs to venture into the overrun city to find a dose of Zombrex, entering and exiting the shelter via an air duct. Another survivor, Stacey Forsythe (leader of the Nevada branch of zombie rights organization "Citizens for Undead Rights and Equality", which was in town to protest the treatment of the zombies by "Terror is Reality") supplies him with a map and two-way radio; she promises to keep watch on the shelter's security monitors and direct Chuck to any other survivors or points of interest in the area. After returning with the first dose of Zombrex for Katey, a news report implicates Chuck as the cause of the Fortune City outbreak. Chuck tracks down the reporter, Rebecca Chang, at a nearby hotel, and offers her the story of a lifetime if she gives him a chance to prove his innocence and helps him determine who was really behind the outbreak. Following this, Chuck has three main objectives to complete: discover the origin of the Fortune City outbreak by following the "Case File" missions, rescue as many survivors as possible (either from zombies, or from the 'psychopath' boss characters), and find enough doses of Zombrex to keep Katey alive until the military arrives. 
Chuck and Rebecca discover that "Terror is Reality" host Tyrone "TK" King is using the outbreak as cover to rob Fortune City's four main casinos. Chuck foils the robberies and prevents the host from escaping in his helicopter. TK is locked up in the shelter, and reveals that another organization responsible for the outbreak paid him to frame Chuck for it. Three days after the outbreak, the military arrives, but a green gas begins emanating from underground and causes zombies to mutate into a more powerful form. The convoy is unprepared to deal with the super-zombies, and is wiped out almost completely. A second military force would normally arrive 24 hours later, but media reports claim that the first convoy reached the shelter and found no survivors, so the city will be cleansed by firebombing at that time. The safe house is also sabotaged, and Chuck must quickly repair the door before too many zombies enter. Regardless of the player's actions, TK is bitten, and needs Zombrex to survive. Rebecca reveals the cause of the gas seems to be in the underground access tunnels, and Chuck finds a hidden facility where pharmaceutical company Phenotrans, the makers of Zombrex, is harvesting the zombies. The drug is manufactured from the queens of the genetically modified wasps that create zombies; the gas released by the Phenotrans facility is intended to increase the number of queens in a zombie horde. After killing the scientists in charge of the harvesting, Chuck recovers a satellite phone and a laptop from the facility and takes them to Rebecca as proof that Phenotrans orchestrated the outbreak in order to harvest more queens, while driving up demand for Zombrex. Just as Rebecca attempts to contact her news station and report the discovery, Sullivan shoots her dead. Sullivan is revealed as a Phenotrans operative; he was the one who let the "Terror is Reality" zombies out, and the one who sabotaged the shelter. He escapes with the phone and laptop, and Chuck follows him to a casino rooftop, where he plans to escape by skyhook after revealing that the Vegas and Fortune City outbreaks were necessary to keep a consistent supply of queens to make Zombrex, enraging Chuck as his wife was killed in the Vegas outbreak which led to Katey getting infected in the first place. After a fierce battle, Chuck handcuffs his harness to the rooftop, ripping Sullivan in half when the recovery aircraft catches the skyhook. Chuck contacts Rebecca's channel and offers to give them proof of Phenotrans' involvement in the Fortune City outbreak if they send helicopters to rescue the survivors.
Endings.
There are six possible endings for "Dead Rising 2", depending on the player's actions during the game.
The two primary endings are:
The other four endings occur if the player fails to complete particular tasks:
An alternative ending F shows TK holding Chuck and Stacey on a rope saying something about Chuck "being busy" before lowering the rope to the zombies, showing the rope shake violently as they are eaten alive.
Development.
"Dead Rising 2" was announced on February 9, 2009, confirming earlier rumors of the game's existence, as well as a viral video for the game. The developers Blue Castle Games worked with Keiji Inafune, the original "Dead Rising" producer and Capcom's former global head of research and development, along with other original "Dead Rising" team members.
Release.
Marketing.
Capcom created a variety of websites before the release of the game. These include TapeitorDie.Com, visitfortunecity.com, and deadrising-2.com.
In August 2010, Keiji Inafune released an eight-part video series entitled "Zombrex: Dead Rising Sun". Capcom sponsored a gathering of zombies at the London House of Parliament on August 30— the best dressed won a game console. Attendees also received a limited edition, one-of-a-kind t-shirt. 
Capcom also created "Citizens for Undead Rights and Equality" (CURE) as a marketing tie-in for the game, as well as its reimagining "". The group is a parody of the political party system in Britain.
Retail.
"Dead Rising 2" was released in several retail versions. The standard edition includes the game and a manual and will be available for the Xbox 360, PlayStation 3, and PC. 
Reception.
"Dead Rising 2" has been met with generally positive reviews. IGN, Eurogamer, and GamesRadar have given the game an 8 out of 10, praising the story, combat, and huge numbers of enemies on screen, while complaining about long loading times. GameZone gave the Xbox 360 version of the game a 6 out of 10, stating, "the lackluster presentation, uninspired story, outright broken multiplayer, and atrocious amount of glitches makes Dead Rising 2 less of a flawed gem and more of a somewhat polished pile that incrementally smells worse the longer you let it sit in your disc drive." Game Informer gave the game a 9.5 out of 10, stating, "Even after playing for dozens of hours, you'll still find new things in Dead Rising 2. I won't spoil anything, but there's a lot of variety to be found in the game beyond obvious things like the number of objects that can be used as bludgeons. This game is designed for multiple playthroughs, and I'm looking forward to each and every one of them." Ben Croshaw listed "Dead Rising 2" in second place in his Top 5 games of 2010, praising it for its correcting all of Dead Rising's old problems (as in high difficulty and poor AI) and for the Combo Weapons mechanic.
As of February 2, 2011, Capcom stated that the title has sold more than 2.2 million copies worldwide. 
Downloadable content.
"Case Zero".
"Dead Rising 2: Case Zero" is an Xbox 360-exclusive download, available on the Xbox Live Marketplace for 400 Microsoft Points. The download serves as a prequel for "Dead Rising 2", and is set shortly after Chuck and Katey escape from the Las Vegas zombie outbreak. The player must deal with a minor outbreak in the town of Still Creek, and move on before the military arrives and kills any infected (including non-zombies like Katey). The player can reach up to level five in "Case Zero", with the level and any combo cards earned able to be transferred into the main game.
"Case Zero" was released on August 31, 2010 in North America and Europe, then in Japan at a later date because the Computer Entertainment Rating Organization was concerned about the content and the download's rating. The game is region-locked to these specific areas, and cannot be downloaded outside these regions. In the game's first week of release, 300,000 downloads were made: the fastest selling game on Xbox Live Arcade. On September 15, Capcom announced that "Case Zero" had received more than 500,000 downloads.
Reception for "Case Zero" has been generally favorable, receiving an average score of 79 on Metacritic. IGN gave the title a 6.5 out of 10 rating, criticizing the load times and the lack of things to do. GameSpot gave the title an 8 out of 10 rating, praising the fun zombie killing, in-depth weapon creation, and multiple endings that require several playthroughs. Joystiq gave the title a 4 out of 5 star rating, and recommending the game to anyone because of both the content and the price. Eurogamer gave the title a 7 out of 10 rating, criticizing many annoyances but praising the overall product.
"Case West".
On September 15, 2010, Capcom announced a second downloadable episode: "Case West". The Xbox 360 exclusive is available on the Xbox Live Marketplace for 800 Microsoft Points. The game features Frank West, the main character from the first "Dead Rising" game, and is set after "Dead Rising 2", with Frank teaming up with Chuck to further investigate the link between Phenotrans and the Fortune City zombie outbreak, and find proof that clears Chuck of any wrongdoing.
The story follows on from Ending A of the main game, with Frank rescuing Chuck from the elevator. Frank was going to meet Rebecca Chang to investigate a Phenotrans facility west of Fortune City, but learns from Chuck that she was killed by Phenotrans. Although initially suspicious of Chuck because of the media reports blaming him for the Fortune City outbreak, Frank lets the motocross star come with him to find proof that Phenotrans was behind the outbreak.
"Case West" includes cooperative play for two players, with each taking control of one of the two characters. The episode features new challenges, enemies, items, combo weapons. The photography element returns from the first "Dead Rising"; the characters use this to generate proof of Phenotrans' part in the zombie outbreaks. "Case West" was released on December 27, 2010.
"Case West" received generally positive reviews, with a score of 74 on Metacritic. IGN gave the title a 8.5 out of 10 rating, with praise for the story, combo weapons, and fun co-op mode. Eurogamer gave the title an 8 out of 10 rating, stating that the product was more a worthwhile purchase for people planning to play co-op with a friend. Gametrailers awarded the title with a 7.9 out of 10 rating, saying that the $10 asking price was worth it. GameSpot gave the title a 7 out of 10 rating, praising the new weapons, fun while rescuing survivors, wacky humor, and plenty of replay value, but criticizing the similarity it has to "Case Zero", no integration with previous games, and that the photography in the game has less impact than in "Dead Rising".
Remake.
At Captivate 2011, Capcom's annual press show, the company announced that it was releasing "Dead Rising 2: Off the Record", as a reinterpretation of the game with Frank West from the original "Dead Rising" as the main character. The game was released for the same consoles on October 11 in North America, October 13 in Japan, and October 14 in Europe for a discount retail price.
"Off the Record" is intended as a complete reimagining of "Dead Rising 2", with new missions, cutscenes, environments, enemies, and weapons. The photography mechanic from the first "Dead Rising" is also included. There are technical and system upgrades, such as optimization of loading times and improved network performance. "Off the Record" also features a new sandbox mode. This allows players to explore Fortune City without the obstacle of time. "Off The Record" has received mostly positive reviews, with the changes and additions both praised and panned.
Sequel.
"Dead Rising 3" is an open world survival horror video game, developed by Capcom Vancouver and published by Microsoft. The game was announced as an Xbox One exclusive title during Microsoft's E3 2013 press conference on June 10, 2013. It was released as an exclusive Xbox One launch title on November 22, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20111316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20111316" title="FFHG Division 2">
FFHG Division 2

FFHG Division 2 (Fédération Française de Hockey sur Glace Division 2 or French Ice Hockey Federation Division 2) is a professional ice hockey league in France. It is the third of four levels of professional ice hockey in France.
Teams.
FFHG Division 2 consists of 20 teams divided into two pools with ten teams each.
Season.
Each team plays the other teams in their pool at home and away (18 games). At the end of this regular season the 8 highest-ranking teams in each pool enter a combined knock-out play-off series while the four lowest-ranking teams (two from each pool) enter a play-off series of their own. The winner of the former play-off series is promoted to FFHG Division 1 while the loser of the latter play-off series is demoted to FFHG Division 3.

</doc>
<doc id="20111323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20111323" title="Songs for a Tailor">
Songs for a Tailor

Songs for a Tailor is the 1969 solo studio album debut of musician, composer and singer Jack Bruce, who was already famous at the time of its release for his work with the supergroup Cream. Originally released on the Polydor label in Europe and on Atco Records in the U.S., "Songs for a Tailor" was the second solo album that Bruce recorded, though he did not release the first, "Things We Like", for another year.
The album, which was titled in tribute to Cream's recently deceased clothing designer, displayed more of the musician's diverse influences than his compositions for Cream, though it did not chart as highly as his work with that band. Nevertheless, it was successful, reaching No. 6 on the UK Albums Chart and No. 55 on the Billboard "Pop Albums" chart.
While it has not been universally critically well-received, with a negative review by "Rolling Stone" on its first release, it is generally acclaimed and is considered by many writers to be among Bruce's best albums. The literary lyrics by poet and songwriter Pete Brown have been particularly divisive, with one critic singling them out for praise while others have been more generally critical. Songs on the album include "Never Tell Your Mother She's Out of Tune", and "Theme for an Imaginary Western", which was covered famously by Leslie West's Mountain, and is featured in 2006's "1001 Songs: The Great Songs of All Time and the Artists, Stories and Secrets Behind Them".
Background.
After performing with various blues bands in his youth, Bruce rose to prominence in the rock world as a member of influential rock band Cream. After the group disbanded in 1969, Bruce began releasing solo material. "Songs for a Tailor", released in September 1969, was Bruce's debut solo release, but chronologically his second solo album; "Things We Like", his first solo recording, was released a year later.
The album was titled in tribute to Jeannie Franklyn ("Genie the Tailor"), a clothing designer who designed wardrobes for Cream and was also the girlfriend of Fairport Convention guitarist Richard Thompson (and, according to Bruce's 2010 biography "Composing Himself", an ex-lover of Bruce's). In 1969, Franklyn wrote Bruce a letter requesting that he "ing some high notes for me," a letter that reached him on 14 May 1969, the day she was killed in a motor vehicle accident in Fairport Convention's touring van. Franklyn died—and Bruce received the letter from her—on his 26th birthday.
A blues and jazz musician by background who had studied Bach and Scottish folk music as a child, Bruce produced a debut effort that was musically diverse. "Songs for a Tailor" was described in "Music Week" on its 2003 reissue as "an impressive effort defying musical categorisation". Two of the songs—"Weird of Hermiston" and "The Clearout"—had originally been penned for possible inclusion on the 1967 Cream album "Disraeli Gears". However, the album was not simply a continuation of Bruce's material for Cream, but displayed more of the musician's diversity.
Reception.
The album was generally successful, reaching No. 6 on the UK Albums Chart and No. 55 on the Billboard "Pop Albums" chart. It did not reach the sales levels of Bruce's work with Cream, the later albums of which consistently broke the top 10 of the Billboard "Pop Albums" charts before their dissolution, but, as of 2002, it was the most successful album of his solo career. Largely acclaimed, particularly in England, the album proved influential, described in 2001 by BBC as a "seminal" work. However, reviews were not universally positive, with critical opinion particularly divided on the album's lyrics, penned by long-term Bruce collaborator Pete Brown.
Ed Leimbacher, reviewing the album in 1969 for "Rolling Stone", called "Songs for a Tailor" a "disappointment", panning it overall as "a patchwork affair lacking in any unifying thread, a baggy misfit made up of a shopworn miscellany of jazz riffs, rock underpinnings, chamber music strings, boringly baroque lyrics and a Bruce bass that everything distinctly bottom heavy." However, later writings in the same magazine characterized it very differently. In 1971, Loyd Grossman termed it "[a stunning recording with more than an ample amount of beautiful songs and excellent singing and playing". In 1975, he opined that "Bruce's first album, "Songs for a Tailor", was so outstanding that his other albums almost always suffer by comparison." In 1989, "Rolling Stone" writer David Fricke, though noting that Bruce could "flirt with self-indulgence in the pursuit of the unconventional", described the artist's solo output as "highly underrated". In its review, Allmusic summarizes the album as "picture perfect in construction, performance, and presentation."
Lyrics.
Pete Brown's lyrics have been particularly divisive. Brown, a successful poet in the early 1960s, had been collaborating with Bruce for some time, writing lyrics for such Cream hits as "White Room" and "Sunshine of Your Love". The lyrics he wrote for "Songs for a Tailor" are typically poetic and heavily inspired by literary themes, with the Shakespeareean "He the Richmond" and the horror-infused "Weird of Hermiston".
The first "Rolling Stone" review judged the lyrics as unsuccessful, dismissing them as "silly" and primarily burdened by an overabundance of literary references. 2006's "1001 Songs: The Great Songs of All Time and the Artists, Stories and Secrets Behind Them" also disparaged the lyricist, stating that his "pretentious lyrics fail to connect", an inaccessibility that the book suggests combined with the lack of "instrumental fireworks" to prevent the album from reaching better commercial success. "The musicianship," that work says, particularly referencing "Bruce's soulful vocals", "remains timeless." But in later review of Bruce's work, Fricke regarded the songwriting more highly, questioning whether "anybody, beside Bruce and Brown, write songs like that anymore" and suggesting the cd version of the Bruce compilation "Willpower" specifically so that the lyrics could be read.
Notable songs.
"Theme for an Imaginary Western," which Allmusic describes as "Bruce's greatest hit that never charted," is perhaps the album's best-known song. According to Allmusic, "Theme" has a "fresh, rootsy sound" reminiscent of The Band's "Music from Big Pink", derived from the combination of "Bruce's overdubbed piano and organ parts" and "the country-tinged lope of the rhythm section"."1001 Songs" profiles the number, describing it as an "elegant, masterfully-constructed piece of jazz-rock", though it suggests that Brown's lyrics for the song are "opaque at best". Leimbacher, though generally dismissive of the lyrics, found an exception for this song and "To Isengard", while "The Guinness Encyclopedia of Popular Music" finds the song "evocative", indicating that the album contains "ome of" Bruce's "finest lyrics". The song was famously covered by Mountain, whose bassist-singer Felix Pappalardi had previously worked with Bruce as Cream's record producer, and also produced and appeared on "Tailor". (One of Mountain's earliest performances of "Theme," at the August 1969 Woodstock Festival, predated the song's release on "Songs for a Tailor" by several weeks.) Colosseum (whose drummer Jon Hiseman played on "Tailor"'s rendition of the song), and the progressive rock group Greenslade also recorded cover versions.
"Weird of Hermiston" and "The Clearout" were candidates for inclusion on Cream's 1967 landmark album "Disraeli Gears", but deemed too uncommercial by Cream's then-U.S. label Atlantic/Atco Records for release on that record. Bruce's dissatisfaction at this is noted in the liner notes for Cream's box set "Those Were the Days": "I played them for Ahmet (Atlantic executive Ahmet Ertegun), Tommy (producer/engineer Tom Dowd), and whoever else was around ... they thought it was rubbish, just psychedelic hogwash." Demo versions of the two songs, recorded by Cream in early 1967, are included on "Those Were the Days".
In 1989 Fricke described "Never Tell Your Mother She's Out of Tune" as a "wacky, brassy" "enigmatic Bruce-Brown ".
Bruce has continued to refine and re-record the tracks from "Songs for a Tailor" throughout his career, both in live and studio albums. Only "To Isengard" has not been revisited.
Track listing.
"All lyrics written by Peter Brown, music by Jack Bruce".

</doc>
<doc id="20111331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20111331" title="Auldearn railway station">
Auldearn railway station

Aldearn was a railway station located near Nairn, in the Scottish administrative area of Highland. The station was on the line from Aberdeen to Inverness.
History.
Opened by the Highland Railway, it became part of the London, Midland and Scottish Railway during the Grouping of 1923. The line then passed on to the Scottish Region of British Railways on nationalisation in 1948. It was then closed by the British Railways Board.
The site today.
Trains still pass the site on the Aberdeen to Inverness Line.

</doc>
<doc id="20111335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20111335" title="Bowling at the 2007 Asian Indoor Games">
Bowling at the 2007 Asian Indoor Games

Bowling at the 2007 Asian Indoor Games was held in Bowling Centre, Macau, China from 27 October to 2 November 2007.
Results.
Men.
Singles.
October 27
Doubles.
October 29
Team of 4.
Preliminary.
October 31 – November 1
Knockout round.
November 2
Women.
Singles.
October 28
Doubles.
October 30
Team of 4.
Preliminary.
October 31 – November 1
Knockout round.
November 2

</doc>
<doc id="20111352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20111352" title="Irwin Redlener">
Irwin Redlener

Irwin Redlener (born August 12, 1944) is a pediatrician and public health activist who specializes in health care for underserved children, health care reform, and disaster planning, response, and recovery. He is the author of "Americans at Risk: Why We Are Not Prepared for Megadisasters and What We Can Do Now" (Knopf, 2006) 
Redlener is president and co-founder (with singer song-writer Paul Simon) of Children's Health Fund (CHF), director of the National Center for Disaster Preparedness at The Earth Institute - Columbia University. 
Background.
Redlener was born in Brooklyn, New York, in 1944. He received his B.A. from Hofstra University in 1964 and his M.D. from the University of Miami in 1969. In 1971, while a pediatric resident at University of Colorado Medical Center, Redlener left his program to serve as a VISTA physician in Lee County, Ark. During this time, he met his wife, Karen, who was a fellow VISTA volunteer. The two have worked together since.
Career.
Redlener served as the director of the pediatric intensive care unit at Miami’s Jackson Memorial Hospital. He also worked on disaster relief efforts in Honduras, Guatemala,and created a new Child Action Center to study and treat child abuse. In 1979, after a brief stint in neonatal intensive care at Albert Einstein College of Medicine, he established a private practice in Utica, New York, and became involved with Physicians for Social Responsibility. Redlener also served as head of outpatient pediatrics at Cornell/New York Hospital (1987–1990) and head of community pediatrics at Montefiore Medical Center (1990–2003).
In 1985, Redlener joined the board of USA for Africa as the organization’s medical director and director of grants, where he met Paul Simon.In 1987, Redlener and Paul Simon founded Children's Health Fund to provide health care to homeless and medically underserved children in New York City. The program began with a single mobile medical unit funded by Simon and designed by Redlener’s wife, Karen. More than 25 years later, the organization has 23 programs with more than 50 mobile medical units. Karen Redlener remains with the Fund, currently serving as the organization’s executive director.
During the 1992 presidential campaign, Redlener was chairman of the National Health Leadership Council, a group of 300 health professionals who supported President Bill Clinton’s candidacy. In 1993-1994, he was part of the White House Task Force on National Health Care Reform, serving as the vice-chairman of its Health Professional Review Group. He was also a founding member of the Task Force on Terrorism of the American Academy of Pediatrics in 2001.
Redlener played a lead role in the creation of the Children’s Hospital at Montefiore Medical Center, which opened in 2001 and he served as president of the hospital until 2003.
In 2003, Redlener joined the Mailman School of Public Health at Columbia University to establish the National Center for Disaster Preparedness. Since 2003, Redlener has served as director of NCDP, working to improve public policy and resources, as well as citizens’ individual preparedness. In 2013, the NCDP moved from the Mailman School to join Columbia University's Earth Institute.
In May 2009, Redlener was appointed to the National Commission on Children and Disasters. In 2010, in part due to his research on the health effects of the Deepwater Horizon Oil,the National Commission on the BP Deepwater Horizon Oil Spill and Offshore Oil Drilling appointed Redlener to serve as the Commission’s Special Consultant on Public Health.
On November 15, 2012, New York State Governor Andrew Cuomo announced that he had appointed Redlener co-chair of the NYS Ready Commission, which was tasked with finding ways to ensure critical systems and services are prepared for future natural disasters and other emergencies. 

</doc>
<doc id="20111368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20111368" title="Thomas Beacham (footballer)">
Thomas Beacham (footballer)

Thomas Beacham (12 August 1878 – 1 September 1947) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Fitzroy and also umpired during the early years of the Victorian Football League (VFL). He went by the alias Tammy Beauchamp during much of his football career.
Playing career.
A Collingwood junior, Beacham spent his entire career as a centreman. He debuted with Fitzroy late in 1899 and played the final two home and away matches but, despite being noted as "quick and smart", was omitted for the sectional matches and the grand final.
Over the following four seasons Beacham became a useful member of a successful Fitzroy side. As regular finalists they were upset in the 1900 grand final and knocked out in the semi and final matches in 1901 and 1902 respectively. During this period Beacham represented the VFL against South Australia in both 1901 and 1902. Often noted for his pace and creativity he provided drive into the forward line for the likes of Percy Trotter and Gerald Brosnan.
The 1903 grand final proved another disappointment. With seconds remaining Fitzroy had drawn within three points of Collingwood. From the centre Beacham passed to Trotter who then hit the reliable Brosnan in range. The shot was just off-line and the siren rang leaving Collingwood premiers by two points.
In October 1903 Beacham moved to Adelaide and here the spelling of his surname first appears as Beauchamp. He originally resided in Sturt tying him residentially to that football club. Just prior to the season he moved to East Torrens with a view to playing for Norwood. A permit was granted but subsequently rescinded on an appeal from Sturt thus delaying Beacham's Norwood debut by a month.
Once able to take the field he was appointed vice-captain and played effectively until a knee injury late in the season kept him out for some weeks. Selected under a fitness cloud for the final against Souths he lasted only until quarter-time before having to leave the game when his knee gave way. Sportingly Souths allowed a substitute and Norwood managed a three point win.
Returning to Melbourne in 1905 he rejoined Fitzroy, who were now defending premiers, and had the only premiership success of his senior career. As they had been through the season, Beacham, Barclay Bailes and Trotter were the driving forces in the grand final.
The media universally rated Bailes as best afield followed by Beacham who was opposed to Jock McHale on the day. This was an opinion shared by captain Brosnan who told noted, "we beat them chiefly across the centre where young Bailes and Beauchamp (sic) were very fine in their work". At the club's annual meeting the following March Beacham was also named by his team mates as one of the sides most consistent players for the year.
Beacham played well in the 1906 VFL Grand Final loss to Carlton and maintained reasonable form over the next two seasons but Fitzroy's form declined and they missed the finals in 1907 and 1908. Beacham played his last VFL match in the 1908 final round win over Melbourne.
In 1996 Beacham was one of ten nominations for a position on the centreline in Fitzroy's Team of the Century but was not selected in the final team.
Umpiring career.
Following his playing career Beacham successfully applied for a position as a VFL field umpire. He was appointed to VFL senior football immediately the season began and officiated at the Essendon versus St.Kilda in the opening round. He was awarded Heritage Number 44. The following week he was appointed as a boundary umpire for Melbourne versus Essendon earning Heritage Number 49 for that discipline.
Over the course of 1909 he was appointed to 8 VFL matches - 7 field, 1 boundary. When not umpiring in the VFL he was regularly appointed to country competitions including the mid-week Goulburn Valley league. He finished the season with the first semi-final of the Goulburn Valley Football Association.
From 1910-1912 Beacham was appointed to four VFL matches on the boundary and only officiated as a field umpire in the country. He umpired grand finals in the Peninsula Football Association (1911) and Bright District (1911). Beacham retired at the end of the 1913 season having umpired 12 VFL and 78 country matches.
Umpires' association.
Beacham was elected to the executive committee of the VFL Umpires' Association in 1913.

</doc>
<doc id="20111374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20111374" title="Chief Royal Engineer">
Chief Royal Engineer

The Chief Royal Engineer (CRE) is the official head of the Corps of Royal Engineers. He was also the professional head of the Corps until 1941, when that role was moved to that of the Engineer-in-Chief.
Origin and development.
Before the English Restoration a Chief Engineer was a pay grade and not defined. In 1660 King Charles II appointed Sir Charles Lloyd, who had served in the English Civil War, as head of a new department of engineers. The position was confirmed in a Royal Warrant (26 May 1716), which also authorised the formation of the Corps of Engineers.
When in 1802, Sir William Green, 1st Baronet retired, the office was abolished and Robert Morse became the newly created Inspector-General of Fortifications and of Royal Engineers (IGF). Until 1855 the Inspector-General was attached to the Board of Ordnance and then was subordinate directly to the Commander-in-Chief. 
In 1862 the office was extended to Inspector-General of Engineers and Director of Work, keeping the affiliation in the former function while being now responsible to the Secretary of State for War in the latter. On the resignation of Edward Frome in 1869, both offices were separated for one year. The Director of Works was dropped in 1895 and the office was renamed to Inspector-General of Fortifications. It was again abolished in 1904 and replaced by the Director of Fortifications and Works.
Modern times.
In 1936 the post of Chief Royal Engineer was recreated and Sir Bindon Blood was appointed by King George V. Sir Bindon was commissioned into the Royal Engineers in 1860 and had a distinguished active career until he retired in 1907 aged 65. He was thus 94 years old when appointed Chief Royal Engineer. He resigned in 1940 and died a month later aged 97.
Since 1941 the professional head of the Corps has been the Engineer-in-Chief (EinC) who as 'Director of Royal Engineers', acts as the engineer advisor to the Chief of the General Staff (CGS) as well as to the Royal Navy, the Royal Air Force and other government ministries on matters of military engineering on behalf of the CGS. On the domestic (regimental) side of the Corps he issues instructions on behalf of the 'Chief Royal Engineer'.
Today the Chief Royal Engineer is head of the Corps of Royal Engineers and is invariably a distinguished officer of the Corps, his tenure in the post is normally for a period of five years. He is responsible for seeing that the Corps' traditions and customs are preserved and the continuity of important matters of Corps policy. He keeps the Colonel-in-Chief (as of 2009 Queen Elizabeth II) informed on Corps matters and maintains contact with engineer units in the Commonwealth. He will usually have previously served as a Colonel Commandant and will continue to fill one of the vacancies.
Chief Royal Engineers, 1660–1802.
"vacant for nine years"
"vacant for six years"

</doc>
<doc id="20111401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20111401" title="Pimentel">
Pimentel

Pimentel may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20111408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20111408" title="Stella Adler Studio of Acting">
Stella Adler Studio of Acting

Stella Adler Studio of Acting (formerly Stella Adler Conservatory) is an acting school in New York founded by the actress and teacher Stella Adler 
History.
Concurrent with her work as an actor and director, Stella Adler began to teach in the early 1940s at the Erwin Piscator Workshop at the New School for Social Research in New York. She left the faculty in 1949 to establish her own studio in New York in the same year. 
Combining what she had learned from the Yiddish theatre, the Group Theatre, Broadway, Hollywood, and Constantin Stanislavski, Stella created the Stella Adler Theatre Studio, later renamed the Stella Adler Conservatory of Acting and more recently the Stella Adler Studio of Acting, where she taught acting for many decades, and in 1985 she opened the Stella Adler Academy and Theatre in Los Angeles. 
The studio offered courses in principles of acting, voice and speech, Shakespeare, movement, and makeup, as well as workshops in play analysis, character, scene preparation and acting styles. Onstage experience was acquired by performances of scenes and plays before an invited audience. Among her early students were Marlon Brando, Robert De Niro, Warren Beatty, Elaine Stritch, Mario Van Peebles, Harvey Keitel and Candice Bergen. 
The Stella Adler Studio of Acting, New York.
The Stella Adler Studio of Acting is located in New York City. The Studio was founded in 1949 by Stella Adler. In 1969, The Stella Adler Studio of Acting became the first professional training school to become affiliated with NYU’s Tisch School of the Arts. The Studio became a 501(c)3 not-for-profit organization in 2000. The mission of the Stella Adler Studio of Acting is to create an environment with the purpose of nurturing theatre artists who value humanity, their own and others, as their first and most precious priority while providing art and education to the greater community.
The scope of the Studio’s current activities can be summarized in three categories: 1) Professional Actor Training, the core activity of the Studio and available to both adults and teenagers through separate conservatory programs; 2) The Stella Adler Outreach Division, which provides free training to low-income inner-city teenagers and 3) The Harold Clurman Art Series which presents cultural events that are free and open to the public. The Stella Adler Studio of Acting currently trains over 500 students per year in full-time, part-time and summer programs and also presents lectures, poetry readings, jazz, classical music, theater, and dance theater events. In addition, the Stella Adler Outreach Division provides free training to approximately 300 inner-city youth each year. Stella’s daughter Ellen is the Studio’s Executive Chair. Tom Oppenheim, grandson of Stella Adler, is the Artistic Director and President. 
The Stella Adler Studio of Acting New York City's official West Coast Branch is the Art of Acting Studio Los Angeles, named after Stella Adler's most famous book. The Stella Adler Studio of Acting is not affiliated with the Stella Adler Academy in Los Angeles.
The Stella Adler Academy of Acting & Theatre.
Stella’s long history with Hollywood meant she had close ties and strong connections in the Los Angeles area. She taught for many years at various locations in Los Angeles and she and long time friend and protégé Joanne Linville eventually opened the doors to the Stella Adler Conservatory of Acting at the corner of Hollywood Boulevard and Argyle. Some of the notable names that have passed through the Hollywood conservatory include Nick Nolte, Salma Hayek, Eric Stoltz, Deidre Hall, Sean Astin, John Charles Jopson, John Ritter, Cybill Shepherd, Michael Richards, Benicio del Toro, and Mark Ruffalo.
Protégés Joanne Linville and Irene Gilbert persuaded Stella Adler to open the academy in 1985 in Los Angeles. Together, Gilbert and Linville are considered the school's co-founders, with Adler granting them permission to use her name. Gilbert would remain the director of the school for twenty years.
The original school was located in a small theater at Hollywood Boulevard and Argyle Avenue. A fire forced the temporary closure of the school in 1991. The building was threatened with demolition to make way for a proposed subway line at the time of Adler's death in 1992. In 1994, Irene Gilbert reopened the school present location at 6773 Hollywood Boulevard and Highland Avenue. It was renamed the Stella Adler Academy of Acting celebrated its 25th anniversary in 2010. The historic location housed the famous Embassy Club in the 1930s. 
The school is an acting studio offering extensive training for actors in theatre, film, and television. The facility houses the not-for-profit Stella Adler Theatre, the Irene Gilbert Theatre, The Studio C Theatre, classrooms, dance studio, music studio, library, dressing rooms, video and equipment room, scene shop and administrative offices, all dedicated to teaching Stella’s technique.
Linville continues to teach at the academy as the lead instructor for the last 25 years. Irene Gilbert died in 2011.
In 2010, alumni of the school formed the Stella Adler Los Angeles Theatre Collective.
Although the school still uses the Stella Adler name, it is no longer affiliated with the New York Studio. The Art of Acting Studio is the official West Coast branch of the Stella Adler Studio of Acting, both having Tom Oppenheim, Adler's grandson, serving as CEO & Artistic Director.

</doc>
<doc id="20111416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20111416" title="Ronald Charles">
Ronald Charles

Lieutenant-General Sir James Ronald Edmonstone Charles, KCB, CMG, DSO (1875–1955) was a British officer in the Royal Engineers.
Military career.
Charles was commissioned into the Royal Engineers in 1894. He served in the Second Boer War (1899-1901) and received the Distinguished Service Order (DSO) in November 1900. He was part of the Bazar Valley and Mohmand Field Forces in 1908.
He spent most of the First World War in the General Staff until being promoted to command a re-constituted 25th Division in August 1918.
He was appointed Commander of the Waziristan Force in India in 1923 and then became Commandant of the Royal Military Academy, Woolwich in 1924. He was Director of Military Operations and Intelligence at the War Office from 1926 and Master-General of the Ordnance from 1931. He retired in 1934.
His nickname among the troops was 'Don Carlos', deriving from his commanding personality and his height of 6’ 4”. He was also Commandant of the Royal Engineers from 1931 to 1945 and Chief Royal Engineer from 1940 to 1946.

</doc>
<doc id="20111420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20111420" title="Entolimod">
Entolimod

Entolimod (CBLB502) is being developed by Cleveland Biolabs, Inc. for dual indications under the U.S. Food & Drug Administration’s (FDA) Animal Efficacy Rule as a pivotal-stage radiation countermeasure, and under the FDA’s traditional drug approval pathway as a targeted cancer treatment.
Entolimod is an engineered derivative of the "Salmonella flagellin" protein that induces a spectrum of protective effects upon direct interaction and signaling via toll-like receptor 5 (TLR5).
Radiation countermeasure.
The FDA established the Animal Efficacy Rule in 2002 to permit the approval of certain drugs and biologics that are intended to reduce or prevent serious or life threatening conditions based on evidence of safety from trial in healthy subjects and effectiveness from appropriate animal studies when human efficacy studies are not ethical or feasible.
Efficacy of entolimod as a radiation countermeasure has been assessed in animal models. These studies demonstrate that a single administration of entolimod given either before or after lethal total body irradiation leads to significant improvement in animal survival. Entolimod has been shown to reduce radiation damage to both hematopoietic (HP) and gastrointestinal (GI) tissues and improve tissue regeneration.
Two clinical studies that involved administration of a range of doses of entolimod in 150 healthy human subjects have been completed. Both studies demonstrated that administration of entolimod appears to be safe within a certain dose range. The most frequent adverse event associated with entolimod administration was a transient flu-like syndrome, which is consistent with the mechanism of action of the compound. Ongoing studies will enable accurate definition of the projected human efficacious dose based on comparison of biomarker responses in humans and in animals.
A few additional animal and human studies need to be completed prior to submitting a Biological License Application (BLA) for licensure with the FDA. The protocols for these remaining studies are being discussed with the FDA. The FDA granted entolimod both Fast Track and Orphan Drug status for reducing the risk of death following a potentially lethal dose of total body irradiation during or after a radiation disaster.
The U.S. government provides funding to conduct biodefense research and support the development of drugs and vaccines as medical countermeasures against potential terrorist attacks. Both the Department of Health and Human Services and the Department of Defense procure and maintain medical stockpiles to respond to bioterrorist and emerging infectious disease outbreaks. Under a declared state of emergency, countermeasures may be procured for the Strategic National Stockpile under an Emergency Use Authorization prior to their full FDA licensure approval.
Oncology.
Preclinical studies have shown that entolimod has a suppressive effect on growth of TLR5 expressing tumors. Entolimod has also been shown to have an effect on several animal models of liver metastasis, regardless of TLR5 expression. Additionally, entolimod evidences a supportive care benefit in preclinical models when combined with radiation treatment and cytotoxic agents with adverse gastrointestinal (GI) effects. Tissue protective effects of TLR5 agonists are limited to normal tissues and do not involve protection of tumors from treatment.
A Phase I advanced solid tumor study is currently ongoing at Roswell Park Cancer Institute. The Principal Investigator for this trial is Alex Adjei, M.D., Ph.D., FACP, Chair of the Department of Medicine and Senior Vice President of Clinical Research at Roswell Park Cancer Institute.
Additionally, entolimod may also be developed as an adjuvant to standard radiation and chemotherapy, which will allow using of more aggressive measures to attack malignant cells and increase the effectiveness of cancer treatment.

</doc>
<doc id="20111423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20111423" title="Nita Ambani">
Nita Ambani

Nita Ambani (born November 1, 1963) is an Indian businesswoman and the founder and chairperson of the Dhirubhai Ambani International School. She is the wife of industrialist Mukesh Ambani. She is actively involved in various philanthropic activities in the fields of education, human resources and disaster relief.
Nita Ambani also is the co-owner of the Mumbai Indians cricket team and is actively involved in Project Drishti, a social initiative taken by Reliance Industries (RIL) and National Association for the Blind.
Early life.
Nita Ambani, born November 1, 1963, grew up in the suburbs of Mumbai and hails from a middle class family. Her father was a senior executive in Birla. She has always had a keen interest in Indian classical dance and wanted to pursue a career in dance. While her mother aspired for her to become a chartered accountant, she now holds qualifications as a teacher and an interior designer. She is also a commerce graduate from Narsee Monjee College of Commerce and Economics.
Career.
Nita Ambani has been associated with Dhirubhai Ambani International School since its inception in June 2003. She is the chairperson of the school. The school is considered one of the premier schools in Mumbai and is one of the 37 in India that offer the International Baccalaureate Program. She has headed the Dhirubhai Ambani Foundation, which is a non-profit organization primarily devoted towards the promotion of education and health care services for the poor and under privileged in India. She also serves on the board for Oberoi Hotels & Resorts. She remains as a non-executive director for the same. This is also her first honorary position outside of Reliance Industries Limited.
Social work.
Mrs. Ambani heads the Dhirubhai Ambani Foundation.
She is also part of Reliance Industries and UNAIDS partnership which is aimed towards halting and reversing the HIV epidemic in India. She spearheads Project Drishti, a unique initiative by RIL and NAB, with a vision to give sight to blind people from the underprivileged segment at no cost.
Under the project, she started a Hindi fortnightly newspaper in Braille.
Personal life.
Nita Ambani is the wife of Mukesh Ambani, the richest man in India and the eldest daughter-in-law of Late Sh. Dhirubhai Ambani, the founder of Reliance Industries Limited. They have two sons, Ananth and Akash, and a daughter,Isha.

</doc>
<doc id="20111432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20111432" title="Jasper Johns (book)">
Jasper Johns (book)

Jasper Johns is a non-fiction coffee table book written by Michael Crichton about the artist Jasper Johns. It was originally published in 1970 by Harry N. Abrams, Inc. in association with the Whitney Museum of American Art, and a second revised edition (ISBN 0810935155) was published in 1994.
The psychiatrist Janet Ross owned a copy of the painting "Numbers" by Jasper Johns in "The Terminal Man", another book by Crichton. The technophobic antagonist of the story found it odd that a person would paint numbers as they were inorganic.

</doc>
<doc id="20111434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20111434" title="N10 road (South Africa)">
N10 road (South Africa)

The N10 is a National Route in South Africa. It connects Port Elizabeth on the Eastern Cape coast with the Namibian border at Nakop, via De Aar and Upington.
Route.
The N10 begins at Nakop on the Namibian border; on the Namibian side the road is known as the B3. It runs east to Upington in the Northern Cape, where it crosses the Orange River, and then south-east through Prieska and De Aar. At Middelburg it enters the Eastern Cape, and continues south through Cradock to end at the N2 between Port Elizabeth and Grahamstown.

</doc>
<doc id="20111438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20111438" title="Roy Millen">
Roy Millen

Rowland 'Roy' Millen (born 12 October 1893) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Although primarily a wingman, Millen was also used as a centreman at times during his career. He was a member of Fitzroy's premiership team in 1917 and participated in their losing Grand Final the following season.
In the 1929 VFL season he officiated as a field umpire for one match.

</doc>
<doc id="20111443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20111443" title="Lockheed XC-35">
Lockheed XC-35

The Lockheed XC-35 is a twin-engine, experimental pressurized airplane. It was the first American aircraft to feature cabin pressurization. It was initially described as a 'supercharged cabin' by the Army. The distinction of the world's first pressurized aircraft goes to the Junkers Ju 49. The XC-35 was a development of the Lockheed Model 10 Electra that was designed per a 1935 request by the United States Army Air Corps for an aircraft with a pressurized cabin.
Design and development.
The United States Air Corps wanted the aircraft to perform high altitude research and to test the feasibility of a pressurized cabin. The Corps contracted with Lockheed Aircraft Corporation to produce the aircraft at a total cost of $112,197. The requirements called for an aircraft capable of flying at no less than 25,000 ft (7,620 m) and having an endurance of 10 hours with at least 2 hours above 25,000 ft (7,620 m). Major Carl Greene and John Younger, both structures experts who worked for the Air Corps Engineering Division at Wright Field in Ohio were responsible for the design of the pressurized cabin structure. Greene and Younger worked with Lockheed to modify a Model 10 Electra with a new fuselage consisting a circular cross section that was able to withstand up to a 10 psi differential. New, smaller windows were used to prevent a possible blowout while operating at high pressure differentials. The cabin pressurization was provided by bleeding air from the engines' turbo supercharger, the compressor outlet fed into the cabin and was controlled by the flight engineer. This system was able to maintain a cabin altitude of 12,000 ft (3,658 m) while flying at 30,000 ft (9,144 m). The fuselage was divided into two compartments, a forward pressurized compartment, and an aft unpressurized compartment. The forward compartment housed two pilots, a flight engineer, and up to two passengers. The aft compartment provided accommodations for one passenger and could only be used at low altitudes since it lacked pressurization.
The XC-35 was fitted with two Pratt & Whitney XR-1340-43 engines of 550 hp (410 kW) each compared to the two Pratt & Whitney R-985-13 of 450 hp (336 kW) fitted to the base Model 10 Electra. The engines featured a turbo supercharger to permit the engines to operate in the thin air at high altitudes.
Operational history.
The XC-35 was delivered to Wright Field, Ohio in May 1937, made its first performance flight on August 5, and was involved in an extensive flight testing program for which the Army Air Corp was awarded the Collier Trophy. The lessons learned from the XC-35 played a key role in the development of the Boeing 307 and the B-29 Superfortress which was to be the first mass produced pressurized aircraft.
The Air Corps brass were so confident in the new technology that they allowed the XC-35 to be used as an executive transport for Louis Johnson, the assistant secretary of war and future Secretary of Defense.
In 1943, NACA pilot Herbert H. Hoover flew the XC-35 into thunderstorms to gather data on the effects of severe weather on aircraft in flight.
The XC-35 was donated to the Smithsonian Institution's National Air and Space Museum in 1948 and remains there in long term storage.

</doc>
<doc id="20111447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20111447" title="Tilouli">
Tilouli

Tilouli is a village in the Deoria district of Uttar Pradesh, India.
Sohagara Temple, famous for the god Shiva Shankara, is 2.5 km from Tilouli.

</doc>
<doc id="20111450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20111450" title="M578 Light Recovery Vehicle">
M578 Light Recovery Vehicle

M578 Light Recovery Vehicle (G309) was an American Cold War-era armored recovery vehicle. The M578 utilized the same chassis as M107 self-propelled gun and M110 self-propelled howitzer. The M578 provided maintenance support to mechanized infantry and artillery units. Its primary mission was to recover damaged light armored vehicles from the battlefield using its crane boom.
Operation.
The cab can rotate 360°, and a 30,000 lb (13,600 kg) capacity winch was run through a crane on the cab. Another winch, 60,000 lb (27,000 kg) capacity, was mounted on the front of the cab. Access to the cab was through a door on each side and by double doors in the rear, and the crane operator and rigger both had vision cupolas in the cab roof.

</doc>
<doc id="20111455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20111455" title="John Joseph Braham, Sr.">
John Joseph Braham, Sr.

John Joseph Braham, Sr. (1847 – October 28, 1919) was an American musical theater conductor and composer who introduced Gilbert and Sullivan to the United States and composed one of the earliest original orchestral scores for a silent film.
Biography.
He was born in 1847 in England to Joseph Braham (1827–1877), and he had a brother, David Braham. They emigrated from England in 1849.
He began earning his living as a violinist in New York vaudeville houses and theaters. His father served as the music director for Tony Pastor where John J. may have been in the orchestra. During the 1870s John J. worked as a musical director and conductor in Boston (Adelphi Theatre, Boston Athenaeum Theatre, Bijou Theatre, Boston Museum Orchestra) as well as at surrounding summer resorts. He composed popular songs in many genres, the earliest copyright in 1871., In Boston Braham introduced America to the operettas of Gilbert and Sullivan. He conducted the first performance of HMS Pinafore in America on November 26, 1879 at the Boston Museum. A production of Iolanthe at the Bijou Theater (Boston) in 1882 ran for 150 performances.
Braham began dividing his time between Boston and New York City and in the middle of the decade became music director of the Casino Theatre (Broadway and 39th). He married Sophia Broschart in Boston in 1891. He is listed in 1899 in the New York Times as director at Koster and Bial's Music Hall but also engaged on occasion at the Casino Theatre's roof top garden. He also worked on the following shows (brief list):
In the early teens Edward S. Curtis (ethnographer, photographer, and soon to be film maker whose major subject was the North American Indian) commissioned Braham to compose a score for In the Land of the Head Hunters. (It is unknown how Curtis and Braham met.) This 1914 silent film fictionalized the world of the Kwakwaka'wakw (Kwakiutl) peoples of the Queen Charlotte Strait region of the Central Coast of British Columbia, Canada, and was written and directed by Curtis and acted entirely by Kwakwaka'wakw natives. The year previous (1913), Braham had composed music for the film of a pageant by F. E. Moore based on Henry Wadsworth Longfellow's poem "The Song of Hiawatha" (score in the Library of Congress, Music Division). In the Land of the Head Hunters premiered in December 1914 at the Casino Theatre in New York and simultaneously at the Moore Theatre in Seattle. Braham's score was performed at the New York premier, probably its only performance. He died on October 28, 1919 at the age of 72.
Legacy.
Curtis's film and Braham's score were restored and shown at the Getty Center in Los Angeles on June 5, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20111458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20111458" title="Mary Rundle">
Mary Rundle

Mary Beatrice Rundle CBE,(1907 – 29 September 2010) was a Superintendent of the Women's Royal Naval Service. 
She was born in Swaythling, Southampton in 1907. Before the Second World War, she worked as a private secretary on the 1935 Royal Commission on the Coal Industry in Alberta, Canada. Following her military service, she worked for the Metal Box company. She never married. 
Family.
Rundle was the daughter of Rear Admiral Mark Rundle (1871–1958), DSO, RN, Chevalier of the French Legion of Honour, who began his military career as an Engineer Lieutenant and was promoted to Engineer Commander on 6 July 1909.
Background.
Rundle trained as a secretary before World War II. In 1935, she served as private secretary to Sir Montague Barlow, Chairman of the Royal Commission on the Coal Industry in Alberta. As World War II approached she was recommended for a WRNS commission by her uncle, Paymaster Rear-Admiral Martin Bennett, and became a First Officer on 26 August 1939. In the war she was in charge of Portsmouth WRNS under Admiral Sir William James. She then became Superintendent, the third highest post in the service. After the war at the Admiralty she helped plan the continuation of the service in peacetime and then retired. 
Post World War II.
She then became secretary to the Managing Director of the large packaging firm Metal Box until retiring in the early 1960s to a cottage in Outgate on Windermere in the Lake District. She indexed the naval histories written by her cousin Captain Geoffrey Bennett.
Centenary.
In 2007, when a party was held to mark her 100th birthday near her Lake District home, she was listed as a Vice-President of the Women's Royal Naval Service Benevolent Trust. A portrait photograph of Rundle is held by the Portrait National Portrait Gallery.

</doc>
<doc id="20111468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20111468" title="Koprivnik Castle">
Koprivnik Castle

Koprivnik Castle (, , ) is a castle ruin above the village of Sveta Trojica, near Moravče in central Slovenia.
History.
The castle was probably built in the 12th century, in order to protect the trade route from the Moravče Valley to the Lower Sava Valley. Its first recorded owner was Ulschalcus von Rabensberg, of the knights of Rabensberg (), first mentioned in 1214. The castle was abandoned in the 13th century, when the owners relocated to Krumperk Castle, and it was in ruins by the 17th century. The estate was inherited by the Hohenwarths, followed by the sisters of St. Clare from Mekinje. In the second half of the 19th century, the castle became known as Old Castle () or Freight Castle (), named after the nearby freight route from the Central Sava Valley. In 1930, the land surrounding the ruins was purchased by Senator Valentin Rožič. Remains visible today include the foundations of a defensive tower and some walls; most of the rest of the structure is covered by detritus. Much of the worked stone was recycled for the construction of nearby Holy Trinity Church. 

</doc>
<doc id="20111477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20111477" title="48th Flying Training Squadron">
48th Flying Training Squadron

The 48th Flying Training Squadron (48 FTS) is part of the 14th Flying Training Wing based at Columbus Air Force Base, Mississippi. It operates T-1 Jayhawk aircraft conducting flight training.
History.
World War I.
The 48th constructed and maintained airfields and related facilities in France between 1917 and 1919. It trained aviation personnel from 1927 to 1931 and from 1933 to 1936.
World War II.
The squadron was equipped with P-38 Lightnings in 1941 and assigned to Hamilton Field, California. From 5 February to 3 June 1942 it flew air defense patrols along the California coast. It was deployed to the European Theater of Operations (ETO) in August 1942 to fly escort missions of B-17 and B-24 heavy bombers as part of VIII Fighter Command.
The squadron was sent to North Africa in late 1942 as part of the Operation Torch invasion forces, taking up station in Algeria. It was reassigned to the Twelfth Air Force and flew fighter escort missions for the B-17 Flying Fortresses operating from Algeria as well as tactical interdiction strikes on enemy targets of opportunity in Algeria and Tunisia during the North African Campaign.
Following the German defeat and withdrawal from North Africa the squadron participated in the Allied invasions of Sicily and Italy and the subsequent drive of the United States Fifth Army up the Italian peninsula. It was engaged primarily in tactical operations after November 1943, supporting ground forces and attacking enemy targets of opportunity such as railroads, road convoys, bridges, strafing enemy airfields and other targets. The squadron was deployed to Corsica in 1944 to attack enemy targets in support of the Free French Forces in the liberation of the island and to support Allied forces in the invasion of southern France. The squadron continued offensive operations until the German capitulation in May 1945. The unit was demobilized during the summer and fall 1945 in Italy and inactivated.
Cold War Air Defense.
It was reactivated in 1946 to the new Air Defense Command to perform air defense of the eastern United States. The 48th FIS was activated at Dow Field in November 1946 with P-47 Thunderbolts. In October 1947 a transition into P-84B Thunderjets was completed. These were flown until the unit was temporarily inactivated on 2 October 1949.
The squadron was redesignated as the 48th Fighter Interceptor Squadron and reactivated in November 1952 at Grenier Air Force Base in Manchester, New Hampshire, with F-47 Thunderbolts, replacing the New Hampshire Air National Guard 133d Fighter-Interceptor Squadron, which was released from federal control. A relocation to Langley AFB was completed in early 1953 along with a transition into F-84Gs and then F-94C Starfires in the fall of 1953. In the summer of 1957 the squadron completed a transition into F-102A Delta Daggers followed by another in the fall of 1960 to F-106 Delta Darts. It deployed to Florida in 1962 during Cuban Missile Crisis. The 48th FIS flew F-15A Eagles from 1982 to 1991, where many of the F-15 were transferred to the Missouri ANG, the Hawaii ANG, and 3 or 4 going to AMARC. The 48th continued training and operational exercises until inactivation in 1991.
Present day.
Currently the squadron specializes in the tanker and airlift track of specialized undergraduate pilot training. Students receive at least 159 hours of flight instruction in the T-1 Jayhawk where they learn air refueling procedures, tactical navigation, airdrop, and advanced navigation. Upon completion of this phase, students earn the aeronautical rating of pilot and receive their Air Force wings.

</doc>
<doc id="20111504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20111504" title="Malasa">
Malasa

Malasa is a village in, Kanpur Dehat district, Uttar Pradesh India.
Malasa is one of the two development block in Bhognipur tehsil.
Demographics.
As of 2001 India census Malasa had a population of 3033 Males constitute 52.46% of the population and females 47.54%

</doc>
<doc id="20111511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20111511" title="Auldgirth railway station">
Auldgirth railway station

Auldgirth railway station was a station which served Auldgirth, in the Scottish county of Dumfries and Galloway. It was served by trains on what is now known as the Glasgow South Western Line north of Dumfries. The latter station is now the nearest to Auldgirth.
History.
Opened by the Glasgow, Dumfries and Carlisle Railway, which became part of the Glasgow and South Western Railway it became part of the London Midland and Scottish Railway during the Grouping of 1923, passing on to the Scottish Region of British Railways during the nationalisation of 1948. It was then closed by the British Railways Board.
The site today.
Trains still pass the site on the Glasgow South Western Line.

</doc>
<doc id="20111514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20111514" title="2007 ITU Triathlon World Cup">
2007 ITU Triathlon World Cup

The 2007 ITU Triathlon World Cup was a series of triathlon races organised by the International Triathlon Union (ITU) for elite-level triathletes. There were fifteen races held in fourteen countries, each held over a distance of 1500 m swim, 40 km cycle, 10 km run (an Olympic-distance triathlon). Alongside a prize purse, points were awarded at each race contributing towards the overall World Cup for which an additional prize purse was awarded. The 2007 World Cup was sponsored by BG Group.
Overall rankings.
At each race of the series points were awarded to the top 20 finishers per the table below. Double points were awarded for results achieved in the ITU Triathlon World Championship race in Hamburg, Germany on 1–2 September.
Medal table.
Note: Rank is arranged by total number of medals.

</doc>
<doc id="20111523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20111523" title="Standardization Administration of China">
Standardization Administration of China

The Standardization Administration of the People's Republic of China (SAC; ) is the standards organization authorized by the State Council of China to exercise administrative responsibilities by undertaking unified management, supervision and overall coordination of standardization work in China. The SAC represents China within the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), the International Electrotechnical Commission (IEC) and other international and regional standardization organizations; the SAC is responsible for organizing the activities of the Chinese National Committee for ISO and IEC; the SAC approves and organizes the implementation of international cooperation and the exchange of projects on standardization.
SAC is headquartered in Haidian District, Beijing.
History.
With the development through China's reforms and opening up, in April 2001, the State Council of China decided to set up the General Administration of Quality Supervision, Inspection & Quarantine of the People's Republic of China (AQSIQ), by merging the former CSBTS and the former State Bureau of Import & Export Inspection and Quarantine (CIQ SA) and, at the same time, to establish the Standardization Administration of the People's Republic of China (SAC) and Certification and Accreditation Administration of the People's Republic of China (CNCA) under AQSIQ.
Related organizations.
Standards and conformity assessment bodies:
The Ministry of Agriculture interfaces with the Food and Agricultural Organization and the Codex Alimentarius Commission.
The State Administration of Quality Supervision, Inspection and Quarantine (AQSIQ) interfaces with the IOML, the APLMF and the APEC/Sub-Committee on Standards and Conformance (SCSC).
Administration of Certification & Accreditation of China.
Known as the CNCA.
Standardization Administration of China.
The SAC interfaces with the IEC, the APEC/SCSC, the JTC1, the ISO and the PASC.
Ministry of Industry and Information Technology.
The Ministry of Industry and Information Technology (MIIT) interfaces with the ITU.
Technical.
Committees.
Standardization technical committees

</doc>
<doc id="20111532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20111532" title="Pimental">
Pimental

Pimental is a surname. It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20111538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20111538" title="Lutheran Volunteer Corps">
Lutheran Volunteer Corps

The Lutheran Volunteer Corps is a national volunteer service program that was founded in 1979 by Luther Place Memorial Church in Washington, D.C. Each year, LVC places around 140 volunteers in thirteen different cities in the US to work for social justice with various nonprofit organizations.
History.
Recognizing the intense need for volunteers in the 1970s and inspired by many other service organizations such as the Jesuit Volunteer Corps, Pastor John Steinbruck asked in 1976 why a Lutheran volunteer organization was not in place. Luther Place had been gaining momentum and addressing social justice issues through several outreach programs in the 1970s. In 1973, John and Erna Steinbruck co-founded N Street Village, a continuum of care for homeless women. The idea of creating the Lutheran Volunteer Corps was well received by the congregation of Luther Place as a method of further addressing the apparent needs in the surrounding community as well as expanding to a national influence. By the early 1980s, LVC had set up houses of volunteers in Washington, D.C., Baltimore, Maryland, and Wilmington, Delaware. As of 2013, 137 volunteers are in the following cities: Washington, D.C.; Baltimore, Maryland; Wilmington, Delaware; Minneapolis, Minnesota; St. Paul, Minnesota; Omaha, Nebraska, Milwaukee, Wisconsin; Chicago, Illinois; Tacoma, Washington; Seattle, Washington; Oakland, California; San Francisco, California; and Berkeley, California.
The organization has considered new placement cities for volunteers, and more houses in some cities, to meet growing demand for volunteer positions. 
LVC's National Office is located in Luther Place Memorial Church in Washington, D.C. The National Board of Directors is composed of 15 representatives from the varied placement cities.
Core values.
Intentional community – LVC Volunteers live together in intentional community. This idea is inspired by the life and teachings of Jesus Christ and encourages open communication and shared diversity. LVC housemates are required to convene at least once a week for an evening of community, and once each month this evening should focus on spirituality, however that may be understood by volunteers. 
Social justice – Volunteers are placed in direct social service agencies or public policy organizations, working together for people and justice. Issue areas that are addressed through LVC include: AIDS/HIV, Addiction and Recovery, Anti-Racism, Children and Youth, Education, Employment, Environment, Food and Hunger, LGBTQ, Health Care, Housing and Homelessness, Immigration and Refugees, Peace and Non-Violence, People with Disabilities, Seniors, and Women.
Some example placements at which Lutheran Volunteers have served in the past are: N Street Village in Washington, DC, the Midtown Greenway Coalition in Minneapolis, MN, and the East Bay Alliance for a Sustainable Economy in Oakland, CA.
Simplicity & sustainability – the idea of living simply and finding ways to be more environmentally aware as well as working towards simplicity of time and a focus on deepening relationships. The stipend of Lutheran Volunteers, which is $105 for personal expenses and $105 for food per person each month encourages volunteers to pool money and resources to buy groceries and explore other ways of building community and having fun than the typical consumer mindset of Americans. 
Though LVC is affiliated with the Evangelical Lutheran Church of America, only about 1/3 of the volunteers are Lutheran. The remainder of volunteers come from various faith backgrounds. In all cases, faith discussions and spiritual reflections are encouraged to introduce new perspectives and enrich dialog.

</doc>
<doc id="20111539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20111539" title="Dancesport at the 2007 Asian Indoor Games">
Dancesport at the 2007 Asian Indoor Games

Dancesport at the 2007 Asian Indoor Games was held in Macau Forum, Macau, China from 27 October to 28 October 2007.
Results.
Standard dance.
Five dances.
October 28
Quickstep.
October 27
Slow foxtrot.
October 27
Tango.
October 27
Viennese waltz.
October 27
Waltz.
October 27
Latin dance.
Five dances.
October 27
Cha-cha-cha.
October 28
Jive.
October 28
Paso doble.
October 28
Rumba.
October 28
Samba.
October 28

</doc>
<doc id="20111569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20111569" title="Johannes-Rudolf Mühlenkamp">
Johannes-Rudolf Mühlenkamp

Johannes-Rudolf Mühlenkamp (1910–1986) was a Standartenführer (Colonel) in the Waffen-SS during World War II. He was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves on September 21, 1944.
Biography.
Early life.
Mühlenkamp was born on 9 October 1910 in Montigny-lès-Metz, Alsace-Lorraine. He was one of the early members of the NSDAP and the SS, joining on April 1933. Mühlenkamp was given the party number 2 800 042 and the SS service number 86 065. He was first assigned to the 4th SS Standarte "Schleswig Holstein" in Hamburg before being moved to the 2nd SS Standarte of the SS-Verfügungstruppe in 1934. Then, Mühlenkamp had been selected to become an officer in 1935. He was sent to the SS junker school at Braunschweig.
From April to May 1936, Mühlenkamp completed motorcycle training with the Heers 2nd Panzer Division, being highly successful in pre World War II motorcycle competitions. On completion of his officer training, Mühlenkamp was assigned to the 2nd Battalion of the "Germania" Regiment (5th SS Panzer Division Wiking) as a platoon leader on November 1937. Mühlenkamp took over command of the Motor Cycle Company on May 1938.
World War II.
At the eve of the war, Mühlenkamp was the Divisional Adjutant of the SS-Verfügungstruppe Division, until December 1940, when he was given the command of the Reich Division Reconnaissance Battalion. Mühlenkamp was seriously wounded in the head by artillery shrapnel near Jelnja, Russia. Hospitalized between October and February 1942, Mühlenkamp missed the first Russian winter of the war. On his release from hospital, Johannes Mühlenkamp was assigned to the 5th SS Panzer Grenadier Division Wiking, as Panzer Battalion commander, until March 1943. When the number of soldiers from the battalion have been increased, the battalion was converted into a regiment. On August 1944, Mühlenkamp was given the command of the 5th SS Panzer Division Wiking. He commanded this unit until October 1944. Then, Mühlenkamp was promoted Inspector of Waffen SS Panzer troops in the SS-Führungshauptamt. His last command was the 32. SS-Panzergrenadier-Division from January 1945 to February 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="20111579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20111579" title="Monmouth Beach Stakes">
Monmouth Beach Stakes

The Monmouth Beach Stakes is an American Thoroughbred horse race run annually at Monmouth Park Racetrack in Oceanport, New Jersey.
Raced near the end of May, it is open to fillies and mares, age three and older. It is contested on dirt at a distance of one mile and seventy yards. Weights are assigned at 117 lbs. for three-year-olds and at 124 lbs for older horses, plus specific allowances. It currently offers a purse of $70,000.
The Monmouth Beach Stakes has been raced at various distances, recently at one mile in 2002 and 2007, 11/16 miles in 2003, 2004 and 1⅛ miles in 2005.
Past winners include the Canadian Horse Racing Hall of Fame inductee Wilderness Song who won in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="20111605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20111605" title="N11 road (South Africa)">
N11 road (South Africa)

The N11 is a National Route in South Africa, connecting the Botswana border at Grobler's Bridge with the N3 near Ladysmith in KwaZulu-Natal.
Route.
From the border post at Grobler's Bridge, the N11 runs south-east through Limpopo province to Mokopane (where it meets the N1) and then southwards to enter Mpumalanga near Marble Hall. In Mpumalanga it continues south-east to Ermelo, where it meets the N17 and the eastern end of the N2. From Ermelo it runs south to enter KwaZulu-Natal at Volksrust. In KwaZulu-Natal it continues south through Newcastle, where it meets the R34 and then south-west through Ladysmith to end at the N3 freeway.
The N11 is arguably the worst road in South Africa, as it carries 1000 trucks a day due to being an alternate route between Gauteng and KwaZulu-Natal to the N3 freeway.
Newcastle is the largest and main city along this scenic route. SANRAL has plans for upgrading the Newcastle bypass which encompass bulking up of the various interchanges and partial realignment of the route.
Currently this route is experiencing major roadwork and upgrade between Middelburg and Ermelo, Volksrust and Newcastle, Newcastle to the R68 Dundee interchange and Ladysmith to the N3 freeway.

</doc>
<doc id="20111624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20111624" title="Veerampattinam">
Veerampattinam

Veerampattinam is the biggest coastal village in the union territory of Puducherry situated between Pondicherry and Cuddalore. The village is 7 km away from the Pondicherry city centre and frequent bus services are available from Pondicherry for almost once in every 10–15 minutes. The population of the village is more than 6,000.
The village has the history of over 500 years and has got a good layout as you evidence from wikimapia. It has got rivers on both the side which helps the fishermen to protect their crafts during cyclone periods. The surrounding area of the village looks green always as its enriched with water and nutrient resources.
Beach of the village.
The village has quite a lengthy and one of the most beautiful beaches in India which attracts tourist from local as well as abroad. A large number of people take sun bath and relax at the beach almost round the year. One can also enjoy seeing fishermen working with traditional fishing crafts and nets at dedicated sites. Other scenes including fishing boats entering into harbour and sea could also be witnessed while having fun at the beach.
Festivals in the village.
The village is famous for Car Festival celebrated here on the occasion of the 6 weeks long village temple (Shri Sengazhuneer Amman Temple) festival since the date immemorial. It attracts thousands of people from far and near. Veerampattinam is also famous for Masi Magam (gathering of several deities in front of beach) which is held in February or March of every year.
Profession of the villagers.
Most of the elderly citizens of the village are following fishing profession while youngsters of the village are working as professional experts as well as labours across India and abroad. A good amount of people are working as officers, engineers and labours in merchant ships. The village had not been developing well in the past until few of years back especially after 100% of the village children started going to school.

</doc>
<doc id="20111641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20111641" title="Andreea Isărescu">
Andreea Isărescu

Florenţa Andreea Isărescu (born July 3, 1984 in Bucharest, Romania) is a Romanian artistic gymnast who competed in international events between 1997 and 2000. She is an Olympic gold medalist and a world gold medalist with the team.

</doc>
<doc id="20111651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20111651" title="Swimming at the 1932 Summer Olympics – Men's 200 metre breaststroke">
Swimming at the 1932 Summer Olympics – Men's 200 metre breaststroke

The men's 200 metre breaststroke was a swimming event held as part of the swimming at the 1932 Summer Olympics programme. It was the sixth appearance of the event, which was established in 1908. The competition was held from Thursday August 11, 1932 to Saturday August 13, 1932.
Eighteen swimmers from eleven nations competed.
Records.
These were the standing world and Olympic records (in minutes) prior to the 1932 Summer Olympics.
In the first heat Yoshiyuki Tsuruta improved his own Olympic record with 2:46.2 minutes. In the first semi-final Reizo Koike bettered the Olympic record with 2:44.9 minutes.
Results.
Heats.
Thursday August 11, 1932: The fastest two in each heat and the fastest third-placed from across the heats advanced to the final.
Heat 1
Heat 2
Heat 3
Heat 4
Semifinals.
Friday August 12, 1932: The fastest three in each semi-final advanced to the final.
Semifinal 1
Semifinal 2
Final.
Saturday August 13, 1932:

</doc>
<doc id="20111663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20111663" title="Coliseu dos Recreios">
Coliseu dos Recreios

Coliseu dos Recreios, or Coliseu de Lisboa (Lisbon Coliseum), is a concert hall in Lisbon, Portugal. It is situated in the "Rua das Portas de Santo Antão" in Pombaline Lower Town.
The venue was opened on 14 August 1890, and a major refurbishment was completed in February 1994. The hall's capacity is from 2,846 (all seated) up to 4,000 people, depending on how it is configured.
Beside musical concerts, other shows are hosted there, including theatre, circus, dance shows and awards ceremonies. Other performance acts have included Cirque du Soleil, Tango Fire, and several ballets.

</doc>
<doc id="20111669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20111669" title="List of Popotan characters">
List of Popotan characters

The characters of the Japanese visual novel "Popotan" were designed by Akio Watanabe under the alias Poyoyon♡Rock, and the characters in the anime adaptation were designed by Rondo Mizukami and based on Akio Watanabe's original concepts for the visual novel. The series takes place on a fictional Earth in which exist supernatural beings with powers and follows three such supernatural sisters as they travel through time in a mansion, searching for the reason for their journey. Though many of the characters in the visual novel share personality traits and character relations with their anime counterparts, there are numerous differences between the two media. Both the visual novel and anime have mutually exclusive characters in addition to the changes in character roles.
In the visual novel, the main protagonist is Chris, whom the player controls. Chris is a slacker who roams from town to town until he comes across the unnamed town that is the setting of "Popotan". The story centers around him as he moves in with three sisters and their maid (all of whom become the protagonists for the anime) and his transformation in his lifestyle. In the anime, the primary protagonists of the series are the three sisters, Ai, Mai and Mii. Ai is a compassionate, motherly figure whose overly compassionate nature often causes problems. Mai is a tomboy who wishes for the quest to end and to live a normal life. Mii is an energetic child who likes to cosplay and help people in trouble. Early on, the series explored the characters' personalities by focusing on a single character per episode. The sisters' maid, Mea, is portrayed as a secondary protagonist in the anime, but is portrayed as a primary protagonist in the radio drama that is a continuation of the anime.
Main characters.
Sisters.
In the visual novel their roles are as principal romancable characters for the protagonist while in the anime they, along with their maid, Mea, take on the roles of the protagonist. The three sisters, Ai, Mai and Mii, all have supernatural powers that differ based loosely on their personality type. All three live together under the same roof of a Western-style mansion with a maid helping take care of their needs.
Ai.
, the oldest sister and acting landlord of the mansion. She is the only major character with large breasts and often wears a Santa Claus-style hat over her green hair. She is near-sighted and needs glasses to see clearly; additionally, she has a no sense of direction. Ai is a motherly figure and constantly tries to help people. She does most of the chores their maid does not, and, loves to cook despite being an incompetent. Her easygoing caring nature often leads her to fail things because she cannot muster the resolve to criticize others. Believing she is ugly and fat, Ai wears clothing and glasses to hide behind. This is why she allows Chris to stay with them when she finds out he has nowhere else to go. Ai also loves to take baths, more than once a day if possible. She also seems to be the de facto caretaker of the sisters' pet ferret, Unagi, which hides under her hat. Ai has the ability to speak to plants, specifically dandelions, which she and her sisters refer to as "popotan".
In the anime, Ai becomes accustomed to the time traveling and non-aging and is mostly unaffected by it until she meets Daichi as an adult. She uses her ability help them find Shizuku, whom the sisters are searching for. Ai is voiced by Mayu Fujisaki in the visual novel; in the anime she is voiced in Japanese by Sayaka Ohara and in English by Nicole Oliver.
Mai.
, the middle sister, has pink hair and usually wears sporty clothes. Mai is constantly reminded of her small breast size by her younger sister Mii, which causes her to lose her temper. Mai goes to school with Mii and has a friend there, Konami, who knows Chris from the past. Although she is the middle sister, Mai governs household affairs such as the budget. She longs to leave the mansion but does not want to burden Ai whom she knows does not have the willpower to deal with such responsibilities. Mai has a tomboyish personality and is very short-tempered, especially when it comes to Chris, the more so when she thinks she'll lose face. She is the only character who vehemently opposes Chris's staying at the mansion, despite the fact that he pays rent.
Mai's role is more prominent in the anime. Early in the season she had problems with constantly moving; because she thought everyone hated her after making friends and then abandoning them, she became so depressed that she refused to go to school. She understood the impact of their journeys on others, but unlike Ai, did not have the maturity to cope with it. Early on in the series she makes friends with a classmate of hers, Konami. When it was time for Mai to leave, Konami helped convince Mai that she was wrong and in consolation Konami left a sketch portrait of Mai she made for a class assignment as a departing gift stating that they will remain friends forever, even if they never see each other again. While waiting for Mai's return, Konami passes away two years before the mansion is in a location where the two could meet again. Later in the series, Mai meets Konami's daughter; she initially mistakes her for Konami but quickly learns her name is Mai and that she was named by Konami in memory of her friend. Mai discovers that Konami's daughter has more in common with her than a name: she, like her namesake, feels that everyone hates her. As a result, Mai feels it her duty to both Konami and her daughter to show her that way of thinking was wrong, just as Konami did for her. Mai ultimately gave up and failed at the time when she Konami had still been waiting for her even as she lay dying. This, compounded with Keith's words about the pain the girls bring to others, reawakening her depression in a much deeper manner. When she returns to visit Konami later and leaves, as a departing request, asks Konami to explain to her daughter what she felt so that she would not follow the same path as the younger sister Mai. Along with Mea, the maid, Mai is left at one point when the mansion disappears into the future without them. It is during this time that Mai realizes that she cannot age and Ai explains the connection to the mansion and aging process. Mai is voiced by Mio Oukawa in the visual novel; in the anime she is voiced in Japanese by Masumi Asano and in English by Nicole Bouma.
Mii.
, the youngest sister, has light purple hair that is often tied in a double-bun on her head, except when she cosplays as "Magical Girl Mii"; she then wears it in twin pony-tails. Mii goes to the same school as Mai. Mii is the most energetic, perverted and naive of the three. She goes around asking Chris to play with her almost anytime she sees him and loves to cosplay as a magical girl, "Magical Girl Mii", trying to help others out around town, though the results often vary. The game has more sexual scenes involving her than any other character. She tries to have sex with Chris early on and has sex with Mea, the maid, a few times.
Mii is not as lascivious in the anime, though she has an obsession with defining plushy things, especially Ai's breasts. She also loves to compare breast sizes of various females. Also, though she passes through time like the rest of the girls, her very naivete and energy allow her to overcome most of the jumps with ease.
"Magical Girl Mii" was used in the anime, though its origins were changed. In the anime it was a specialized cosplay costume she had created to mimic a magical girl television show which cost a lot of money, but Ai seemed easily able to pay for it. That episode she met a chronically ill girl named Miyuki and attempted to cheer up. After this, she wears it around and pretends to help stop evil and believes she has superpowers. Later during the episode, Miyuki collapsed from overexertion playing with Mii. Mii tried to use powers she thought she had to heal her. The attempt was successful, and Ai revealed to the viewers that Mii's special power was healing. However, Mii remains unaware of this for a good portion of the season, and continues to believe that she has other powers as well. After the episode, Mii continues to cosplay in the outfit with the same type of antics. Mii is voiced by Toromii in the visual novel; in the anime she is voiced in Japanese by Momoi Haruko and in English by Jocelyne Loewen.
Mea.
, the sisters' maid, who is sometimes referred to as Mare in the visual novel and Mear in the fan book, is actually a lifelike android that has existed for a long time. Her scarlet hair is tied down into two long pigtails that reach her elbows. She appears completely unemotional, especially at the beginning of the game, but she has her own desires and becomes friendlier with Chris as the story progresses to varying degrees depending upon whether it's her scenario or not.
In the anime, Mii constantly points out Mea's small breast size, though she does not lose her temper like Mai. She also has a voracious appetite despite her diminutive figure. She starts out more robotic-like, but becomes less so as the story progresses, such as in Episode 4 when she becomes concerned and fixes the doll of a malevolent-but-lonely child's spirit and seems to make some emotional connection to it. These scenes though are largely seen only by the audience and not by any of the major characters. Mea is left behind with Mai when the house vanishes after visiting the hot springs. She and Mai later rejoin the group, when the mansion returns five years later to the same spot. While waiting for the mansion to return, she works as a rental maid in the area to keep things up with Mai. It is later revealed that Mea is a "guard" sent to help the girls along their journey and that Mea is working with Shizuku under Keith.
While Mea is listed officially as an android for the anime, it is unclear while watching "Popotan" that this is the case as there is no given reference, beyond her personality, to that effect. In episode four it is revealed she is not human, but the episode does not state what she is. Mea is voiced by Asumi Noda in the visual novel; in the anime she is voiced in Japanese by Mai Kadowaki and in English by Anna Cummer.
Shizuku.
In the anime, Shizuku is the reason for the girls' travels. She is portrayed as a goddess of the dandelions; for most of the anime, is referred to by the three sisters as "The One" as they do not know her name. When the sisters finally meet Shizuku, she tests them by offering them a choice between returning to a time period of their choice or continuing their time-traveling. Shizuku is voiced by Minami Nagasaki in the visual novel and by Rumi Shishido in the Japanese anime.
Secondary Characters.
Konami.
In the anime, she is responsible for breaking Mai's cyclical nature of her depression. She becomes a great artist and eventually has a daughter who she decided to name Mai; Mai, the sister, eventually meets her in the future and at first mistakes her for Konami. When Mai, the sister, returns to be with Konami after meeting with Konami, she asks Konami to teach her daughter that both of them enjoyed their friendship and never resented the other for leaving, hoping to change the personality of Mai. Konami is voiced by Miki Haruse in the visual novel, by Tomoko Kawakami in the Japanese anime, and by Tabitha St. Germain in the English anime.
Nono.
In the anime, Nono is one of Mii's closest friends, though Nono seems to show quickly signs of wearing out under Mii's constant enthusiasm because she is slightly older than Mii and has been under rigorous training by her grandfather whom she cares for every much despite his often harsh treatment of heathen ways, especially holidays like Christmas. Nono is voiced by Junko Kusayanagi in the visual novel, by Sakura Nogawa in the Japanese anime, and by Brenna O'Brien in the English anime.
Claude.
Depending upon how the story unfolds, Claude's appearance may be closer to that of a minor character in certain scenarios, though he still plays a key role in several endings. He is central to Konami's scenario as he attempts to rape her in it after he and some other members of his band seduce her, specifically because she has a relation with Chris. Since she is enthralled with Claude because of he's a rockstar, she is easily blinded. In Mii's scenario, one of her several "Magical Gril Mii" mini-games involve Claude.
Keith.
Keith works under Shizuku like Mea, but stronger and higher ranked than she. He often disagrees with her about the three sisters. While it appears he's trying to work against the girls, in one of the final scenes he's shown to be content with the decision they eventually make. Keith is voiced by Yuuji Takada in Japanese and by Brian Drummond in English.
Other characters.
Kokoa.
Kokoa is semi-hidden romanceable character, though her level of interaction otherwise would be indistinguishable with a minor character. She is not listed among the official main characters on sites like Getchu, but does have her own character image and scene reminisce section.　Kokoa is voiced by Mayu Ayatayo in the visual novel.
Unagi.
, is a white female ferret that can transform into a humanoid hybrid; she is the only notable such hybrid of its type in any form of literature. In her humanoid form, Unagi is indistinguishable from a normal human except for her white tail. She also has white hair as well. She does not get along with Mii at all as Mii becomes jealous of the time she spends with Chris.
Unagi is essentially the mascot character for the series in both forms. She is used in the character menus for the navigating the game and introduces the next episode in her humanoid form in the anime.
In the game, she only appears in her humanoid form after completing Ai's route and choosing to play post-game scenario when starting a new game.
In the anime, she is essentially the family's pet and is found usually around Ai and dislikes Mii who torments her at times. She never transforms in any of the episodes and it's unclear whether she can. In the episode preview at the end of episode one, she explains she can, but the segment is in an out-of-storyline context. Unagi' is voiced by Kanon Torii in the visual novel;
Mai (Konami's Daughter).
Mai, Konami's daughter, is visually an exact duplicate of Konami. Emotionally she is completely the opposite. Where Konami was optimistic, she is pessimistic; where Konami was outgoing, she is an introvert; where her mother cherished Mai, the sister, she hates her. She appears only in the anime.
Mai, the daughter, eventually meets Mai, the middle sister, who at first mistakes her for Konami as they look exactly alike. The daughter resents Mai, the middle sister, for abandoning her mother which further deepens the latter Mai's depression. Konami's daughter, Mai, develops a similar personality to that of the other Mai in that she chooses to close herself off from having friends. In the final episode, an adult Mai explains the travels to Daisuke, the male child of Asuka and Daichi. Mai is voiced by in Japanese Tomoko Kawakami and in English Maggie Blue O'Hara.
Merchandise.
"Popotan" has had a number of merchandise based on the female characters. All of the major romanceable girls from the game have had perverted figurines designed for them, with Mii getting additional ones from other sets. Resin model kits for all of the major protagonists as well as other important female characters have been released, several of which are in perverted poses and Mai's displaying a bare chest. Petit Ferret also released a cell-phone card set, dripping matt, and other items based around the anime's protagonists. One official anime wallpaper was released without being included in other products. Mii has also been featured in an e-calendar at "Bishōjo Kyaramero"'s website. Unagi was also featured in a plushie of her ferret form for sale by Petit Ferret/Popo House.
In December 2003 and March 2004, WellMADE released two mini-games based around the character Unagi free to the public in a series entitled . These games, where Unagi is the heroine, are meant to humorous and fun. The second one allows Unagi to transform into her humanoid form after a certain point in the game.
Reception.
Visual novel.
The visual novel's Japanese voice actor have all commented on their time working on the title. Mayu Fujisaki comments that her time spent of Ai's character was a valuable experience. She comments that Ai is cute, gentle and tolerant.
Anime.
Mania states that Mea is "oddest of the [main characters" since she appears first as very robotic in both action and appearance, but as the story progresses and her personality evolves becomes less so. Another Mania reviewer claims that Mai, the middle sister, is by far the most interesting of the characters since her episodes revolve around the struggle of trying to live an ordinary life when doing so it impossible and thus her story outshines the other main characters' stories. In a second review, the former Mania reviewer did praise the way the anime brought back Daichi as an adult and the way the anime handled the issues that would likely occur with such a fantastical encounter, though in another review by the same author he criticizes the anime for placing Mai and Mii on the journey through time and space since they'll never have a chance to grow up, although he later admits he might be reading too much into things.
All of the female characters, but especially Mii's, bath and other partial nudity scenes from anime sparked a lot of controversy when the anime was released on North American DVDs as they had a lot uncensored images of the character's chests, though Akio Watanabe is still credited with having great character designs. Mania stats that most of the main anime characters are mostly visually appealing, though still stereotypical, designs and claims "the most interesting looking character" is Konami with Miyuki close behind. Mania goes further and claims that Miyuki actually fills the costume better cosplaying as a "Magical Girl" than Mii.
References.
General
Specific

</doc>
<doc id="20111702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20111702" title="Class 77">
Class 77

Class 77 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20111706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20111706" title="Frederick Martin (politician)">
Frederick Martin (politician)

Frederick Martin CBE (23 October 1882 – 18 January 1950) was a Scottish Liberal, later Labour politician and journalist.
Family and education.
Martin was born in Peterhead in Aberdeenshire, the third son of William Martin and Agnes Clark. He was educated at Peterhead Academy. He married Flora Rennie and they had two daughters.
Early career.
Martin became a journalist, working on the Aberdeen Free Press and Morning Post. In 1914 he joined the 5th Battalion, the Gordon Highlanders and was commissioned as a Second Lieutenant. He served until 1915 but became blind during his period of training and was hospitalised in St Dunstans Hostel for Blinded Soldiers and Sailors.
Liberal politics.
Martin was elected Liberal Member of Parliament for East Aberdeenshire at the 1922 general election. 
It was rare for anyone with a disability to get elected to Parliament but his blindness during war service brought him a great deal of personal sympathy. He held the seat at the 1923 general election 
but was defeated in 1924 when he faced a three-cornered contest. 
He tried unsuccessfully to re-enter Parliament as Liberal candidate for Central Aberdeenshire at the 1929 general election.
Labour.
After the 1929 general election, Martin defected from the Liberals to Labour, succumbing to a feeling that this was the end of the line for the old Liberal party. Despite the party having fought a spirited and radical campaign under the leadership of David Lloyd George it had failed to break back into power. According to one historian, Martin was one of a number of MPs, former MPs and candidates who could no longer imagine the circumstances in which the party could ever succeed again. He stood for Parliament, now in the Labour interest, contesting East Aberdeenshire at the general elections of 1931 
and 1935.
He remained as Labour Prospective Parliamentary Candidate for a general election expected to take place in 1939 or 1940. However, by the time the next election came in 1945, he had been replaced as candidate.
Local government.
However Martin did achieve political success at local government level. He served as Vice-Chairman of Aberdeenshire Education Authority from 1925-30. In 1929 he was elected a member of Aberdeenshire County Council and was Chairman of the Public Health Committee from 1932–45 and Chairman of the Education Committee, 1946-47. He was Vice-Convener (equivalent to Vice-Chairman) of the County between 1946 and 1949, when he became Convener. He died in office.
Honours.
Martin was awarded the CBE in 1942 and was appointed Deputy Lieutenant of Aberdeenshire in 1949.
Death.
Martin died at his home in Mintlaw in Aberdeenshire on 18 January 1950, aged 67.

</doc>
<doc id="20111713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20111713" title="Catherine Ponder">
Catherine Ponder

Catherine Ponder is considered one of America's foremost inspirational authors. She has written more than a dozen books, which include such bestsellers as her "Millionaires of the Bible" series. She is a minister of the non-denominational Unity faith and has been described as "the Norman Vincent Peale among lady ministers." She has served in Unity Churches since 1956, and heads a global ministry in Palm Desert, California.
After studying business she enrolled in the Unity Ministerial School, receiving a Bachelor of Science in Education in 1956. She was ordained as a Unity Church minister in 1958, with an initial ministry in Birmingham, Alabama (1958–61). She founded ministries in Austin, Texas (1961–69), San Antonio (1969–73) and Palm Desert, California in 1973, where she remains minister.
Ponder wrote her first prosperity book "The Dynamic Laws of Prosperity" in the early 1960s whilst living in Birmingham, Alabama. Her life expanded dramatically whilst she was in the midst of finishing that book. She married and moved to the southwest, where her husband taught at the University of Texas. Much later, after her husband's death, her life changed again. In the early 1970s, another move took her to San Antonio, Texas. There she remarried and wrote a sequel to that earlier book, entitled "Open Your Mind to Prosperity".
She has given lectures on the universal principles of prosperity in most of the major cities of America (and a lot of small ones, too): from Town Hall and the Waldorf Astoria Hotel in New York, to the Phoenix Country Club in Arizona, to the Pioneer Theater Auditorium in Reno, Nevada. From Honolulu to New Orleans she has given interviews on television and radio, as well as numerous interviews by the print media.
Ponder's "The Dynamic Laws of Prosperity" was included among 50 'success classics' in an eponymous book by personal development scholar Tom Butler-Bowdon. Her "Open Your Mind To Prosperity" was separately featured in his book "50 Prosperity Classics".

</doc>
<doc id="20111741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20111741" title="Class 78">
Class 78

Class 78 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20111743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20111743" title="Papyrus 74">
Papyrus 74

Papyrus 74 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), designated by formula_174, is a copy of the New Testament in Greek. It is a papyrus manuscript of the Acts of the Apostles and Catholic epistles with lacunae. The manuscript paleographically had been assigned to the 7th century. 
Description.
The surviving texts are verses: 
Acts 1:2-28:31 †; James 1:1-5:20 †; 1 Peter 1:1-2,7-8,13,19-20,25; 2:6-7,11-12,18,24; 3:4-5; 2 Peter 2:21; 3:4,11,16; 1 John 1:1,6; 2:1-2,7,13-14,18-19,25-26; 3:1-2,8,14,19-20; 4:1,6-7,12,18-19; 5:3-4,9-10,17; 2 John 1,6-7,13; 3 John 6,12; Jude 3,7,11-12,16,24.
Despite the late date, it is an important manuscript and excellent witness for the book of Acts.
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type. Aland ascribed it as a “strict text”, and placed it in Category I.
It is currently housed at the Bibliotheca Bodmeriana (P. Bodmer XVII) in Cologny.

</doc>
<doc id="20111757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20111757" title="Battle for the Lira">
Battle for the Lira

The Battle for the Lira was an economic policy undertaken by the Fascists in Italy during the 1920s as an attempt to raise the claims of Italy becoming a great power.
Background.
When Benito Mussolini took over as Prime Minister of Italy in 1922 the economy was in a bad state following World War I. Between 1922 and 1925, the financial and economic situation generally improved dramatically and this helped to increase the power of Italy, who strived to be one of the world's leading countries. 
Italy wanted to restore some of its purchasing power. But in order for this to happen it was vital that they had a strong currency, the Lira. Mussolini took the view that a weak lira would look bad for the country when presenting Italy as a great power across Europe and the United States.
Details.
Aims.
The policy had a number of aims. These comprised:
Back in October 1922, 90 lira to £ had been the rate but it had declined sharply, even reaching 150 lira to £ in 1926.
Actions.
The policy was confirmed at the Pesaro Speech on 18 August 1926 and was given the name "Quota 90", referring to the value they wanted to achieve.
Results.
The revaluation hit Italy's export trade, but, by making imports cheaper, benefited heavy industries, such as steel and chemicals, which relied on imported raw materials. These industries later provided the basis for an expanded rearment industry and so supported the 'active' foreign policy, which became the chief characteristic of the fascist state. Tariffs on undesirable imports such as consumer goods and foodstuffs kept their high price and restricted demand, protecting Mussolini's Battle for grain policy.

</doc>
<doc id="20111782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20111782" title="Mark Ronan">
Mark Ronan

Mark Andrew Ronan (born 1947) is Emeritus Professor of Mathematics at the University of Illinois at Chicago and Honorary Professor of Mathematics at University College London. He has lived and taught in: Germany (at the University of Braunschweig and the Free University of Berlin); in England, where from 1989 to 1992 he was Mason Professor of Mathematics at the University of Birmingham; and America at the University of Illinois at Chicago, where his teaching included courses on ancient literature from Mesopotamia, and on the history of the calendar, as well as mathematics.
In addition to his research papers, Ronan's popular account of the quest to discover and classify all the finite building blocks for symmetry (the finite simple groups) was published in 2006. In 2008 it formed the basis for a series of BBC radio broadcasts. In his research work he is an expert on the theory of Buildings, with a standard text on the subject, now being reissued in paperback. Apart from his professional work, he has acted in many operas at the Lyric Opera of Chicago, danced in the Nutcracker, and maintains a blog on opera, ballet and theatre reviews.
Bibliography.
"Lectures on Buildings", original edition, Academic Press 1989; paperback edition, updated and revised, University of Chicago Press 2009.
"Symmetry and the Monster", Oxford University Press 2006. ISBN 978-0-19-280723-6

</doc>
<doc id="20111819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20111819" title="Oxana Kostina">
Oxana Kostina

Oksana A. Kostina, (; 15 April 1972 – 11 February 1993) was a Soviet individual rhythmic gymnast. She was the 1992 World All-around champion and 1992 European All-around bronze medalist.
Career.
For years, Kostina remained in the shadow of two Ukrainian gymnasts, Oxana Skaldina and Alexandra Timoshenko. Though she won won the all-around bronze medal at the 1992 European Championships, she was not selected for the Olympic Games in Barcelona. Kostina and her coach, Olga Buyanova, frustrated by what they felt was the Unified Team's favoritism toward Skaldina, traveled to Barcelona and Kostina trained with the British team for a short time before the Russian Federation ordered her home. 
In the absence of the two Ukrainian gymnasts, Kostina won the All-around gold medal, as well as gold medals in rope, hoop, ball and clubs at the 1992 World Championships in Brussels. Her goal was to compete at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta.
Death.
Kostina died in a car crash on 11 February 1993 in Moscow, a few weeks shy of her 21st birthday.
She was engaged to Eduard Zenovka, Pentathlon bronze-medalist at the Olympic Games in Barcelona. A lorry that was driving in the opposite direction crashed head-on into their vehicle. Both athletes were seriously injured and needed surgery in hospital. Sixteen hours later, Kostina died from injuries sustained at the car crash. The police investigation revealed that Zenovka, who was driving the car, was heavily intoxicated at the time of the accident.
Achievements.
Kostina was one of the few gymnasts to win gold medals in all of the apparatus in a single World Championship, along with Bianka Panova, Ekaterina Serebrianskaya and Evgenia Kanaeva. 

</doc>
<doc id="20111847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20111847" title="Zelin Resiana">
Zelin Resiana

Zelin Resiana (born July 9, 1972 in Magelang, Central Java, Indonesia ) is a female former international level badminton player who specialized in doubles.
Career.
Zelin won women's doubles at the U.S (1996) and Indonesia (1996, 1997) Opens and at the Southeast Asian Games (1997) with Eliza Nathanael. They were runners-up at the prestigious All-England Championships in 1995 and 1997, and were bronze medalists at the 1997 IBF World Championships. Zelin and Nathanael were eliminated in the quarterfinals of the 1996 Olympic Games event in Atlanta, Georgia, USA by the eventual champions China's Ge Fei and Gu Jun. In mixed doubles she won the 1993 Chinese Taipei Open with Denny Kantono. Zelin and Bambang Suprianto were eliminated in the quarterfinals of mixed doubles at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia. Zelin was a member world champion Indonesian Uber Cup (women's international) teams in 1994 and 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="20111849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20111849" title="LMS Rebuilt Patriot Class">
LMS Rebuilt Patriot Class

The London Midland and Scottish Railway (LMS), Rebuilt Patriot Class was a class of 4-6-0 steam locomotives. They were rebuilt from LMS Patriot Class locomotives over the period 1946-1949.
The Patriot class were the fourth type of LMS 2A boilered 4-6-0,
By the end of 1947, the LMS had rebuilt 8 engines, these being 5514/21/6/9-31/40. After nationalisation
Rebuilt locomotives retained their numbers.
Details.
Details of the engines as rebuilt are given below. Note that this only shows LMS numbers as carried by rebuilt engines of the LMS.
Withdrawal.
None were preserved.

</doc>
<doc id="20111860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20111860" title="LMS Rebuilt Royal Scot Class">
LMS Rebuilt Royal Scot Class

The London Midland and Scottish Railway (LMS) Rebuilt Royal Scot Class is a class of 4-6-0 steam locomotives. 70 members of this class were rebuilt by the LMS and its successor British Railways (BR) from LMS Royal Scot Class engines by the replacement of their life expired parallel boilers with a type 2A boiler over the period 1943-1955. (The class sometimes is numbered 71 as it included a prototype 1935 rebuild LMS (4)6170 British Legion, but sufficient technical differences existed which dictate that it is treated separately). They were the second type of LMS 2 and 2A boilered 4-6-0 locomotives, after the rebuild of "British Legion" and the LMS Rebuilt Jubilee Class.
LMS gave them the power classification 6P; this was later revised by BR to 7P.
Preservation.
2 examples survive; (4)6100 "Royal Scot" and (4)6115 "Scots Guardsman".

</doc>
<doc id="20111861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20111861" title="Jeanne Chall">
Jeanne Chall

Jeanne Chall (1921 - November 27, 1999) a Harvard Graduate School of Education psychologist, writer, and literacy researcher for over 50 years, believed in the importance of direct, systematic instruction in reading in spite of other reading trends throughout her career. 
Born in Poland in 1921, Chall was deeply committed to teaching, to the importance of children's successful reading acquisition and the need to address failing readers, to the power of research to answer practical questions, and to the merit of understanding the historical background of research questions. Though her views were often controversial, she was respected by her peers for the meticulous research. Her conclusions about the best way to approach beginning reading were unpopular when she first presented them, though they have subsequently gained acceptance in the literacy community. Chall's professional life was committed to children's successful reading acquisition, especially low S.E.S. children's. She was also committed to finding answers to failure among readers. She responded to the national concern over why many children were not learning to read well, made popular by Rudolf Flesch's "Why Johnny Can't Read", by writing "Learning to Read: The Great Debate". She and Edgar Dale also developed a formula, the Dale-Chall Readability Formula, in 1948 which was considered the most valid and reliable of its kind for determining the readability of texts for several decades. In 1983, Chall added "Stages of Reading Development" to her literacy contributions. Later, in 1996, she and three of her graduate students developed the "Qualitative Assessment of Text Difficulty: A Practical Guide for Teachers and Writers". 
Chall retired from the Harvard Graduate School of Education in 1991. She died at 78 in Cambridge, Massachusetts on November 27, 1999.
Biographical information.
Born in Poland, Chall immigrated at the age of seven to New York City with her family. Unlike her older siblings, Chall began her schooling in the US and ultimately helped teach her parents English so that they could pass their citizenship exams. She graduated from the City College of New York in 1941 with a B.B.A. She served as research assistant to Edgar Dale at Ohio State University, where she received a M.A. in 1947 and a Ph.D. in 1952. Between 1950 and 1965 Chall rose from lecturer to professor at City College. Later she became the director of the Harvard Reading Laboratory at Harvard University. Chall died in 1999 at the age of 78.
Major contributions.
In 1965 Chall moved to Harvard University to create and direct graduate programs in reading for master's and doctoral candidates. She founded the Harvard Reading Laboratory in 1967, directing it until she retired in 1991. The laboratory is now named after her. She served on the board of directors of the International Reading Association, 1961–1964, and on the National Academy of Education's Commission on Reading that resulted in the report Becoming a Nation of Readers (1985). She received many professional awards, last given to her in 1996.
Chall's most important professional contribution was a byproduct of the professional furor over Rudolf Flesch's "Why Johnny Can't Read-and What You Can Do About It" (1955). Flesch attacked the prevailing ideas, saying that reading professionals had ignored their own research.
Chall's "Learning to Read the Great Debate" (1967) quickly became a classic. Major textbook publishers reacted by emphasizing more phonics earlier in their series. Chall's book was updated in 1983 (3rd edition in 1996) with even stronger research findings to support its conclusions.
"Stages of Reading Development" was published in 1983. In 1996, Chall and three graduate students wrote a guide to evaluating the level of texts' reading difficulty, "Qualitative Assessment of Text Difficulty: A Practical Guide for Teachers and Writers."
Chall's last work, published posthumously, was "The Academic Challenge: What Really Works in the Classroom" (2000). In it, she divides American instruction into "child-centered" and "teacher-centered" approaches, suggesting that the 20th century was dominated by the former (discovery approaches) in spite of the research that supported a later theory (explicit teaching).
Notes.
Chall, J.S. (1958). Readability: An appraisal of research and application. Columbus, OH: The Bureau of Educational Research, Ohio State University.
Chall, J.S. & Feldman, S.C. (1966). "A study in depth of first grade reading: An analysis of the interactions of professed methods, teacher implementation and child background". U.S. Office of Education U.S. Department of Health, Education and Welfare.
Chall, J.S. & Conrad, S.S (1991). "Should textbooks challenge students? The case for easier or harder books." New York: Teachers College Press.
Chall, J.S., Bissex, G.L., Conrad, S.S., & Harris-Sharples, S. (1996). "Qualitative assessment of text difficulty: A practical guide for teachers and writers." Cambridge: Brookline Books.

</doc>
<doc id="20111863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20111863" title="LMS Rebuilt Jubilee Class">
LMS Rebuilt Jubilee Class

The London Midland and Scottish Railway (LMS) Rebuilt Jubilee Class consisted of two 4-6-0 steam locomotives.
Both were rebuilt in 1942 from the LMS Jubilee Class engines—5736 "Phoenix" in April 1942 and 5735 "Comet" a month later. They were the second and third examples of the LMS 2A boilered 4-6-0 locomotives, following on from the 1935 pioneer rebuild 6170 "British Legion". Both Jubilees had been built in 1936 at Crewe, and therefore their original type 3A boilers were not life expired and hence were refurbished and reused on different engines rather than being scrapped. They were given the power classification 6P.
From 1943 it was decided not to repeat the conversion on the remaining 189 members of the Jubilee Class. Rather it was decided to rebuild members of the LMS Royal Scot Class into the LMS Rebuilt Royal Scot Class.
Both were inherited by British Railways in 1948 in and BR added 40000 to their numbers so that they became 45735/6. 45736 "Phoenix" was withdrawn in September 1964 and 45735 "Comet" followed in October. Neither was preserved.

</doc>
<doc id="20111872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20111872" title="Mark Capps">
Mark Capps

Mark Capps is a sound engineer and music producer. He co-won the Grammy Award for Best Polka Album in 2005, 2006 and 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20111877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20111877" title="Fallen (George novel)">
Fallen (George novel)

Fallen is a crime novel by the American writer Kathleen George set in 1990s Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. 
It tells the story of the murder of a Pittsburgh doctor, Dan Ross, his distraught wife, and how Commander Richard Christie tracks the killer.
Sources.
"Contemporary Authors Online". The Gale Group, 2006. PEN (Permanent Entry Number): 0000142340.

</doc>
<doc id="20111884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20111884" title="DB Class 78.10">
DB Class 78.10

The two German steam locomotives of DB Class 78.10, operated by the Deutsche Bundesbahn, were rebuilds based on two Prussian P 8 engines which were converted by the firm of Krauss-Maffei and the Minden repair shop. The aim was to improve the acceleration performance of the vehicles, especially for duties on suburban lines and city ("Stadtbahn") lines. 
The running gear, drive and boilers of both locomotives, which originally had the running numbers 38 2919 and 38 2990, remained virtually unchanged. The driver's cab was redesigned. A short tender was added which was coupled to the engine with a shaft and improved the riding qualities when running in reverse. The locomotives were classed as tank engines and initially worked in the Munich area, later in Augsburg and finally by Lake Constance. They remained the only ones of their type and were retired as early as 1961.
Neither of the two DB Class 78.10 locomotives has been preserved.

</doc>
<doc id="20111905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20111905" title="Aultmore railway station">
Aultmore railway station

Aultmore railway station was a station which served Aultmore, in the Scottish county of Moray. It was served by trains on the Buckie and Portessie Branch north of Keith. The latter station is now the nearest to Aultmore.
History.
Opened by the Highland Railway in 1899 it had a short life, the line closing to passengers in 1915. Aultmore became the terminus of a goods spur from Keith and continued this role until 1966.
The site today.
The station house is still used as a home.

</doc>
<doc id="20111962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20111962" title="Hopes and Fears">
Hopes and Fears

Hopes and Fears is the debut album by English alternative rock band Keane and was released on 10 May 2004 in the United Kingdom. It topped the UK album charts upon release, was the second best-selling British album of 2004, behind Scissor Sisters' self-titled album, and has since been certified nine times platinum by BPI. It returned to the top of the charts after winning a Brit Award for Best Album in February 2005.
With more than 2.7 million copies sold in the UK, it was ranked the 11th best-selling album of the 2000s in the UK. In July 2011, it was ranked the 9th biggest-selling album of the 21st century in the UK. Worldwide, the album had sold over 5.8 million copies as of November 2009.
Album information.
Unlike with their follow up album, most songs were already composed by the album's conception date; the track "She Has No Time" was composed circa 1999, making it the earliest composed song appearing on the album, and the remaining were composed just after former member Dominic Scott's departure in July 2001. The tracks "On a Day Like Today" and "We Might As Well Be Strangers" became the last to be composed, circa 2003.
The album was recorded at Helioscentric Studios in Peasmarsh, Rye by Andy Green and the band between September and Christmas 2003. James Sanger did not attend any recording sessions post his involvement with the band in 2001.
The album takes its name from the song "Snowed Under", released as a B-side on the single for "Somewhere Only We Know".
Hal Leonard music published two versions of the official score book for "Hopes and Fears", designed for differing skill levels. The Music Sales Group also published a book, including two demo CDs with accompanying bass and drum tracks, along with scores for the B-side songs "Snowed Under", "Walnut Tree" and "Fly to Me".
The objects on the cover of "Hopes and Fears" are piano hammers in allusion to the band's characteristic piano sound. The many different versions of the album can be distinguished by the colour of the artwork. The original UK version has a dark green cover, the European version a black one, the US version white; the international version has a red-brown scheme, and the Japanese version is blue. The original British one includes the track "On a Day Like Today" and the Japanese "Allemande".
The typeface selected for this, and for all Keane releases off the album was the font "Cochin", designed originally in 1912. The modern italic design of the letters was also followed with similar fonts by some fansites, such as former British site Keaneshaped. The cover single "The Sun Ain't Gonna Shine Anymore" was, however, released with a different font, as it was released by the War Child website, not by Island.
Critical reception.
"Hopes and Fears" received generally favorable reviews from critics. Review aggregating website Metacritic reports a normalized score of 61/100, based on 18 reviews, indicating "generally favorable" reviews.
Playlouder was very positive, calling it "one of the best albums you'll hear this year", as was "Q" magazine, which gave it four out of five stars and said that "as a debut album, its confidence is right up there with [Oasis's] "Definitely Maybe"." Allmusic, giving the album three and a half out of five stars, praised its "beautiful, emotive dalliance of instrumentation", singer Tom Chaplin's "rich vocals" and the band's "open-hearted ambition...audible on every song", while "Rolling Stone" said that the album "contains more hooks than most pop groups manage in their careers."
In a mixed 3-star review, "The Guardian" criticised the first half the album for "relytoo heavily on Chaplin's show-stopping vocals" and for the "radio-friendly simplicity of the lyrics", while praising 'Can't Stop Now' as a "swooning, epic pop song" and 'Untitled 1's "booming drum and bass" on the second half. Drowned in Sound gave it 5 out of 10, accusing Keane of excessively imitating Coldplay (specifically comparing 'Your Eyes Open' and 'On a Day Like Today' with, respectively, 'Daylight' and 'Politik' on the band's album "A Rush of Blood to the Head"), criticising the album as being "stylistically all over the place" and its lyrics as being "immature" and "cringe-worthy". However, it gave credit to the album's "fine moments", praising lead single 'Somewhere Only We Know', for example, as "breathtaking".
Legacy.
In 2006, "British Hit Singles & Albums" and "NME" organised a poll of which, 40,000 people worldwide voted for the 100 best albums ever and "Hopes and Fears" was placed at #51 on the list. The album too ranked #5 in Amazon.co.uk's Best Selling Album of the Decade In 2005 the album won the BRIT Awards of best album In 2010 the album was nominated for Brit awards in the category Album of 30 Years, however lost to Oasis's "(What's the Story) Morning Glory?" In 2011, "Q" magazine made a list called 250 Best Albums of Q's Lifetime 1986-2010 and the album appeared at number 34.
Personnel.
Keane
Additional personnel
Bonus DVD.
A CD+DVD version was released internationally over the course of 2005. This version included two bonus tracks, "Snowed Under" and a remix dance version of "We Might as Well Be Strangers" by DJ Shadow. The DVD contained the four international videos for "Somewhere Only We Know", "Everybody's Changing", "Bedshaped" and "This is the Last Time", and the US video for "Somewhere Only We Know".
This version of "Hopes and Fears" featured also a different box cover design; white and with Keane's "Everybody's Changing" promotional image. The inner 2-CD box had the same cover as the international version.

</doc>
<doc id="20111974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20111974" title="Class 79">
Class 79

Class 79 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20111992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20111992" title="Telephone numbers in Palau">
Telephone numbers in Palau

Country Code: +680<br>
International Call Prefix: 011 or 012
Area codes in Palau.
Long distance call service (PNCC)

</doc>
<doc id="20112005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112005" title="Arras, Albania">
Arras, Albania

Arras is a municipality in the Dibër District, Dibër County, northeastern Albania.

</doc>
<doc id="20112017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112017" title="1986–87 KNVB Cup">
1986–87 KNVB Cup

The 69th edition of the KNVB Cup started on October 11, 1986. The final was played on June 5, 1987: Ajax beat FC Den Haag 4–2 and won the cup for the eleventh time.
First round.
The matches of the first round were played on October 11 and 12, 1986.
Second round.
The matches of the second round were played on November 15 and 16, 1986.
Round of 16.
The matches of the round of 16 were played on March 10 and 11, 1987.
Quarter finals.
The quarter finals were played between March 29 and April 1, 1987. Instead of extra time, a replay was played if necessary.
Replay.
The replay was played on April 15, 1987.
Semi-Finals.
The semi-finals were played on May 5, 1987. Instead of extra time, a replay was played if necessary.
Replay.
The replay was played on May 19, 1987.
Final.
Ajax had won the Cup Winners' Cup tournament this year, therefore the Netherlands were allowed to send two teams to next year's edition of 1987–88. This way, finalists FC Den Haag also qualified.

</doc>
<doc id="20112021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112021" title="Francisco Franco, 2nd Lord of Meirás">
Francisco Franco, 2nd Lord of Meirás

Don Francisco Franco y Martínez-Bordiú, 2nd Lord of Meirás, Grandee of Spain, 11th Marquis of Villaverde (born Madrid, 9 December 1954) is a Spanish aristocrat and grandson of Spanish dictator Francisco Franco.
Family.
Francisco, a. k. a. Francis, is the third of seven children of the noted surgeon Cristóbal Martínez-Bordiú, 10th Marquis of Villaverde, and his wife Carmen Franco y Polo, 1st Duchess of Franco, only child of Spanish dictator Francisco Franco and his wife Carmen Polo. His older sisters are María del Carmen y María de la O, and his four younger siblings are María del Mar, José Cristóbal, María de Aránzazu and Jaime Felipe.
When Francisco was born, General Franco ordered his last names (Martínez-Bordiú y Franco) to be legally inverted so that his first male grandchild could perpetuate the Franco lineage.
Marriage and children.
Francisco Martínez-Bordiú y Franco married firstly, at Altafulla, Tarragona, on 18 December 1981, María de Suelves y Figueroa (b. Lima, 22 August 1957), daughter of Juan José de Suelves y de Ponsich, 11th Marquess of Tamarit (Barcelona, 3 November 1928 - Madrid, 26 July 2004) and his wife (m. San Sebastián, 11 August 1955) Victoria de Figueroa y Borbón, daughter of the 2nd Count of Romanones (paternal grandfather: Álvaro de Figueroa, Conde de Romanones; maternal great-grandfather: Enrique de Borbón, 1st Duke of Seville), and had issue:
Francisco Franco y Martínez-Bordiú and María de Suelves y Figueroa were divorced in 1992. Upon his father's death in 1998, Francisco Franco y Martínez-Bordiú succeeded as 11th Marquess of Villaverde. After the death of his maternal grandmother, Carmen Polo, he was the only one to claim the Lordship of Meirás she had held. Thus, he became Lord of Meirás.
He married secondly, at Móstoles in March 2001, Miriam Guisasola y Carrión (b. 1967), and had issue, born before wedlock:

</doc>
<doc id="20112029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112029" title="Kravjek Castle">
Kravjek Castle

Kravjek Castle (, ) is a ruined castle northwest of Muljava, in Lower Carniola, Slovenia.
History.
Kravjek was once one of the more important castles of the Duchy of Carinthia. Its first owners were the Dukes of Spanheim, who managed the castle via their ministeriales. This practice resulted in the castle's first indirect mention in a 1243 record of a legal proceeding, in which a "Friderik castellanus de Weinek" was called as a witness. The castle was next indirectly mentioned in written sources in 1254, when its castellan Rajnboto of Jetrbenšek, ministerialis of Duke Ulrik III, donated two farms and two vineyards to Stična Abbey. 
The first direct record of the castle dates from 1256, in an agreement signed by the brothers Ulrik and Phillip of Salzburg, dividing their inheritance. Ulrik received Ljubljana Castle and Kostanjevica Castle, and Phillip took possession of the Carinthian castles at Himmelberg and Wernberg, as well as the castles at Sostro and Kravjek.
Phillip sold Kravjek in 1279 to the Patriarchate of Aquileia. It remained a personal fief of the Dukes of Carinthia until 1335, when it passed among the holdings of the duchy itself.

</doc>
<doc id="20112035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112035" title="Tiptree railway station">
Tiptree railway station

Tiptree railway station was a station in Tiptree, Essex. It closed in 1951.

</doc>
<doc id="20112041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112041" title="Bailly Cemetery">
Bailly Cemetery

Bailly Cemetery is a cemetery located at the Indiana Dunes National Lakeshore in Porter, Indiana, USA. 
The cemetery is three-quarters of a mile (1.2 km) north of the Joseph Bailly Homestead on the edge of a sand ridge. The first recorded burial was Robert, the son of Joseph Bailly, in about 1827. Subsequently, the site has been considered a family graveyard. Burials of those outside the Bailly family are numerous. Today, they are all unmarked, including Swedish residents of the area. Outside the cemetery platform to the north there are eight recorded tombstones, four of which are older than 1827: Isaac Schellinger, 1811; Peter Carlbon, 1814; Rhoda Schellinger, 1816; and Thomas B. Speer, 1817.
Cemetery history.
In 1827, Joseph Bailly chose the sand hill as a resting place for his son Robert. He placed a thirty foot wooden cross near the grave which travelers on the nearby trial could easily view. Why he buried his son on this hill, three-fourths of a mile from the home, can only be speculated. Perhaps he did so because it had already been used for burials. More likely, since he marked the place with a large cross, he chose the highest point in the area.
The entire Joseph Bailly family is interred in this cemetery. There are also a stepdaughter, son-in-law, and several grandchildren. In the early years, the Swedish community also used this site as a cemetery, until Rose Bailly Howe restricted it to the Bailly family after 1866. Rose Howe had the grounds enclosed with a wooden fence around 1867. In 1885 she had a six-foot (1.8 m) limestone wall topped with iron spikes erected. Access was through an iron gate on the south side. On the inside walls, three boxes with rounded tops were included with the stations of the cross. An altar was built in the southeast corner. A cross had been erected in the center of the cemetery by Joseph Bailly in 1827.
By 1914, Miss Frances R. Howe worried about entry into the cemetery and had Theodore Stephens of Chesterton construct a concrete block wall around the old one. Stairs at the north end lead up to the top and a stone railing with ornamental coping was erected. The interior of the cemetery was filled with sand. Memorial plaques were moved from inside the walls to the outside at the north end. The entire raised platform was encircled by a concrete retaining wall and driveway. During construction, numerous unmarked graves were discovered and moved just outside of the new construction.

</doc>
<doc id="20112044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112044" title="Lurë">
Lurë

Lurë is a municipality in the Dibër District, Dibër County, northeastern Albania.
Old Lurë (), Lurë Plain () and Borie Lurë, are the three neighborhoods of Lurë. More villages are in the municipality of Lurë such as Krej Lurë, Pregj Lurë, Arrmall, Vlashe and Gur Lure. With an area of 1.280 hectares, Lurë is situated in the eastern side of the mountain massive of "Kunora e Lures". Its 14 icy lakes offer picturesque and attractive environments at an altitude of 1.350-1.720 m. Among the many lakes the one that stand out are the Big Lake (32 hectares), the Lake of Pines (13 hectares), the Black Lake (8 hectares) and the Lake of Flowers (4 hectares). In winter these lakes freeze.

</doc>
<doc id="20112065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112065" title="On a Day Like Today (Bryan Adams song)">
On a Day Like Today (Bryan Adams song)

"On a Day Like Today" is a rock song performed and composed by Canadian rock and pop artist Bryan Adams, released as the fourth track from his eighth album, "On a Day Like Today". The single was released in November and became a hit in Europe while ignored in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="20112068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112068" title="Albert Beech">
Albert Beech

Albert Beech (24 September 1912 – 20 June 1985) was a footballer who played as a defender.
Playing career.
Fenton born Beech played for Leek Alexandra and Stoke St.Peter's before joining Port Vale in November 1930. He turned professional in September 1931 and made his only appearance for the club in a 2–1 home defeat to Manchester United on 28 November 1931. He left on a free transfer in May 1933 and moved on to Altrincham, Huddersfield Town, Notts County and Northwich Victoria.

</doc>
<doc id="20112073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112073" title="Greenwood Music Camp">
Greenwood Music Camp

Greenwood Music Camp is a summer camp whose primary focus is chamber music. Other activities include soccer, crackabout, softball, capture the flag, a treasure hunt, charades, talent show, hikes up Mount Greylock, visits to art museums, a contra-dance and a visit to the Cummington Fair, as well as sports swimming, tennis or ping-pong.
Greenwood was founded in 1933 by Dorothy "Bunny" Fay Little and Ruth Hill McGregor, and moved to its current location in Cummington, Massachusetts in 1940. The senior session (up to age 18) is five weeks in July, and the junior session (up to age 13) is two weeks in August.
History.
Greenwood Music Camp was founded in 1933 by Dorothy "Bunny" Fay Little and Ruth Hill McGregor.
In a 1982 essay, Dwight Little wrote:
Greenwood really started by chance. Bunny (Fay) and Ruth (Hill) had taught at the Smith College Summer School of Music after graduating, but in 1933 Rumsey McGregor (engaged to Ruth) said, "Why don't you and Bunny take a few of your students to Isle La Motte"—Ruth's parents' summer home on Lake Champlain—"for a month this summer?" Ruth thought it was a great idea, wrote to Bunny, and had a reply (positive) by return mail.
That first year, in 1933, there were five students, and Ruth's parents, Dr. and Mrs. Hill, enthusiastically made way for them ... The name Greenwood had been given to the Hill's summer place by Ruth's younger brother who loved Robin Hood. He shot home-made arrows up and down the hill when he was a boy.
When the camp grew to ten students, Dwight and Bunny moved it to Harvard, Massachusetts, to a large house with a warren of rooms and studies—known as the Hutch—on the side of a hill. The move to the Berkshires, to a beautiful hilltop location, made it possible to house more than 40 campers plus faculty.
The camp and its music teaching methods have been featured on the "Classical Connections" show on Boston's WGBH (FM).

</doc>
<doc id="20112078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112078" title="Komanda (newspaper)">
Komanda (newspaper)

Komanda is one of Ukraine’s most influential sport newspapers published daily in Kiev, the nation's capital. It was founded in 1995, and as of September 2001 it is available on-line. It offers sport analysis, original interviews, and opinions. It is published in Russian. Its registration number KBN 2163 of 18.09.96. The subscription index is 33780. The newspaper is published five (5) times a week, no Sunday or Monday editions.
Staff.
The paper's motto is Of what screams and whispers the World of sport (O chem krichit i shepchet mir sporta). 

</doc>
<doc id="20112097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112097" title="Mild-slope equation">
Mild-slope equation

In fluid dynamics, the mild-slope equation describes the combined effects of diffraction and refraction for water waves propagating over bathymetry and due to lateral boundaries—like breakwaters and coastlines. It is an approximate model, deriving its name from being originally developed for wave propagation over mild slopes of the sea floor. The mild-slope equation is often used in coastal engineering to compute the wave-field changes near harbours and coasts.
The mild-slope equation models the propagation and transformation of water waves, as they travel through waters of varying depth and interact with lateral boundaries such as cliffs, beaches, seawalls and breakwaters. As a result, it describes the variations in wave amplitude, or equivalently wave height. From the wave amplitude, the amplitude of the flow velocity oscillations underneath the water surface can also be computed. These quantities—wave amplitude and flow-velocity amplitude—may subsequently be used to determine the wave effects on coastal and offshore structures, ships and other floating objects, sediment transport and resulting geomorphology changes of the sea bed and coastline, mean flow fields and mass transfer of dissolved and floating materials. Most often, the mild-slope equation is solved by computer using methods from numerical analysis.
A first form of the mild-slope equation was developed by Eckart in 1952, and an improved version—the mild-slope equation in its classical formulation—has been derived independently by Juri Berkhoff in 1972. Thereafter, many modified and extended forms have been proposed, to include the effects of, for instance: wave–current interaction, wave nonlinearity, steeper sea-bed slopes, bed friction and wave breaking. Also parabolic approximations to the mild-slope equation are often used, in order to reduce the computational cost.
In case of a constant depth, the mild-slope equation reduces to the Helmholtz equation for wave diffraction.
Formulation for monochromatic wave motion.
For monochromatic waves according to linear theory—with the free surface elevation given as formula_1 and the waves propagating on a fluid layer of mean water depth formula_2—the mild-slope equation is:
where:
The phase and group speed depend on the dispersion relation, and are derived from Airy wave theory as:
where
For a given angular frequency formula_7, the wavenumber formula_12 has to be solved from the dispersion equation, which relates these two quantities to the water depth formula_20.
Transformation to an inhomogeneous Helmholtz equation.
Through the transformation
the mild slope equation can be cast in the form of an inhomogeneous Helmholtz equation:
where formula_23 is the Laplace operator.
Propagating waves.
In spatially coherent fields of propagating waves, it is useful to split the complex amplitude formula_4 in its amplitude and phase, both real valued:
where
This transforms the mild-slope equation in the following set of equations (apart from locations for which formula_30 is singular):
where
The last equation shows that wave energy is conserved in the mild-slope equation, and that the wave energy formula_32 is transported in the formula_33-direction normal to the wave crests (in this case of pure wave motion without mean currents). The effective group speed formula_40 is different from the group speed formula_41
The first equation states that the effective wavenumber formula_33 is irrotational, a direct consequence of the fact it is the derivative of the wave phase formula_43, a scalar field. The second equation is the eikonal equation. It shows the effects of diffraction on the effective wavenumber: only for more-or-less progressive waves, with formula_44 the splitting into amplitude formula_45 and phase formula_43 leads to consistent-varying and meaningful fields of formula_45 and formula_33. Otherwise, "κ"2 can even become negative. When the diffraction effects are totally neglected, the effective wavenumber "κ" is equal to formula_12, and the geometric optics approximation for wave refraction can be used.
When formula_50 is used in the mild-slope equation, the result is, apart from a factor formula_51:
Now both the real part and the imaginary part of this equation have to be equal to zero:
The effective wavenumber vector formula_33 is "defined" as the gradient of the wave phase:
Note that formula_33 is an irrotational field, since the curl of the gradient is zero:
Now the real and imaginary parts of the transformed mild-slope equation become, first multiplying the imaginary part by formula_45:
The first equation directly leads to the eikonal equation above for formula_61, while the second gives:
which—by noting that formula_63 in which the angular frequency formula_7 is a constant for time-harmonic motion—leads to the wave-energy conservation equation.
Derivation of the mild-slope equation.
The mild-slope equation can be derived by the use of several methods. Here, we will use a variational approach. The fluid is assumed to be inviscid and incompressible, and the flow is assumed to be irrotational. These assumptions are valid ones for surface gravity waves, since the effects of vorticity and viscosity are only significant in the Stokes boundary layers (for the oscillatory part of the flow). Because the flow is irrotational, the wave motion can be described using potential flow theory.
Luke's variational principle.
Luke's Lagrangian formulation gives a variational formulation for non-linear surface gravity waves.
For the case of a horizontally unbounded domain with a constant density formula_36, a free fluid surface at formula_66 and a fixed sea bed at formula_67 Luke's variational principle formula_68 uses the Lagrangian
where formula_70 is the horizontal Lagrangian density, given by:
where formula_72 is the velocity potential, with the flow velocity components being formula_73 formula_74 and formula_75 in the formula_76, formula_77 and formula_78 directions, respectively.
Luke's Lagrangian formulation can also be recast into a Hamiltonian formulation in terms of the surface elevation and velocity potential at the free surface.
Taking the variations of formula_79 with respect to the potential formula_72 and surface elevation formula_81 leads to the Laplace equation for formula_82 in the fluid interior, as well as all the boundary conditions both on the free surface formula_66 as at the bed at formula_84
Linear wave theory.
In case of linear wave theory, the vertical integral in the Lagrangian density formula_70 is split into a part from the bed formula_86 to the mean surface at formula_87 and a second part from formula_88 to the free surface formula_89. Using a Taylor series expansion for the second integral around the mean free-surface elevation formula_87 and only retaining quadratic terms in formula_82 and formula_92 the Lagrangian density formula_93 for linear wave motion becomes
The term formula_95 in the vertical integral is dropped since it has become dynamically uninteresting: it gives a zero contribution to the Euler–Lagrange equations, with the upper integration limit now fixed. The same is true for the neglected bottom term proportional to formula_96 in the potential energy.
The waves propagate in the horizontal formula_6 plane, while the structure of the potential formula_82 is not wave-like in the vertical formula_78-direction. This suggests the use of the following assumption on the form of the potential formula_100
Here formula_104 is the velocity potential at the mean free-surface level formula_103 Next, the mild-slope assumption is made, in that the vertical shape function formula_106 changes slowly in the formula_6-plane, and horizontal derivatives of formula_106 can be neglected in the flow velocity. So:
As a result:
The Euler–Lagrange equations for this Lagrangian density formula_93 are, with formula_114 representing either formula_115 or formula_116
Now formula_118 is first taken equal to formula_115 and then to formula_120 
As a result, the evolution equations for the wave motion become:
with ∇ the horizontal gradient operator: ∇ ≡(∂/∂"x" ∂/∂"y")T where T denotes the transpose.
The next step is to choose the shape function formula_106 and to determine formula_123 and formula_124
Vertical shape function from Airy wave theory.
Since the objective is the description of waves over mildly sloping beds, the shape function formula_125 is chosen according to Airy wave theory. This is the linear theory of waves propagating in constant depth formula_126 The form of the shape function is:
with formula_128 now in general not a constant, but chosen to vary with formula_76 and formula_77 according to the local depth formula_2 and the linear dispersion relation:
Here formula_133 a constant angular frequency, chosen in accordance with the characteristics of the wave field under study. Consequently, the integrals formula_123 and formula_135 become:
The following time-dependent equations give the evolution of the free-surface elevation formula_81 and free-surface potential formula_138
From the two evolution equations, one of the variables formula_115 or formula_141 can be eliminated, to obtain the time-dependent form of the mild-slope equation:
and the corresponding equation for the free-surface potential is identical, with formula_141 replaced by formula_144 The time-dependent mild-slope equation can be used to model waves in a narrow band of frequencies around formula_145
Monochromatic waves.
Consider monochromatic waves with complex amplitude formula_4 and angular frequency formula_147
with formula_7 and formula_133 chosen equal to each other, formula_151 Using this in the time-dependent form of the mild-slope equation, recovers the classical mild-slope equation for time-harmonic wave motion:
Applicability and validity of the mild-slope equation.
The standard mild slope equation, without extra terms for bed slope and bed curvature, provides accurate results for the wave field over bed slopes ranging from 0 to about 1/3. However, some subtle aspects, like the amplitude of reflected waves, can be completely wrong, even for slopes going to zero. This mathematical curiosity has little practical importance in general since this reflection becomes vanishingly small for small bottom slopes.

</doc>
<doc id="20112112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112112" title="Wilderness Song">
Wilderness Song

Wilderness Song (foaled 1988 in Ontario) is a retired Canadian Champion Thoroughbred racehorse and a Hall of Fame inductee. Out of the mare Nalee's Rhythm, she was sired by the 1984 Breeders' Cup Classic winner Wild Again.
Bred and raced by Sam-Son Farm, and trained by Jim Day, Wilderness Song lived under the shadow of her stablemate and fellow Hall of Fame filly Dance Smartly, to whom she finished second in the 1991 Canadian Oaks and the Queen's Plate. Her second place finish at the Queen's Plate was also historic because of her passenger. Francine Villeneuve became both the first female jockey to finish "in the money" in a Canadian Triple Crown race and the first Canadian woman to ride in Canada's oldest race.
Wilderness Song won eight of her eighteen starts in Canada and made nineteen starts in the United States, where her seven wins included the Grade 1 Spinster Stakes at Keeneland Race Course. In 1992, Wilderness Song was voted the Sovereign Award for Champion Older Female Horse. She was retired to broodmare duty following the 1993 season.
In 2008, Wilderness Song's career was honoured with induction in the Canadian Horse Racing Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="20112118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112118" title="Zall-Reç">
Zall-Reç

Zall-Reç is a municipality in the Dibër District, Dibër County, northeastern Albania.

</doc>
<doc id="20112124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112124" title="The Chantry School">
The Chantry School

The Chantry School is a mixed gender secondary school with academy status located in Martley, Worcestershire, England. The school has about 700 students on roll who come mainly from small villages around the edge of Worcester, The school has a Technology College specialism. A July 2009 Ofsted report awarded the school a Grade 1 (Outstanding). The headteacher is Dr Andy Dickenson, who took over from Steve Jowett in September 2012.
History.
A chantry had been founded at Martley before 1350. It was probably founded in 1315, when the chapel of St. Mary was built. The founder is not known, but it appears from 16th-century deeds that the objects of the chantry were besides the chantry services the maintenance of a school, the repair of the church and 'other charitable alms. It was not returned among the chantries at the Dissolution and in the 16th and 17th centuries its endowments known as St. Mary Lands were the subject of much litigation as concealed lands. From depositions taken in 1573–4 it appeared that part of the rents had been previously applied to the maintenance of a chantry priest called St. Mary priest, who said the St. Mary mass within the church of Martley and received part of the profits of the lands from certain specially appointed wardens called St. Mary wardens, with certain other moneys, 'gathered in the parish of every man his devotion.' The last priest maintained with a stipend was Sir William Sheward, who died 7 March 1544. He used to say mass in a 'clossed' on the right side of the church commonly called Sir William's 'closed.' The last St. Mary wardens were chosen about forty years before, and received the rents for about twenty years. By a decree of 1577 a messuage and lands in Martley and elsewhere, part of this property, were assigned for the maintenance of a free school in Martley, and the chantry-house, that was a timbered building in the churchyard, from that time became the schoolhouse.
The present school opened in 1963 becoming a Comprehensive High School in 1983 as part of Worcestershire Schools reorganisation.
On the 4th October 2013 The School hosted a 50th Anniversary celebration with an elaborate programme consisting of plays, live music, buffets, dances and competitions.
The School Housing System.
The Chantry High School operates a house system in Senior School Fashion.
The house system is a main part of the pastoral care system, and there are various house sporting and music competitions every year. There are five houses in total, each named after surrounding hillside areas within a 100-mile radius of the school campus.
Awards.
The school has been awarded the Investors in People Status, and the Sportsmark award, and also has Healthy Schools and Green Flag Eco status, and the Extended Services Stamp

</doc>
<doc id="20112147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112147" title="Zall-Dardhë">
Zall-Dardhë

Zall-Dardhë is a municipality in the Dibër District, Dibër County, northeastern Albania.

</doc>
<doc id="20112174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112174" title="Alive (Becca album)">
Alive (Becca album)

Alive!! is the first full length album by American singer-songwriter Becca, released in 2008. 

</doc>
<doc id="20112175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112175" title="Sibleys railway station">
Sibleys railway station

Sibleys railway station was a station in Sibleys Green, Essex. It closed in 1952.
Former Services

</doc>
<doc id="20112180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112180" title="Muhurr">
Muhurr

Muhurr is a municipality in the Dibër District, Dibër County, northeastern Albania.

</doc>
<doc id="20112229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112229" title="HeroBox">
HeroBox

HeroBox sends custom care packages to American soldiers around the world. Founder, Ryan Housley, realized the need for customized care packages after receiving requests for specific items from his younger brother who was deployed in Iraq. The standard care packages were not always meeting the troops needs or wants. This was mostly because the soldiers did not have direct input regarding the preparation of their care package. HeroBox allows the soldier to customize their care package so they are receiving exactly what they need and want. What started as a family's simple effort of supporting their Hero, has grown into a non-profit organization supporting all American Heroes in the military. HeroBox launched their official website on Memorial Day 2008 where soldiers can order and customize their HeroBoxes online.

</doc>
<doc id="20112247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112247" title="European Film Fund">
European Film Fund

The European Film Fund (EFF) was a Non-Profit-Organisation, funded by the film agent Paul Kohner.
History.
The European Film Fund was founded on November 5, 1938 on the initiative of Paul Kohner. Founder members were William Dieterle, Bruno Frank, Felix Jackson, Salka Viertel and Ernst Lubitsch. The Domicile of the EFF was "Paul Kohner Talent Agencys" and president was Ernst Lubitsch, because he was the most famous European filmmaker in Hollywood. The organisation was founded because of the European emigrants who needed Affidavits, money or jobs. That’s why, Liesl Frank, Bruno Frank’s wife, worked together with the Emergency Rescue Committee.
The Fund collected and distributed money, some filmmakers donated one percent of their fees. For example Michael Curtiz und William Wyler were especially generous. Furthermore there were earnings from benefit performances.
In the early eighties the Fund earned about $40,000. Some Persons were supported by credits, others by donations. A lot of people get jobs in the film industry (esp. at Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and Warner Brothers)as screen-writers.
These jobs weren’t paid very well but they often were the precondition for getting visa. Many European filmmakers couldn’t repay the money, because they didn’t find well paid jobs.
""The more clear-headed émigrés understood very soon that these salaries paid them by Hollywood were fictitious, at least when the realized that, while they earned $100 or $200 a week for completely useless work, a real screen writer earned $3,500. It was quite symbolic that once their contracts expired[…].""
In 1948 the Fund was closed.

</doc>
<doc id="20112253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112253" title="Chandra Mohan (1905–1949)">
Chandra Mohan (1905–1949)

Chandra Mohan (1905–1949) was an Indian film actor, known for his work in Hindi cinema in the 1930s and 1940s.
Born in Narsinghpur in Madhya Pradesh, he was known for his large grey eyes, voice modulation and dialog delivery. His eyes form the opening sequence in V. Shantaram's 1934 film "Amrit Manthan". Mohan later appeared as Emperor Jehangir in Sohrab Modi's "Pukar", as Randhir Singh in Mehboob Khan's "Humayun", and as Seth Dharamdass, in Mehboob Khan's "Roti". 
His last appearance was in Ramesh Saigal's 1948 film "Shaheed". As Rai Bahadur Dwarka Nath, he played father to Ram, who was portrayed by Dilip Kumar. Mohan's character in this film initially supports the British Government but later favors the Freedom Struggle. He was the original choice to play the role of Emperor Akbar in K.Asif's Mughal-e-Azam, but due to his untimely death the film had to be reshot after half complete.
Chndra Mohan took to heavy gambling and drinking and died penniless in 1949 at the age of 44
References.
Chandra Mohan's last movie was a religious movie Ram Baan in which he played the role of the demon emperor Ravana

</doc>
<doc id="20112255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112255" title="Selishtë">
Selishtë

Selishtë is a municipality in the Dibër District, Dibër County, northeastern Albania.

</doc>
<doc id="20112258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112258" title="LMS diesel shunter 7051">
LMS diesel shunter 7051

London Midland and Scottish Railway diesel locomotive 7051 was built by the Hunslet Engine Company to demonstrate its wares. After public exhibition in February 1932, it was used for trials at a colliery, before being tested by the LMS. After further public exhibition in February 1933, it was at last purchased by the LMS in May 1933. It was loaned to the War Department from August 1940, which numbered it 27. During 1941–1944 it was returned to the LMS, but in August 1944 it returned to the WD, now numbered 70027. After the end of World War 2 it was returned to the LMS, but was withdrawn in December 1945 and resold back to Hunslet. Hunslet used the locomotive as a works shunter, but it was also available for hire, and spent time at oil refineries in Essex and with British Railways. 
In September 1960 the locomotive was preserved by the Middleton Railway in Leeds and named "John Alcock", named after the then current Managing Director of Hunslet Railway Company. It remains at the Middleton Railway, but has spent time on loan to other locations, including the National Railway Museum, York.

</doc>
<doc id="20112259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112259" title="Shanley's Restaurants">
Shanley's Restaurants

Shanley's Restaurants were Manhattaneateries. Their first location was at 23rd Street and 6th Avenue. It was owned by Thomas J. Shanley, Bernard F. Shanley, Patrick J. Shanley and four other Shanley brothers. The restaurants were famous in Times Square until the Prohibition era, beginning with their initial restaurant in 1890. The brothers were born in County Leitrim, Ireland, and came to the United States in 1888. The last Shanley's closed in 1925.
Frequent relocations.
By 1903 there were two Shanley's locations. The second was at 117 West 42nd Street. Another Shanley's was open for business at Broadway and 29th Street, in 1906. As the center
of New York City shifted to Upper Manhattan, the eating establishment moved to Broadway and 30th Street. When Adolph S. Ochs built One Times Square in 1904, Shanley's found a new home in Times Square. Next came a relocation to the Longacre Building, directly across the street
from Times Square. This establishment closed in 1912 when two of the Shanley brothers opened their largest restaurant, at the corner of 43rd Street. Patrick J. Shanley opened his own restaurant at 117 West 42nd Street, at the same time. This was the final Shanley's to close.
Chronology of establishments.
On October 12, 1897 a fire started above the boiler room of the restaurant, ignited by the crossing of electric wires. It was extinguished with a loss of $1,500. One of Shanley's locations was refused an all-night license which was requested during an Old Guard Ball at the Metropolitan Opera House, in January 1903. The 42nd Street establishment was permitted a license. 
The Shanley eatery at 1204 South Broadway passed into receivership on November 6, 1905. It was owned by Rose T. Shanley, the widow of Bernard Shanley. In 1903 Rose left the firm and opened her own restaurant next door to the Shanley Restaurant at 1210 Broadway. She leased the entire building at a
cost of $20,000 annually. Rose received a bankruptcy petition from a number of creditors. Frederick P. Bellamy was appointed receiver with a bond of $15,000.
Appearances in culture.
Page 11:"
Page 147-I48:"

</doc>
<doc id="20112265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112265" title="BancFirst">
BancFirst

BancFirst Corporation is corporation which operates under the name BancFirst, a state chartered bank in Oklahoma, United States. In 2012, it was in 50 Oklahoma communities, and was the largest state chartered bank in Oklahoma. 
History.
The roots of BancFirst date back to 1966 when current lead stockholder and Chairman H.E. “Gene” Rainbolt purchased Federal National Bank in Shawnee, Oklahoma. Federal National had $16 million in assets at the time of purchase. Throughout the ‘70's Rainbolt acquired interests in many Oklahoma banks and formed Thunderbird Financial Corporation to assist each bank with management services. In 1985, Rainbolt’s banks in seven communities were brought under the ownership of United Community Corporation. Two years later, Rainbolt acquired five additional banks, each in separate communities, marking the beginning of a statewide organization. 
In 1989 the company consolidated twelve banks under a single state charter, and officially named its company BancFirst, and opened its corporate office in Oklahoma City, the largest city in Oklahoma. David Rainbolt became CEO of BancFirst in 1992 and oversaw the first public offering of BancFirst stock was in 1993. On the NASDAQ, BancFirst’s trading symbol is BANF. By 1994, the now publicly owned BancFirst had expanded into Tulsa, the second largest market in Oklahoma. 
Currently.
BancFirst continues to grow today through branch expansion and acquiring smaller banks. Currently, BancFirst has 129 service locations, 93 staffed offices, 81 offices with ATMs, 36 stand-alone ATMs, 117+ total ATMs, fee-free access to 300+ free ATMs at 7-Eleven stores, most Oklahoma E-Z-GO stores, and Walgreens drug stores. As of 2013, BancFirst had been recognized as Oklahoma's largest SBA lender for consecutive years. Jay Hannah and Kent Falson oversee the Commercial Capital Division responsible for that performance. 
It is the third largest bank in Oklahoma behind Bank of Oklahoma and Midfirst Bank. BancFirst is also the largest state chartered bank in Oklahoma. 
During the financial crisis of late 2008, BancFirst was virtually unaffected. In a study released by the Bank Director magazine in the 4th quarter of 2007, BancFirst was listed as the 17th strongest bank in the country. The following year, the 2009 edition of Bank Director magazine had improved their ranking of BancFirst all the way up to 11th strongest bank in the U.S. 
According to rankabank.com, as of December 2013, BancFirst's assets total $5,906,914,000, while deposits total $5,338,147,000
BancFirst’s Mission Statement.
BancFirst is an Oklahoma financial institution meeting its customers’ needs through highly trained and motivated employees, personalized service and community focus thus creating long-term value for its shareholders.
References.
http://www.rankabank.com/BankRankResults.asp?STATE=Oklahoma<br>
Executive Orientation Presentation by Jay Hannah

</doc>
<doc id="20112276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112276" title="Bartonjo Rotich">
Bartonjo Rotich

Bartonjo Rotich (born May 25, 1938 in Baringo District) is a retired runner from Kenya who specialised in 400 metres and 400 metres hurdles. 
He went to Alliance High School. Rotich competed at the 1956 Summer Olympics, but failed to advance past 400 metres heats and 4x400 metres relay heats. 
At the 1958 British Empire and Commonwealth Games, he finished third in the 440 yards hurdles race. By this result he became the first Kenyan athlete to win a medal at any intercontinental championships alongside Arere Anentia, who won bronze medal over 6 miles race 
. He competed at the 1960 Summer Olympics and he reached 400 metres hurdles semifinals and 400 metres quarterfinals.
He was the chairman of Athletics Kenya from 1968 to 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="20112289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112289" title="LMS diesel shunter 7052">
LMS diesel shunter 7052

LMS diesel shunter 7052 was an experimental 0-6-0 diesel-mechanical shunting locomotive, introduced by the London Midland and Scottish Railway (LMSR) in 1934 and which remained in service with that railway for six years. It was later acquired for military use until 1966.
History.
No. 7052 locomotive was an experimental locomotive built by the Hunslet Engine Company at their Leeds works in 1934. It carried an original number of 7402 only within the works and was delivered as LMSR as number 7052. For six years it was used for shunting at Leeds before being loaned to the Air Ministry in 1940. It was loaned to the War Department between 1940-1942, which numbered it 24. It was withdrawn from LMS stock in December 1943 and sold for use at RNAD Broughton Moor, near Maryport, for which use it was flameproofed by Hunslet. After withdrawal in 1966, it was sold to a scrap metal company in Long Marston, which used it as a yard shunter for a further three years, after which it was scrapped.

</doc>
<doc id="20112298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112298" title="L'Union du centre">
L'Union du centre

L’Union du centre was a political party in Quebec, Canada, founded by Parti Liberal du Quebec cabinet minister Robert Dutil. The party was founded in 2008, with over 100 members. It was authorized by the Directeur Général des Élections du Québec on January 8, 2008, but never ran a candidate for office before it was dissolved in 2010.
Dutil claimed that the party would stand up for Central Quebec, as he objected to the tax credits given to other regions in Quebec are harmful to the economy of the region. André Arthur, Independent MP for Portneuf—Jacques-Cartier, declared his support for the party.
However, in November 2008 before the party fielded a candidate in an election, Dutil announced that he would be running as a Liberal Party candidate in Beauce-Sud. On June 9, 2010, the Chief Electoral Officer released a statement saying that the party's official status had been withdrawn.

</doc>
<doc id="20112301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112301" title="Felsted railway station">
Felsted railway station

Felsted railway station was located in Essex between Felsted and Little Dunmow, and closed to regular passenger traffic in 1952.
Former Services

</doc>
<doc id="20112310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112310" title="ITU Aquathlon World Championships">
ITU Aquathlon World Championships

The ITU Aquathlon World Championships have been held annually since 1998, typically a few days preceding and in the same location as the ITU Triathlon World Championships, however since 2007 the championships have been held as totally separate events in different locations. The championships involve a continuous swim-run, typically with run being 5 km and the swim being between 750m and 1 km (however the distances have varied during the event's history). The championships are organised by the International Triathlon Union.
Champions.
Men's championship.
Source:
Women's championship.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="20112311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112311" title="LMS diesel shunter 7053">
LMS diesel shunter 7053

LMS diesel shunter 7053 carried its original number of 7403 only within the Hunslet Engine Company's works, and was delivered as LMS number 7053. It was of almost exactly the same size and shape as LMS diesel shunter 7052, but had different internal fittings. It was loaned to the War Department between 1939-1942, which numbered it 23. Immediately upon return to the LMS, in December 1942, it was withdrawn from stock and sold back to Hunslet. No further use was found for it and it was eventually dismantled during the mid-1950s.

</doc>
<doc id="20112314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112314" title="Down the Road">
Down the Road

Down the Road may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20112333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112333" title="LMS diesel shunter 7054">
LMS diesel shunter 7054

LMS diesel shunter 7054 was initially allocated the number 7404 but this number was never carried. It was supplied by the Hunslet Engine Company in 1934. Testing started in October 1934 and it was taken into LMS stock in November 1934.
War Department use.
The locomotive was loaned to the War Department for various periods of time during 1939-1942, which numbered it 26. It was withdrawn from LMS stock in May 1943 and sold to the War Department, which then numbered it 225 (70225 from 1944). 
Post-war use.
In 1947, it was sold to Hunslet, where it was stored for seven years before being hired to the National Coal Board. The NCB later bought the locomotive and had it rebuilt with a Rolls-Royce engine by Hunslet in 1960-61. It worked at a number of collieries for the NCB, but was finally withdrawn and scrapped in 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="20112334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112334" title="Maqellarë">
Maqellarë

Maqellarë () is a municipality in the Dibër District, Dibër County, northeastern Albania.
Demographics.
Maqellare is inhabited by both Albanians and Macedonians, the latter of whom are not officially recognised by the Albanian government.

</doc>
<doc id="20112345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112345" title="Ahearn Field">
Ahearn Field

Ahearn Field was the first on-campus athletic field for Kansas State University in Manhattan, Kansas. It was used from 1911 to 1921 by the football team, baseball team, and track team. It was named in honor of former coach Mike Ahearn.
Before Ahearn Field, Kansas State's athletic teams used an open public square in Manhattan located at Bluemont Avenue and 8th Street, known informally as the Athletic Park. A covered wooden grandstand was built at the Athletic Park in 1906, along with a small locker room. These structures were both transported to Ahearn Field in 1911 and used at the new site. The grandstand was located at the south end of the field, facing north (approximately the current location of the K-State Alumni Center).
Memorial Stadium was opened at the same site in 1922.

</doc>
<doc id="20112349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112349" title="LMS diesel shunters 7055/6">
LMS diesel shunters 7055/6

LMS diesel shunters 7055/6 were built by Hudswell Clarke. They were initially allocated numbers 7405/7406 but these numbers were never carried. Testing started in August 1934. One locomotive was taken into LMS stock in December 1934 and the other in October 1935.
Conversion.
They were withdrawn from normal service in April/May 1939 and subsequently converted to mobile power units, emerging in their new guise as MPU2/MPU1 in May 1940/October 1940 respectively. MPU2 (7055) was later allocated to the Eastern Region of British Railways, where it was identified as number 953 in their departmental vehicle series.
Scrapping.
They were scrapped in February 1964/January 1956 respectively, though due to administrative errors, the disposal of 953 (7055) was not recorded and it was initially allocated number 968004 in the new departmental locomotive series introduced in 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="20112357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112357" title="David Bositis">
David Bositis

David A. Bositis is a senior research associate at the Joint Center for Political and Economic Studies in Washington, D.C., where he is a voting rights and redistricting expert. Bositis is frequently consulted by major newspapers including the New York Times and the Washington Post for his input on issues of race in politics.
Bositis received his Bachelor's degree from Northwestern University, and a Master's degree and Doctorate from Southern Illinois University. Bositis joined the Joint Center in 1990, and designs and manages national surveys, mainly geared towards minorities.
Bositis is the author of at least six books and numerous articles which focus on minority politics, especially black representation and voting patterns and the effects of redistricting on minority representation.

</doc>
<doc id="20112363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112363" title="Melan">
Melan

Melan is a municipality in the Dibër District, Dibër County, northeastern Albania.

</doc>
<doc id="20112364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112364" title="Ossi Runne">
Ossi Runne

Yrjö Osvald "Ossi" Runne (né Rundberg, born April 23, 1927 in Viipuri, Finland, now Vyborg, Russia) is a Finnish trumpeter, orchestra leader, composer, and record producer.
In the early part of his career, Runne was known as a trumpeter and an orchestra leader. Upon his return to Finland from the post of conductor for the China Variety Orchestra in Stockholm in 1957, he joined the Musiikki-Fazer company as a studio manager. In 1965 he moved to Yleisradio and became head conductor of the national radio orchestra; later he led the TV 1 orchestra as well. He retired from both positions in 1992.
He is perhaps most recognized for conducting Finland's entries at the Eurovision Song Contest. He first conducted the entry "Playboy" (which he also composed) at Luxembourg in 1966. Runne would go on to conduct 22 Finnish entries, ending in 1989. In addition, he was also the Yleisradio Eurovision commentator in 1981 and 1990.
He wrote an autobiography, "Trumpetilla ja tahtipuikolla" ("With the trumpet and the baton") in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="20112365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112365" title="Ramgarhia bunga">
Ramgarhia bunga

Ramgarhia Bunga (Bunga means Mansion), is a three-storeyed marvel of the Sikh school of architecture and is located in the vicinity of Shri Darbar Sahib Amritsar. Ramgarhia bunga, a pre-Ranjit Singh structure was built by Sikh warrior & Ramgarhia misl chief Jassa Singh Ramgarhia in the late 18th century (year 1755) is the only surviving example of Bunga architecture typology. It was constructed to fortifying the area to protect the holy complex from outside invasion.
Bunga Structure.
Ramgarhia Bunga consists of three flat-roofed ranges, each of two principal storeys, arranged round three sides of a courtyard and is constructed almost of small burnt bricks (Nanakshahi) set in lime and mud mortar. The colonnade and the triple arches are of red sandstone. The undersides of the vaults and all the walls were finished internally and externally with lime plaster and lime wash, much of it decorative with arches. Lower levels of the Bunga are approached by two flights of steps, one from outside and the other from within the courtyard.
History.
During the reign of the Muslim Mughal Emperors, The Golden Temple was damaged many times, but each time it was rebuilt by the Sikhs. Sardars of the 12 Misls decided that some of the Khalsa leaders must be housed inside it for its protection against their enemies. Sardar Jassa Singh Ramgarhia had conquered territory as far afield as Delhi, where he removed the slab from the throne on which the Mughal coronation ceremonies were held. He brought the slab to Amritsar and placed it in the Ramgarhia Bunga where it still lies.
Renovation.
The original domes on the Minarets were damaged and then removed in 1903 due to an earthquake. The Minarets were again damaged during Operation Blue Star in 1984, but later renovated by the SGPC and the Ramgarhia Society "Sardar Jassa Singh Ramgarhia Federation". Later, some Babas of Kar Sewawale had done colossal damage to the heritage site by converting a portion into their abode.
The works being undertaken would focus on curtailing the use of water and prevent its ingress into the fabric of the structure. Infills would be removed and terracing of the roof redone in traditional materials with appropriate drainage. Temporary structures shall be dismantled and ventilation of hitherto enclosed spaces shall be improved. Cement plaster shall be removed from the walls wherever used shall be replaced with lime plaster. Removal of new brick-cement flooring of the courtyard will help relieving a lot of superimposed load on the vaulted structure below. Major structural cracks shall be stapled by helical bars and grouted. Lesser vertical cracks in the brick masonry wall will be stitched using thin bricks, similar to the original, and lime mortar. Blocked openings between rooms will be opened to provide for proper cross-ventilation and facilitate drying up process. The cement concrete flooring of all rooms will be dismantled. Photo documentation would be carried out at all stages before, during and after conservation. The adaptive re-use of the building would subsequently be carefully considered so that the structure is appropriately used as a public place.

</doc>
<doc id="20112370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112370" title="North Dakota Vision Services/School for the Blind">
North Dakota Vision Services/School for the Blind

North Dakota Vision Services/School for the Blind (NDVS/SB) is a branch of the North Dakota government offering services to visually impaired residents of all ages in North Dakota. It is centered in Grand Forks, with regional offices in Bismarck, Fargo, Jamestown, and Minot. 
The institution was founded in 1908 as the North Dakota School for the Blind in Bathgate; it moved to its current location in Grand Forks in 1961. The North Dakota Legislative Assembly officially changed the name to North Dakota Vision Services/School for the Blind in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="20112382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112382" title="Who Wants to Be a Millionaire? (Ireland)">
Who Wants to Be a Millionaire? (Ireland)

Who Wants to be a Millionaire? was a version of the originally British television quiz show "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?" which was broadcast in the Republic of Ireland on RTÉ One from 2000 to 2002. The format was the same as on the British show, and the 15 incremental prize amounts had the same numeric values, from 100 up to 1,000,000. These values were denominated in Irish pounds in 2001, and in euros in 2002, after the euro changeover.
Production.
The Irish version was made by Tyrone Productions under license from Celador, the British originators. The stage, music, and format were identical to the original British format. The quizmaster was Gay Byrne, who was famous as the longtime host of the "Late Late Show", and was making one of several returns from retirement. The top prize fell from IR£1m (€1,269,738) to €1m after the euro changeover at the beginning of 2002. The prize money was funded by a combination of a premium-rate telephone number which candidates had to ring to be selected as contestants, and £7m from headline sponsor eircell, which was then the mobile phone brand of eircom.
The show had several runs over consecutive Sunday evenings. After two years the initial sponsorship contract ended. No further sponsor was found, and production ceased.
Lunula controversy.
In June 2001, contestant Shane O'Doherty was asked, as the 13th (£250,000) question, in what part of the body the lunula was. He used his phone-a-friend lifeline to ring a physician, who said it was in the heart, which was the answer he then gave. The required answer was the fingernail, and so O'Doherty's winnings fell from £125,000 back to the guaranteed £32,000. In fact, a lunula is any crescent or moon-shaped structure, including both the white base of the fingernail and the segments of the semilunar heart valves. O'Doherty protested that, since both answers were correct, he should not have been eliminated. He threatened to sue the producers, and the controversy generated media debate for two weeks. Eventually he was allowed to return to the show. He was asked another question, and opted to pass and keep the £125,000 he had previously accrued. The replacement question was also criticised as flawed; it described John Pius Boland as an "Olympic gold medallist" even though the medals received by winners at the 1896 Olympics were actually silver.

</doc>
<doc id="20112407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112407" title="LMS diesel shunter 7057">
LMS diesel shunter 7057

LMS diesel shunter 7057 was built by Harland & Wolff. Testing started in July 1934 and the locomotive was taken into LMS stock in February 1935. It was loaned to the War Department between 1941-1943, which numbered it 233.
Conversion.
It was withdrawn from LMS stock in January 1944 and sold back to Harland & Wolff, which rebuilt it with a new 225 hp (168 kW) engine and converted it to the Irish 5 ft 3 in gauge. It was then sold to the Northern Counties Committee, which numbered it 22. 
Scrapping.
It was finally withdrawn in April 1965 and scrapped at the close of that year.

</doc>
<doc id="20112425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112425" title="Tony Core">
Tony Core

Anthony Core, commonly called Tony Core, is an American politician from Ohio and a former Republican member of the Ohio General Assembly. A graduate of Ohio State University, he is a lawyer from rural Rushsylvania in Logan County.
Government career.
Core first entered government service in Logan County, where he was a member of the county's MR/DD board. In 1999, he was appointed to fill the empty seat for the 83rd District of the House of Representatives, which includes part or all of Logan, Marion, and Union counties; the seat had been vacated by the death of its previous occupant, Tony's father Ed. After finishing the partial term, he was re-elected to four full terms before being term-limited in 2008. His seat was filled by Dave Burke of Marysville.
Core won an uncontested race for Logan County Commissioner in 2008.
During his time in the state legislature, Core used a logo of an apple eaten to the core.
Personal.
According to Core's website, he and his wife Heather are the parents of a son and two daughters. He is a member of the First United Presbyterian Church of Bellefontaine.

</doc>
<doc id="20112426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112426" title="Kastriot, Albania">
Kastriot, Albania

Kastriot is a municipality in the Dibër District, Dibër County, northeastern Albania.

</doc>
<doc id="20112434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112434" title="List of programs previously broadcast by American Broadcasting Company">
List of programs previously broadcast by American Broadcasting Company

The following is a list of shows previously broadcast by ABC, a television network operating in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="20112437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112437" title="Saxon XV HTV">
Saxon XV HTV

The Saxon Class XV formula_1Tformula_2 was a class of goods train steam locomotive operated by the Royal Saxon State Railways, which had been conceived for hauling trains and acting as banking engines for routes in the Ore Mountains. In 1925 the Deutsche Reichsbahn grouped them into their DRG Class 79.0.
History.
The two locomotives were built in 1916 at the Sächsischen Maschinenfabrik, formerly Hartmann.
The undercarriage of the locomotives was unusual. Instead of an alternative proposal for a twelve-coupled locomotive with sideways-sliding Gölsdorf axles, as was realised a year later in the shape of the Württemberg K, the Saxon Railways decided on a proposal by their head of the engineering department, Lindner, for a design that was unique in Germany: the Saxon XV HTV was given two, fixed, six-coupled drives. This was mainly because they had doubts about the suitability of the "Gölsdorf" system for twelve-couplers. The outside axles were designed as Klien-Lindner axles and could be slid sideways by about 37 mm from their centre position. The design of these axles required them to be fixed into an outside frame. In the centre of the locomotive was a double cylinder each with a high-pressure cylinder for the rear and a low-pressure cylinder for the front drive. 
This design with its low stress on the rails, low inherent resistance and simple weight compensation was promising especially as it also avoided the use of cranked driving axles. Similar thoughts in the USA during the 1930s led to the development of duplex locomotives. Because the cylinders of adjacent axles also had 28 mm of side play, the locomotive could negotiate radii of as little as 170 m. Through the special design of the cylinders the use of crank axles ("Kropfachse"). Whilst this design enabled the steam lines between the high- and low-pressure cylinders to be extremely short, long admission and exhaust tubes were necessary.
The XV HTV soon proved to be expensive to maintain, particularly with regard to the drives and the hollow axles; as a result no more were procured. Even the usual tendency of all compound engines to sway could not be eliminated by the Klien-Lindner configuration. Wear and tear on the wheel tyres changed the crank settings of the driving gear. That meant that the synchronisation of the drive had to be constantly adjusted, in order to ensure a balanced distribution of effort.
Nevertheless the engines were successful in practice. They had impressive riding qualities right up to their top speed and wear and tear on the wheel flanges was low. The Deutsche Reichsbahn took both locomotives over as 79 001 and 79 002, but retired them by 1932.
The serial number 79 001 was allocated from 1938 to 1947 to BLE No. 44 of the former Brunswick State Railway Company and from 1951 it was given to the former French locomotive, 242 TA - 602, which ended up in German hands after World War II.
Design features.
The boiler barrel comprised 2 shells with a diameter of 1,450 mm. On the top were two steam domes which were connected by a pipe inside the boiler. Between steam dome and chimney was a sand box. The firebox was made of copper and position over the first axle of the rear drive. The smokebox superheater was of the "Schmidt" type.
The locomotive frame comprised an inside frame of 28 mm thick plate, and an outside frame for the hollow axles of 20 mm thick plate.
The four-cylinder compound cylinders were arranged horizontally on the outside and each drove its centre axle

</doc>
<doc id="20112439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112439" title="Qendër Tomin">
Qendër Tomin

Qendër Tomin is a municipality in the Dibër District, Dibër County, northeastern Albania.

</doc>
<doc id="20112446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112446" title="Ibrahimiya Canal">
Ibrahimiya Canal

The Ibrahimiyah Canal is an irrigation canal in Egypt built in 1873. It was the most important public work executed under the then newly established Ministry of Public Works. It was built during the reign of Ismail Pasha when he was Khedive of Egypt. It was commissioned by Bahgat Pasha, minister of public works, who designed it primarily to provide perennial irrigation to the Khedivial sugar estates in Middle Egypt. It supplied perennial irrigation to and flood irrigation to another . The discharge of the canal varied between 30 and 80 cubic metres per second in summer and between 500 and 900 cubic metres per second in flood. Having its head on the left bank of the Nile, opposite Assiut, it runs northwards for 60 kilometres and then divides in Dirout into two main branches; one branch is the Bahr Yousef Canal, while the other is the Ibrahimiyah Canal proper.
This 350 kilometer long canal, which is undoubtedly one of the largest artificial canals in the world, used to take off from the Nile without any weirs or inlet works on the river (the water of the river entered it freely). Sir William Willcocks, the famous British civil engineer, would construct the Assiut Barrage later in 1901 to provide means for better control of its discharge. 
Although locks were constructed through its southern third, Ibrahimya Canal is not navigable after Deirut as it was designed for irrigation purposes only. The Ibrahimiya, except at few locations where it follows portions of ancient canals, flows parallel to the Nile, and does not have between itself and the river a distance of more than 4 to 5 kilometres. 
Deirut Distribution Works.
At its 60th kilometer at Deirut, Ibrahimiya Canal begins distribution of its water. At this point, the canal widens into a kind of basin, along which six works of distribution are constructed. They are:
After Ibrahimiya leaves Deirut, a series of distribution works control water discharges along its route. They are :
After it leaves Al Sharahnah, the canal continues for about 140 kilometers but by the time it reaches Al Ayat in Giza, it is no longer a major canal, but rather a small irrigation canal with a width of 5 metres at the bottom.

</doc>
<doc id="20112456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112456" title="Fushë-Çidhën">
Fushë-Çidhën

Fushë-Çidhën is a municipality in the Dibër District, Dibër County, northeastern Albania.

</doc>
<doc id="20112478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112478" title="Sllovë">
Sllovë

Sllovë is a municipality in the Dibër District, Dibër County, northeastern Albania.

</doc>
<doc id="20112484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112484" title="It's a New Day (song)">
It's a New Day (song)

"It's a New Day" is the third single from the political compilation album, "", produced and organised by rapper and producer will.i.am. It was released on November 7, 2008. Will performed the song for the first time on "The Oprah Winfrey Show". The song was written as a tribute to President Barack Obama's victory. It was used in an episode of the second season of "Gossip Girl". A parody of the song was featured on the "Boondocks" episode "It's a Black President, Huey Freeman." It was titled "Dick Riding Obama", and featured will.i.am, rapper Thugnificent, Gangstalicious and a George Clooney lookalike debating whether Obama's victory was really a success. A scene from the episode was released on YouTube before the episode aired as a form of viral marketing.
Music video.
The song's music video was released in November 2008, and features cameos by various celebrities, including:

</doc>
<doc id="20112509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112509" title="Jaki Crush">
Jaki Crush

Jaki Crush is a pinball video game for the Super Famicom that was originally released in 1992, exclusively in Japan. The game is the third in the "Crush Pinball" series, and was preceded by "Alien Crush" and "Devil's Crush". It is considered to be very obscure and is often thought to be the forgotten entry in the series.
Gameplay.
The game features a theme revolving around the mythology of a type of Japanese demon or ogre, called a jaki. A single table is divided into three different sectors; carrying two flippers each. Moving targets must be hit for points along with targets that remain stationary. Shooting the ball into the demon's mouth allows players to access up to six bonus levels.

</doc>
<doc id="20112510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112510" title="Royal Jozini">
Royal Jozini

The Royal Jozini Big 6 Private Estate is a private game reserve, currently under development. It is located in the foothills of the Lubombo Mountains and includes the northern part of Lake Jozini in Swaziland.
It is part of the Nsubane-Pongola Transfrontier Conservation and Resource
Area established by a Swaziland/South Africa Protocol and will be known as
"Lake Jozini Transfrontier Park" covering some 40 000 hectares in total. When the reserve is completed in 2010, it will contain the Big Five, as well as tiger fish, thus the term 'Big 6'. The Estate will also include a number of private lodges, a waterfront area including a boating marina, jetty and slipway, a casino, hotel and 18 hole golf course designed by Hugh Baiocchi.

</doc>
<doc id="20112515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112515" title="Kala e Dodës">
Kala e Dodës

Kala e Dodës is a municipality in the Dibër District, Dibër County, northeastern Albania. Kala e Dodës is part of the territory included in the proposed Korabi National Park.

</doc>
<doc id="20112518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112518" title="Ben Polak">
Ben Polak

Benjamin "Ben" Polak (born 22 December 1961) is a British professor of economics and management and Provost at Yale University. From 1999-2001 Polak was the Henry Kohn Associate Professor of Economics and is now the inaugural William C. Brainard Professor of Economics. In January 2013, he became the Provost of Yale University.
Polak specialises in microeconomic theory, has published 19 peer reviewed papers in leading journals, and is Associate editor of the Journal of Economic Theory.
ECON 159: Game Theory.
In fall 2007, Polak participated in the Open Yale Courses initiative, recording the 24 lecture series and making all course materials freely available on the Internet. Polak describes the motivation for his participation in the scheme as delivering an Ivy League standard education to a wider audience, "It’s not the full Yale experience, unfortunately, but it’s something.”

</doc>
<doc id="20112532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112532" title="Muxas">
Muxas

Muxas (also, Mukhas) is a village and municipality in the Oghuz Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,058. 

</doc>
<doc id="20112535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112535" title="Holy Child Catholic School">
Holy Child Catholic School

Holy Child Catholic School is located at Plaza Hernandez in Tondo, Manila, the Philippines. It sits beside the Santo Niño de Tondo Parish.
History.
During the Liberation Period immediately following World War II, Rt. Msgr. Jose N. Jovellanos and four Jesuit priests founded the Tondo Parochial school. It was located at the site of the defunct Instituto de Mujeres, where the Manila Cathedral School is now located. Classes began on July 2, 1945.
Later, the school was moved to its location beside the Sto. Niño Church, where the Tondo Orphanage used to stand. The government began to recognize it as a legitimate school on February 22, 1951. The school became a corporation on October 23, 1954, under the name Holy Child Catholic School(HCCS). In 1955, HCCS was granted government recognition for complete secondary and kindergarten courses. Then, the school graduated its first high school students.
School directors.
Rt. Msgr. Jose N. Jovellanos, who had helped establish the school and was the parish priest at the time, became its first director. 
Most Rev. Amado H. Paulino, D.D. became the school's second director. During his term, HCCS celebrated its Ruby Jubilee. 
Rev. Msgr. Pacifico Ma. Mendoza, who had served the school as Asstistant Director for ten years, succeeded Paulino to become the school's third director. During his term, HCCS had celebrated its fiftieth year of service as a Roman Catholic school in 1995. It was also during his time when HCCS reached the peek of its enrollment with 65,237 students.
Rev. Msgr. Emmanuel F. Sebastian had the shortest term of only one school year (1996–97) but, like his predecessors, he was able to accomplish a great deal.
Rev. Msgr. Emmanuel V. Sunga, who served the school for five years, from 1997-2002.
Rev. Fr. Enrique "Erick" Santos, the school's sixth director, who helped it celebrate its sixtieth anniversary in 2005. He served the school from 2002-2011.
The present director is Rev. Fr. Solomon A. Jardinero.

</doc>
<doc id="20112542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112542" title="Relevant cost">
Relevant cost

A relevant cost (also called avoidable cost or differential cost) is a cost that differs between alternatives being considered. It is often important for businesses to distinguish between relevant and irrelevant costs when analyzing alternatives because erroneously considering irrelevant costs can lead to unsound business decisions. Also, ignoring irrelevant data in analysis can save time and effort. Non-cash items, such as depreciation and amortization, are frequently categorized as irrelevant costs, since they do not affect cash flows.
Two common types of irrelevant costs are sunk costs and future costs that do not differ between alternatives. Sunk costs are unavoidable because they have already been incurred. Future costs that do not change between alternatives are also essentially unavoidable with respect to the alternatives being considered.
Example.
A construction firm is in the middle of constructing an office building, having spent $1 million on it so far. It requires an additional $0.5 million to complete construction. Because of a downturn in the real estate market, the finished building will not fetch its original intended price, and is expected to sell for only $1.2 million. If, in deciding whether or not to continue construction, the $1 million sunk cost were incorrectly included in the analysis, the firm may conclude that it should abandon the project because it would be spending $1.5 million for a return of $1.2 million. However, the $1 million is an irrelevant cost, and should be excluded. Continuing the construction actually involves spending $0.5 million for a return of $1.2 million, which makes it the correct course of action.
A managerial accounting term that is used to describe costs that are specific to management's decisions. The concept of relevant costs eliminates unnecessary data that could complicate the decision-making process.

</doc>
<doc id="20112547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112547" title="Colmar Treasure">
Colmar Treasure

The Colmar Treasure or Colmar hoard is a hoard of precious objects buried by Jews at the time of the Black Death. 
History.
The Treasure was found in 1863 in the wall of a house in the medieval "rue des Juifs," in Colmar, Alsace. It is believed that some of the items were sold by the discoverers before the full extent of the Treasure could be recorded. The treasures that survive are mostly in the collection of the Musée de Cluny. It was fully published only in 1999, when exhibited in Colmar. 
The Treasure includes one of the few surviving examples of a Jewish marriage ring, with the bezel in the form of a small building instead of a precious stone, in accord with the requirement in Jewish law that wedding rings be made solely of gold.
The Treasure includes silver coins, silver table ware, and gold and silver jewelry including elaborate belt buckles and fifteen silver rings.

</doc>
<doc id="20112549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112549" title="Armin Görtz">
Armin Görtz

Armin Görtz (born 30 August 1959) is a German former footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="20112551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112551" title="Douglas September">
Douglas September

Douglas September, (born September 25, 1972, in Cape Breton, Nova Scotia) is a Canadian musician. He is known for his poetic lyrics, as well as his innovative musical style that blends folk and blues with a caustic modern commentary. As a composer, musician, producer and engineer, September's passion for arranging music from the ordinary every day into a unique auditory experience has evolved into a singular style. His music has been likened to Bob Dylan, Tim Buckley, and Tom Waits.
Career.
September has collaborated with many talented musicians, such as Michael Shrieve (1998 release, Producer-Ten Bulls; Gold Circle/Samson Music), Bill Frisell (1998 release, Lead Guitar-Ten Bulls; Gold Circle/Samson Music), David Torn (2001 release, Producer-Oil Tan Bow; Lupins), Robby Aceto (2001 release, Oil Tan Bow; Lupins and 1999 release, IO; Gold Circle/Samson Music), Rich DePaolo; (1999 release, IO;Gold Circle/Samson Music), Wayne Horvitz (1998 release, Ten Bulls; Gold Circle/Samson Music), David Bearwald and Steve Lindsey (The Runner, 2000).
He has four albums as a solo performer with two where he is involved in co-production, and composing music for "The Runner" and was signed previously with what is now known as Gold Circle Films for albums Ten Bulls and Io. He has also been producer/engineer for other artists such as Halifax songwriter Matthew Grimson, guitarist Tom Fidgen, B3 Hammond organist John T. Davis, and scored a soundtrack for the short film Malcontents.
In January 2005, UK Uncut (magazine), listed Douglas September's song 'Lady and I' from album 10 Bulls as their #1 Track influenced by Bob Dylan.
Originally from Cape Breton Island, off the east coast of Canada, Douglas currently lives in Toronto, Canada, with his wife and daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="20112565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112565" title="Little Red Riding Hood's Zombie BBQ">
Little Red Riding Hood's Zombie BBQ

"Little Red Riding Hood's Zombie BBQ" is an action rail shooter game for the Nintendo DS. It was published in North America by Destineer, produced and designed by Gammick Entertainment, and developed by EnjoyUp. The game was released as a DSiWare title in Europe. Like its title suggests, players take the role of Little Red Riding Hood as she destroys zombies with a variety of high-powered firearms.
Gameplay.
The game is a top-scrolling rail shooter where the player may move left and right into one of seven spaces, touching the character will cause them to crouch while using the stylus to aim. Players may choose to be either Little Red Riding Hood, who specializes in guns, or Momotarō, who specializes in ninja stars, although the difference is merely aesthetic. The action of the game consists entirely of shooting and dodging incoming attacks with increasingly difficult obstacles as the game progresses.
Plot.
Little Red Riding Hood finds that something has gone wrong with Storyland soon after saving her grandmother from another wolf attack. Along with Momotarō, she decides to fight through the invading armies of zombies to find the source of the plague and destroy it.
Development.
"Little Red Riding Hood's Zombie BBQ" was Spanish developer EnjoyUp's second game. To promote the game, they collaborated with Destructoid to hold a dress up contest with a copy of the game and a signed promotional poster as prizes. The contest ended September 30, 2008.
Reception.
IGN gave the game an 8.6, praising "art style, sense of humor, and solid shmup gameplay". They also listed it as number six in their feature "The Top 25 DS Games Under $20", being the first game on the list to have a sub-US$20 initial retail price. It was a nominee for Best Shooting Game by IGN in their 2008 video game awards. GameSpot was not as impressed, scoring the game a 5.5 (mediocre) and citing poor controls, slowdown and cheap hits. Nintendo Life gave the game 8 out of 10 commenting while the game may be a simplistic shooter it offers plenty of depth.

</doc>
<doc id="20112569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112569" title="Nick Testa">
Nick Testa

Nicholas Testa is a former professional baseball catcher and coach. He played briefly in both Major League Baseball and Nippon Professional Baseball.
Testa began his professional career in at the age of 17 with the Newburgh Hummingbirds. Testa had one of the briefest major league baseball careers ever. He played just one inning of one game for the San Francisco Giants in , never coming to bat in the major leagues. In his one chance on defense, he committed an error. Later that season, Testa was named the team's bullpen coach.
Testa played for several more seasons in minor league baseball, eventually making his way to Japan in . That season, he played in 57 games for the Daimai Orions, batting .136 with 5 RBI.
Testa later served as a coach for the St. Lucie Legends in the Senior Professional Baseball Association during their lone year of existence in . He also coached baseball at Lehman College.

</doc>
<doc id="20112576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112576" title="Luzni">
Luzni

Luzni is a municipality in the Dibër District, Dibër County, northeastern Albania.

</doc>
<doc id="20112587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112587" title="Doyle Lade">
Doyle Lade

Doyle Marion Lade (February 17, 1921 – May 18, 2000) was a Major League Baseball pitcher who pitched for the Chicago Cubs from to . Born in Fairbury, Nebraska, Lade began his baseball career when he was signed by the Cleveland Indians as an amateur free agent in 1941. He spent the 1941 season with Oklahoma City of the Texas League, where he had a 6–10 record and an earned run average (ERA) of 3.66. At the end of the 1941 season, he was traded to Savannah of the South Atlantic League for Hugh Klaerner. On July 8, 1942, while playing for the Shreveport Sports of the Texas League, Lade pitched a no-hitter against San Antonio and won the game 1–0, with his solo home run providing the only run support for Shreveport. In August, he was purchased by the Chicago White Sox effective at the conclusion of the Texas League season, and was considered the top prospect of the four players acquired.
After the 1942 season ended, Lade signed up for military service, and spent the next few years as a member of the United States Coast Guard. When he returned to the White Sox for the 1946 season, he was placed on the original major league roster, but instead began the season for Shreveport. On July 9, 1946, Lade's contract was purchased from the Chicago White Sox by the Chicago Cubs. In his time in the minors in 1946, he won 12 games and at one time pitched 32 consecutive scoreless innings.
Lade made his major league debut on September 18, 1946 and played three games for the Cubs, losing two and finished with a 4.11 ERA. During the 1947 Chicago Cubs season, Lade had career highs in games started with 25, games played with 34, inning pitched with over 187, 11 wins, 10 losses, and a 3.94 ERA. By the end of the season, sportswriters were declaring the White Sox giving up Lade to be a "mistake" on their part. Over the next three season, Lade was primarily used as a spot starter. During the 1948 Chicago Cubs season, he played the first two months of the season before being optioned to Los Angeles to the disappointment of Ralph Kiner, who had hit five home runs off of Lade. He was later recalled and finished the season with the Cubs. He finished the season with a 4.02 ERA, five wins, and six losses in 19 games.
The 1949 Chicago Cubs season saw Lade continue his role as a utility pitcher, pitching in 36 games, starting 13, and finishing 12, going 4–5 with an ERA of 5.00 in the process. Lade put up similar stats during the 1950 Chicago Cubs season. In 34 games, 12 of which he started, he won five, lost six, and had an ERA of 4.74. He was on the Cubs' roster through the winter preceding the 1951 season, but was cut May 15, 1951 to reduce the Cubs to a 25-man roster. This signified the end of his major league career, having played his last game on September 29, 1950. He died on May 18, 2000 in Lincoln, Nebraska, at the age of 79. He was cremated and is interred at the National Memorial Cemetery of Arizona located in Phoenix, Arizona.

</doc>
<doc id="20112589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20112589" title="Baptism of Fire">
Baptism of Fire

Baptism of Fire is a 1943 American documentary film starring Elisha Cook Jr. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.

</doc>
