<doc id="19985712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19985712" title="Small Business Administration">
Small Business Administration

The Small Business Administration (SBA) is a United States government agency that provides support to entrepreneurs and small businesses. The mission of the Small Business Administration is "to maintain and strengthen the nation's economy by enabling the establishment and viability of small businesses and by assisting in the economic recovery of communities after disasters". The agency's activities are summarized as the "3 Cs" of capital, contracts and counseling.
SBA loans are made through banks, credit unions and other lenders who partner with the SBA. The SBA provides a government-backed guarantee on part of the loan. Under the Recovery Act and the Small Business Jobs Act, SBA loans were enhanced to provide up to a 90 percent guarantee in order to strengthen access to capital for small businesses after credit froze in 2008. The agency had record lending volumes in late 2010.
SBA helps lead the federal government's efforts to deliver 23 percent of prime federal contracts to small businesses. Small business contracting programs include efforts to ensure that certain federal contracts reach woman-owned and service-disabled veteran-owned small businesses as well as businesses participating in programs such as 8(a) and HUBZone. 
SBA has at least one office in each U.S. state. In addition, the agency provides grants to support counseling partners, including approximately 900 Small Business Development Centers (often located at colleges and universities), 110 Women's Business Centers, and SCORE, a volunteer mentor corps of retired and experienced business leaders with approximately 350 chapters. These counseling services provide services to over 1 million entrepreneurs and small business owners annually. President Obama announced in January 2012 that he would elevate the SBA into the Cabinet, a position it last held during the Clinton administration, thus making the Administrator of the Small Business Administration a cabinet level position.
History.
The SBA was created on July 30, 1953, by President Eisenhower with the signing of the Small Business Act, currently codified at . The Small Business Act was originally enacted as the "Small Business Act of 1953" in Title II () of (ch. 282, , ); The "Reconstruction Finance Corporation Liquidation Act" was Title I, which abolished the Reconstruction Finance Corporation (RFC). The Small Business Act Amendments of 1958 () withdrew Title II as part of that act and made it a separate act to be known as the "Small Business Act". Its function was and is to "aid, counsel, assist and protect, insofar as is possible, the interests of small business concerns". 
The SBA has survived a number of threats to its existence. In 1996, the Republican-controlled House of Representatives planned to eliminate the agency. It survived and went on to receive a record high budget in 2000. Renewed efforts by the Bush Administration to end the SBA loan program met congressional resistance, although the SBA's budget was repeatedly cut, and in 2004 certain expenditures were frozen. The Obama Administration has supported the SBA budget. Significant supplemental appropriations for the agency strengthened SBA lending through the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 and the Small Business Jobs Act of 2010.
Organizational structure.
The SBA has an Administrator and a Deputy Administrator. It has an associate administrator or director for the following offices:
Senate-confirmed appointees include: Administrator, Deputy Administrator, Chief Counsel for Advocacy, and Inspector General.
Lending programs.
The most visible elements of the SBA are the loan programs it administers. The SBA does not provide grants or direct loans with the exception of Disaster Relief Loans. Instead, the SBA guarantees against default certain portions of business loans made by banks and other lenders that conform to its guidelines.
The primary use of the programs is to make loans for longer repayment periods based in part upon looser underwriting criteria than normal commercial business loans, though these programs can enable owners with bad credit to receive a loan. A business can qualify for the loan even if the yearly payment approximates previous year's profit. Most banks want annual payment for loans no more than two-thirds (2/3) of prior year's operating profits. Lower payments, longer terms and loosened criteria allow some businesses to borrow more money than otherwise.
One of the most popular uses of SBA loans is commercial mortgages on buildings occupied or to be occupied by small business. These programs are beneficial to small business because most bank programs frequently require larger down payments and/or have repayment terms requiring borrowers refinance every five years. They can be beneficial to the bank in that banks can reduce risk by taking a first-lien position for a smaller percentage of the project, then arranging for a SBA Certified Development Company to finance the remainder through a second-lien position.
Loan Guarantee Program.
The 7(a) Loan Guarantee Program is designed to help small entrepreneurs start or expand their businesses. The program makes capital available to small businesses through bank and non-bank lending institutions. The Small Business Jobs Act of 2010 permanently increased the maximum size of these loans from $2 million to $5 million.
504 Fixed Asset Financing Program.
The 504 Fixed Asset Financing Program is administered through non-profit Certified Development Companies throughout the country. This program provides funding for the purchase or construction of real estate and/or the purchase of business equipment/machinery. Of the total project costs, a lender must provide 50% of the financing, a Certified Development Company provides up to 40% of the financing through a 100% SBA-guaranteed debenture, and the applicant provides approximately 10% of the financing. Thorough due diligence of properties purchased through this program is required. Specific SBA Level I Environmental Site Assessment guidelines apply as all properties are treated as "high risk." The Small Business Jobs Act permanently increased the maximum size of these loans from $2 million to $5 million ($5.5 million for manufacturers).
MicroLoan Program.
The Small Business Jobs Act increased the maximum amount of SBA microloans from $35,000 to $50,000. These are offered through non-profit microloan financial intermediaries.
Homeowners and renters are eligible for long-term, low-interest loans to rebuild or repair a damaged property to pre-disaster condition. Before making a loan, the SBA must establish the cost of repairing or rebuilding the structure (determined by SBA's Field Inspectors who visit the property), applicant's repayment ability (determined by applicant's creditworthiness and income) and whether the applicant can secure credit in the commercial market (called the credit elsewhere test). Applicants who do not qualify for disaster assistance loans are referred to the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) for grants. Although SBA won’t decline a loan for lack of collateral, the agency is statutorily required to collateralize whatever assets are available including the damaged property, a second home or other real estate.
Businesses are also eligible for long-term, low-interest loans to recover from declared disasters. Similar to the homeowner's loan program mentioned above, small business owners pledge any available assets and acquire a similar pledge from a spouse or partner in the case of shared assets. If defaulting on the debt, the spouse or partner must surrender their value in the assets. The total value of an applicant’s assets is not considered by the SBA; therefore, a company may be approved for a loan regardless of whether that entity has little or substantial net worth.
Once an SBA loan is approved, the SBA mails closing documents to the applicant for signature. Disbursements include an initial unsecured amount of $14,000, and subsequent disbursements depending upon construction progress and continued insurance coverage. After final disbursement, the loan is transferred to one of the SBA's servicing offices for management, or to its collections office in the case of default.
Disaster Relief Loans are often approved within 21 days. However, after Hurricane Katrina the SBA processed applications, on average, in about 74 days.
If a business with a Disaster Relief Loan defaults on the loan, and the business is closed, the SBA will pursue the business owner to liquidate all personal assets, to satisfy an outstanding balance. The IRS will withhold any tax refund expected by the former business owner and apply the amount toward the loan balance.
Entrepreneurial development programs.
Small Business Development Centers.
Approximately 900 Small Business Development Center sites are funded through a combination of state and SBA support in the form of matching grants. Typically, SBDCs are co-located at community colleges, state universities, and/or other entrepreneurial hubs. 
Women's Business Centers.
110 Women's Business Centers are funded through matching grants to nonprofit organizations, many of which are located in underserved, accessible areas. These centers often serve small, home-based enterprises.
Service Corps of Retired Executives (SCORE).
SBA annually grants SCORE the funds to oversee approximately 350 chapters of volunteers who provide free mentoring and counseling to entrepreneurs and small business owners.
Federal contracting and business development programs.
8(a) Business Development Program.
The 8(a) Business Development Program assists in the development of small businesses owned and operated by individuals who are socially and economically disadvantaged, such as women and minorities. The following ethnic groups are classified as eligible: Black Americans; Hispanic Americans; Native Americans (American Indians, Eskimos, Aleuts, or Native Hawaiians); Asian Pacific Americans (persons with origins from Burma, Thailand, Malaysia, Indonesia, Singapore, Brunei, Japan, China (including Hong Kong), Taiwan, Laos, Cambodia (Kampuchea), Vietnam, Korea, The Philippines, U.S. Trust Territory of the Pacific Islands (Republic of Palau), Republic of the Marshall Islands, Federated States of Micronesia, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, Guam, Samoa, Macao, Fiji, Tonga, Kiribati, Tuvalu, or Nauru); Subcontinent Asian Americans (persons with origins from India, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka, Bhutan, the Maldives Islands or Nepal). In 2011, the SBA, along with the FBI and the IRS, uncovered a massive scheme to defraud this program. Civilian employees of the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, working in concert with an employee of Alaska Native Corporation "Eyak Technology LLC" allegedly submitted fraudulent bills to the program, totaling over 20 million dollars, and kept the money for their own use. It also alleged that the group planned to steer a further 780 million dollars towards their favored contractor.
HUBZone.
HUBZone is an SBA program for small companies that operate and employ people in Historically Underutilized Business Zones (HUBZones). The HUBZone program was created in response to the HUBZone Empowerment Act created by the US Congress in 1998.
SBA loan industry.
The SBA loan industry can be divided into distinct categories:
Small Business Investment Companies.
One of the first steps toward a professionally managed private equity and venture capital industry was the passage of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958. The 1958 Act officially allowed the SBA to license private "Small Business Investment Companies" (SBICs) to help with financing and managing small entrepreneurial businesses in the United States. Passage of the Act addressed concerns raised in a Federal Reserve Board report to Congress that concluded that a major gap existed in the capital markets for long-term funding for growth-oriented small businesses. Additionally, it was thought that fostering entrepreneurial companies would spur technological advances to compete with the Soviet Union. Facilitating the flow of capital through the economy up to the pioneering small concerns in order to stimulate the U.S. economy was and still is today the main goal of the SBIC program. The passage of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 by the federal government was an important
incentive for would-be venture capital organizations. The act provided venture capital firms structured either as SBICs or Minority Enterprise Small Business Investment Companies (MESBICs) access to federal funds which could be leveraged at a ratio of up to 4:1 against privately raised investment funds. 
In 2005, in response to extensive losses incurred in connection with tech boom investments, the SBA decided to wind down its "Participating Securities" SBIC program, which had provided equity-like SBA backing for equity-oriented SBIC funds. The SBA's "Debenture" SBIC program, the original SBIC vehicle founded in 1958, is still very much alive and healthy and continues to license and contribute capital to SBIC funds. The SBIC program had its highest ever year in Fiscal Year 2010.
Criticism.
The Cato Institute has challenged the justification of the federal government in intervening in credit markets. Among other criticisms, Cato argues that "the SBA benefits a relatively tiny number of small businesses at the expense of the vast majority of small business that do not receive government assistance. SBA subsidies also represent a form of corporate welfare for the banking industry." Cato notes that the failure rate of all SBA loans from 2001 to 2010 is 19.4%, contributing to a cost to taxpayers of $6.2 billion in 2011.
In 2005, SBA Inspector General "Report 5-15" stated, “One of the most important challenges facing the Small Business Administration and the entire Federal government today is that large businesses are receiving small business procurement awards and agencies are receiving credit for these awards.”
In October 2009, the Government Accountability Office released "Report 10-108" which stated, "By failing to hold firms accountable, SBA and contracting agencies have sent a message to the contracting community that there is no punishment or consequences for committing fraud."

</doc>
<doc id="19985716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19985716" title="Ifraim Alija">
Ifraim Alija

Ifraim Alija (Serbo-Croat: "Ifrajim Alija") (born 30 August 1985 in SFR Yugoslavia) is a footballer who plays for FC Gossau.
He played his only match in Super League 2003–04 season.

</doc>
<doc id="19985736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19985736" title="Grigori Bogemsky">
Grigori Bogemsky

Grigori Grigoryevich Bogemsky () (born 1895 in Odessa; died 1957 in Prague) was a Russian football player.
International career.
Bogemsky played his only game for Russia on 14 September 1913 in a friendly against Norway.

</doc>
<doc id="19985737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19985737" title="Vishwakarma Day">
Vishwakarma Day

Vishwakarma Day is celebrated to worship Vishwakarma, a Hindu god. Vishvakarma was the divine architect, and one of the fourteen precious things born of the Samudra manthan. He constructed the holy city of Dwarka where Lord Krishna ruled, the Maya Sabha of the Pandavas, and was the creator of many fabulous weapons for the gods. He is also called the divine carpenter, is mentioned in the Rig Veda, and is credited with Sthapatya Veda, the science of mechanics and architecture.
It is celebrated on September 16 or 17 (in some states in India, like Karnataka, West Bengal, Bihar, Jharkhand, Orrisa, and Tripura). The festival is observed primarily in factories and industrial areas, often on the shop floor. Vishwakarma is known to be the divine engineer since the Puranic age. As a mark of reverence he is worshipped not only by the engineering and architectural community, but also by all professionals. Artisans, craftsmen, mechanics, smiths, welders, industrial workers, factory workers, and workers of all kinds worship Lord Vishwakarma on this day and pray for a better future, safe working conditions, and above all success in their respective fields. Workers also pray for the smooth functioning of various machines. It is customary for craftsmen to worship their tools in His name. Workers refrain from using the tools while doing so.
Special statues and pictures of Lord Vishwakarma are normally installed in every workplace and factory. All workers gather in one common place and perform the puja.
In many factories owner and employees worship vishwakarma ji for the good working of their works.
As per Indian mythology Vishwakarma puja (reverence) is also celebrated a day after Diwali, along with Govardhan Puja.

</doc>
<doc id="19985742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19985742" title="1974 Major League Baseball Draft">
1974 Major League Baseball Draft

First round selections.
The following are the first round picks in the 1974 Major League Baseball draft.
"*" Did not sign
Background.
With the number one pick of the June regular phase, San Diego tabbed infielder Bill Almon from Brown University, one of six shortstops selected in round one. Twelve of the first 13 and a total of 16 first round selections went on to become major leaguers, including Lonnie Smith (Philadelphia), Dale Murphy (Atlanta), Garry Templeton (St. Louis), Lance Parrish (Detroit), Willie Wilson (Kansas City) and Rick Sutcliffe (Los Angeles).
Three players from the June regular phase were among the ones who got away. Pitcher Bob Welch (Chicago Cubs, 14th round), infielder Paul Molitor (St. Louis, 28th round) and pitcher Eric Show (Minnesota, 36th round) turned down pro offers for college scholarships.

</doc>
<doc id="19985754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19985754" title="Proxy (band)">
Proxy (band)

Proxy are an indie rock band based in United Kingdom. Though Proxy are from London, the four members were all born on three different continents – frontman Jon Brown in Hong Kong, Will Hanson in Paris and the Grindy brothers who form the rhythm section in South Africa. Proxy's 2008 debut album "Between the Screens" and debut single "Jet Lag" gained BBC and XFM radio airplay.

</doc>
<doc id="19985760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19985760" title="List of British Swimming Championships champions">
List of British Swimming Championships champions

The governing body of swimming in the United Kingdom, British Swimming (organisation), organises annual British Championships in swimming. The event is usually held in March or April each year in a long course (50 m) swimming pool, with the results usually acting as selection trials for upcoming international level competitions due to be held in the following summer season.
This is a list of the British champions in the events held at these annual championships.
Champions by event.
50 m breaststroke.
2013 <Hollie Hodkinson<N/A

</doc>
<doc id="19985764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19985764" title="Essex Coach">
Essex Coach

The Essex Coach was manufactured by the Essex Motor Company in Detroit, Michigan.
Essex Coach specifications (1926 data).
Standard equipment.
New car price included the following items:
Optional equipment.
The following was available at an extra cost:
Prices.
New car prices were F.O.B. factory, plus Tax:
References.
Source: 

</doc>
<doc id="19985767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19985767" title="Aimee Mullins">
Aimee Mullins

Aimee Mullins (born 1976 in Allentown, Pennsylvania) is an American athlete, actress, and fashion model who first became famous for her athletic accomplishments. She was born with a medical condition that resulted in the amputation of both of her lower legs and has become one of the most prominent thinkers on the topic of prosthetic innovation.
Early life.
Mullins was born with fibular hemimelia (missing fibula bones) and, as a result, had both of her legs amputated below the knee when she was one year old. A graduate of Parkland High School in Allentown and Georgetown University in Washington, D.C., she took up sports and acting at an early stage.
Also while at Georgetown, Mullins won a place on the Foreign Affairs internship program, working at The Pentagon. She is in demand around the world to make appearances as a speaker on topics of body, identity, design, and innovation. Her TED conference talks are amongst the most-viewed of all time and have been translated into 41 languages. She is credited as being one of the speakers that inspired Chris Anderson to purchase the TED conference from Richard Saul Wurman.
With her paternal family in County Clare, she is a first generation Irish-American and holds citizenship in both the United States and Ireland.
Sport.
As a young softball player, she once held the youth league record for stolen bases in softball. She also raced in downhill skiing while in high school. While attending Georgetown University on a full academic scholarship to the prestigious School of Foreign Service there, she competed against able-bodied athletes in NCAA Division I track and field events, and is the first amputee in history, male or female, to compete in the NCAA. She was the first person in the world on the "Cheetah" carbon-fibre sprinting legs, and made that design iconic through her extensive global press coverage. She is widely regarded around the world as a sports pioneer, and was elected to represent all American female athletes from 2007-2009 as President of the Women's Sports Foundation, founded by fellow sports pioneer Billie Jean King.
Sports Illustrated magazine named her one of the "Coolest Girls in Sport".
Mullins competed in the Paralympics in 1996 in Atlanta, in which she ran the T42-46 class 100-meter sprint in 12.88 seconds and jumped 5.14 meters in the F42-46 class long-jump. Before retiring from competitive track and field in 1998, she had set World Records in the 100m, 200m and the long jump.
Honoring her achievement and cultural contribution to sport, Mullins is included as one of the "Greatest Women of the 20th Century" in the Women's Museum in Dallas, Texas.
Along with Teresa Edwards, Mullins was appointed Chef de Mission for the United States at the 2012 Summer Olympics and 2012 Summer Paralympics in London. This role as "leader of the US delegation" is considered to be the greatest honor bestowed on an American by the United States Olympic Committee.
In 2012, she was appointed by then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton to the State Department's Council to Empower Women and Girls Through Sports, according to a State Department fact sheet.
Fashion model.
In 1998, she launched her career as a successful model by starting on the runway. She modelled for British fashion designer Alexander McQueen by opening his London show, on a pair of hand-carved wooden prosthetic legs made from solid ash, with integral boots. She continued to be one of his muses until his death in 2011. She is able to change her height between 5 ft 8in and 6 ft 1in by changing her legs. 
She has been named one of the fifty most beautiful people in the world by "People".
She has been photographed by many of the world's greatest living photographers, such as Nick Knight, Steven Klein, Bruce Weber, Walter Chin, Inez van Lamsweerde and Vinoodh Matadin, and Ellen von Unwerth. Her iconic cover of "Dazed & Confused" magazine in 1998 led to features in fashion magazine staples like Harper's Bazaar, Elle, Vogue, i-D, Another, Numero, and Garage. She was on billboards across America as part of the "25 Years of Non-Uniform Thinking" campaign Kenneth Cole in 2009. She signed a major global contract to be a face of L'Oréal Paris, the world's largest beauty brand, was appointed as a global L'Oréal Ambassador February 2011. She joined fellow ambassadors Jennifer Lopez, Beyoncé, Diane Keaton, Milla Jovovich, Claudia Schiffer, Laetitia Casta, Eva Longoria, Cheryl Cole,and Rachel Weisz.
Actress.
In 2002, she starred in Matthew Barney's iconic art film "Cremaster 3" as six different characters, most memorably a cheetah woman (the Entered Novitiate and Oonagh MacCumhail). Other film and TV credits include Oliver Stone's "World Trade Center", "Five Little Pigs" (with David Suchet and Aidan Gillen), "Naked in a Fishbowl", "Quid Pro Quo"(with Vera Farmiga and Nick Stahl) and "Marvelous" (with Amy Ryan, Michael Shannon, Ewen Bremner and Martha Plimpton). In the "River of Fundament", she continues her collaboration with Matthew Barney by starring as Isis in performances both live and filmed since 2007, with a rumoured release date some time in early 2014. She has roles in in-production titles "Young Ones" (with Nicholas Hoult, Elle Fanning and Michael Shannon), "The Being Experience" (with Terrence Howard, Famke Janssen and Alan Cumming), "Rob the Mob" (with Nina Arianda, Samira Wiley, Michael Pitt and Andy Garcia), and Desiree Akhavan's debut feature "Appropriate Behavior". She is currently shooting a new television show for NBC called "Crossbones" opposite John Malkovich.
She appeared on "The Colbert Report" on April 15, 2010 and declared having 12 pairs of prosthetic legs, with some "in museums".
Books.
Mullins has been featured in the following books:
External links.
"'

</doc>
<doc id="19985768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19985768" title="Wrestling at the 1972 Summer Olympics – Men's freestyle 100 kg">
Wrestling at the 1972 Summer Olympics – Men's freestyle 100 kg

The Men's Freestyle 100 kg at the 1972 Summer Olympics as part of the wrestling program at the Fairgrounds, Judo and Wrestling Hall.
Tournament results.
The competition used a form of negative points tournament, with negative points given for any result short of a fall. Accumulation of 6 negative points eliminated the wrestler. When only two or three wrestlers remain, a special final round is used to determine the order of the medals.
Final.
Results from the preliminary round are carried forward into the final (shown in yellow).

</doc>
<doc id="19985770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19985770" title="Community Impact Newspaper">
Community Impact Newspaper

History.
In September 2005, Community Impact Newspaper published by JG Media, Inc. launched its first edition in Pflugerville/Round Rock, Texas. There were three full-time employees including the publisher, John Garrett, and the company officed out of the game room in John’s house. Garrett is a former Advertising Director of the "Austin Business Journal" before starting Community Impact Newspaper.
Today Community Impact had grown into a full-fledged, fast growing business. As of 2011 the newspaper has 63 employees, has earned multiple National Newspaper Association awards and has been named "One of the 10 Fastest Growing Newspapers in the US" by "The Business Insider" online magazine.
Publications / trade areas.
As of 2011 the following markets are being served with various individual editions:
Specific trade area editions are:
There are plans for additional expansions into Houston and Dallas as well as other markets and expansion of the existing Dallas/Fort Worth and Houston markets. Current circulation in 2011 is above 700,000. The newspaper is mailed to all households in the given trade area assuring widespread circulation. It is a non-subscription based newspaper.

</doc>
<doc id="19985776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19985776" title="Chrysiptera hemicyanea">
Chrysiptera hemicyanea

Chrysiptera hemicyanea, known commonly as the azure damselfish, azure demoiselle, half-blue demoiselle, and yellow-dipped damsel, is a species of damselfish. It is native to the eastern Indian Ocean and western Pacific.
Appearance.
This tropical marine fish reaches 7 centimeters long. It is mostly bright blue in color, with bright yellow ventrally.
Uses.
This fish is of commercial importance as an aquarium pet.

</doc>
<doc id="19985785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19985785" title="VDEC">
VDEC

VDEC or vDEC may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19985787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19985787" title="Ripperda">
Ripperda

Ripperda is the name of an old and prominent family that belongs to the German, Austrian, Spanish and Dutch nobility. Members of this family have played a major role in European history as soldiers, politicians and diplomats.
Origins.
The origins of the name are not completely clear but the family seems to originate from East Frisia, settling in the north-eastern part of the Netherlands (de Ommelanden), the current province of Groningen, in the 14th century. The name Ripperda is probably derived from the man’s name Rippert (Rupert). This was not uncommon among Frisian families.
Barons.
In 1474, Frederick III, Holy Roman Emperor conferred upon Unico II Ripperda and all his descendants the title of baron with Imperial immediacy (“Reichsunmittelbarer Häuptling und Freiherr”) and the right to issue coins ("muntrecht"). On 3 September 1676, Leopold I, Holy Roman Emperor recognised this nobility diploma and confirmed the title of baron ("Reichsfreiherr") for all members of the house of Ripperda.
From the 11th century, members of this family had ruled as local chiefs in the provinces of Groningen and East Frisia. Later, they also belonged to the local nobility of Drenthe, Overijssel, Zutphen, Münster and Minden, among others. Their influence and wealth continued to increase throughout The Netherlands and Westphalia with the help of advantageous marriages and alliances. At their zenith, in the 17th and 18th centuries, the Ripperdas were among the most powerful and wealthiest nobles in the region. As such, they are closely related to a number of other prominent noble families.
Ripperdas today.
The Dutch branches of Ripperda-Farmsum, -Oosterwijtwerd, -Winsum, -Vorden and -Weldam had all died out by the early 19th century. The Dutch-German branch of Ripperda-Petkum died out in 1739; the Dutch-Austrian branch of Ripperda-Boxbergen in 1920; and the German branch of Ripperda-Ellerburg shortly after World War II. Today, only one Danish member of the branch of Ripperda-Ellerburg (a.k.a. "de Ripperda") survives in Copenhagen, and five of the Dutch-German branch, Cosijn von Ripperda, in London and Paris.
In addition, numerous descendants of an illegitimate son exist in Lingen (Germany) and the USA. However, the latter have never belonged to the nobility and are not formally recognised by the family.

</doc>
<doc id="19985794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19985794" title="Tadeusz Socha">
Tadeusz Socha

Tadeusz Socha (born February 15, 1988 in Wrocław) is a Polish football defender who plays for Śląsk Wrocław in the Ekstraklasa.

</doc>
<doc id="19985811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19985811" title="7th Ohio Cavalry">
7th Ohio Cavalry

The 7th Regiment, Ohio Cavalry was a regiment of Union cavalry raised in southern Ohio for service during the American Civil War. Nicknamed the "River Regiment" as its men came from nine counties along the Ohio River, it served in the Western Theater in several major campaigns of the Army of the Ohio.
Organization and service.
The 7th Ohio Volunteer Cavalry was organized in Ripley, Ohio, on October 3, 1862, under Col. Israel Garrard. 
The regiment primarily operated in Kentucky, Tennessee, and western North Carolina, seeing action in several campaigns and cavalry raids as part of the Army of the Ohio. It was part of the Union forces hastily sent northward in the summer of 1863 in pursuit of Morgan's Raiders, seeing action at the Battle of Buffington Island where much of Morgan's command was captured. Colonel Garrard accepted the surrender of the Confederates under Col. Basil W. Duke, although Brig. Gen. John Hunt Morgan escaped with a portion of the raiders.
Participating in the Knoxville Campaign in the autumn of 1863, the 7th suffered a significant setback in a small skirmish in Greeneville, Tennessee, on November 6. Confederate Maj. Gen. Robert Ransom, Jr., and Brig. Gen. William E. "Grumble" Jones dispersed Union cavalry and infantry in the area, seizing numerous prisoners from the 7th Ohio Cavalry and the 2nd East Tennessee Mounted Infantry regiments.
In July 1864, the regiment moved from Tennessee into Georgia and joined the forces of Maj. Gen. William T. Sherman during the Atlanta Campaign. It participated in numerous skirmishes and engagements with Confederate cavalry until the fall of Atlanta in late July. The regiment then accompanied the army of George H. Thomas northward back into Tennessee during the Franklin-Nashville Campaign, again engaged in scouting and periodic skirmishes with the Confederates, particularly during the retreat of the beaten Army of Tennessee as it withdrew towards the Tennessee River.
In March 1865, the 7th participated in Wilson's Raid into Alabama and was among the troops to enter Selma. It pursued retreating Confederates as far as the Andersonville Prison in Georgia, where news was received that Robert E. Lee had surrendered in Virginia.
The 7th OVC was mustered out on July 4, 1865, and returned home to Ohio. During the war, the regiment lost 2 officers and 26 enlisted men killed and mortally wounded, and 4 officers and 197 enlisted men by disease, for a total of 229 fatalities.
Following the war, veterans frequently met to remember the war and their fallen comrades, and many became active in local posts of the Grand Army of the Republic.

</doc>
<doc id="19985821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19985821" title="Bill Wise (baseball)">
Bill Wise (baseball)

William E. Wise (March 15, 1861 – May 5, 1940) was an American professional baseball player. He played in Major League Baseball for three seasons from 1882 to 1886, splitting his time between pitcher and the outfield. He played for the Baltimore Orioles of the American Association, the Washington Nationals of the Union Association, and the Washington Nationals of the National League. Wise died in his hometown of Washington, D.C. at the age of 79, and is interred at Glenwood Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="19985825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19985825" title="Mali i Zhlebit">
Mali i Zhlebit

Mali i Zhlebit (Montenegrin and , "Žljeb") is a large mountain in north-western Kosovo and Rožaje Municipality, eastern Montenegro. It is part of the Prokletije, located between the mountains of Hajla and Mokna. Nearly all the mountain is in the territory of Kosovo. The White Drin river originates in the mountain. Zhlebit mountain also creates some of the eastern part of the Rugova Canyon. It has two high and impressive peaks: the higher is called "Rusulija" () and is high, while the lower is called just "Zhlebit", at . Rusulija's slopes are covered with rich forests and near the summit there are meadows. 
The village Radavica in Kosovo is located near the mountain.
Notes and references.
Notes:
References:

</doc>
<doc id="19985827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19985827" title="CVQO">
CVQO

The CVQO manages Vocational Qualifications for members of the British cadet organisations.
Rationale.
Young people who are members of the Cadet Forces gain skills that include
It was recognised that these skills were “transferable” to higher education and the work place and of interest to employers. The CVQO acts as a delivery point by being accredited by lead bodies such as City & Guilds and Edexcel and professional bodies (ILM) where these skills can be recognised by qualifications.
Qualifications.
Cadets.
Cadets can also qualify for other BTEC awards through the training that is carried out at their squadrons/units. Cadets have to be 16 before they can start working towards a qualification. There are many additional courses and awards that can be gained. The recognised qualifications are:
Adults.
Adult members of staff can also receive qualifications from the CVQO. These include:

</doc>
<doc id="19985829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19985829" title="Bendle Public Schools">
Bendle Public Schools

Bendle Public School District is a public school district in Burton, Genesee County in the U.S. state of Michigan and in the Genesee Intermediate School District. 
History.
On December 9, 2003, a consolidation vote for the three all Burton school districts took place with Atherton and Bentley voters in favor of consolidation and Bendle voters were not in favor. 
Athletics.
Bendle High School is a class C school district.

</doc>
<doc id="19985842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19985842" title="Makoto Satō">
Makoto Satō

Makoto Satō (佐藤 真 "Satō Makoto", September 12, 1957 - September 4, 2007) was a Japanese documentary film director. Among his best-known films were "Living On the River Agano", which describes people around the Agano River where incidents of Niigata Minamata disease were discovered, and "Self and Others".
His final film, "Out of Place: Memories of Edward Said" (2005), was named Best Documentary at the 2006 Mainichi Film Awards.
Early life.
Satō was born in Hirosaki, Aomori Prefecture, and raised in Tokyo.

</doc>
<doc id="19985849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19985849" title="Bentley Community Schools">
Bentley Community Schools

Bentley Community School District is a public school district in Genesee County in the U.S. state of Michigan and in the Genesee Intermediate School District. It serves Belsay and Lapeer Heights Neighorhoods of the City of Burton.

</doc>
<doc id="19985850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19985850" title="Thoranai">
Thoranai

Thoranai (Dubbed in Hindi as "Vishal Ki Kurbani") is a 2009 Indian Tamil-language film starring Vishal and Shriya in the lead roles and supporting actor Prakash Raj in another prominent role. Directed by Iyappan, and produced by Vishal's home company, GK Films, the film released in 29 May 2009 to mixed reviews. The Telugu version, titled Pistha, was filmed and released simultaneously.
The movie was led into a controversy for a kissing scene between the lead pair and the images were released online, later the producer reconciled that the scene were released without permission and it was not to evoke anything vulgar emotions. Some still claim that the photos were released intentionally for advertising purpose as it had the top actress Shriya kissing with Vishal. It failed to do well at the box office
Plot.
Guru (Kishore) and Thamizharasu (Prakashraj) are dreaded gangsters in Chennai. They are against pitted each other and fight to establish their supremacy in city. They indulge in gang war painting Chennai red. Enters Murugan (Vishal). A native of Madurai, he comes to Chennai with a mission. He leaves his village promising his mother (Geetha) that he would return only with his brother, who had run away from the house about two decades ago.
Murugan gets the help of his friend Veluchamy (Santhanam). He comes across the gangsters and a sequence of events results in him incurring both their wrath. In a bloody duel with Guru, he comes to know that he is his brother, whom he has been searching for long. Now he is entrusted with the task of protecting him from Thamizharasu. How he accomplishes his task forms the crux. 

</doc>
<doc id="19985865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19985865" title="International Marine Contractors Association">
International Marine Contractors Association

The International Marine Contractors Association (IMCA) is the leading international trade association representing offshore, marine, and underwater engineering companies.
Membership.
With a membership (as of May 2013) of over 920 companies in more than 60 countries, IMCA has grown fourfold since 1995 both in terms of members and of countries represented.
There are separate categories of membership for contractor, supplier, training establishment, personnel agency and non-voting corresponding (oil companies, governmental and regulatory bodies) members (membership is not open to private individuals). Each member joins one or more of IMCA's four divisions (Diving, Marine, Offshore Survey, Remote Systems and ROV) according to its own areas of operation and gains access to the core world-wide activities of IMCA and to its local regional section.
IMCA is the leading body for employers of offshore commercial divers and utilizes the European Diving Technology Committee medical standards.
Education.
The Association has two main annual seminars, one based on Health, Safety and the environment and the other themed around an issue which the marine and offshore industry is currently facing. These seminars take place in each of the associations five geographical regions, rotating between them annually.
In addition to the seminars, the IMCA publishes guidance notes and accident statistics to improve operational safety within the industry.

</doc>
<doc id="19985873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19985873" title="Damjanović">
Damjanović

Damjanović (originally meaning "son of Damjan") is a Serbian and Croatian surname. It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19985874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19985874" title="Clio Area School District">
Clio Area School District

Clio Area School District is a public school district in Genesee County in the U.S. state of Michigan and in the Genesee Intermediate School District. The district includes the all of the city of Clio; the majorities of Vienna Township,and Thetford Township; and parts of Mount Morris Township, and Montrose Township, Michigan. 
Clio Schools opetates a three-tier configuration for district schools. Grades K-4 are assigned to Elementary level, 5-8 are assigned to the Middle School/Jr High level, and 9-12 to the High School level.
Attendants of the Clio Area High School require 28.5 credits to graduate. If you do not have at least this many credits, there are credit make up programs to allow you to make up any credits in order to graduate on time.
Athletics.
Clio was a charter member of the Genesee County B League, formed in 1950. In 1960, Clio, along with seven other schools from around Genesee County left the GCBL to form the Big Eight Conference. The conference would later be renamed the Big Nine Conference in 1968 after the addition of an additional member school.
Clio would remain a member of the Big Nine through 2006, when the district applied for and received membership in the Flint Metro League.
Though Clio has no recognized Michigan High School Athletic Association team state championships, the school finished as state runner-up for girls cross country (1980), and girls golf (2000–2006). The school has had several individual state champions in boys wrestling and girls cross country. In 2007 Russell Fyock won the schools first ever Alligator wresting competition and has been recognized every year since.
Recently the boys cross country team took second place at the Michigan State Spartan Invitational (2012)
The press box located at the Clio High School's Pride Stadium was renamed in 1991 in honor of long time Clio resident and former Board of Education member Robert Sheppard. Sheppard, who was the public address announcer for the Mustangs for many years, was killed in a collision in Chesaning, MI in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="19985920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19985920" title="Latonia Derby">
Latonia Derby

The Latonia Derby was an American Thoroughbred horse race run annually from 1883 through 1937 at Latonia Race Track in Latonia, Kentucky. Open to three-year-old horses, for its first 52 years the Latonia Derby was contested at a mile and a half; in 1935, the race was shortened to a mile and a quarter. It began as the Hindoo Stakes in honor of the Kentucky-bred U.S. Racing Hall of Fame horse, Hindoo. The race usually attracted the Kentucky Derby winner; it became so popular that in 1912 a motion picture was made by Independent Motion Picture Co. entitled "Winning the Latonia Derby", featuring silent film star King Baggot.
The inaugural 1883 Latonia Derby was won by Kentucky Derby winner Leonatus. Future Derby winners Kingman (1891), Halma (1895), Ben Brush (1896), Lieut. Gibson (1900), Elwood (1904) and Sir Huon (1906) also won the race; the 1918 edition was won by Harry Payne Whitney's Belmont Stakes-winning colt, Johren. In 1936, Rushaway won the Illinois Derby during the afternoon, then was shipped overnight to win the Latonia Derby the following afternoon.

</doc>
<doc id="19985922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19985922" title="Mikhail Butusov">
Mikhail Butusov

Mikhail Pavlovich Butusov () (born June 18, 1900 in Saint Petersburg; died April 11, 1963 in Leningrad) was a Soviet football player and coach and a bandy player. He was the brother of Vasily Butusov.
International career.
Butusov made his debut for USSR on November 16, 1924 in a friendly against Turkey. He was the captain of the team and scored 2 goals in a 3:0 victory. This was the first official game of the Soviet Union in international football, and therefore Butusov scored the first ever goal for the USSR.

</doc>
<doc id="19985931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19985931" title="DirecTV satellite fleet">
DirecTV satellite fleet

The DirecTV satellite fleet is a group of communications satellites located at various geostationary orbits for the DirecTV satellite television service and HughesNet (formerly known as "DirectWAY" and "DirectPC") internet service.
Satellites and their orbits.
Defunct satellites are highlighted in gold.
Details of satellite fleet.
DirecTV-1R.
DirecTV-1R was launched in 1999. It was the first satellite used to broadcast local channels for DirecTV in major DMAs, and was positioned at 101.2° W when it first entered service. In 2004, DirecTV-1R was repositioned to 72.5° W to provide local channels for smaller DMAs not served by satellites in the 101° W, 110° W, or 119° W positions. From 2004 to 2011 in these smaller DMAs, a separate dish was required to obtain local channels. In early 2012, DirecTV-1R was briefly repositioned to 109.8° W as a spare for DirecTV-5, however, in mid-2012, it was announced that DirecTV-1R would be leased to the Russian Satellite Communications Company, and was repositioned to its current location at 55.8° E in late 2012 as a stopgap supplement to the RSCC's aging Bonum 1 satellite due to delays of the RSCC's Express-AT1 satellite. Once Express-AT1 enters service, both Bonum 1 and DirecTV-1R are planned for deorbit.
Galaxy 3C.
Galaxy 3C is a geostationary communications satellite located at 95° W. It was launched on June 15, 2002, with a Sea Launch vehicle, and is currently active on the C and Ku-bands, with 24 transponders for each. Owned by Intelsat, some of the satellite's users include DirecTV's Brazil and Latin America systems, the Racetrack TV Network DBS service, and HughesNet.
Rite-Aid, TJ Maxx, and Chevron use Galaxy 3C as a VSAT platform.
Spaceway 1 & Spaceway 2.
The SPACEWAY satellites were originally designed for use by Hughes Electronics. The satellites were re-purposed for DirecTV after News Corporation purchased a controlling interest in Hughes.
DirecTV-10, DirecTV-11, and DirecTV-12.
DirecTV satellites 10, 11, and 12 are Boeing model 702 satellites designed to deliver high definition television to the continental United States, Hawaii, and Alaska.
DirecTV successfully launched its newest satellite, DirecTV-12, on December 28, 2009. It became fully operational on May 19, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19985934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19985934" title="Darko Damjanović">
Darko Damjanović

Darko Damjanović (born 5 November 1977) is a former Swiss footballer.
He played 5 games in Super League in 2002–03 season.
In May 2010, he was given an open-ended suspension after involved in the 2009 European football betting scandal. His former team-mate Marc Lütolf and Mario Bigoni were also banned.

</doc>
<doc id="19985939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19985939" title="Sunrise Mall (Brownsville, Texas)">
Sunrise Mall (Brownsville, Texas)

Sunrise Mall is an enclosed shopping mall in Brownsville, Texas, United States. It was opened in 1979, only five years after the town's other mall, Amigoland Mall. Sunrise Mall features more than 100 stores, including four anchor stores (Bealls, Dillard's, JCPenney, and Sears), as well as a food court and a Cinemark movie theater. The mall is managed by CBL & Associates Properties.
History.
Sunrise Mall opened in 1979 on the north side of Brownsville, on the northesastern corner of U.S. Route 77 and Ruben M. Torres, Sr. Blvd. A strip mall called Sunrise Commons later opened behind the mall as well. The mall remained largely unchanged until 1999, when Dillard's purchased the mall in association with the MG Herring Group, relocating its Kmart anchor store to the Sunrise Commons and opening a new Dillard's store in July 2000, where Kmart had been. As a result, the Dillard's in Amigoland Mall, an older mall nearby, was closed. JCPenney also moved from Amigoland Mall in 2000, and that mall was subsequently converted to a college in 2003.
Also in 2000, a food court was added to Sunrise Mall. Three years later, Dillard's sold its share of the mall (except for the Dillard's anchor) to CBL & Associates Properties. Linens 'n Things was also added in 2005, but closed in 2008 as part of the chain's bankruptcy.

</doc>
<doc id="19985946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19985946" title="William Alexander Greenhill">
William Alexander Greenhill

William Alexander Greenhill (1 January 1814, Stationers' Hall, London – 19 September 1894, Hastings) was an English physician, literary editor and sanitary reformer.
Biography.
William Alexander Greenhill was the youngest of three sons of George Greenhill, treasurer of the Stationers' Company. He was educated at Rugby School under Thomas Arnold: a favourite pupil of Arnold, he later married Arnold's niece Laura Ward. At Rugby he befriended A. H. Clough, W. C. Lake, A. P. Stanley and C. J. Vaughan; he went on to Trinity College, Oxford, where he took no arts degree but (studying medicine at the Radcliffe Infirmary and Paris) graduated M.B. in 1839 and M.D. in 1840. 
Greenhill was appointed physician to the Radcliffe Infirmary in 1839. A "pioneer in the cause of sanitary reform, in the days when sanitary reform was thought a crazy fanaticism", he first wrote on Oxford's public health and mortality for the Ashmolean Society, after a cholera outbreak in Oxford.
In 1840 he hosted Richard Francis Burton in his house, encouraging the young student to study the Arabic by introducing him to the Spanish scholar Don Pascual de Gayangos. At the time Greenhill, who lived in John Henry Newman's parish, was serving as Newman's churchwarden; he came to know Pusey, and other leaders of the Oxford Movement. Other Oxford academic friends included Charles Page Eden, William John Copeland, Charles Marriott, J. B. Morris and James Bowling Mozley. A political liberal, Greenhill actively supported William Ewart Gladstone's election as MP for the university in 1847. Like other university liberals, however, he was later discomfited by Gladstone's direction in the 1880s: he did not vote liberal in 1885 (fearing disestablishment of the Church of England) or 1886 (objecting to the Home Rule programme.)
In 1851 Greenhill resigned his Radcliffe Infirmary post and briefly attempted practice as an Oxford physician. However, he moved later that year to Hastings on grounds of health, though he may also have wanted to escape Oxford's febrile religious controversies. For many years he was physician to the St. Leonards and East Sussex Infirmary. His investigations of mortality rates in Hastings showed the insanitary conditions of artisan housing, despite the town's new popularity as a health resort. In 1857 he founded the Hastings Cottage Improvement Society, and was its secretary from 1857 to 1891: this company bought up and improved insanitary accommodation, as well as building new housing of a better standard. The venture's success prompted Greenhill to promote the idea at the National Association for the Promotion of Social Science, and establish a similar organization in London, the London Labourers' Dwellings Society, of which he was secretary from 1862 to 1876. On Gladstone's recommendation, Greenhill was granted a civil list pension of £60 in 1881. At the time of his death at The Croft, Hastings, aged 81, Greenhill had outlived his wife and his eldest daughter and son, who had each died young; one son and one daughter survived him.
Literary pursuits.
Greenhill's interest in Arabic and Greek medical writers resulted in a Greek and Latin edition of Theophilus, a Latin edition of Thomas Sydenham (1844), an English translation from the Arabic of Rhazes on small-pox, and a large number of articles in William Smith's "Dictionary of Greek and Roman Antiquities". In the mid-1840s he published anonymous memoirs of James Stonhouse, Thomas Harrison Burder and George Cheyne, and edited material on physicians' social duties by Jacob Horst, Christoph Wilhelm Hufeland, and Thomas Gisbourne. An enthusiast for Sir Thomas Browne, Greenhill's 1881 edition of "Religio Medici" for Macmillan's 'Golden Treasury' series was praised for its scholarship and became the standard edition of the book. His edition of Browne's "Hydriotaphia" and "Garden of Cyrus", unfinished at his death, was completed by his friend E. H. Marshall and published in 1896. He was an editor and frequent contributor to the "British Medical Journal", and contributed to "Notes and Queries" and the "Dictionary of National Biography".

</doc>
<doc id="19985948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19985948" title="Victor Tsigal">
Victor Tsigal

Victor Efimovich Tsigal () (May 21, 1916 – 2005) was a Russian painter.
Tsigal was born into a Jewish family in Odessa in 1916.
He became a noted painter and produced a large body of work in the socialist realist style.
Tsigal was commissioned to design the new Soviet Rouble bank note which was issued in 1961. He came up with a series of designs depicting scenes from Soviet daily life and Soviet industrial achievements.
Tsigal became an expert on the production and design of banknotes and travelled widely from the 1960s until the late 1980s giving the benefit of his expertise to Communist groups and organisations in a number of countries.

</doc>
<doc id="19985950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19985950" title="GE-400 series">
GE-400 series

The GE-400 series were Time-sharing Information Systems computers by General Electric introduced in 1964 and shipped until 1968.
System description.
The GE-400 series came in three models: 415, 425, and 435.
GE-400 systems had a word length of 24 bits which could contain binary data, 4 6-bit BCD characters, or 4 signed decimal digits. GE-400 systems could have up to 32768 words (132K characters) of magnetic-core memory with a cycle time of 2.7 microseconds (435) or 5.1 microseconds (425). The systems supported up to eight channels for input/output.
Unique features.
GE-400 systems featured a "variable length, relocatable accumulator" which could be set programmatically to a length of one to four words and relocated to overlay any four adjacent locations in memory (modulo four). "The accumulator can be moved to the data to be processed, rather than moving the data." 
Successor systems.
The 400 series was succeeded by the incompatible 36-bit GE-600 series.

</doc>
<doc id="19985961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19985961" title="California Proposition 39 (2000)">
California Proposition 39 (2000)

Proposition 39 was an initiative state constitutional amendment and statute which appeared on the November 7th, 2000, California general election ballot. It was passed with 5,431,152 "Yes" votes, for 53.4 percent of the total votes cast. Its principal effect is to amend Proposition 13, thus lowering the required supermajority necessary in order for voters to impose local school bond acts, from 2/3 of all votes cast, to fifty-five percent (11/20ths). Proposition 39 was essentially a milder version of Proposition 26, which would have ended the Proposition 13 supermajority altogether, but which was defeated with 3,521,327 "Yes" votes, for 48.7 percent of the total votes cast, in the March 7th, 2000 California primary election.

</doc>
<doc id="19985985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19985985" title="Gillia altilis">
Gillia altilis

Gillia altilis, common name the Buffalo pebblesnail, is a species of freshwater snail, an aquatic gastropod mollusk with an operculum in the family Lithoglyphidae.
"Gillia altilis" is the only species in the genus Gillia.
Shell description.
The shell of this species is inflated but still conical. The shell color is usually yellow to green. The shell has 2–4 whorls when eroded, and ~4.5 when intact. Each whorl is distinctly shouldered. The umbilicus is either not apparent, or very small. The columella is not thickened, and the shell itself can be thin or thick. The shell aperture is oval to ear-shaped. When viewed laterally, the outer lip of the shell bends forward.
The height of the shell is 6–8 mm (– in).
The operculum is chitinous, oval, yellow to green in color and shows paucispiral markings, with a subcentral nucleus.
Anatomy.
The mantle is black, or shows dark pigmentation. This pigmentation is also seen in the nape, the anterior part of the snout, the top of the tentacles, and along the edge of the peristome (the margin of the gastropod shell).
The radula of "Gillia altilis" looks like a single serrated blade, with 51-55 rows of teeth. Each row has 2 central basocones, 3-4 central octocones, 8-9 lateral teeth, ca. 30 inner marginal teeth and 6-9 outer marginal teeth.
Distribution.
Indigenous distribution.
"Gillia altilis" is native to the Atlantic coastal drainage of North America. It occurs from New York State and Vermont south to South Carolina.
In some regions where "Gillia altilis" is native, populations are declining or not very abundant: for example, in Vermont, this species is considered to be an invertebrate species in “greatest conservation need”.
This snail is listed as a species of special concern in its native range in New York State, where the species is ranked as S1 (very vulnerable due to low abundance of species and/or required habitat), protected U SC (unprotected at present but of special concern due to increasing evidence of vulnerability) and globally as G5 (rare but not vulnerable). Loss of habitat due to anthropogenic modifications, pesticides and competition with introduced species are considered the major threats to declining or vulnerable gastropod populations in New York State.
Nonindigenous distribution.
The first record of "Gillia altilis" in the Great Lakes drainage was from Oneida Lake, New York State, around 1915–1918. However, in subsequent years it was likely extirpated from this water body.
"Gillia altilis" was able to colonize the Lake Ontario drainage basin by means of the Erie Canal system in New York State, which connects this part of the Great Lakes with the Hudson River. The snail was later recorded from Niagara-on-the-Lake, Lake Ontario, in 1936, and in the Erie Canal at various times before 1940. "Gillia altilis" is considered established in the Lake Ontario drainage.
The New York State Department of Environmental Conservation also reports records from Lake Erie, but gives no references and declares that the current status of this population is unknown.
At this time, there are no recorded negative impacts in the Great Lakes system. There are also no known impacts in other water bodies at present.
Ecology.
Habitat.
"Gillia altilis" is usually found in freshwater stream environments. Its globose shell is adapted for inhabiting high-velocity lotic environments (rheophile animal), because it allows for a large, muscular foot that can suction to rocks. However, relatives of this species, with the same globose shell and large foot, are well adapted to living on silty substrates because the large foot prevents the snail from sinking. In fact, it is not uncommon for "Gillia altilis" to inhabit both stagnant waters in lakes and streams and rapidly moving waters. In Vermont, it is found in the Hudson River in shoals where there is macrophyte cover and mud substrate. In New York State, it also commonly inhabits warmwater, shallow lacustrine habitats with mud substrate.
Feeding habits.
This snail has a radula that is specialized, exhibiting overall larger but fewer cones and cusps on the various teeth, which are adapted for grazing on coarser food particles than are eaten by related snails in the subfamily Lithoglyphinae.
Life cycle.
"Gillia altilis" exhibits separate sexes. Sperm is transmitted to the female through a penis that extends from the nape of the male. This species lays its eggs in hemisphere-shaped capsules, singly or in clumps up to six at a time, on leaves and stems of macrophytes (or stones and leaf litter).
The egg capsules are ~1.25 mm in diameter.
References.
This article incorporates public domain text from the reference

</doc>
<doc id="19985986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19985986" title="Davison Community Schools">
Davison Community Schools

Davison Community Schools is a public school district located in Genesee County, MI. The district is nationally accredited through AdvancED. In addition, Davison Community Schools serves grades PK-12 among nine buildings and is a part of the Genesee Intermediate School District as well as Saginaw Valley League for athletics.
Board of Education.
The Davison Community Schools' Board of Education consists of seven members that serve four year terms. Elections for these positions are held each May and no more than two positions are open at one time. The board is responsible for handling a budget worth close to $45,000,000, 700 full-time & part-time employees, as well as planning and programming curriculum for its 5,500 students.
Davison High School.
Davison High School is home to the district's 9th though 12th grade students. The school has been recognized both state wide and nationally for its DECA and DTV broadcasting program. The high school offers many clubs and programs that include National Honor Society, Student Council, Business Professionals of America, Key Club, Common Ground, SADD, Drama, and many more. 
The school's mission statement is:
"It is the mission of Davison High School to effectively educate every student by creating a student centered institution that has a reputation for exemplary academics, exhibits shared core values, promotes cultural diversity, and provides equal access to technology as it cultivates life skills that transcend all areas of a student’s life."
Davison Alternative High School.
Davison Alternative High School serves students who are at risk of not graduating from a normal high school. The program at DAE runs on trimesters as opposed to four periods allowing students to regain credits that they may have lost not completing courses in a regular program. 
The building that houses 150 students was renovated during the summer of 2009 which added windows and updated technology throughout the building. The renovation cost the district $1.42 million.
Davison Middle School.
<br>
Davison Middle School or DMS is Davison Community Schools' home to seventh and eighth graders. The school offers programs such as band, choir, athletics, and many other clubs. 
The school was renovated in 2004 adding additional classrooms to the west side of the building and updating technology throughout the building.
Hahn Intermediate.
Hahn Intermediate is the district's newest building. Completed in 1998 the building now houses all of the district's fifth and sixth grade students. Students are able to start taking music classes while in fifth grade and are also able to participate in physical education and art courses. <br> 
The school's gymnasium is used every year for the Davison Expo which showcases the best of Davison businesses and activities.
Central Elementary.
Central Elementary is the district's oldest building having once served as the district's high school. Today the building houses some of the district's first and fourth graders. The building also houses the district's school nurse, psychologist, social worker, and therapist.
Gates Elementary.
Gates Elementary houses first through fourth graders for students living in the southern part of the district.
Hill Elementary.
Hill Elementary is a kindergarten through fourth grade school located near the center of the city. It is also the only school in the district that operates on an eleven month schedule (year around) with breaks scattered throughout the year.
Siple Elementary.
Siple Elementary sits on the northern boundary of Davison Community Schools and serves grades first through fourth.
The school is known throughout the district for its "Super Science Day" which is held annually. The program introduces elementary students to some of the basic elementary elements of science.
Thomson Elementary.
Thomson Elementary is the only building in the district to offer both kindergarten and junior first grade.
Students at the school have been recipients for several years of free bike helmets that are given away in an effort to promote bicycle safety.
Athletics.
Davison Community Schools is a member of the Saginaw Valley League and the Michigan High School Athletic Association.
DTV Channel 99.
DTV is Davison Community Schools' Education station that is located inside of Davison High School. DTV is run the students in the DTV class offered at Davison High School, it is supervised by Randy Scott and station manager Sandy Coots. The channel is aired locally on Charter Communications' channel 99 and has recently started streaming programs on MHSAA.tv. 
DTV has been recognized many times by the Michigan Association of Broadcasters, Michigan Interscholastic Press Association, and the National Scholastic Press Association. 
In January 2010 DTV released its special news production "A Rx for Trouble". The program highlighted the dangers of prescription drug abuse in conjunction with the district's prescription drug task force. The video has been used at schools across the state of Michigan to highlight the dangers of prescription drug abuse as it tells the true story of how one student who experimented with prescription drugs was expelled from the district for experimenting just one time. 

</doc>
<doc id="19986000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986000" title="Chilean Declaration of Independence">
Chilean Declaration of Independence

The Chilean Declaration of Independence is a document declaring the independence of Chile from the Spanish Empire. It was drafted in January 1818 and approved by Supreme Director Bernardo O'Higgins on February 12, 1818 at Talca, despite being dated in Concepción on January 1, 1818. The ceremony of independence was performed on February 12, 1818, the first anniversary of the Battle of Chacabuco.
The original document, displaying manuscript comments by O'Higgins, was damaged at the Palace of the Real Audiencia of Chile. In 1832, under President José Joaquín Prieto, a new copy was sent to Peru to be signed by O'Higgins, and later by his former ministers, Miguel Zañartu, Hipólito Villegas and José Ignacio Zenteno, who were still living in Chile. This copy was kept at the Palacio de La Moneda until the 1973 Chilean coup d'état, when it was destroyed during the fighting.
Historical background.
By 1817, the Chilean War of Independence had entered its final phase, and there was little doubt that its final goal, national independence, would be realized. Even though Chile had been operating independently from Spain for several years, no formal declaration of independence had yet been produced.
One of the first official documents to address the issue of independence was the , introduced by José Miguel Carrera on October 27, 1812. Article V of this document states that "No decree, ruling or order, issued by any authority or courts outside the territory of Chile, will have any effect; anyone who tries to give them force will be punished as criminals of the State", while also recognizing the authority of Fernando VII in Article III.
At the beginning of Patria Nueva, a period that began with the victory at the Battle of Chacabuco, Chile had a government with its own authorities which controlled much of the territory of Chile, had a flag, a coat-of-arms and its own currency, all of which indicated that Chile had become an independent state. Thus, there was no pressing need to make an explicit declaration of independence, as the United States of America had done in 1776, or Venezuela in 1811, or Colombia in 1813, or Argentina in 1816. 
The President of Chile, Bernardo O'Higgins, bore in mind the problems experienced by the previous era, and convinced the members of his assembly that declaring independence would be difficult and problematic at this time, as the country was still warring against the Spanish Royalists and because the establishment of internal order was indispensable towards the goal of independence. Therefore, it was decided that a plebiscite would be held instead.
Popular consultation.
On November 13, 1817, the Superior Governmental Junta, in the absence of Bernardo O'Higgins who was overseeing military operations in the southern part of Chile, issued a decree declaring that a referendum was to be set up to run for fifteen days. The referendum would be held in each of the four administrative quarters of Santiago, and would run for fifteen days, during which residents would sign their views in favor or against the Declaration of Independence. Cities and towns were advised to follow the same procedure.
The decree was sent alongside the referendum form to the authorities of the regional governments and bore the signatures of several Junta members: Luis de la Cruz, Francisco Antonio Pérez, José Manuel Astorga, and the Minister of the Interior Miguel Zañartu. On November 15, Zañartu sent a brief to the same recipients instructing them to publish the form "as soon as possible".
The result of the referendum was favorable to O'Higgins. The new order had the support of the majority of citizens who participated in the referendum, though many who did not agree did not participate because they feared their votes would bring persecution towards them. However, in Concepción, the plebiscite was not complete, and was only held in a few locations, as reported by O'Higgins on December 23, 1817 from his camp opposite Talcahuano: "[...] "habían empezado a remitir algunos partidos las suscripciones" [...] "pero las ocurrencias ulteriores en la provincia y la medida últimamente adoptada de hacer emigrar de ella a todos sus habitantes, no permiten esta operación"".
During the month of December, after checking the results, the government began preparations to make a solemn declaration of independence. This coincided with news about the upcoming arrival of a new Royalist expedition under the command of Spanish Brigadier Mariano Osorio, aimed at reconquering Chile.
Since the plebiscite had decided in favor of a declaration of independence, it was decided that a formal act would be drawn up which concisely and clearly represented the will of the Chilean people. The process would mimic that of other countries which had already declared their independence. A manifesto was also to be published which would outline the rationale and reasons for the declaration. The person in charge of this work would be Miguel Zañartu, and secondly Bernardo Vera y Pintado.
At the end of 1817, Bernardo O'Higgins was present at the siege of Talcahuano against the Spanish forces. When the uncertain military situation forced them to lift the siege, they retreated to "Morrillos de Perales" (now known as the "U" hill). This was a position which the patriots had chosen and which dominated one of the gates of Talcahuano. On January 1, 1818, a message of independence asserting that Chile was a "free and sovereign country, not a rebel province" was drafted, written on a drum according to folklore. The message was addressed to the Spanish colonel José Ordóñez, controller of the port of Talcahuano and former mayor of Concepción. This document is considered the first declaration of independence of Chile.
Pledge of independence.
The formal ceremony and pledge of independence was set for the first anniversary of the Battle of Chacabuco: February 12, 1818.
On February 9, Luis de la Cruz published the program of the ceremonies and celebration to be held in Santiago. These activities commenced on February 11 in the afternoon with the firing of cannons from Cerro Santa Lucía. At nine o'clock on February 12, all the authorities and people of the Palacio Directorial de Santiago mounted a stage in front of the Plaza de Armas in Santiago.
The ceremony was opened by José Gregorio Argomedo, prosecutor of the Chilean Court of Appeals, who gave a speech representing the government, after which the minister Miguel Zañartu read the Act of Independence
de la Cruz then requested the oath from José Ignacio Cienfuegos, administrator of the Santiago Diocese, who had earlier added the phrasing ""Y así juro porque creo en mi conciencia que ésta es la voluntad del Eterno"" ("And so I swear on my conscience that this is the will of the Eternal"). Following this, Cruz heard the oath from José de San Martín, the General in Chief of the Chilean Army. Minister Zañartu also took the oath along with several other authorities and public officials. Finally, the Mayor of Santiago, Francisco de Borja Fontecilla, swore the oath to the people.
On February 13, a Te Deum was sung at the Santiago Cathedral, and, the next day, the cathedral celebrated a Mass of thanksgiving. After this, Tomás Guido gave a speech congratulating the Chilean people on behalf of the Buenos Aires government. The public celebration of independence in Santiago lasted until February 16. The declaration itself was widely distributed to the populace. Another document, which covered the motives behind the revolution and declaration of independence, written by Bernardo Vera, was also distributed to the public to a lesser extent.
In Talca, on February 12, Bernardo O'Higgins presided over the swearing-in of the Independent Southern Army, and the subsequent ceremony with ceremonial gunfire, a Mass, Te Deum and public festivities. During these few days, the declaration of independence was made in many other cities and towns of Chile, with as many festivities as could be had. In La Serena, independence was declared on February 27 and the festivities lasted until March 1 and in Copiapó the ceremony took place between March 27 and 28.
On June 15, 1820, Valdivia was sworn into the new nation, after Thomas Cochrane led a successful attempt to capture Valdivia from the royalists. Later, on January 22, 1826, the pledge of independence would be made in San Carlos, Chiloé, after the Spanish signed the Treaty of Tantauco, which gave the Chiloé Archipelago to Chile.

</doc>
<doc id="19986011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986011" title="Fenton Area Public Schools">
Fenton Area Public Schools

Fenton Area Public School District is a public school district in Genesee County in the U.S. state of Michigan and in the Genesee Intermediate School District.

</doc>
<doc id="19986016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986016" title="Mercury in fish">
Mercury in fish

Fish and shellfish concentrate mercury in their bodies, often in the form of methylmercury, a highly toxic organic compound of mercury. Fish products have been shown to contain varying amounts of heavy metals, particularly mercury and fat-soluble pollutants from water pollution. Species of fish that are long-lived and high on the food chain, such as marlin, tuna, shark, swordfish, king mackerel, tilefish (Gulf of Mexico), and northern pike contain higher concentrations of mercury than others.
The presence of mercury in fish can be a health issue, particularly for women who are or may become pregnant, nursing mothers, and young children.
__TOC__
Biomagnification.
The consumption of fish is by far the most significant source of ingestion-related mercury exposure in humans and animals. Mercury and methylmercury is present in only very small concentrations in seawater. However, it is absorbed, usually as methylmercury, by algae at the start of the food chain. This algae is then eaten by fish and other organisms higher in the food chain. Fish efficiently absorb methylmercury, but only very slowly excrete it. Methylmercury is not soluble and therefore is not apt to be excreted. Instead, it accumulates, primarily in the viscera although also in the muscle tissue. This results in the bioaccumulation of mercury, in a buildup in the adipose tissue of successive trophic levels: zooplankton, small nekton, larger fish etc. The older such fish become, the more mercury they may have absorbed. Anything which eats these fish within the food chain also consumes the higher level of mercury the fish have accumulated. This process explains why predatory fish such as swordfish and sharks or birds like osprey and eagles have higher concentrations of mercury in their tissue than could be accounted for by direct exposure alone. Species on the food chain can amass body concentrations of mercury up to ten times higher than the species they consume. This process is called biomagnification. For example, herring contains mercury levels at about 0.01 ppm while shark contains mercury levels greater than 1 ppm.
Levels of contamination.
U.S. government scientists tested fish in 291 streams around the country for mercury contamination. They found mercury in every fish tested, according to the study by the U.S. Department of the Interior. They found mercury even in fish of isolated rural waterways. Twenty five percent of the fish tested had mercury levels above the safety levels determined by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency for people who eat the fish regularly.
Sources.
Much (an estimated 40%) of the mercury that eventually finds its way into fish originates with coal-burning power plants and chlorine production plants. The largest source of mercury contamination in the United States is coal-fueled power plant emissions. Chlorine chemical plants use mercury to extract chlorine from salt, which in many parts of the world is discharged as mercury compounds in waste water, though this process has been replaced for the most part by the more economically viable membrane cell process, which does not use mercury. Coal contains mercury as a natural contaminant. When it is fired for electricity generation, the mercury is released as smoke into the atmosphere. Most of this mercury pollution can be eliminated if pollution-control devices are installed.
Current advice.
The complexities associated with mercury transport and environmental fate are described by USEPA in their 1997 Mercury Study Report to Congress. Because methylmercury and high levels of elemental mercury can be particularly toxic to a fetus or young children, organizations such as the U.S. EPA and FDA recommend that women who are pregnant or plan to become pregnant within the next one or two years, as well as young children, avoid eating more than 6 ounces (170g, one average meal) of fish per week.
In the United States, the FDA has an action level for methylmercury in commercial marine and freshwater fish that is 1.0 parts per million (ppm). In Canada, the limit for the total of mercury content is 0.5 ppm. The Got Mercury? website includes a calculator for determining mercury levels in fish.
Species with characteristically low levels of mercury include shrimp, tilapia, salmon, pollock, and catfish (FDA March 2004). The FDA characterizes shrimp, catfish, pollock, salmon, sardines, and canned light tuna as low-mercury seafood, although recent tests have indicated that up to 6 percent of canned light tuna may contain high levels. A study published in 2008 found that mercury distribution in tuna meat is inversely related to the lipid content, suggesting that the lipid concentration within edible tuna tissues has a diluting effect on mercury content. These findings suggest that choosing to consume a type of tuna that has a higher natural fat content may help reduce the amount of mercury intake, compared to consuming tuna with a low fat content. Also, many of the fish chosen for sushi contain high levels of mercury.
According to the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA), the risk from mercury by eating fish and shellfish is not a health concern for most people. However, certain seafood might contain levels of mercury that may cause harm to an unborn baby (and especially its brain development and nervous system). In a young child, high levels of mercury can interfere with the development of the nervous system. The FDA provides three recommendations for young children, pregnant women, and women of child-bearing age:
Research suggests that selenium content in fish is protective against the toxic effects of methylmercury content. Fish with higher ratios of selenium to methylmercury (Se:Hg) are better to eat since the selenium binds to the methylmercury allowing it to pass through the body un-absorbed.
In 2012 the European Food Safety Authority (EFSA) reported on chemical contaminants they found in the food of over 20 European countries. They established that fish meat and fish products were primarily responsible for methylmercury in the diet of all age classes. Particularly implicated were swordfish, tuna, cod, pike, whiting and hake. The EFSA recommend a tolerable weekly intake for methylmercury of 1.3 μg/kg body weight.
Background.
In the 1950s, inhabitants of the seaside town of Minamata, on Kyushu island in Japan, noticed strange behavior in animals. Cats would exhibit nervous tremors, and dance and scream. Within a few years this was observed in other animals; birds would drop out of the sky. Symptoms were also observed in fish, an important component of the diet, especially for the poor. When human symptoms started to be noticed around 1956 an investigation began.
Fishing was officially banned in 1957. It was found that the Chisso Corporation, a petrochemical company and maker of plastics such as vinyl chloride, had been discharging heavy metal waste into the sea for decades. They used mercury compounds as catalysts in their syntheses. It is believed that about 5,000 people were killed and perhaps 50,000 have been to some extent poisoned by mercury.
Mercury poisoning in Minamata, Japan, is now known as Minamata disease.

</doc>
<doc id="19986031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986031" title="Genesee School District">
Genesee School District

Genesee School District is a public school district in Genesee County in the U.S. state of Michigan and in the Genesee Intermediate School District.

</doc>
<doc id="19986042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986042" title="Peppermill">
Peppermill

Peppermill or peppermills may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19986046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986046" title="Canoeing at the 2000 Summer Olympics – Men's K-1 500 metres">
Canoeing at the 2000 Summer Olympics – Men's K-1 500 metres

The men's K-1 500 metres event was an individual kayaking event conducted as part of the Canoeing at the 2000 Summer Olympics program.
Results.
Heats.
31 competitors first raced in four heats. The top six finishers from each of the heats and the three fastest finishers advanced directly to the semifinals.
Overall Results Heats
Semifinals.
The top three finishers in each of the three semifinals advanced to the final.
Gurshikhin's disqualification was not disclosed in the official report.
Overall Results Semi-Finals
Final.
The final was delayed six hours to strong winds of 50 mph (80 km/h), a race official sinking in his aluminum dinghy, start lanes for lanes seven and eight being broken prior to the start, and 30 spectators stripping to their underwear to swim to the medal podium only to be taken into custody by police and security personnel. Except for Kolganov edging pre-Olympic favorite Vereckei at the line, the race itself was generally unevental.

</doc>
<doc id="19986047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986047" title="Alain de Mijolla">
Alain de Mijolla

Alain de Mijolla (born 15 May 1933, Paris) is a French psychoanalyst and psychiatrist. Mijolla was analyzed by Conrad Stein and Denise Brauschweig; became a psychoanalyst in the Societe Psychoanalytique de Paris in 1968; and was by 2001 a training analyst there.
He also created and chaired the International Association of History of the Psychoanalysis (AIHP), and received the Mary S. Sigourney Award in 2004.
Writings.
De Mijolla has written numerous articles and works, and has also edited psychoanalytical collections at several publishers, including the three volumes of the "International Dictionary of Psychoanalysis". 
In a 1987 paper on identification in the family, he highlighted how Sigmund Freud's creativity can be linked with his identification with the prestige of his grandfather.
His article "Freud and the Psychoanalytic Situation on the Screen" stressed the difficulties of representing the psychoanalytic setting in cinematic terms.

</doc>
<doc id="19986055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986055" title="Kearsley Community Schools">
Kearsley Community Schools

Kearsley Community School District is a public school district in Genesee County in the U.S. state of Michigan and in the Genesee Intermediate School District.
History.
Located east of Flint, Michigan, the Kearsley School District is home to nearly 3200 K - 12 students. Schools operated by the Kearsley Board of Education include:
Alumni.
Mark Farner of Grand Funk Railroad
Willie Todd running back for Central Michigan University

</doc>
<doc id="19986066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986066" title="Nicolò Venier">
Nicolò Venier

Nicolò Venier (ca. 1483 – 1530) was a Lord of Paros.
Ancestry.
Nicolò Venier was a son of Zuan Francesco Venier, Co-Lord of Cerigo and his wife Fiorenza Sommaripa, Lady of Paros. He was the brother of Sebastiano Venier, Doge of Venice.
Marriage and issue.
In 1507 Venier married a woman named Zantano, by whom he had a son named Andrea Venier, who died during his father's life.

</doc>
<doc id="19986071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986071" title="Day by Day (Femi Kuti album)">
Day by Day (Femi Kuti album)

Day by Day is an album by Nigerian musician Femi Kuti released in mid-October 2008.
Track listing.
All tracks by Femi Kuti

</doc>
<doc id="19986090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986090" title="Staged reforming">
Staged reforming

Staged reforming is a thermochemical process to convert organic material or bio waste such as wood, dung or hay into combustible gases containing methane, carbon monoxide and hydrogen. The single-stage reforming of bio materials results in high dust and tar yields in the produced gas restricting its use, hence the use of staged reforming. After reforming the output is approximately 80% fuel gas and 20% cokes.
In staged reforming technology, gas conversion is a separate stage after pyrolysis.
First stage.
Organic material is decomposed into gas and coal at approximately 600°C.
Second stage.
Gas produced by the first stage is reformed with water vapor and heat energy from the cokes into a dust and residue-free fuel gas. 
Second stage process steps:

</doc>
<doc id="19986091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986091" title="Charles-Louis-Étienne Nuitter">
Charles-Louis-Étienne Nuitter

Charles-Louis-Étienne Nuitter was a French librettist, translator, writer and librarian born in Paris, France on 24 April 1828. He died there on 23 February 1899 after suffering a stroke a few days before.
Librettist and translator.
Nuitter studied law and practised in Paris from 1849. He was a keen theatre-goer, and in the 1850s he started writing librettos, mainly vaudevilles, later opéras comique, operas bouffes, operettas and ballets. It is estimated that he wrote or co-authored around 500 theatrical pieces, including libretti for several works by Offenbach, the scenario for Léo Delibes's ballet "Coppélia" (Nuitter had wanted the piece to be called "La poupée de Nurnberg") and pieces by Hervé, Guiraud, Lalo, Lecocq and others, of which 100 or so were staged.
He helped translate Wagner's operas into French ("Tannhäuser", 1861, "Rienzi", 1869, "Lohengrin" 1870 and "The Flying Dutchman", 1872). Other translations include "I Capuleti e i Montecchi", "Oberon", "Abu Hassan", "Die Zauberflöte", and Verdi's "Macbeth", "Aida", "La forza del destino" and "Simon Boccanegra". Wagner and Verdi esteemed highly the quality of his translations, and he assisted Verdi over the revision of "Don Carlos" in 1882–83. From a different era, Nuitter's translation of "La Prière du matin et du soir" by Emilio de' Cavalieri (1600) was performed regularly at the Concerts du Conservatoire during the 1870s–80s and beyond.
Archivist.
Becoming involved in the archives of the Paris Opera in 1863, he became official archivist there three years later, and ended his career in law (he had given legal advice to Offenbach in a dispute with the manager of the Bouffes-Parisiens prior to the 1864 premiere of "La belle Hélène").
His archival work was extremely important in cataloguing the existing library, rescuing documents from destruction, and acquiring autograph documents and journals (sometimes at his own expense) for the collection. Acquisitions by Nuitter included an important collection of theatre books by Joseph de Filippi and around 900 opera librettos from a former director of the théâtre, Nestor Roqueplan. 
His influence on the expansion of the archive was impressive. In 1861, there were 350 volumes; by the end of 1862 there were 1,076, and in 1882 7,807. He ensured that their importance was taken into account when the Palais Garnier opened in 1875.

</doc>
<doc id="19986093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986093" title="Lake Fenton Community Schools">
Lake Fenton Community Schools

Lake Fenton Community School District is a public school district in Genesee County in the U.S. state of Michigan and in the Genesee Intermediate School District. 
References.
http://lake-fenton.ms.schoolfusion.us/

</doc>
<doc id="19986094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986094" title="Clemente de Faria, Jr.">
Clemente de Faria, Jr.

Clemente de Faria, Jr. (born August 17, 1987 in Belo Horizonte) is a Brazilian racing driver. He won the 2007 Formula Three Sudamericana championship with the Cesário Formula team, and was part of A1 Team Brazil as a rookie driver, during the 2007-08 A1 Grand Prix season. He would make appearances in the rookie sessions, at Taupo Motorsport Park in New Zealand and at Eastern Creek Raceway in Australia. He moved up to the British Formula Three Championship during the 2008 season, driving at Silverstone for Räikkönen Robertson Racing and at Donington Park with his Sudamericana-winning Cesário Formula team.
From 2010 onwards Clemente went back to Brazil and joined Pater Racing for Trofeo Linea Brasil.

</doc>
<doc id="19986100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986100" title="Akadema (company)">
Akadema (company)

Akadema is a privately owned sporting goods manufacturing company located in Hawthorne, New Jersey . The company was founded by brothers, Joseph and Lawrence Gilligan of Ringwood, New Jersey
Lawrence was a former Minor League player for the St. Louis Cardinals. The company specializes in manufacturing baseball gloves.
History.
The first series of gloves were released in 1998 under the name "Academy." In 2000 the company experienced rapid growth when it changed its name to Akadema, moved into the old Yoo-hoo factory in Garfield, NJ, and released the patented Reptilian Glove. Akadema signed Ozzie Smith as the company spokesman and then Anthony Telford and Clay Bellinger became the first Major League Players endorsing Akadema. Kris Totten (a former Minor League player for the Seattle Mariners joined the firm to head up sales. 
The company would follow up the Reptilian with the Claw, The Funnel and Spiral Lock, Tacktion Grip, The Hot Hands and the UFO Mitt to continue the companies first decade in creative sports design. The most popular of the patented glove however has been the Praying Mantis Mitt which was created with input from Gary Carter.
The company crossed over into popular culture when their products appeared in Adam Sandler films such as "Click", "Benchwarmers" and the Billy Bob Thornton remake of "Bad News Bears". Akadema also has been a sponsor of Spike TV programs "Pros vs Joes" and "DEA" second season.
Sponsorship.
Akadema's most important and visible endorsement deals have been the signing of Manny Ramirez from 2004-2011 and a five-year deal with future star Bryce Harper. Shane Victorino has won three Gold Glove Award trophies since signing on with Akadema. Akadema's other current endorsements are with: Bobby Jenks, Brandon Moss, Jose Veras, Tim Redding, Mark Melancon, Vin Mazzaro, Ross Ohlendorf, Vicente Padilla, Brandon McCarthy, Darnell McDonald, Derek Holland, Willie Eyre, Cameron Maybin, and Craig Breslow. Akadema also became strong within the women's fast pitch market. They have sponsored Crystl Bustos 2000-2010 and Monica Abbott of Team USA 2008-2010 and are an official supplier to USA softball Olympic team and the National Pro Fast Pitch League. 
As the pro ranks grew, the Akadema brand spread quickly and became very popular among Minor League and college level players. Schools such as Brigham Young University and Texas Tech University are sponsored by Akadema for baseball and softball gloves. 
In addition to modern gloves, Akadema introduced the Hoboken Collection, a vintage line of equipment that had been used by Babe Ruth, Lou Gehrig, Bob Feller, Dazzy Vance, Mickey Cochrane and Yogi Berra. Akadema quickly gained rights to 
Ken-Wel and Reach companies trademarks.
Manufacturing.
Akadema started manufacturing through suppliers overseas but unlike most manufacturers of the day, Akadema has brought some manufacturing in house to the USA. Akadema started its own wood baseball bat shop and can customize a bat. Two years later the company opened its own embroidery shop. This year the company started its own baseball glove shop making it one of the few companies that still makes wood bats, metal bats and gloves in the USA. In 2008 the company purchased an industrial building and consolidated its operations under one roof in Hawthorne, NJ. According to "Inc. magazine", 2007 sales were 4.8 million Current sales are said to be around seven million.

</doc>
<doc id="19986104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986104" title="Laurel Williams Academy">
Laurel Williams Academy

Laurel Williams Academy is a co-educational private school grades 9-12 located in Miami, Florida. It was founded in 1932 by Antonio Fernandez and named after Laurel Williams, a famous artist of the 19th century.
History.
In 1932, philosopher and scientist Antonio Fernandez opened what was known as "Knox Academy" after his hometown of Knoxville, Tennessee. He soon befriended with 19th-century artist Laurel Williams, who later died of a severe illness. He quickly renamed the school Laurel Williams, after his late friend.
Laurel Williams Academy was first an academy for the Arts, but in 1987, was changed to a school for 'academically gifted children'.

</doc>
<doc id="19986120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986120" title="You Are My Sunshine (Elizabeth Mitchell album)">
You Are My Sunshine (Elizabeth Mitchell album)

You Are My Sunshine is an album by Elizabeth Mitchell released in 2002. The album is a collection of children's music played in various styles, including folk, gospel, reggae and rock. It features covers of a variety of songs by other artists, among them "Hey Bo Diddley" by Bo Diddley, "Car Car" by Woody Guthrie, Cat Stevens' "Here Comes My Baby" and "Goodnight Irene" by Lead Belly.

</doc>
<doc id="19986130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986130" title="Trichophaga tapetzella">
Trichophaga tapetzella

The Tapestry Moth or Carpet Moth (Trichophaga tapetzella) is a moth of the Tineidae family. It is found worldwide.
The wingspan is 14–18 mm. The moth flies from June to September depending on the location.
The larvae feed on animal skin, bird nests, pellets, fur, clothing and floor and furniture covering made of animal skin.
Tapestry moths complete their cycles within a year and are more like webbing clothes moths in that they spin webbing in areas where they like to reside. Their speed of development depends entirely upon local temperature, humidity and food supplies.

</doc>
<doc id="19986138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986138" title="Hubert Wołąkiewicz">
Hubert Wołąkiewicz

Hubert Wołąkiewicz (born October 21, 1985 in Skarżysko-Kamienna) is a Polish football defender who plays for Lech Poznań.
Career.
Club.
He signed contract with Lech Poznań.
International.
He made his full international debut on October 12, 2010 in a 2-2 draw against Ecuador.

</doc>
<doc id="19986155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986155" title="25th Flying Training Squadron">
25th Flying Training Squadron

The 25th Flying Training Squadron (25 FTS) is part of the 71st Flying Training Wing based at Vance Air Force Base, Oklahoma. It operates T-38 Talon aircraft conducting flight training.
Overview.
The squadron has provided Undergraduate Pilot Training (UPT) for active duty, Air National Guard, Air Force Reserve, and selected foreign allies since 1 November 1972.
History.
The 25th flew combat reconnaissance missions in the Southwest and Western Pacific from, 5 February 1944 – 14 August 1945. It was active but not operationally manned or equipped from, November 1945 – February 1946. The squadron also conducted photographic reconnaissance in western United States between 1955 and 1957. 

</doc>
<doc id="19986160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986160" title="Jovan Damjanović">
Jovan Damjanović

Jovan Damjanović (; born 4 October 1982) is a Serbian footballer who plays for Hunan Billows in the China League One.
He was signed by SV Ried in summer 2006.
He transferred to China League One side Hunan Billows in February 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="19986161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986161" title="Triaxomera parasitella">
Triaxomera parasitella

Triaxomera parasitella is a species of tineoid moth. It belongs to the fungus moth family (Tineidae), and therein to the subfamily Nemapogoninae. It is widespread and common in much of western Eurasia, but seems to be absent from some more outlying regions, such as Portugal and the eastern Baltic, Ireland and Iceland. It has also not been recorded from Slovenia but given that it is found in neighboring countries, it may well occur there unnoticed. Generally, it is a moth of warm temperate regions, e.g. in Great Britain it is only a rare and scarce species from the English Midlands northwards.
The adults have a wingspan of 16–21 mm. They are generally nocturnal and can be attracted by light at night. They are on the wing in late spring to early summer, about May to July or starting somewhat earlier, depending on location. Their forewings are predominantly blackish, with irregular white mottling and speckling which results in a "rough black zig-zag stripe" running along the length of the wings. The forewing border is a hairy fringe colored with alternating black and white. The hindwings are uniformly pale dull grey and have a longer hairy fringe whisch is colored like the wings proper. The head has a tuft of orange-brown hairs. The caterpillars feed on bracket fungi, in particular "Trametes" and Shiitake ("Lentinula edodes"), and also on the dead wood these fungi grow on.
Synonyms.
Junior synonyms of "T. parasitella" are:

</doc>
<doc id="19986181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986181" title="LakeVille Community Schools">
LakeVille Community Schools

LakeVille Community Schools is a public school district in northeastern Genesee County in the U.S. state of Michigan and is part of the Genesee Intermediate School District. 
Service Area.
LakeVille Community Schools serves the northeastern corner of Genesee County, as well as the northwestern corner of Lapeer County.
Villages.
Columbiaville

</doc>
<doc id="19986196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986196" title="Redemption song">
Redemption song

Redemption song may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19986197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986197" title="Tinea semifulvella">
Tinea semifulvella

Tinea semifulvella is a species of tineoid moth. It belongs to the fungus moth family (Tineidae), and therein to the nominate subfamily Tineinae. It is widespread and common in much of western Eurasia, but seems to be absent from Portugal and the Balkans as well as the outlying islands (e.g. Iceland). The nocturnal adults are on the wing around May to September, depending on the location, and are easily attracted to light sources.
This smallish moth has a wingspan of 14–22 mm when adult. They are more colorful than usual for the genus "Tinea", though their colors usually fade considerably in dead specimens. The forewings are grey with a brownish tinge at the base, and rusty-red in the outer part. They have a black dot on the edge bordering the hindwings. The latter are a paler and purer grey. The body is dusky grey, but the head has a tuft of brick-red hair. The caterpillars feed on natural fibers, predominantly of animal origin, such as feathers, furs and wool; they have been found in bird nests and were recorded to eat rags and old clothes. But they are not notably synanthropic and generally eat only food that is outdoors; unlike the closely related Case-bearing Clothes Moth ("T. pellionella") the present species is rarely if at all recorded as a pest.

</doc>
<doc id="19986209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986209" title="HM Prison Hindley">
HM Prison Hindley

HM Prison Hindley is a male juvenile's prison
, located in the village of Bickershaw (near Wigan) in Greater Manchester, England. Hindley is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service.
History.
Hindley Prison opened in 1961 as a Borstal. In 1983 it was re-classified as a Youth Custody Centre. Hindley was then re-classified as an adult prison and in 1997 it became a joint prison and Young Offenders Institution. 
In 2002, Her Majesty's Chief Inspector of Prisons recorded many good initiatives taking place at Hindley, particularly in suicide prevention, drugs strategy, sentence planning and joint work with the police service to monitor and act on racial incidents. However the Inspector criticised inadequate reception procedures, insufficient purposeful activity and patchy help with resettlement at the prison.
In December 2004 a security alert was sparked when two inmates staged a roof-top protest at Hindley Prison.
More than 100 extra staff were drafted in to deal with a riot at the prison on 5 October 2005. It took more than seven weeks to fully restore the prison wing after the riot which caused more than £145,000 damage.
The prison today.
Hindley Prison holds convicted and remand juvenile males (aged 15–18)
. Accommodation at the prison is made up of seven secure units, on the Young People site there are two units, all with single occupancy accommodation. 
Hindley is a combined establishment with a regime that offers opportunities for inmates to gain qualifications, address offending behaviour, and reintegrate into society on their release. Regime provision includes learning and skills, as well as workshop places (which include construction skills) and physical education. 
Hindley also operates a listener and peer support scheme for those who may be at risk of suicide or self-harm. The prison's medical provision includes an in-patient healthcare facility and a mental health day care centre.

</doc>
<doc id="19986221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986221" title="Astragalus bernardinus">
Astragalus bernardinus

Astragalus bernardinus, known by the common name San Bernardino milkvetch, is a species of milkvetch. It is a plant of desert and dry mountain slope habitat.
Distribution.
The plant is native to the San Bernardino Mountains of Southern California. It is also found in the Mojave Desert sky islands, in the Ivanpah Mountains and nearby New York Mountains which straddle the California—Nevada state line. 
Description.
"Astragalus bernardinus" is a slender, wiry perennial herb growing in twisted clumps, sometimes clinging to other plants for support. The stems are 10 to 50 centimeters long and mostly naked, coated partly in stiff hairs. The leaves are up to 14 centimeters long and are made up of widely spaced pairs of lance-shaped leaflets. The inflorescence is a loose cluster of up to 25 light purple pealike flowers. The fruit is a pale-colored legume pod up to 3 centimeters long which dries to a papery texture.

</doc>
<doc id="19986240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986240" title="Mohd Farizal Rozali">
Mohd Farizal Rozali

Mohd Farizal Rozali (born September 10, 1983 in Selama, Perak), often known as Jai among teammates and fans, is a Malaysian football player who currently plays for Malaysian team Perlis FA.
Career.
Farizal previously played for northern teams Perlis FA, Kedah FA and Penang FA.
On October 16, 2008, he signed a two-year contract that confirmed his transfer from Penang to Kedah. When Kedah publically announced Farizal's transfer, Farizal was handed the number 10 shirt; Kedah heavyweight Nelson San Martín had previously worn that number. Farizal spoke of his excitement at having joined Kedah and his eagerness to prove himself worthy as an exchange of Marlon Alex James.
In 2012 he joined PBAPP FC, a team which played in the third-tier 2012 Malaysia FAM League. In 2013 he changed clubs again, this time to Malaysia Premier League side SPA FC.
Style of play.
Farizal plays forward and on the flank side. Farizal has a preference for playing on the right wing, as this gives him opportunities to cut inside and take shots with his right foot, which he favors.

</doc>
<doc id="19986253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986253" title="Maja e Elbunit">
Maja e Elbunit

Maja e Elbunit is a mountain in Albania, located in the Prokletije. It reaches a height of 2,231m high and is in the Shalë area near the centre of the range.

</doc>
<doc id="19986280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986280" title="Tinea pellionella">
Tinea pellionella

The case-bearing clothes moth (Tinea pellionella) is a species of tineoid moth in the family Tineidae, the fungus moths. It is the type species of the genus "Tinea", which in turn is the type genus of the subfamily, family, as well as the superfamily Tineoidea. Its scientific name is derived from "tinea", a generic term for micromoths, and the Latin term for a furrier, "pellionellus".
This species has a cosmopolitan distribution, occurring nearly worldwide. It is synanthropic; the adult is typically encountered during summer and early autumn, but populations that live in human dwellings may be seen at other times of the year.
"Tinea pellionella" is silvery grey to shiny light brown in color, with dark grayish hairs on the top of its head.
Control measures for the case-bearing clothes moth are similar to those for the common clothes moth ("Tineola bisselliella"), and include physical, chemical, and biological measures.
Being a widespread species and often affiliated with humans, "T. pellionella" was among the first moths to be scientifically described in the modern sense. At that time most moths were included in a single genus ""Phalaena"", but "Tinea" was already recognized as a distinct subgenus. Some later researchers who studied this moth erroneously believed they had discovered populations formerly unknown to science and described them as new species, but today these are all included within "T. pellionella". Obsolete scientific names for this moth thus may be encountered in the literature, and include:

</doc>
<doc id="19986281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986281" title="Linden Community Schools">
Linden Community Schools

Linden Community School District is a public school district in Genesee County in the U.S. state of Michigan and in the Genesee Intermediate School District.
Athletics.
In 2008, the Linden Eagles Cross Country team won the MHSAA DIV II Cross Country meet, becoming the first sports team to win a state championship in the school's history. 

</doc>
<doc id="19986282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986282" title="Slavka Maneva">
Slavka Maneva

Slavka Maneva (; February 2, 1934 – January 8, 2010) was a Macedonian writer and poet. She was born and died in Skopje, Republic of Macedonia. She finished her literature studies at the Faculty of Philosophy at the University of Skopje, and has worked as a professor of Macedonian language and literature, now publishing children's books. Her works have been translated into Serbian, Turkish, Albanian, Russian, Bulgarian, Polish, Armenian, Georgian and Lithuanian. She won the Vančo Nikoleski Award in 1996 for her book "Pillows of Stars" (Ѕвездени перничиња).

</doc>
<doc id="19986297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986297" title="Israel Amateur Radio Club">
Israel Amateur Radio Club

The Israel Amateur Radio Club (IARC) (in Hebrew, אגודת חובבי הרדיו בישראל) is a national non-profit organization for amateur radio enthusiasts in Israel. The organization uses IARC as its official international abbreviation, based on the English translation of the Hebrew name. IARC promotes amateur radio by sponsoring amateur radio operating awards and radio contests. The IARC operates a QSL bureau for those members who regularly communicate with amateur radio operators in other countries. The IARC represents the interests of Israeli amateur radio operators and shortwave listeners before Israeli and international telecommunications regulatory authorities. IARC is the national member society representing Israel in the International Amateur Radio Union.

</doc>
<doc id="19986300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986300" title="Witold Maliszewski">
Witold Maliszewski

Witold Maliszewski (, ; 20 July 1873 Mohyliv-Podilskyi, Russian Empire, now Ukraine - 18 July 1939, Zalesie, Poland), was a Polish composer, first Rector and founder of Odessa Conservatory and professor at Warsaw Conservatory.
Biography.
Witold Maliszewski was born on 20 July 1873 in the city of Mohyliv-Podilskyi, Russian Empire, now Ukraine. Maliszewski graduated from Saint Petersburg Conservatory, in the class of Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov. He was a member of the composer group known as M. Belyayev's Circle. Maliszewski was a founder and the first Rector of Odessa Conservatory (1913), which gave the world a number of outstanding musicians, such as David Oistrakh, Emil Gilels and Yakov Zak.
After the Russian revolution, because of the imminent threat of Bolshevik persecution Maliszewski immigrated to Poland in 1921. In 1925-1927 he was teaching at the Chopin Music School and was the Director of the Warsaw Music Society. In 1927 he was the Chairman of the First International Frederic Chopin Piano Competition. From 1931 to 1934 Maliszewski was the Director of the Music Department at the Polish Ministry of Education. From 1931 to 1939 he was a Professor at the Warsaw Conservatory.
In the Soviet Union Maliszewski's name was prohibited and in 1950 his conservatory in Odessa was named after Antonina Nezhdanova, who had no links with the institution.
Students: Witold Lutosławski, Mykola Vilinsky, Boleslaw Woytowicz, Feliks Roderyk Łabuński, Feliks Rybicki.

</doc>
<doc id="19986301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986301" title="Matsudaira Norikata">
Matsudaira Norikata

Count was the 8th and final "daimyō" of Okutono in Mikawa Province, and 1st (and final) "daimyō" of Tanoguchi Domain in Shinano Province. He served in the Tokugawa Shogunate in the positions of "Rōjū" and "Wakadoshiyori", and became a leader in the Meiji government following the Meiji restoration as a politician. He was one of the founders of the Japanese Red Cross. He is also known as .
Biography.
Matsudaira was born in Okudono as the eldest son and heir to Matsudaira Noritoshi. His father retired in March 1852. The following year, with the arrival of American Commodore Matthew C. Perry and his fleet, the Shogunate increased military preparations against possible foreign invasion. Matsudaira was appointed Second Assistant Director to the Shogunal military, a largely ceremonial position, but one which enabled him to train the peasants of his domain into a rudimentary military force along western lines. In 1860, he was appointed master of ceremonies for the annual pilgrimage to the grave of Tokugawa Ieyasu in Nikkō. In 1863, he became "obangashira", and rose to the ranks of the "wakadoshiyori" later that year. Towards the end of the year, he shifted the seat of his domain from Okudono to Tanoguchi. (Okudono domain was unusual in that it consisted of several small territories that were widely separated geographically). As Matsudaira was a proponent of western-style modernization of the military, he had his new castle built in the style of a western-style five-pointed star fort; this became Tatsuoka Castle. The domain was also called "Tatsuoka-han", after the location of the castle. Along with the Goryokaku in Hakodate, Hokkaido, it is one of only two star forts in Japan.
Matsudaira disagreed with Matsudaira Yoshinaga with regards to the question of ending the "sakoku" national isolation policy and was expelled from the ranks of the "wakadoshiyori", but was recalled for his military expertise the following year, and reinstated. He further rose to the ranks of the "rōju" in June 1866, which enabled him to participate in negotiations between the Tokugawa Shogunate and the Imperial Court later that year. He also encouraged the Shogunate to hire French military advisors to help modernize its forces, and to expand on his concept of a peasant conscript army to supplement the traditional forces of the "samurai" warriors, along with taking steps to increase industrialization to increase Japan’s economic strength. However, before any of the steps to could take effect, the Boshin War of the Meiji Restoration began. Despite his nominal rank as a general of the Tokugawa armies, Matsudaira refused to take up arms against the Imperial armies and retired to his domain in Shinano to await the outcome. Arrested as a central figure in the Tokugawa government by Satchō Alliance leaders, Matsudaira was given a chance to prove his loyalty by leading a military force against the Ōuetsu Reppan Dōmei in northern Japan. After having accomplished this task, he was allowed to retain his position as "daimyō" of Tanoguchi.
Matsudaira changed his name officially in July 1869, dropping the Matsudaira name due to its associations with the Tokugawa clan and reverting to his family’s former name of Ogyu. In 1871, with the abolition of the han system, Ogyu was confirmed as appointed governor of Tanoguchi, until it was merged into the new Nagano Prefecture. In 1873, he entered the Meiji government, and was assigned the task of researching the medals and decorations issued by foreign governments, and developing an award system which would be suitable for Japan. In 1884, under the new "kazoku" peerage system, he was elevated to the rank of viscount ("shishaku"). The title was further raised to that of count ("hakushaku") in 1907. He was also active with Sano Tsunetani in the founding of the "Hakuaisha", the predecessor of the Japanese Red Cross. In 1909, he was asked to become a member of the Privy Council. Ogyu died the following year, and was awarded the Order of the Rising Sun with Paulownia clusters posthumously.

</doc>
<doc id="19986303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986303" title="Maja e Madhe">
Maja e Madhe

Maje e Madhe is a mountain in the Albanian part of the Prokletije. It reaches a height of 2,011m above sea level. The Albanian name "Maja e Madhe" means 'Big Peak', although for Albanian standards it is quite small.

</doc>
<doc id="19986310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986310" title="Danny Webb (motorcycle racer)">
Danny Webb (motorcycle racer)

Danny Webb (born 22 March 1991 in Tunbridge Wells, Kent) is a British motorcycle racer. He currently races in the Supersport World Championship for PTR Honda. Webb has competed in the class for the four seasons, starting out in 2007 where he failed to score points in all but one of the races. In 2008 the season started off really well for Webb, claiming a career best fifth position in the third race of the season, however he could not keep this up and fell away towards the end of the season. 2009 was hampered by too many retirements and thus did not improve on his performances from the previous year. In 2010 Webb has been at his most consistent regularly breaking into the top 10 of the championship close to the end of the season. Webb joined Mahindra for 2011 and ended the season in 19th overall. The highlight of the season was a pole position in the final 125cc race, the first pole for Mahindra. He stayed with Mahindra for 2012 but the season was a disaster due to an under powered motorcycle and failed to score any points. He started 2013 riding in the Moto3 World Championship riding for Ambrogio Racing aboard a Suter Honda but was released by the team mid season due to unsatisfactory results. He then signed for PTR Honda to contest the remaining four rounds of the Supersport World Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19986321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986321" title="Niditinea fuscella">
Niditinea fuscella

The Brown-dotted Clothes Moth (Niditinea fuscella) is a species of tineoid moth. It belongs to the fungus moth family (Tineidae), and therein to the nominate subfamily Tineinae. It is (under its junior synonym "Tinea fuscipunctella") the type species of its genus "Niditinea".
It is widespread and common in much of western Eurasia (except for outlying islands, e.g. Iceland, and cold regions such as the far north of Scotland), but has also been introduced elsewhere (e.g. Australia). The adult moths are on the wing around May to September, depending on the location; they are not fond of bright daylight and will only come out in the late afternoon.
Adults of this small moth have a wingspan of 14 mm. They are of a rather dull coloration, with brown-grey forewings that bear three large blackish-brown dots each. The hindwings are a silvery white; they are surrounded by a long-haired fringe, as usual for fungus moths and relatives. The body is dull brown, and the head bears a tuft of reddish-brown hair.
The caterpillars feed on dry animal and plant remains. Despite the species' common name, they are rarely recorded as a pest of clothing. Though they will eat discarded wool and similar fabrics, they are more commonly found in bird nests – particularly of Chicken ("Gallus gallus domesticus"), Domestic Pigeon ("Columba livia domestica"), swallows (Hirundinidae) and woodpeckers (Picidae) –, where they feed on shed feathers and feces. Less usual foodstuffs of this species are dry peas and dried fruit, bran, dry rose flowers, the dead beetles in Mealworm ("Tenebrio molitor") cultures and even pigskin bookbindings.
Synonyms.
Invalid scientific names (junior synonyms and others) of the Brown-dotted Clothes Moth are:
"N. spretella" is sometimes still considered a distinct species, but most recent authors include it here.

</doc>
<doc id="19986341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986341" title="Autopista de Circunvalación M-40">
Autopista de Circunvalación M-40

The M-40, in Spanish transport, is a Madrid orbital motorway, similar to the M25 motorway in London, or the Boulevard Périphérique in Paris. It is the second-outermost of the Madrid orbital highways, the M-30 being the closest to the centre of Madrid. 
Overview.
It has a total length of , looping around Madrid and its suburb Pozuelo de Alarcón at a mean distance of to the Puerta del Sol. The actual distance is much closer in the southern and eastern spans, which have been engulfed by the city in some points; than in the west, where the Casa de Campo and the projection towards Pozuelo brings it further from Madrid itself.
Furthermore, it is the only one of the several ring roads serving Madrid that runs as a full-fledged motorway for all its length: a span about long at the northern arc of the inner M-30 are not freeway-grade, having level crossings and traffic lights; while the outermost M-50 is not a full ring road due to the interruption caused by the Mount of El Pardo protected natural zone. With the "normal" M-40 traffic already being one of the heaviest in Spain, this provides for mighty jams in its northern span during peak hours. The Madrid regional government, which built the M-45 motorway external to the M-40 specifically to decongest the southern and eastern spans of the older beltway, has recently aired plans to address the northern jams by effectively "closing" the M-50 ring with a tunnel under the protected area.
Somewhat counterintuitively to foreigners and natives alike, the "M" in the road name does "not" indicate a hypothetical ownership of the road by the autonomous regional government of Madrid. Instead, both the M-40 and the M-50 are state-owned freeways, as shown by the white text on blue background of their signals, whereas Madrid regional motorways like the M-45 use black text on an orange background that identify them as pertaining to the "regional first order roads" category of the Spanish Traffic Code. The M-30, on the other hand, is managed by the Madrid City Council as an urban freeway.

</doc>
<doc id="19986345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986345" title="Maja e Veleçikut">
Maja e Veleçikut

Maja e Veleçikut is a peak in Albania, part of the Prokletije. It is 1,725m high and is found in the western part of the range, near Lake Scutari and the border with Montenegro.

</doc>
<doc id="19986348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986348" title="Volatility, uncertainty, complexity and ambiguity">
Volatility, uncertainty, complexity and ambiguity

VUCA is an acronym used to describe or reflect on the volatility, uncertainty, complexity and ambiguity of general conditions and situations. The common usage of the term VUCA began in the late 1990s and derives from military vocabulary and has been subsequently used in emerging ideas in strategic leadership that apply in a wide range of organizations, including everything from for-profit corporations to education.
Meaning.
The deeper meaning of each element of VUCA serves to enhance the strategic significance of VUCA foresight and insight as well as the behavior of groups and individuals in organizations.
These elements present the context in which organizations view their current and future state. They present boundaries for planning and policy management. They come together in ways that either confound decisions or sharpen the capacity to look ahead, plan ahead and move ahead. VUCA sets the stage for managing and leading.
The particular meaning and relevance of VUCA often relates to how people view the conditions under which they make decisions, plan forward, manage risks, foster change and solve problems. In general, the premises of VUCA tend to shape an organization's capacity to:
For most contemporary organizations – business, the military, education, government and others – VUCA is a practical code for awareness and readiness. Beyond the simple acronym is a body of knowledge that deals with learning models for VUCA preparedness, anticipation, evolution and intervention.
Themes.
The capacity of individuals and organizations to deal with VUCA can be measured with a number of engagement themes:
At some level, the capacity for VUCA management and leadership hinges on enterprise value systems, assumptions and natural goals. A "prepared and resolved" enterprise is engaged with a strategic agenda that is aware of and empowered by VUCA forces.
The capacity for VUCA leadership in strategic and operating terms depends on a well-developed mindset for gauging the technical, social, political, market and economic realities of the environment in which people work. Working with deeper smarts about the elements of VUCA may be a driver for survival and sustainability in an otherwise complicated world.
Psychometrics which measure fluid intelligence by tracking information processing when faced with unfamiliar, dynamic and vague data can predict cognitive performance in VUCA environments.

</doc>
<doc id="19986350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986350" title="Supernova (Exodus album)">
Supernova (Exodus album)

Supernova is the second album of Polish band Exodus. Recorded in the end of 1981 and released in 1982, it is the last studio recording released before band's break up. It was re-released on Compact Disc by Metal Mind Productions in 2006.
Track listing.
LP release (Polskie Nagrania Muza, 1982).
Side A
Side B

</doc>
<doc id="19986355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986355" title="Zuan Francesco Venier">
Zuan Francesco Venier

Zuan Francesco Venier (died 1518) was a co-lord of Cerigo.
Ancestry.
He was a son of Moisé Venier (c. 1412 – c. 1476) and wife (married 1437) Caterina Vitturi, paternal grandson of Biagio Venier (died 1449) and wife (married 1406) Lucia Contarini, great-grandson of Antonio Venier.
Marriage and issue.
He married in 1479 Fiorenza Sommaripa, Lady of Paros (died 1518), and had Nicolò Venier, Lord of Paros and Moisè Venier, who married Elena Donà and had Sebastiano Venier, Doge of Venice.

</doc>
<doc id="19986364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986364" title="Eastwood Park Historic District">
Eastwood Park Historic District

The Eastwood Park Historic District is located in Minot, North Dakota, USA.
This 12 block area, in an oxbow of the Mouse River, was subdivided and platted into the city of Minot by K. E. and Belle Leighton in August 1906. The neighborhood’s proximity to the downtown business district made it appealing to Minot’s prominent families
The area reflects a variety of early 20th century architectural styles including: Princess Ann, Craftsman, Tudor Revival, Mission Revival, Dutch Colonial, Greek Revival, Arts and Crafts, Georgian Colonial and Sears Catalog Homes. 
Catalog homes were mail-order kits from Sears Roebuck and Company and other companies. “Kit” homes were delivered by rail and pieced together by the owner. The reason for the popularity of kit homes was threefold. The homes were fairly easy to finance, the kits supplied all or nearly all of the supplies needed to build the home and they mimicked nearly every popular style. One significant advantage of the catalog homes was the ease with which they could be added onto. If the house was built between 1900 and 1940 and bears a resemblance to a particular style, but has differences, it still may be a catalog home.
Many houses are virtually unchanged while others have been modified over the past 100 years. In spite of the passing of time, the neighborhood and tree-covered homes of Eastwood Park have retained their early-20th Century character.
In 1969 the area suffered major damage from the flood waters of the Mouse River.
Eastwood Park has also been the home to the Jewish Synagogue and the Greek Orthodox Church, which is still located here.
The only remaining “False Arch” bridge in North Dakota still provides pedestrian access from downtown Minot.
Eastwood Park is in the National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="19986370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986370" title="Mohd Azrul Ahmad">
Mohd Azrul Ahmad

Mohd Azrul Ahmad (born March 3, 1985) is a Malaysian professional football player who plays as a striker for ATM FA in Malaysia Super League. 
Club Career.
Azrul Ahmad made his debut with Penang FA in 2005.
A transfer from Penang FA to Kedah FA was confirmed on October 16, 2008 when he and his teammate Mohd Farizal Rozali signed a two-year contract.
For the season of 2009, he signed with Perlis FA.
He signed with FELDA United F.C. in 2011. 
After two seasons with FELDA United F.C., He joined ATM FA for 2014 season.
International Career.
Azrul earned his first international call-up while at Penang where he was a part of Malaysia squad for the 2008 Olympic Games qualification round. He played five out of six matches during the qualification with three of them as substitutions.

</doc>
<doc id="19986424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986424" title="Jacek Krzyżaniak">
Jacek Krzyżaniak

Jacek Krzyżaniak (born October 26, 1968 in Toruń, Poland) is a Polish international motorcycle speedway rider; former member of Poland national team who won silver medals at 1997 Speedway World Team Cup and 2001 Speedway World Cup. He won Individual Polish Champion title in 1997 and Team Polish Champion title in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="19986425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986425" title="Sally Morgan (psychic)">
Sally Morgan (psychic)

Sally Morgan (also known by her stage name Psychic Sally) is a British television and stage artist and author who claims to have psychic abilities.
Career.
Morgan describes having a psychic experience at the age of nine months, and claims to have seen her first ghost aged 4. As an adult, she turned what she saw as a psychic talent into a career as a professional medium.
Morgan has appeared on the ITV2 programme "Sally Morgan: Star Psychic", Sky Bio channel programme "The Psychic Life of Sally Morgan", as well as the Sky Living programme "Psychic Sally: On the Road", of which (as of 2011) there have been three series. The series have also been released on DVD, along with "Psychic Sally's Big Fat Operation", which was also broadcast on Living.
Morgan has also authored a number of books: "Life After Death" (2011), "Healing Spirits" (2009) and the autobiographical "My Psychic Life" (2008).
Criticisms and libel suits.
During a show in Dublin, Ireland, in September 2011, Sally Morgan was accused of receiving information about her audience members from an off-stage confederate, which she then repeated in her "psychic readings". Following a show at the Grand Canal Theatre, several callers to radio network RTE reported that they had overheard a male voice relaying information to Sally from the control room at the rear of the theatre. A caller said, "The first half of the show went really well but when the second half started, we could clearly hear a man's voice coming from the window behind us. Everything he said, the psychic would say 10 seconds later. It was as if she was having the information relayed to her." On her website, Sally Morgan responded to "The Guardian" report by denying the involvement of all Grand Canal Theatre employees and stating that her head microphone was a one-way device. The Daily Mail was later forced to pay £125,000 in damages after accepting that the earpiece claim was "untrue", and that the staff who had been overheard had been subcontracted by the theatre and were not members of Morgan's team.
The Merseyside Skeptics Society and Simon Singh promoted a test of Sally's psychic abilities, set for 31 October 2011. Morgan did not attend.
Mentalist Derren Brown states that it is possible that Morgan is being honest and not receiving hot-readings from her staff. He believes that psychics, just like your plumber and doctor, should be checked to see if they have passed their exams and their credentials examined. He hopes that Morgan will agree to be tested and that if she passes, she will work with scientists to "advance our race, help us find peace amongst ourselves and understand the nature of eternity, rather than merely pass on bland condolences or upsetting revelations from the 'Other Side'".
Magician Paul Zenon writing for the "Mail Online" states that stage psychics use cold reading and Internet tools like Google maps to fool audiences into parting with their money. He writes "if ... performers like Sally Morgan aren't actually talking to the dead, then I think the public has a right to know". Citing "substantial damage to her reputation, as well as hurt, distress and embarrassment" Morgan sued Associated Newspapers for £150,000 over Zenon's September 22, 2011 article. JREF President, D.J. Grothe, writing for "The Huffington Post", states that he wonders why she would sue for £150,000 when she can prove her ability by winning JREF's "Million Dollar Paranormal Challenge"? "It makes one wonder if even Sally Morgan believes that Sally Morgan's powers are real."
In a "Guardian" article, Simon Singh describes an incident in which Sally Morgan gave a reading to two members of the audience, Drew McAdam and his wife Elizabeth. The reading described a man called Toby who had died in an explosion. However, prior to the show, Drew and his wife say they fed Sally this information by emailing her website and leaving notes in a box provided in the foyer for so-called "love-letters". Toby was also a fictional character who died in an explosion in the 1970s BBC drama, "Doomwatch".
Morgan performed a psychic reading for "Big Brother" winner Brian Dowling on ITV2 in 2007. Asked on camera whether she knew him, she said "well, I know of him". She had actually given a similar reading for him in 2005. She later explained that she said this "because the director told me to".

</doc>
<doc id="19986441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986441" title="Dallas Texans Soccer Club">
Dallas Texans Soccer Club

Dallas Texans Soccer Club is a youth soccer club based in Dallas, Texas. The club is one of the top youth soccer clubs in the United States, and one of the largest in Texas. The club has affiliates in all four major soccer cities in the state, Houston, San Antonio, and Austin along with its base in the Dallas-Fort Worth region. Additional teams are located in Pensacola, FL and Ottawa, Canada. Founded in 1993 by Hassan Nazari, the club has produced many players who have played professionally at various levels in the U.S. and overseas, including United States men's national soccer team captain Clint Dempsey and players Brek Shea and Omar Gonzalez. The club's teams have found success in many major tournaments in the United States, including state titles, regional titles and more than eleven USYSA National Championships. The club has also experienced great success in some of the most prestigious tournaments in Europe, such as the Gothia Cup. 
The Texans are only American club to have won the Dr Pepper Dallas Cup supergroup.
History.
The club was founded by Hassan Nazari in 1993 and is based in the populous Dallas-Fort Worth Metroplex. In 2007, the club opened the Ross Stewart Soccer Complex as their home base of operations. The complex contains six full-sized, lighted fields, a clubhouse, as well as the recently completed Embrey Family Training Center. The 15,000-player club made history in 2008 by winning four national championships and the prestigious Manchester United Premier Cup U.S. finals trophy. Later that year, the Texans joined the prestigious USSF Development Academy as part of the Texas Division, and sent their U-18 all the way to the Finals in their first year. In addition to the Development Academy and Select teams, the Texans are very active in the Pre-Select ages, which the club calls their Youth Academy. The Youth Academy teams are divided into 4 age divisions - Under 10, Under 9, Under 8 and Under 7. The club recently announced the addition of a Residency Program, which will open up this fall. The Dallas Texans are a Nike Premier Club, the host club of the Dallas Cup and are also the only American club to have a partnership with Manchester United. In 2011, the Texans hosted the first ever Dallas International Girls Cup, which in its first year featured more foreign teams than any other girls tournament in the United States.
Relationship With Manchester United.
In 2009 the Dallas Texans teamed up with Manchester United to offer their players the chance of a lifetime – to train with Manchester United at its world class Carrington training centre. Each year, the club sends a group of players, accompanied by Dallas Texans coaches, to train with United's youth teams, experience their facilities and share the latest coaching techniques. In addition, every summer coaches from Manchester United travel to Dallas to help identify players and offer their advice and expertise in the youth team’s coaching sessions. Brian McClair, Director of the Manchester United Academy said, “This is a great opportunity for the Dallas Texans. We are looking forward to welcoming them to Manchester and putting them through their paces.” Hassan Nazari, Founder and Technical Director of the Dallas Texans, agrees: “Soccer is a growing sport in America, and it is a great honor to learn from the best. We appreciate Manchester United’s expertise in helping our players develop into not only great soccer players, but great young men and women." Manchester United is considered the most popular professional soccer club in the world, with more than 330 million supporters. The legendary club has won 20 top flight titles, 11 FA Cup trophies and three European Cups.
Another perk from the partnership saw the prestigious Manchester United Soccer Schools come to Dallas for the first time, hosted by the Texans at their Ross Stewart Soccer Complex in 2010. The camp is coming back in 2011, and in addition to Dallas, the camp will be hosted by the Texans affiliates in Tulsa, Austin and Houston, throughout the summer.
In 2013, Manchester United youth teams reached the finals of the Dallas Cup, facing off against the Texans in a competitive fixture for the first time. The Texans lost to United 3-1. 
Notable alumni.
The following players have also played senior international football:
Affiliation Program.
In 2007, the Dallas Texans began affiliating with other clubs around the country. The affiliate clubs are all have an independent board and coaching staff, but take the Texans name and kit, except in the case of the Ottawa affiliate, which retained the Ottawa South United branding. These clubs all adhere to the Texans philosophy, coaching methods, administrative guidelines and more, to the benefit of all of the clubs in the organization, and their coaches, players, parents, sponsors and other partners. 
Texans Divisions:

</doc>
<doc id="19986442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986442" title="Fiorenza Sommaripa">
Fiorenza Sommaripa

Fiorenza Sommaripa (died 1518) was a Lady of Paros.
Ancestry.
She was a daughter of Nicolò I Sommaripa, Lord of Paros, Tercier of Negroponte, and wife ... da Pesaro.
Marriage and issue.
She married in 1479 Zuan Francesco Venier, Co-Lord of Cerigo (died 1518), and had Nicolò Venier, Lord of Paros and Moisè Venier, who married Elena Donà and had Sebastiano Venier, Doge of Venice.

</doc>
<doc id="19986453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986453" title="Heinrich Wolf (entomologist)">
Heinrich Wolf (entomologist)

Heinrich Wolf (born 1924, Siegen) is a German entomologist who specialised in Hymenoptera. His collection is conserved in the Castle Museum in Linz(Landesmuseum Linz)

</doc>
<doc id="19986457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986457" title="Bhonsala Military School">
Bhonsala Military School

Bhonsala Military School is a residential military school in Nasik, Maharashtra state, India operated by the Central Hindu Military Education Society (CHMES). The school was founded in 1937 by Dr. B. S. Moonje.

</doc>
<doc id="19986458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986458" title="Radio Amateurs of Lebanon">
Radio Amateurs of Lebanon

The Radio Amateurs of Lebanon (RAL) is a non-profit organization for some amateur radio operators in Lebanon. Key membership benefits of the RAL include a QSL bureau for those amateur radio operators in regular communications with other amateur radio operators in foreign countries, and a network to support amateur radio emergency communications. RAL represents the interests of its members.
Other Lebanese amateur-radio organizations exist in Lebanon, such as RAK (Rachid Karame Amateur Radio Society)
Some amateur radio operators in Lebanon exist without being affiliated to any organization. In Lebanon, it is only the ministary of telecommunications that grants the right to become a radio operator.
Upon succeeding a written and an oral exam at the minstary premises, comes an interview. When the future operators passes the three tests, the ministary hands in a written certification allowing the new operator to operate within the Lebanese spectrum management. In Lebanon, there are two levels of Amateur radio: Phone operator and telegraphy operator.
A Lebanese certification gives the right for a callsign starting with OD5. A callsign in Lebanon is for life.

</doc>
<doc id="19986461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986461" title="Brandenburglied">
Brandenburglied

The Brandenburglied was written for the Province of Brandenburg, in the Kingdom of Prussia, of the German Empire and was used between 1906-1936. In present days it is used as unofficial anthem of the German federal state of Brandenburg.

</doc>
<doc id="19986471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986471" title="Montrose Community Schools">
Montrose Community Schools

Montrose Community School District is a public school district in the northwestern corner of Genesee County in the U.S. state of Michigan and in the Genesee Intermediate School District. The District serves all of the city of Montrose and most of Montrose Township.
According to the district's web site, in 2010 approximately 1600 students in 2010 were estimated to attend one of three schools in the district: Carter Elementary School for grades K-4 (600 students), Kuehn-Haven Middle School for grades 5-8 (500 students), Hill-McCloy High School for grades 9-12 (500 students).
Athletics.
Montrose joined the Genesee Area Conference (originally known as the Genesee 8 Conference) as a charter member in 1978 from the now defunct Mid-Eastern 8 Conference. Since the league's inaugural season, Montrose has been successful in football and wrestling, winning numerous conference, district, regional and state championships in boys' and girls' athletic sports.
Football success and championships.
Montrose has one of the top high school American football programs in Genesee County.
At the end of the 2013 season, The Rams had amassed a record of 423-187-6 since 1950, with a winning percentage of .693. Over this 62-year period, the Rams have won or shared 42 conference titles.
Beginning in 1979, the Rams won 29 Genesee Area Conference titles in football, including 17 consecutive championships from 1988 through 2004. It was during this era that the Rams won two MHSAA state football championships. The first of these two state titles came in 1998 when Montrose defeated the Wittemore-Proscott Cardinals 24-14 in the Class "C" title game held at the Pontiac Siverdome. Montrose again captured the Division "5" state football crown in 2002 by defeating Constantine 14-0 to cap and undefeated 14-0 campaign.
Including their two state titles, Montrose has appeared in the MHSAA state football playoffs 18 times between 1980 and 2010.
The book "No Quitters Here: Quest for the Dome" by B.M. Woodward discusses the Montrose High School football team's ten-year winning streak from 1988-1998.
Ram wrestling.
Along with its success in football, Montrose also enjoys a tradition of wrestling championships. The Rams have won ten MHSAA team wrestling championships between 1975 and 2005. 
The Rams have also won many GAC, district and regional championships.

</doc>
<doc id="19986479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986479" title="2003–04 KNVB Cup">
2003–04 KNVB Cup

The 86th edition of the KNVB Cup (at the time called "Amstel Cup") started on August 9, 2003. The final was played on May 23, 2004: FC Utrecht beat FC Twente 1–0 and won the trophy for the third time. A total of 88 clubs participated.
First round.
The matches of the first round were played on August 9, 12 and September 1, 2003.
Second round.
The matches of the second round were played on September 23 and 25, 2003.
Third round.
The matches of the third round were played on October 28 and 29, 2003.
Round of 16.
The matches were played on December 16 and 17. Six Eredivisie clubs entered the tournament here, because they had been playing in the Champions League and the UEFA Cup.
Quarter finals.
The matches of the quarter finals were played on February 3 and 4, 2004.
Semi-finals.
The matches of the semi-finals were played on March 16 and 17, 2004.
Final.
FC Utrecht would play in the UEFA Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="19986502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986502" title="The International Home Wrecking Crew">
The International Home Wrecking Crew

The International Home Wrecking Crew (formerly known as The Minnesota Home Wrecking Crew) is a professional wrestling stable, or alliance, that appears primarily in Shimmer Women Athletes but also other independent promotions. As the Minnesota Home Wrecking Crew, former enemies and Minnesotans Rain and Lacey teamed up as a tag team in 2003 then later English wrestler Jetta was welcomed into the group. Lacey soon retired from professional wrestling and the International Home Wrecking Crew became a tag team, but in May 2009 Lacey reappeared in a managerial capacity for the team. Their last match was in November 2009, after which time Rain mainly wrestled in Mexico and Jetta retired. Their name is an homage to the Minnesota Wrecking Crew.
History.
Minnesota Home Wrecking Crew.
IWA: Mid-South (2002–2004).
Lacey and Rain, both of Minnesota extraction, spent most of 2002 feuding with each other in Independent Wrestling Association Mid-South (IWA: Mid-South) as well as Combat Zone Wrestling (CZW), Minnesota Independent Wrestling and others. However, by the end of 2003, at IWA: Mid-South's "Stylin' and Profilin'" the duo found themselves teaming together, in a losing effort, to Daizee Haze and Mickie Knuckles and again the following year at "You Gotta See This" picking up a return victory.
Women's Erotic Wrestling (2006–2007).
As well as making individual appearances for the company, the Minnesota Home Wrecking Crew have wrestled twice for Women's Erotic Wrestling. In July 2006 the duo defeated the team of Shantelle Taylor and Pussy Willow at "Nude and Nasty". The following year, at May's "Nude War Games", the two challenged Annie Social and Sumie Sakai for the WEW Tag Team Championship but failed to win gold.
Shimmer Women Athletes (2006–2008).
After continuing to wrestle as singles wrestlers, the two found themselves individually employed by Illinois based start-up promotion Shimmer Women Athletes from its beginning in 2005. It was not until "Volume 5" that the Minnesota Home Wrecking Crew made their presence known, with Lacey confronting Mercedes Martinez for focusing too much on Sara Del Rey and goading her into a tag team match. Martinez actually picked Del Rey as her partner but Lacey's boasting was justified as the Home Wreckers picked up their maiden Shimmer win after Del Rey accidentally hit Martinez with a running boot while aiming for Lacey. During "Volume 7" Rain, with Lacey in her corner, found herself wrestling MsChif who was embroiled in a feud with Cheerleader Melissa. When Melissa came to the ringside to attack MsChif she was shoved to the floor by Lacey eventually leading to Rain's loss by disqualification. In return, the two attacked Melissa in her main event match but, in a moment that saw enemies become allies, MsChif ran out to save Melissa and beat down the two, leading to Lacey challenging the two to a tag team match. Once again, on "Volume 8", the Home Wreckers proved that teamwork prevails over ad hoc teaming when the two performed a Double Team Tomikaze on MsChif before pinning her to win their second match.
Over the course of "Volume 11" and "Volume 12", Shimmer held a knock out tournament to crown the inaugural Shimmer Champion. Rain was knocked out in the first round by Nikki Roxx but Lacey found greater success, finding herself in the final against Del Rey. As the match was ending, Lacey knocked the referee over allowing Rain to enter the ring and use her Rain Drop finisher on Del Rey. A returning Roxx and Shimmer founder Allison Danger came to the ringside to carry off Rain, making sure the match stayed even leading to Del Rey picking up the title. This led to the main event of "Volume 13" where the Home Wreckers faced their tournament foes Del Rey and Roxx who competently defeated the tag team; Del Rey had both in her Royal Butterfly simultaneously from where Nikki Roxx used her Barbie Crusher on Lacey while Rain received a powerslam from Del Rey and was pinned, marking their first Shimmer tag team loss.
After the team became international (see below) The Minnesota Home Wrecking Crew made two more appearances in their original form. Their final appearance in Shimmer was at "Volume 18" in April 2008. In what was deemed an upset victory, the team lost to losing to Ashley Lane and Nevaeh, giving the team their first victory in the promotion since joining the company the volume before. This was also Lacey's last match as an active competitor, as she retired from in-ring action and disappeared entirely from wrestling until ROH's Rising Above in November before returning as manager of the International Home Wrecking Crew the following year.
Ring of Honor (2007–2008).
The tag team made their first appearance in Ring of Honor at "The Battle of St Paul" in April 2007 as event openers, with Jimmy Jacobs in their corner defeating the Dangerous Angels (Allison Danger and Sara Del Rey). Two months later they appeared at "Driven" further up the card. They presaged their first International Home Wreckers outing by competing with MsChif and Daizee Haze. Unlike their later Shimmer encounter, the duo managed to score a victory. As Lacey was already a member of Jacobs' Age of the Fall stable, an invitation was extended to Rain who joined the group and the duo made several appearances, together and apart, for the faction such as at "Supercard of Honor III" where they held down Jay Briscoe forcing his brother, Mark, to submit.
Full Impact Pro Wrestling (2007–2008).
After their appearance in ROH, the Home Wreckers were challenged by the Dangerous Angels to a rematch at "Hot Summer Nights" in June 2007. Joined by Amazing Kong and also facing their other enemy Daizee Haze, the three were victorious. Their winning streak outside of Shimmer came to an abrupt end at "Cage of Pain II" in September when the combined team of Haze and Del Rey defeated them. Danger remained winless over the team, however, as they successfully wrestled their final FIP match against her and Trenesha. By this point, February 2008, the Minnesota Home Wreckers had become part of the larger FIP group Young, Rich and Ready for action (The YRR) and it was their influence the match before, helping Chasyn Rance defeat Seth Delay, that made Danger call demand a match against the pair. After this match Jacobs invited Rain to join Lacey in The Age Of The Fall, which she accepted.
International Home Wrecking Crew (2007–current).
In October at Shimmer's "Volume 16", the Minnesota Home Wrecking Crew were booked in a tag team match against MsChif, Daizee Haze and 'The Jezebel' Eden Black. In an interview during the evening, the Home Wreckers revealed that they had selected their partner in the form of English native Jetta who had a career long feud with Black, and had faced MsChif and Haze in England. They referred to her as the "cream of their Oreo" but initially the mix failed to work as Jetta was pinned after 25 minutes, losing the match. The team later announced themselves as the International Home Wrecking Crew and returned at "Volume 17" when Rain and Jetta defeated Danyah and Jennifer Blake. Later in that evening the original Minnesota Home Wrecking Crew appeared under their original name but were defeated by Ashley Lane and Neveah. After Lacey retired, the International Home Wreckers became a twosome and they gained a return victory over Ashley Lane and Neveah through unsporting means, as Rain grabbed hold of Neveah's tights.
At "Volume 21", Shimmer Women Athletes extended their gold to include tag team champions and crowned the inaugural victors in a six team gauntlet match. The Home Wreckers entered fourth and eliminated the Suicide Blondes (LuFisto) and Jennifer Blake) but once again found themselves suffering defeat at the hands of Ashley Lane and Neveah, who eventually won. Owing to the long history between the two teams in both their forms, "Volume 23" was promoted with a two out of three falls tag team match between the two for the gold. The match was mired in controversy as, in their typically comic fashion the team wore masks to the ring to protect themselves from swine flu before being joined by a returning Lacey who had not been seen since the previous year and was thought retired. She reversed a pinfall while the referee was distracted allowing her team to pick up the first fall and then, when the referee attempted to eject her from ringside she displayed her official manager's license. Lacey caused the second fall to go against the team as Jetta checked on her after she was knocked off the apron, leaving Rain to be double teamed and pinned. Lacey was fundamental in the third pin as she handed Jetta a chain to use, giving her the second and decisive fall for her team. However, as the team celebrated with their newly found gold, a backstage official came to the ring and demanded the match be restarted owing to the underhanded tactics of the team and Ashley Lane and Neveah instantly pulled out their double team move and won. The team bounced back with a win over Ariel and Nikki Roxx on "Volume 24". The team defeated Rachel Summerlyn and Daffney on "Volume 27" after the evil Daffney abandoned Rachel during the match, and their last victory in SHIMMER came against the duo of Jessie McKay and Tenille on "Volume 28".
The team will reunite for the first time in two years in November of 2011 at WSU's Breaking Barriers II internet pay per view as Jetta is coming out of retirement to team up with Rain and challenge for the WSU tag team championships held by the Boston Shore.

</doc>
<doc id="19986505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986505" title="Clint Mauro">
Clint Mauro

Clint Mauro is an American model, aspiring actor and writer best known for his appearance in an Armani Exchange underwear campaign.
Early life.
Clint Mauro was raised in Mishawaka, Indiana, the son of Rose, a nurse, and John Mauro. His father was a fan of actor Clint Eastwood, after whom he named his son. Mauro attended Mishawaka High School where he was team captain and MVP twice in his basketball team. After high school he briefly attended Anderson University before moving to Los Angeles to pursue a career in modeling and acting.
Career.
After being rejected by several local modeling agencies, he was scouted by Al David while working as a sales clerk at an Abercrombie & Fitch store, David decided to bring him to Miami to begin production on developing his style and look for the industry. After four intensive days of working with David, Mauro had learned what his look and market was, soon he returned to Los Angeles, with David as his agent, he started to steadily get work in the fashion industry.
After exposure on the cover of "Out" magazine and several fashion news spreads, he worked with renowned photographers Bruce Weber and Tony Duran and a few others.
In August 2007 he was featured in an Armani Exchange underwear campaign.
Personal life.
Mauro Stands 6'2" feet tall, he enjoys writing, Goosebumps, really anything R.L. Stein, acting, ice cream, snowboarding, working out, playing basketball, puppy dogs and watching movies.

</doc>
<doc id="19986511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986511" title="HM Prison Deerbolt">
HM Prison Deerbolt

HM Prison Deerbolt is a male juveniles' prison and Young Offenders Institution located in the Village of Startforth (near Barnard Castle), in County Durham, England. The prison is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service.
History.
Deerbolt prison opened in 1973, on the site of a former army camp.
In 1999 four inmates escaped from Deerbolt while with an outside working party. A year later a report from Her Majesty's Chief Inspector of Prisons stated that Deerbolt was dangerously overcrowded, with too many inmates and too few resources.
There was a major disturbance at the prison in February 2005 involving six inmates who caused tens of thousands of pounds worth of damage to the prison chapel. There was another large disturbance at the prison the following June.
Deerbolt Prison was praised by inspectors in 2005 for improving activity and resettlement services but was criticised for inmates spending too much time in their cells.
In 2007 prison officers passed a vote of no confidence in the governor after A wing at Deerbolt Prison was taken over by inmates in a five hour riot. Four prison officers were injured at the premises during the disturbance.
The prison today.
Deerbolt is a Category C Training Prison and caters for approximately 500 prisoners between the ages of 18 – 21, generally serving sentences up to 4 years in length from the North East of England and Humberside area.
The Education department at the prison is run by New College Durham, and offers both full and part-time classes in a variety of subjects. Courses include music, art, drama, creative writing, geography, history, maths and information technology. Workshop jobs are available to prisoners who have first completed a qualification in basic literacy or numeracy, completed a manual handling course and have done a first aid qualification. Courses include catering, office skills, building computers, bricklaying, plastering, charity workshop, furniture craft, multiskills, Painting and Decorating, motor mechanics and fork lift truck driving. 
Deerbolt prison's gym also offers physical education qualifications, as well as being available for recreational use. Other facilities and services at the prison include a library and a prison chaplaincy.

</doc>
<doc id="19986516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986516" title="9th Fleet (Imperial Japanese Navy)">
9th Fleet (Imperial Japanese Navy)

The was a fleet of the Imperial Japanese Navy established during World War II.
History.
Established on 15 November 1943, the IJN 9th Fleet was a headquarters unit established to direct Japanese naval operations in New Guinea. The ships and equipment of the IJN 9th Fleet were under the operational control of the Southeast Area Fleet. It provided support for Japanese troops on the northern coast of New Guinea, and also administered the No.2 and No.7 Base units of land forces assigned to occupy northern New Guinea. By the time the IJN 9th Fleet had been established, much of New Guinea had already been retaken by American forces under Operation Cartwheel, and the IJN 9th Fleet could do little more than provide defensive support and limited supplies. 
In March 1944, survivors of the two Base Units merged into the No.27 Special Base unit, at which time the IJN 9th Fleet came under the operational control of the Southwest Area Fleet. It was disbanded on 10 July 1944.
Commanders of the IJN 9th Fleet.
Commander in chief
Chief of staff

</doc>
<doc id="19986538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986538" title="Pietro Venier, Governor of Cerigo">
Pietro Venier, Governor of Cerigo

Pietro Venier (died 8 May 1372) was a Governor of Cerigo.
Ancestry.
He was a son of Marco Venier, fl. in 1347 and 1363, and wife Caterina ..., paternal grandson of Pietro Venier (died bef. 1360) and wife Bonafemena Quirini, and great-grandson of Marco Venier, Lord of Cerigo, and wife.
Marriage and issue.
He married ... and had Francesco Venier (died 1424), who married his cousin Fantina Venier, daughter of Pietro Venier and wife, but died childless.

</doc>
<doc id="19986539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986539" title="United States House of Representatives elections in Washington, 2002">
United States House of Representatives elections in Washington, 2002

The 2002 House elections in Washington occurred on November 5, 2002 to elect the members of the State of Washington's delegation to the United States House of Representatives. Washington has nine seats in the House, apportioned according to the 2000 United States Census. Though competitive races occurred in several districts, no seat switched hands as a result of the elections this year.
District 1.
Incumbent Democratic Congressman Jay Inslee ran for a fourth nonconsecutive term in Congress from this fairly liberal district rooted in portions of the Kitsap Peninsula and Seattle’s northern suburbs. Inslee faced Republican candidate Joe Marine, a former Mukilteo City Councilman and State Representative. Though Marine gave Inslee one of the closest races of his career, the Congressman was successful on election day and bested Marine by a fourteen point margin.
District 2.
Freshman Democratic Congressman Rick Larsen, who represents this northwestern Washington-based district, ran for re-election. Larsen faced Republican Norma Smith, an aide to former Congressman Jack Metcalf and a former South Whidbey school board member in the general election. Though Larsen attained a majority of the vote and retained his seat, Smith was able to keep her Democratic opponent to only a five point margin, surprisingly close in this marginally liberal district.
District 3.
Though the southwestern Washington-based district that two-term Democratic incumbent Congressman Brian Baird represents is essentially a centrist district, the Congressman was able to perform surprisingly well against Republican State Senator Joseph Zarelli. Baird was overwhelmingly re-elected over Zarelli, receiving over sixty percent of the vote on election day.
District 4.
In this solidly conservative, central Washington congressional district, incumbent Republican Congressman Doc Hastings faced Democrat Craig Mason, a sociology professor at Columbia Basin College in the general election. Owing to Congressman Hastings’s popularity and his district’s strong proclivity towards electing Republican candidates, the Congressman was re-elected in a landslide.
District 5.
Running for his fifth term in Congress, incumbent Republican Congressman George Nethercutt faced Democratic candidate Bart Haggin and Libertarian candidate Rob Chase as obstacles to another term. In this staunchly conservative district rooted in the socially conservative counties of eastern Washington, Congressman Nethercutt hardly faced a challenge and easily won another term.
District 6.
Long-serving Democratic Congressman Norm Dicks, the longest-serving of Washington congressmen, has represented this liberal-leaning, Kitsap Peninsula-based district since he was first elected in United States House of Representatives elections, 1980#Washington. Congressman Dicks faced Republican nominee Bob Lawrence in the general election, who was also his opponent in the previous two elections. Lawrence hardly faced a chance in the general election, and Dicks was swept into his fourteenth term in a landslide.
District 7.
This district, the most liberal in Washington, encompasses most of the city of Seattle and has been represented by Democratic Congressman Jim McDermott since he was first elected in 1988. Running for a seventh term this year, McDermott faced off against Republican Carol Cassady and Libertarian Stan Lippman, whom he crushed in the general election by a convincing margin.
District 8.
Incumbent Republican Congresswoman Jennifer Dunn ran for a seventh term in this liberal-leaning district and faced Democratic nominee Heidi Behrens-Benedict and Libertarian Mark Taff in the general election. Though this district, based in the eastern suburbs of Seattle, has a tendency to vote Democratic, the potential potency of Behrens-Benedict’s candidacy was hampered by the fact that she has achieved perennial status, running for the same seat two previous times. Ultimately, Congresswoman Dunn was re-elected by a solid margin on election day.
District 9.
In his bid for a fourth term, incumbent Democratic Congressman Adam Smith was opposed by Republican State Representative Sarah Casada and Libertarian candidate J. Mills in the general election. Congressman Smith represents a liberal-leaning district that runs from the state’s capital of Olympia to some of the southern suburbs of Seattle, and, true to the liberal tendencies of his constituency, Smith was re-elected by a substantial margin over Casada and Mills.

</doc>
<doc id="19986545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986545" title="Nemapogon quercicolella">
Nemapogon quercicolella

Nemapogon quercicolella is a moth of the Tineidae family. It is found in Eastern Europe.
The moth flies in June depending on the location.
The larvae feed on Mushrooms and Fungus.

</doc>
<doc id="19986567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986567" title="Passendale cheese">
Passendale cheese

Passendale cheese, named for Passendale, the village where it originated, is one of the best-known cheeses in Belgium. The regular Passendale cheese exists in two variations called Passendale Classic and Passendale Prelude. And next to the regular Passendale, there is a quality version called Passendale Bel Age.
Passendale Cheese resembles a loaf of bread. It has a round shape and a hard, but edible brown rind with spots of white. Inside, the flesh is golden, dotted with small holes and very creamy. It has a firm and damp consistency, slightly sweet bouquet and mild flavor.
History.
The Donck family from Passendale started producing cheeses back in 1932. Many milk producers from the area cooperated and after WWII they started producing milk, butter and yoghurt as well. Soon they relocated to a former brewery. In 1978, they launched a cheese inspired by local tradition, "de Groot Hof–Grand’Ferme". For export reasons the cheese was renamed Passendale in 1980. In 1991 the Comelco group, owner of the company making Passendale, was taken over by the Dutch Campina company. The Bongrain group took over the company in 2007 and came in second place on the Belgian market for cheese products.
Types of Passendale.
Classic and Prelude.
At the end of the ripening process the rind of the Passendale Classic is brushed before the cheese is packaged.
Passendale Bel Age.
This cheese ripens for 6 months in the cheese cellars of Cheesemaker Passendale and has a more distinguished taste.

</doc>
<doc id="19986587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986587" title="Sucharitra">
Sucharitra

Sucharitra is a rāgam in Carnatic music (musical scale of South Indian classical music). It is the 67th "melakarta" rāgam (parent scale) in the 72 "melakarta" rāgam system of Carnatic music. It is called Santāna manjari in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music.
Structure and Lakshana.
It is the 1st rāgam in the 12th "chakra Aditya". The mnemonic name is "Aditya-Pa". The mnemonic phrase is "sa ru gu mi pa dha na". Its "" structure (ascending and descending scale) is as follows (see "swaras" in Carnatic music for details on below notation and terms):
The "swaras" used in this scale are "shatsruthi rishabham, antara gandharam, prati madhyamam, shuddha dhaivatham" and "shuddha nishadham". "Sucharitra", being a "melakarta" rāgam, by definition is a "sampoorna" rāgam (has all seven notes in ascending and descending scale). It is the "prati madhyamam" equivalent of "Yagapriya", which is the 31st "melakarta" scale.
"Janya" rāgams.
"Sucharitra" currently has no "janya" rāgam (derived scale) associated with it. See List of "janya" rāgams" for those "janyas" associated with other "melakarta" rāgams.
Compositions.
"Sucharitra" scale has been used for the following compositions:
Related rāgams.
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this rāgam.
"Sucharitra's" notes when shifted using "Graha bhedam", does not yield any other "melakarta" rāgam. "Graha bhedam" is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same, while shifting the "shadjam" to the next note in the rāgam.

</doc>
<doc id="19986609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986609" title="Penelope Nice">
Penelope Nice

Penelope Nice is a British comedy actress.

</doc>
<doc id="19986625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986625" title="Mandated lead arranger">
Mandated lead arranger

Financing for a major financed project will be arranged by a bank or group of banks termed the “lead arranger(s)”. 
The mandated lead arranger (MLA) generally has the leading role in this financing stage of a project. He often underwrites the financing, then handles syndication or builds up a group to underwrite the full amount and syndicate. As a requirement of its mandate from the project sponsor, the MLA will be committed to raise the complete debt financing, which for a major project could be many hundreds of millions of dollars. But, commercial lenders typically do not want to take more than about US$50 million of debt for a particular project and will want to pass some of the debt, and hence some of the risk, to other lenders. The process of selling the debt is called syndication.
In large deals with multiple tranches, there may be an arranger for all, or there may be a separate arranger for each tranche. During the syndication process one of the banks may fulfil the role of "book runner". This role of the book runner is simply to keep a record of how much debt each of the potential syndication banks wants to take.
The MLA is paid either through an arranger fee, through skimming or through structuring fees.

</doc>
<doc id="19986626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986626" title="Marco Venier, Lord of Cerigo">
Marco Venier, Lord of Cerigo

Marco Venier (died 1311) was a Lord of Cerigo.
Ancestry.
He was a son of Bartolommeo Venier (fl. between 1252 and 1275), and paternal grandson of Marco Venier, Marquess of Cerigo.
Marriage and issue.
He married an unknown woman and had Pietro Venier (- bef. 1360), who married Bonafemena Quirini and had Marco Venier, fl. in 1347 and 1363, who married Caterina ... and had Pietro Venier, Governor of Cerigo.

</doc>
<doc id="19986648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986648" title="China–Romania relations">
China–Romania relations

Chinese-Romanian relations are foreign relations between the People's Republic of China and the Romania. Both countries established diplomatic relations on October 5, 1949, and exchanged ambassador for the first time in March 1950. China has an embassy in Bucharest and a consulate general in Constanţa. Romania has an embassy in Beijing and 2 consulate general in Hong Kong and Shanghai.

</doc>
<doc id="19986665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986665" title="Adam Sollitt">
Adam Sollitt

Adam Sollitt (born June 22, 1977) is an English former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper from 1995 to 2012.
He notably played professionally for Barnsley, Northampton Town and Rushden & Diamonds, as well as playing in Non-league football for Gainsborough Trinity, Kettering Town, Scarborough, Morecambe, Worksop Town and Matlock Town.
Playing career.
Sollitt was promoted to the first team squad of Barnsley and was the club's third choice goalkeeper from 1995 to 1997. Manager Danny Wilson released him, following the club's promotion to the Premiership. He then signed for non league club Gainsborough Trinity who were searching for a replacement for departed veteran Steve Sherwood. His performances earned him the chance to move up a league and at the end of the season he signed for Conference club Kettering Town where he remained for two seasons.
In July, 2000, Sollitt re-signed as a professional, this time for Northampton Town for a fee of £30,000. In his two year stay at Town, Sollitt played in 16 games for the club before moving to local rivals Rushden & Diamonds in the summer of 2002.
He went on to play for Scarborough, Morecambe, and Worksop Town before moving back to Gainsborough Trinity in 2006. Sollitt signed for Matlock Town in August 2009. Sollitt announced his retirement in 2011 and departed Matlock in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19986673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986673" title="Pontia occidentalis">
Pontia occidentalis

The Western White ("Pontia occidentalis") is a butterfly in the family Pieridae. It is found in Western North America.
The wingspan is 38 to 53 millimeters. The host plants are from the Brassicaceae (mustard or cabbage) family. The caterpillars eat especially the flowers, buds and fruit. In the north of the range, one generation flies in June and July; in the south two generations fly from May to August.

</doc>
<doc id="19986678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986678" title="Marco Venier, Marquess of Cerigo">
Marco Venier, Marquess of Cerigo

Marco Venier was a Marquess of Cerigo.
He was Venetian and won his Marquisate as a result of the Fourth Crusade.
Marriage and issue.
He married ... and had Bartolommeo Venier, fl. between 1252 and 1275, who married ... and had Marco Venier, Lord of Cerigo.

</doc>
<doc id="19986705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986705" title="Room Service (1979 TV series)">
Room Service (1979 TV series)

Room Service was a 1979 Thames Television comedy series, notable as being written by Jimmy Perry without his usual writing partner David Croft. It and Perry's other work without Croft, "High Street Blues" (1989, co-written with Robin Carr) "remain contenders for the title of worst British sitcom". The cast included Penelope Nice, Bryan Pringle and Matthew Kelly.

</doc>
<doc id="19986716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986716" title="Steer Davies Gleave">
Steer Davies Gleave

Steer Davies Gleave is an independent consultancy working worldwide across the transport sector. 
Founded in 1978 in the UK, the company has grown into an international business employing around 350 staff in 15 offices (London, Leeds, Edinburgh, Glasgow, Boston, Mexico City, Rome, Bologna, Madrid, San Juan, Bogota, Abu Dhabi, São Paulo, Santiago, Toronto, Vancouver, Montreal and Denver). Clients including government, operators, financiers, regulators, developers, international agencies and other interest groups in over 50 countries.
Steer Davies Gleave is an employee-owned company and has been rated The Sunday Times ‘18th Best Companies to work for in the UK’ for two years in a row, and has also been listed in the Sunday Times Profit Track 100 as ‘One to Watch’.
Services.
The company works across all modes of transport and markets including: aviation, bus & coach, cycling, highways, maritime, rail, toll roads & bridges, urban transit and walking.
The services that Steer Davies Gleave provides cover the areas of:
Stadium Projects.
They have worked on some of the largest stadium developments in Europe including:

</doc>
<doc id="19986737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986737" title="Sensphal Khan">
Sensphal Khan

Raja ShenshePal Khan was a Rajput ruler of the state of Kotli, Kashmir who established the City of Sehnsa, which is now one of the largest towns of Pakistan-administered Azad Kashmir.
Raja ShenshePal Khan was the grandson of Raja Mangarpal and the son of Hani Dev, a Rajput prince originally from Jangladesh, Rajastan. Hani Dev settled in the Royal Court of the rulers of Kashmir in Sialkot (Winter Capital) whilst his brother Nirmal Dev stayed in Jangladesh. Following the death of his father, Raja Mangarpal moved to Kashmir, where he ruled the state of Kotli, now a Tesil and a district of Azad Kashmir. Kotli was then known as Kotli Mangralan.
Raja Shenshe Pal Khan converted to Islam, after which all of his followers did the same.
The descendants of Raja Shenshepal Khan are:

</doc>
<doc id="19986754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986754" title="Caught in the Act (Michael Bublé album)">
Caught in the Act (Michael Bublé album)

Caught in the Act is the second live album released by Canadian Jazz Crooner Michael Bublé. It was filmed and recorded at the Wiltern Theater in Los Angeles. The filmed concert was aired on PBS as an episode of "Great Performances", and the show was subsequently released on DVD along with the audio CD to create the album package, although the audio disc only featured eight of the songs from the concert. The concert featured a few guest artists, including Laura Pausini, Chris Botti, and with an unexpected comedic banter with Bublé, Josh Groban.
Track listing.
"A Backstage Pass"

</doc>
<doc id="19986755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986755" title="Mount Morris Consolidated Schools">
Mount Morris Consolidated Schools

Mount Morris Consolidated School District is a public school district in Genesee County in the U.S. state of Michigan and in the Genesee Intermediate School District. 

</doc>
<doc id="19986764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986764" title="Li Gun-mo">
Li Gun-mo

Li Gun-mo (born 5 April 1926) is a North Korean politician (CND). He was Prime Minister from 29 December 1986 to 12 December 1988, when he was replaced, reportedly due to poor health. He succeeded Kang Song-san. His successor was Yon Hyong Muk.

</doc>
<doc id="19986770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986770" title="Wrestling at the 1972 Summer Olympics – Men's Greco-Roman 100 kg">
Wrestling at the 1972 Summer Olympics – Men's Greco-Roman 100 kg

The Men's Greco-Roman 100 kg at the 1972 Summer Olympics as part of the wrestling program at the Fairgrounds, Judo and Wrestling Hall.
Tournament results.
The competition used a form of negative points tournament, with negative points given for any result short of a fall. Accumulation of 6 negative points eliminated the wrestler. When only two or three wrestlers remain, a special final round is used to determine the order of the medals.
Final.
Results from the preliminary round are carried forward into the final (shown in yellow).

</doc>
<doc id="19986787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986787" title="Grinding into Emptiness">
Grinding into Emptiness

Grinding Into Emptiness is an album by industrial music artists Noise Unit. It is the first of two collaborations under this moniker between Bill Leeb of Front Line Assembly and Marc Verhaeghen of Klinik. It was originally released in 1989 by Antler-Subway, on both LP and Compact Disc format (the latter with a bonus track "The End I, II & III") and re-released later on the legendary Chicago label Wax Trax!.

</doc>
<doc id="19986796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986796" title="Kim Il (politician)">
Kim Il (politician)

Kim Il (1910–1984) was a North Korean politician. He was Prime Minister from 28 December 1972 to 29 April 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="19986801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986801" title="Susana Escobar">
Susana Escobar

Susana Escobar (born December 13, 1987 in Guanajuato, Guanajuato) is a Mexican swimmer and Olympian. As of October 2008, she attends and swims for the USA's University of Texas at Austin.
At the 2008 Olympics, she set 3 Mexican Records in the 3 events she swam: the 400 free (4:11.99 – 20th), 800 free (8:33.51 – 18th), and 400 IM (4:47.32 – 30th).
She also swam at the 2007 Pan American Games. She also competed at the 2009 World Championships in Rome.

</doc>
<doc id="19986802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986802" title="Object Process Graph">
Object Process Graph

An Object Process Graph (OPG) is a general purpose executable graph that incorporates every aspect of an application, including process, user interface, and database. No programming language, tool, or database is required to handle any part of an application. A complete high-level visual programming environment is used to define an OPG. No code is generated; the graph is the code. Object Process Graphs interface with traditional programming languages and databases through industry standard protocols. The reference implementation of the OPG model is GraphLogic's PointDragon platform.
Overview of Object Process Graph Technology.
The major elements of Object Process Graph Technology are: the Object Process Graph (OPG), the Dynamic Graph Interpreter (DGI), the Application Controller Viewer (ACV), the Application Editor System (AES) and the Object Process Graph Application Program Interface (OPGAPI). Each of these elements are briefly described below.
Object Process Graph.
An Object Process Graph (OPG) completely defines a computer application’s persistent and transient data, its processing logic and data flow, and the display and validation characteristics of every application data item. Its graph-based structure incorporates the concept of a graph-oriented object database model, and by making it executable extends its capabilities to encompass all the requirements of the new software architecture. Formally the Object Process Graph is a Turing complete programming language. Fundamental to GraphLogic’s invention was the conversion of an executable graph into a practical programming language, through the addition of specialized nodes and edges, properties and specific protocols. The OPG is interpreted as the program it defines is executed. OPGs are stored in both transient and persistent computer memory. They can hold any data structure, including but not limited to: relational tables, hierarchical tables, n-dimensional data arrays, spreadsheets, and both graphical 2-D and 3-D models. Large complex data structures are not stored as blobs as is common in relational database systems, but in OPG structures that reflect their original structure and internal relationships. Object Process Graph process and control structures provide complete control over the order and timing of persistent and transient data validation, transformation, and display within an application. Object Process Graph process and control structures can completely define mathematical formulas, regular expressions (in the case of textual data or mixed quantitative and textual data) and complete algorithms. Object Process Graph based applications are accessed, interpreted, modified, and run by the Dynamic Graph Interpreter (described below). 
Dynamic Graph Interpreter.
The Dynamic Graph Interpreter (DGI) runs an instance of an application by making transitions from one application state to another and displaying the application’s state information via the Application Controller Viewer (described below) on an internet browser. This is equivalent to interpreting, executing, performing or running in the traditional sense. The DGI makes it possible to concurrently develop and modify an application while it is being run. Development and modification may apply to all subsequent runs of an application, a subset of subsequent runs, or to the current instance of the application being run. This feature of the OPG and DGI facilitates the rapid development and long-term maintenance of enterprise-wide application systems. User access to this dynamic development capability is tightly controlled in a production environment by the OPG-DGI multi-level security and access system. In addition to data entered or changed via terminals, the system also accepts input data to application processes in various digital formats, including industry standards such as XML. Note this is a graph interpreter of object process graphs as opposed to a dynamic analysis of Object Process Graphs offered by Jochen Quante and Rainer Koschke.
Application Controller Viewer.
The Application Controller Viewer consists of an "Application Controller" and an "Application Viewer". The Application Controller Viewer together with the OPG and DGI form the "Dynamic Model–view–controller" application structure. This dynamic application structure manifests running instances of OPG applications. The Application Controller controls the running of applications by: processing input data and instructions/selections from users or other systems; initiating the display or output of information via the Application Viewer, commanding the DGI to initiate application state transitions and controlling the import and export of OPG application descriptions. The Application Controller is the controller component of the Dynamic Model View Controller. 
The Application Viewer is the view component of the Dynamic Model View Controller. It receives display/output commands from the Application Controller to render OPG application data on a display media. The rendered application data provides a means of interacting with the applications via selection and input controls, and a way to view and update their content.
The third element of the Dynamic Model View Controller, is the integrated OPG and DGI, which functions as the model component.
In addition to providing application control and view capabilities, the Application Controller Viewer provides a WYSIWYG (What You See Is What You Get) editor for editing application data display windows. Changes made to an application’s windows can affect all executions of an application, a single window within an application or a particular instance of running an application.
Application Editor System.
The Application Editor System (AES) is a fully featured editing environment for defining and updating OPG applications. It renders graphical representations of OPG applications that closely correlate to actual OPG application structures. The graphical representations include symbols and structures that developers can manipulate with editing commands entered via a keyboard, computer mouse or other input device. One example of an AES implementation is the Web-based client–server application, PointDragon. 
The Application Editor System is implemented with the Model View Controller structure. It interfaces with the OPG-DGI via the OPGAPI. 
Object Process Graph Application Program Interface.
The Object Process Graph Application Program Interface (OPGAPI) is a standard set of functions and associated parameters implemented by an OPG Translator. It is composed of OPG and DGI components that enable non-OPG applications, such as, the Application Editor System, to interact with an OPG application. It includes functions for starting, stopping, defining and modifying OPG applications. It also includes functions for inputting data to OPG applications and reporting their outputs.

</doc>
<doc id="19986807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986807" title="Nawaf Al Khaldi">
Nawaf Al Khaldi

Nawaf Khaled Al Khaldi () (born 15 May 1981) is a Kuwaiti footballer who plays for Al-Qadsia.
Al Khaldi has made several appearances for the Kuwait national football team, including three qualifying matches for the 2010 FIFA World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="19986812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986812" title="Jyoti swarupini">
Jyoti swarupini

Jyoti swarupini (pronounced jyōti swarūpini) is a rāgam in Carnatic music (musical scale of South Indian classical music). It is the 68th "Melakarta" rāgam in the 72 "melakarta" rāgam system of Carnatic music. It is the "prati madhyamam" equivalent of "Ragavardhini", which is the 32nd "melakarta". It is called Jyōtirāga or Joti or Jyōti in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music.
Structure and Lakshana.
It is the 2nd rāgam in the 12th "chakra Aditya". The mnemonic name for this rāgam is "Aditya-Sri". The mnemonic phrase is "sa ru gu mi pa dha ni". Its ascending and descending scale ("" structure) is as follows:
See "swaras" in Carnatic music for details on above notation. The notes used are "shatsruthi rishabham, antara gandharam, prati madhyamam, shuddha dhaivatham, kaisiki nishadham".
"Jyotiswarupini", being a "melakarta" rāgam, by definition is a "sampoorna" rāgam (it has all seven notes in ascending and descending scale).
"Janya" rāgams.
A few minor "janya" rāgams (derived scales) are associated with "Jyotiswarupini". See List of "janya" rāgams for full list of "janya" rāgams associated with this and other "melakarta" rāgams.
Compositions.
Here are a few compositions set to this parent musical scale.
Related rāgams.
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this rāgam.
"Jyotiswarupini's" notes when shifted using "Graha bhedam" does not yield any other "melakarta" rāgam. "Graha bhedam" is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same, while shifting the "shadjam" to the next note in the rāgam.

</doc>
<doc id="19986814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986814" title="Miguel Klee">
Miguel Klee

Miguel Ángel Klee Orellana (born 19 February 1977) is a Guatemalan professional football goalkeeper who plays for CD Suchitepéquez in the Liga Nacional de Guatemala.
He is also a former member of the Guatemalan national team.
Club career.
A rather short goalkeeper, Klee began his career with Cobán Imperial in 2003, and after one season with Deportivo Marquense, he joined Xelajú for the Apertura 2008-09 tournament. In 2009 he moved to Suchitepequez.
International career.
Klee has made 21 appearances for the full Guatemala national football team, his debut coming in a friendly against El Salvador on March 31, 2004. He represented his country in 7 FIFA World Cup qualification matches. and was selected as a reserve goalkeeper for the 2005 CONCACAF Gold Cup.
His final international was an October 2005 World Cup qualification match against Costa Rica.

</doc>
<doc id="19986819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986819" title="Syrian Scientific Technical Amateur Radio Society">
Syrian Scientific Technical Amateur Radio Society

The Syrian Scientific Technical Amateur Radio Society (SSTARS) is a national non-profit organization for amateur radio enthusiasts in Syria. The organization was founded in 1947 as the Technical Institute of Radio by a group of amateur radio enthusiasts in Damascus. Rashid Jalal YK1AA served as the organization president from 1947 until 1983. The organization formally incorporated under its new name in 2005.
Key membership benefits of the SSTARS include a QSL bureau for those amateur radio operators in regular communications with other amateur radio operators in foreign countries, and a network to support amateur radio emergency communications. SSTARS represents the interests of Syrian amateur radio operators before Syrian and international regulatory authorities. SSTARS is the national member society representing Syria in the International Amateur Radio Union.

</doc>
<doc id="19986828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986828" title="Miroslav Milošević">
Miroslav Milošević

Miroslav Milošević may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19986847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986847" title="Westwood Heights Schools">
Westwood Heights Schools

Westwood Heights School District is a public school district in Genesee County in the U.S. state of Michigan and in the Genesee Intermediate School District.
High school.
Hamady High School is a public high school in the Westwood Heights School District in Mount Morris Township, just outside of Flint, Michigan.
Elementary school.
Colonel Donald McMonagle Elementary is a public high school in the Westwood Heights School District in Mount Morris Township, just outside of Flint, Michigan. It was previously "Westwood Elementary". In 2007, "Westwood Elementary" was renovated and merged with "Hamady Elementary" to form one elementary school. The newly renovated elementary school was named after a former graduate of Westwood Heights Schools. Colonel Donald McMonagle graduated from Hamady High School in 1970. He became a NASA astronaut in June 1987.
Athletics.
The official mascot of Hamady High School is the hawk. The school colors are blue and white. Hamady is considered a class C school according to the Michigan High School Athletics Association. In 2009, the girls basketball team won the MHSAA Class C Championship, and also won another in 2010.
The Varsity Coach of the Hamady Hawks has been Archie (also spelled Archy) Robinson, who was a 13th Round Draft pick in 1972 for the Miami Dolphins. He teaches at Hamady as well.

</doc>
<doc id="19986851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986851" title="Denmark–Estonia relations">
Denmark–Estonia relations

Denmark–Estonia relations are foreign relations between Denmark and Estonia. Denmark has an embassy in Tallinn, Estonia has an embassy in Hellerup. Both countries are members of EU, NATO and the Council of the Baltic Sea States.
Denmark has been the largest provider of bilateral assistance to Estonia. From 1992-2003, Denmark supported Estonia with a total of 147 million EUR.
History.
Danish Estonia.
Danish Estonia refers to the territories of present-day Estonia that were ruled by Denmark firstly during the 13th–14th centuries and again in the 16th–17th centuries.Denmark rose as a great military and mercantile power in the 12th century. It had an interest to end the occasional Estonian and Couronian pirate attacks that threatened its Baltic trade. Danish fleets attacked Estonia in 1170, 1194, and 1197. In 1206, King Valdemar II and archbishop Andreas Sunonis led a raid on Ösel island, Saaremaa. The Kings of Denmark laid a claim on Estonia as their possession, which was recognised by the pope. In 1219 the Danish fleet landed in the major harbor of Estonia and defeated the Estonians in the Battle of Lyndanisse that brought Northern Estonia under Danish reign until the Estonian uprising in 1343, when the territories were taken over by the Teutonic Order and sold by Denmark in 1346.
Modern Estonia.
Denmark recognised Estonia's independence in 1921. On 18 December 1926, both counties established a conciliation commission. On 13 May 1930, an agreement on reciprocity was signed. After Estonia's independence in 1991, Denmark was the second country to reestablish diplomatic relations with Estonia on 24 August 1991. In 1994, a defence cooperation agreement was signed. In 1993, Denmark signed an agreement on abolition of visa requirements with Estonia. Denmark was the first country to ratify the Treaty of Accession 2003.
Tourism.
12,036 Danish tourists visited Estonia in 2009.
Visits.
From 2002 to 2009, Anders Fogh Rasmussen visited Estonia five times. Queen Margrethe II of Denmark visited Estonia in July 2001, and Foreign Minister Per Stig Møller visited Estonia in August 2009.
Danish Minister for Trade and Investment Pia Olsen Dyhr visited Estonia on 14-15, May 2013 to promote commercial cooperation between Denmark and the Baltic country, in May 2013, and Denmark's Minister for European Affairs Nicolai Wammen visited Estonia on 30-31 May 2013 in the frames of a tour in the Baltic States.

</doc>
<doc id="19986877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986877" title="Kim Barlow">
Kim Barlow

Kim Barlow is a Canadian folk music singer-songwriter, based in Whitehorse, Yukon.
Biography.
Born in Montreal on March 10, 1969, and raised in rural Nova Scotia, she studied classical guitar at Florida State University before moving to the Yukon.
Music career.
Kim Barlow has released three albums on the independent record label Caribou Records (Yukon) in Whitehorse and one on Jericho Beach Music out of Vancouver. Her most recent album "Saplings" (2010) was produced in collaboration with Jean Martin of Barnyard Records in Toronto, and Bob Hamilton at Old Crow Recording in Whitehorse.
She has toured across Canada and internationally, both as a solo artist and as part of the collaborative Pan Canadian New Folk Ensemble tour with Christine Fellows and Old Man Luedecke. She also frequently collaborates with Mathias Kom of The Burning Hell in the side project Spring Breakup.
Her second album, "Gingerbread", was a nominee for Roots and Traditional Album of the Year (Solo) at the Juno Awards of 2003. 
In 2009, she recorded a new song, "Dawson City", for CBC Radio 2's "Great Canadian Song Quest".

</doc>
<doc id="19986879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986879" title="Z Corporation">
Z Corporation

Z Corporation (commonly abbreviated Z Corp.) was acquired by 3D Systems on January 3, 2012. 
ZPrinting relates to the z axis which adds depth to the other 2 axes x,y as does 3D printing.
In 1995, a new 3D printing technology, ZPrinting, was developed at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. As in many other rapid prototyping processes, the part to be printed is built up from many thin cross sections of the 3D model. In ZPrinters, an inkjet-like printing head moves across a bed of powder, selectively depositing a liquid binding material in the shape of the section. A fresh layer of powder is spread across the top of the model, and the process is repeated. When the model is complete, unbound powder is automatically removed. Parts can be built on a ZPrinter at a rate of approximately 1 vertical inch per hour.
Color printing.
Zprinters can print parts in full color, by varying the color of the binding liquid applied by the printing head at any location. Color can be used to simulate the appearance of other materials (as in architectural models or product prototypes ), to highlight surface structures or add annotations to models (as in models used to plan surgeries ), or to display the results of structural analyses (such as finite element analysis) directly on the model surface. 
Recently, ZPrinters have been used to manufacture custom avatars and figurines from video games such as World of Warcraft in full color.

</doc>
<doc id="19986888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986888" title="Nicolò I Sommaripa, Lord of Paros, Tercier of Negroponte">
Nicolò I Sommaripa, Lord of Paros, Tercier of Negroponte

Nicolò I Sommaripa (died ca. 1505) was a Lord of Paros and a Tercier of Negroponte (Euboea).
Ancestry.
He was a son of Crusino I Sommaripa, Lord of Paros, and wife.
Marriage and issue.
He married in 1455 ... da Pesaro, daughter of Segondo da Pesaro and wife and paternal granddaughter of Maffeo da Pesaro and wife, and had a daughter Fiorenza Sommaripa, Lady of Paros, wife of Zuan Francesco Venier, Co-Lord of Cerigo.

</doc>
<doc id="19986895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986895" title="Just Visiting (band)">
Just Visiting (band)

In 1996, a couple of brothers from New York, Christopher and Owen Thomas, formed a Christian pop/rock group they named Just Visiting. Owen Thomas did the vocals, guitar, piano, and songwriting while Christopher Thomas added drums, percussion, and vocals. The band's guitar-based sound has been compared to that of groups like the Foo Fighters, Oasis, and even the Beatles. 
In 1996, Just Visiting decided to turn their music from a pastime into a career. The band began to tour persistently, performing at shows and festivals all over the United States. 
The group recorded their first album that same year, Gardenshow. In 1998, a second album was completed, Just Visiting; both albums were done on independent record labels. "She Never Walked Away," "Don't Ever Let Me See You Cry," and "Cast a Stone" are some of the tracks on the albums. 
In 1999, the band changed its name from Just Visiting to the Elms. A few months later, the group signed with Sparrow Records. A self-titled EP (using the new name), The Elms, was released in 2000. One of the tunes on the EP, "Lifeboat," made it as a Top 13 hit nationwide. Over the years, the Elms have performed with many other Christian groups, including the Waiting, Seven Day Jesus, the O.C. Supertones, Big Tent Revival, Sixpence None the Richer, and Delirious? Other members of the Elms have been bassist Jeff Sutton, who added his talents for over two years before leaving; guitarist Billy Riggs, who joined the band for the 1997 Gospel Music Association National Spotlight Competition; Malcolm McLaughlin, who left in 1999; guitarist James Thompson, who was with the group from 1997–2000; and Florida bass guitarist Matt Erickson, who joined in time to work with the Elms on a full-length album for Sparrow. That album was Big Surprise, a sweetly catchy affair that saw the group adding pop elements that had not previously come through in their sound. 
A 2002 tour with Peter Frampton and a new album, Truth, Soul, Rock & Roll, marked their next efforts. The group took a long hiatus from both touring and recording, returning in 2006 with Chess Hotel.

</doc>
<doc id="19986897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986897" title="Henan braised noodles">
Henan braised noodles

Henan braised noodles or Huimian (烩面, lit. "braised noodles") are a traditional Henan style of hand-pulled noodles dating back more than 800 years. 
Description.
The noodle made via a ball of wet wheat powder containing salt and oil. It is then pulled it into 2cm wide slices by hand.
History.
It is said that the first person who ate braised noodles was Li Shimin, the first emperor of the Tang Dynasty. When he was still just a poor soldier he became sick. It was a snowy and windy day and he had nothing to eat. He had no choice but to walk into a cottage and beg for some food. The hostess was very kind-hearted and prepared something immediately. However, her family was also very poor, so she made some wide noodles and boiled them in pure water. She put the boiled noodles out into a bowl and added some bone soup. Li Shimin liked the noodles very much. When he had finished, he was full of energy and didn't feel cold any more. After he became the emperor of the Tang Dynasty, he ordered his cooks to record the way those noodles had been made so the recipe could be passed to future generations.
Use in dishes.
Dishes with Henan braised noodles can be divided into three kinds: noodles with beef, noodles with mutton and noodles with seafood. Noodles with mutton is the most common variety. Ingredients can also include Chinese onion, a little kelp, and a little vermicelli made from starch.

</doc>
<doc id="19986901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986901" title="Meta-leadership">
Meta-leadership

Meta-leadership is an overarching leadership framework for strategically linking the efforts of different organizations or organizational units to “provide guidance, direction, and momentum across organizational lines that develop into a shared course of action and commonality of purpose among people and agencies that are doing what may appear to be very different work.” 
The framework was developed by Dr. Leonard J. Marcus and Dr. Barry Dorn of the National Preparedness Leadership Initiative (NPLI), a joint program of the Harvard School of Public Health and Harvard's John F. Kennedy School of Government, Colonel (Ret.) Dr. Isaac Ashkenazi formerly Surgeon General of the Israel Defense Forces Home Front Command and now a professor of international disaster management and the Director of Urban Terrorism Preparedness at the NPLI, and Joseph M. Henderson Chief of Staff at the Center for Disease Control and Prevention. It is “derived through observation and analysis of leaders in crisis circumstances” starting with the September 11 attacks in the U.S. It has subsequently been distilled for more general application.
The Difference Between Leadership and Meta-Leadership.
Meta-leadership incorporates insights from the research of Warren Bennis, Daniel Goleman, Ronald Heifetz, Robert Thomas, and others but is distinct in that it is focused on cross-cutting leadership that generates connectivity among disparate stakeholders. “Leadership refers to the recognized or expected span of authority that a person has in his or her formal role.” Meta-leadership is leadership employing influence over authority. “Meta-leaders…seek to influence and activate change well above and beyond established lines of their decision-making and control. These leaders are driven by a purpose broader than that prescribed by their formal roles, and are therefore motivated and capable of acting in ways that transcend usual organizational confines.”
The Five Dimensions of Meta-Leadership.
There are five dimensions of the meta-leadership framework:
The Person of the Meta-Leader.
This first component of meta-leadership requires self-awareness and self-regulation so that one is leading intentionally with balance, discipline, and direction. One looks at one's individual strengths, weaknesses, and biases with an emphasis on emotional intelligence.
The Situation.
The meta-leader must form an accurate picture of the situation to include the nature of the problem, the culture, the context, and what is occurring -- and articulate this to those involved.
Leading the Silo.
The leader must enable his or her individual silo to achieve maximum effectiveness. One does this by empowering those within and giving them the tools to become more effective.
Leading Up.
One must understand the expectations and priorities of one’s superiors and deliver against them appropriately. This may mean influencing that superior toward an appropriate solution or resolution of the situation.
Leading Connectivity.
One must be able to step out of their silo and effectively engage other silos -- either within one's own organization or in others -- in seeing the overall mission and working together to accomplish it.
Meta-Leadership in Practice.
Meta-leadership is particularly valuable in situations where the leader must rely on more influence than authority and where one must lead beyond traditional organizational boundaries. It is the core of the curriculum of the NPLI, a program for senior government leaders responsible for emergency preparedness and response. It has been widely adopted in public health agencies such as the Center for Disease Control and Prevention as well as by the United States Department of Homeland Security and the White House Homeland Security Council to best meet the leadership challenges of unexpected or fast-changing situations. 
Invited by the Federal Emergency Management Agency to look at government’s response to Hurricane Katrina, Marcus described the need for meta-leadership in any large-scale crisis, “Going forward, better communication and coordination among all levels of government, or ‘connectivity,’ will prove crucial. That means not just harnessing electronic technology to forge links among agencies, but also building relationships between people--transforming a culture that champions independent decision making into one that values cooperation.” 
“As we have observed adoption of meta-leadership across complex public and private organizational systems and networks, we note three important advantages: 1)A conceptual framework and vocabulary that describes intentional networking and cohesion to connect the purposes and work of different or even disparate stakeholders; 2) A strategy of action designed to advance coordinated planning and activity; and 3) A purpose and rallying cry for both leaders and followers that inspires, guides, and instructs, setting a higher standard and expectation for performance and impact.” 

</doc>
<doc id="19986924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986924" title="Amrutanjan">
Amrutanjan

Amrutanjan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19986941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986941" title="CD Laudio">
CD Laudio

Club Deportivo Laudio de Fútbol San Rokezar, known as Laudio, is a Spanish football team based in Laudio/Llodio, in the autonomous community of Basque Country. Founded on 2002 it plays in Segunda División B – Group 2, holding home matches at "Estadio Ellakuri", which has a capacity of 3.500 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="19986958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986958" title="Just Visiting">
Just Visiting

Just Visiting may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19986967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986967" title="Miroslav Milošević (footballer born 1975)">
Miroslav Milošević (footballer born 1975)

Miroslav Milošević (Serbian Cyrillic: Mиpocлaв Mилoшeвић ; born 2 July 1975 in Kruševac) is a Serbian footballer last playing for FK Kovačevac.

</doc>
<doc id="19986968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986968" title="Crusino I Sommaripa, Lord of Paros">
Crusino I Sommaripa, Lord of Paros

Crusino I Sommaripa (died 1462) was a Lord of Paros.
Ancestry.
He was a son of Gaspare Sommaripa, Lord of Paros, and wife Maria Sanudo, Lady of Andros. His sister Fiorenza Sommaripa married Giacomo I Crispo, eleventh Duke of the Archipelago.
Marriage and issue.
He married ... and had Domenico Sommaripa, Lord of Paros and Andros, and Nicolò I Sommaripa, Lord of Paros, Tercier of Negroponte.

</doc>
<doc id="19986969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986969" title="Rise and Resurrection of the American Programmer">
Rise and Resurrection of the American Programmer

Rise and Resurrection of the American Programmer is a book written by Edward Yourdon in 1996. It is the sequel to "Decline and Fall of the American Programmer". In the original, written at the beginning of the '90s, Yourdon warned American programmers that their business was not sustainable against foreign competition. By the middle of the decade Microsoft had released Windows 95, which marked a groundbreaking new direction for the operating system, the internet was beginning to rise as a serious consumer marketplace, and the Java software platform had made its first public release in the same year (1995).
Due to such large changes in the state of the software industry, Yourdon reversed some of his original predictions. Notably absent from the book is any significant consideration of the open source software movement, particularly the development of the Linux kernel and the GNU operating system, which would come to have increasing significance in the coming decade in shaping the software industry. Both the internet, Microsoft's business strategy, and Java, which all feature significantly in Yourdon's thesis, would come to be heavily influenced by this phenomenon.

</doc>
<doc id="19986982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986982" title="Vicki Goldberg">
Vicki Goldberg

Vicki Goldberg is an American photography critic, author, and photo historian.
Life.
Vicki Goldberg is a photography critic and author based in New Hampshire. She was born in St. Louis, Missouri and earned a Master's Degree in Art History from New York University Institute of Fine Arts. Goldberg has authored several books and articles on the subjects of photography and its social history. Over the course of her career, she has written for several notable publications such as "The New York Times" and "Vanity Fair". Goldberg's books include "The Power of Photography: How Photographs Changed Our Lives"; "Light Matters" (a selection of her essays); and "The White House: The President's Home in Photographs and History"; as well as editing the anthology "Photography in Print: Writings from 1816 to the Present". Her first biography, "Margaret Bourke-White", took an in-depth look at the life and techniques of Margaret Bourke-White, the famous photographer active in the early to mid-20th Century. This book and "The Power of Photography" were both included in the American Library Association's lists of best books of their respective years; "Photography in Print" was named by the Wall Street Journal as one of the five best of all books on photography in 2006. Goldberg has also co-written "A Nation of Strangers: Essays" written with Arthur Ollman and "American Photography: A Century of Images" written with art historian Robert Silberman, plus introductions to a number of photographic monographs. She has lectured in Belgium, England, France, China, Korea, Norway and Portugal as well as America.
Goldberg currently resides in New Hampshire and works as a freelance writer and lecturer.

</doc>
<doc id="19986983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19986983" title="The River (Garth Brooks song)">
The River (Garth Brooks song)

"The River" is the title of a song co-written and recorded by American country music singer Garth Brooks. It was released in April 1992 as the fifth and final single from his album "Ropin' the Wind", and in late 1991 it became his ninth Number One hit on the "Billboard" country charts. The song was written by Brooks and Victoria Shaw.
Content.
The song is a mid-tempo country pop ballad in which a river is used as a comparison to one's dreams. Through the lyric, the narrator says that he will continue to pursue his dreams.
Background and production.
Garth provided the following background information on the song in the CD booklet liner notes from "The Hits": 
""Of all songs, most of the letters I receive concern "The River." It is a song of inspiration... a song that I will be proud of a hundred years from now. Victoria Shaw is a wonderful writer and a wonderful friend. And this is what happens when two dreamers get together and write from the heart. One of the greatest awards that this song has ever received was the fact that it was played at Dale Wehr's funeral. Quite an honor, cowboy.""
Additional personnel on the song included Kenny Malon on percussion, Edgar Meyer on bass, and Trisha Yearwood on harmony vocals.
Critical reception.
Allmusic critic Stephen Thomas Erlewine described the song as an "ambitious epic". "Entertainment Weekly" critic Ken Tucker considered it a standout track on the album, saying it "showcase…his ability to imbue baleful country ballads with complex, soulful emotions."

</doc>
<doc id="19987038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987038" title="Jacek Zieliński">
Jacek Zieliński

Jacek Zieliński may refer to two Polish football coaches:

</doc>
<doc id="19987041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987041" title="Folded leaflet">
Folded leaflet

Leaflets that are folded are usually used for advertising or marketing purposes, or for information supplementary to labels. There are many types of folds; only the most popular types are listed here. Although it is difficult to put a date on when some of these folds were first used, it is evident that their popularity boomed when the first mass production printers were introduced.
Parallel fold.
Different kinds of parallel folds are Concertina folds, Letter Folds and Gate Folds.
Concertina fold.
A concertina fold, also known as a zig-zag fold, accordion fold or z-fold, is a continuous parallel folding of brochures and similar printed material in an accordion-like fashion, that is with folds alternatively made to the front and back in zig-zag folds. Because they do not nest (as in Letter Folds) panels can be the same size. Seen from above, concertina folds resemble a Z or M or series of zigs and zags.
In bookbinding a "leporello binding" has its pages concertina-folded, as above, but also has front and back boards so that it can be handled like a normal book. Sometimes there is a spine too, which provides a normal page-turning experience while eliminating the gutter of normal bookbinding.
Letter fold.
Folding pattern in which the folds are parallel and in the same direction, so that a kind of spiral is produced. The letter fold is a parallel fold. Two or more panels of the same width of the folded signature are folded around one panel. When the signature is folded twice, there are three panels on each side (six pages); with a tri-fold, the result is four panels on each side (eight pages). To allow proper nesting of panels that fold in, inside panels are usually 1/32" to 1/8" smaller than outer panels with the inside end panel being the smallest. 
Also known as a Spiral Fold, Tri Fold, Brochure Fold, Business Letter, C Fold, Roll Fold and Barrel Fold.
Gate fold.
Also known as a Window Fold.
French fold.
Takes a concertina fold, folded in half down the middle to create 8 individual sections.
Double parallel fold.
In double parallel folds the paper is folded in half and then folded in half again with a fold parallel to the first fold. To allow for proper nesting the two inside folded panels are 1/32" to 1/8" smaller than the two outer panels.
Double gate fold.
In double gatefolds there are three parallel folds. The left and right edges of the paper fold and meet in the middle, without overlapping, along a center fold. The outer panels (the ones that fold in to the middle) are usually 1/32" to 1/8" smaller than the inner panels (the ones covered by the panels that fold in) to allow for proper folding and nesting.

</doc>
<doc id="19987046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987046" title="Dhatuvardani">
Dhatuvardani

Dhatuvardani (pronounced Dhātuvardani) is a rāgam in Carnatic music (musical scale of South Indian classical music). "Dhatuvardani" is the 69th "Melakarta" rāgam in the 72 "melakarta" rāgam system of Carnatic music. It is called Dhautapanchamam in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music.
Structure and Lakshana.
"Dhatuvardani" is the 3rd rāgam in the 12th "chakra Aditya". The mnemonic name is "Aditya-Go". The mnemonic phrase is "sa ru gu mi pa dha nu". "Dhatuvardani's" structure (ascending and descending scale) is as follows (see "swaras in Carnatic music" for details on below notation and terms):
The notes used in this scale are "shatsruthi rishabham, antara gandharam, prati madhyamam, shuddha dhaivatham" and "kakali nishadham".
As "Dhatuvardani" is a "melakarta" rāgam, by definition it is a "sampurna" rāgam (it has all 7 notes in ascending and descending scale). It is the "prati madhyamam" equivalent of "Gangeyabhushani", which is the 33rd "melakarta".
"Janya" rāgams.
A few minor "janya" rāgams (derived scales) are associated with "Dhatuvardani". See "List of Janya Rāgams" for full list of rāgams associated with "Dhatuvardani" and other 71 "melakarta" rāgams.
Compositions.
A few common compositions set to "Dhatuvardani" are:
Related rāgams.
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this rāgam.
"Dhatuvardani's" notes when shifted using "Graha bhedam", yields "Gayakapriya", a minor "melakarta" rāgam. "Graha bhedam" is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same, while shifting the "shadjam" to the next note in the rāgam. For further details and an illustration refer "Graha bhedam on Gayakapriya".

</doc>
<doc id="19987058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987058" title="List of highways numbered 3B">
List of highways numbered 3B

The following highways are numbered 3B:

</doc>
<doc id="19987064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987064" title="List of windmills in Hampshire and the Isle of Wight">
List of windmills in Hampshire and the Isle of Wight

A list of all windmills and windmill sites which lie in the current ceremonial counties of Hampshire and the Isle of Wight.
Sources.
Unless stated otherwise, the source for all entries is:-
Notes.
Mills in bold are still standing, known building dates are indicated in bold. Text in "italics" denotes indicates that the information is not confirmed, but is likely to be the case stated.

</doc>
<doc id="19987067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987067" title="Bickershaw">
Bickershaw

Bickershaw is a village, effectively a suburb of Abram, within the Metropolitan Borough of Wigan, in Greater Manchester, England. Bickershaw is 3 miles (4.8 km) south-southeast of Wigan.
Bickershaw was home to the Bickershaw Festival in 1972.
Today the village is the location of HMP Hindley, a juvenile prison and Young Offenders Institution serving the Greater Manchester area.

</doc>
<doc id="19987069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987069" title="Delfi-n3Xt">
Delfi-n3Xt

Delfi-n3Xt is a Dutch nanosatellite which will be operated by Delft University of Technology. It was launched on 21 November 2013. It is a three-unit CubeSat which will be used to demonstrate propulsion and communications systems for future missions.
Delfi-n3Xt was launched successfully by a Dnepr-1 carrier rocket flying from Site 370/13 at the Dombarovsky launch site. Delfi was a secondary payload aboard the rocket, whose primary mission was to deploy DubaiSat 2 and STSAT-3. Delfi was one of 25 secondary payloads aboard the rocket, for a total of 32 satellites; the most deployed by a single rocket
The Delfi team made contact with the satellite during its first pass.

</doc>
<doc id="19987086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987086" title="2008 Governor General's Awards">
2008 Governor General's Awards

The shortlisted nominees for the 2008 Governor General's Awards for Literary Merit were announced on October 21, and winning titles were announced on November 18. Each winner received a cheque for $25,000 and a copy of their book bound by Montreal bookbinder Lise Dubois.
Controversy.
The Canada Council for the Arts, the award program's administrator, faced some criticism around its nomination of the graphic novel "Skim" in the Children's Literature category. The nomination was credited to Mariko Tamaki, who wrote the graphic novel's text, but not to her cousin and co-creator Jillian Tamaki, who drew the illustrations.
Two prominent Canadian graphic novelists, Seth and Chester Brown, circulated an open letter to the Canada Council asking them to revise the nomination, arguing that unlike a more traditional illustrated book, a graphic novel's text and illustration are inseparable parts of the work's narrative, and that both women should accordingly be credited as equal co-authors. Their letter was also endorsed by other prominent Canadian and American graphic novelists, including Lynda Barry, Dan Clowes, Art Spiegelman, Chris Ware and Julie Doucet, as well as by Chris Oliveros of Canadian comic and graphic novel publisher Drawn & Quarterly and Peter Birkemore of Toronto comic store The Beguiling.
Melanie Rutledge, a spokesperson for the Canada Council, responded that it was too late to revise the nominations for the 2008 awards, but that the council would take the feedback into account in the future.
The Canada Council later faced controversy over its selection of Jacob Scheier's "More to Keep Us Warm". Di Brandt, one of the poetry award's jurors, was credited by Scheier as a friend and mentor in the book's creation, resulting in debate over whether Brandt should have recused herself from the judging panel.

</doc>
<doc id="19987101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987101" title="Herman Reich">
Herman Reich

Herman Charles Reich (November 23, 1917 – October 22, 2009) was an American first baseman/right fielder in Major League Baseball who played for three different teams during the season. Listed at , , Reich batted right-handed and threw left-handed. A native of Bell, California, he attended Loyola Marymount University.
Biography.
Reich has the rare distinction of being part of three different transactions in his only major league season. He appeared in three games with the Cleveland Indians (1) and Washington Senators (2) before joining the Chicago Cubs, all during a period of 48 days. He became the regular first baseman for the Cubs and also was among the team's nine right fielders. Before the 1950 season, he was sold by the Cubs to the Chicago White Sox but did not play for them.
In one season career, Reich was a .279 hitter (108-for-286) with three home runs and 34 RBI in 111 games, including 43 runs, 18 doubles, two triples, four stolen bases, and a .306 on-base percentage.
Following his brief stint in major leagues, Reich resumed his career in the minors and also managed the 1961 Idaho Falls Russets of the Pioneer League.

</doc>
<doc id="19987121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987121" title="John Lodwick">
John Lodwick

John Alan Patrick Lodwick (2 March 1916 – 18 March 1959) was a British novelist.
Life.
Son of a father in the Indian Army, who died in the sinking of the SS Persia just before his son's birth, Lodwick attended Cheltenham College and the Royal Naval Academy at Dartmouth. He spent some time working as a journalist in Dublin before moving to France. He later recalled writing several unpublished novels during this period, but in a contrasting account stated that he wrote only plays. He joined the French Foreign Legion at the outbreak of the World War II, and was awarded the Croix de Guerre in 1940. His prize-winning first novel, which he began to write while stranded in Vichy France, "Running to Paradise", is a fictionalised account of combat with the Legion and experiences as a prisoner of war. Subsequently he served as an officer in the Special Operations Executive, parachuting behind enemy lines to work undercover as a saboteur, and, in the rank of Captain, served with the Special Boat Service on raids in the Mediterranean and the Aegean. He was mentioned in despatches in 1945.
In addition to novels, he also published two volumes of autobiography, the second left incomplete at the time of his death in a car accident in Spain. Some of his books reflect his war experiences, including his exploits as an officer in the Special Boat Service. He also wrote thrillers which analyse the psychological and spiritual motivations of their protagonists.
Critical reception.
The novels were admired by the author Somerset Maugham. A few years after Lodwick's death, Anthony Burgess wrote: "He is not afraid of rhetoric, grandiloquence; his knowledge of foreign literature is wide; his mastery of the English language matches Evelyn Waugh's." He warned, nevertheless, that because of his early death he was "in danger of being neglected", and indeed D. J. Taylor has written that in the post-war years Lodwick's "doomy romanticism sat queerly alongside the comic realism of a Waterhouse or an Amis: Lodwick's reputation did not survive the 1960s." He has been described as an "odd-man-out" among his literary contemporaries, and credited with a "picaresque and romantic" imagination.

</doc>
<doc id="19987134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987134" title="St Martin's Church, Stamford">
St Martin's Church, Stamford

St Martin's Church, Stamford, is a parish church in the Church of England located in Stamford, Lincolnshire, England. The area of the town south of the River Welland was in Northamptonshire until 1889 and is called Stamford Baron or St Martin's.
History.
St Martin's Church was founded by the 12th century. It was entirely rebuilt in the Perpendicular style in the 15th century.
The North Chapel houses the tombs of the Cecil family, including monuments to William Cecil, first Lord Burghley, and John Cecil, 5th Earl of Exeter.
The church was restored over the course of the nineteenth century, with a new nave roof, lowered floor, extended Burghley Chapel, as well as new oak pews, pulpit, bells and organ.
The majority of the mediaeval coloured glass was bought by the Earl of Exeter from the Church of the Holy Trinity at Tattershall in 1754. 
Properly it is the Church of St Martin Without, Stamford Baron.
Organ.
The church has an organ by Bevington dating from 1880. A specification of the organ can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register.

</doc>
<doc id="19987138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987138" title="Great Piece of Turf">
Great Piece of Turf

The Great Piece of Turf () is a watercolor painting by Albrecht Dürer. The painting was created at Dürer's workshop in Nuremberg in 1503. It is a study of a seemingly random group of wild plants, including dandelion and greater plantain. The work is considered one of the masterpieces of Dürer's realistic nature studies.
Background.
In 1495 Dürer returned from his "wanderjahre "in Italy and settled in Nuremberg, where he opened a workshop. Dürer was only twenty-four years old at the time, but his workshop soon gained a great reputation for the high quality of his work. In 1500 he produced what is perhaps his most famous work, his Christ-like "". At the same time he was also creating smaller-scale works that were more focused on the study of nature, such as the "Great Piece of Turf", which he painted in 1503, and the "Young Hare" from the year before.
Description.
The watercolour shows a large piece of turf and little else. The various growths can be identified as cock's-foot, creeping bent, smooth meadow-grass, daisy, dandelion, germander speedwell, greater plantain, hound's-tongue and yarrow.
The painting shows a great level of realism in its portrayal of natural objects. Some of the roots have been stripped of earth to be displayed clearly to the spectator. The depiction of roots is something that can also be found in other of Dürer's works, such as "Knight, Death, and the Devil" (1513). The vegetation comes to an end on the right side of the panel, while on the left it seems to continue on indefinitely. The background is left blank, and on the right can even be seen a clear line where the vegetation ends.
Scholarly assessment.
The humanist scholar Conrad Celtes compared Dürer's work to the literary work of the medieval philosopher and scientist Albertus Magnus. Like Magnus, Dürer based his work on the observation of nature. Along with the "Wild Hare", the "Great Piece of Turf" had been called one of the masterpieces of this part of Dürer's work.
The composition shows little order and arrangement, the various roots, stems and flowers seem to be in opposition to each other. The apparent chaos, combined with the attentive detail of each individual plant, lends the painting greater realism. Though the composition of vegetation in itself is continuous and seemingly disorganised, the blank background provides a contrast to the chaos, and imposes a sense of order.
Though this work has been highly valued by later art historians, a realistic representation of nature was not a goal in itself for Dürer, but simply a tool for better conveying the sacred messages of his greater works. The "Great Piece of Turf" was primarily a study that would help him in the development of his art. The results can be seen both in his paintings, and in his highly detailed engravings, such as "Adam and Eve" from 1504.

</doc>
<doc id="19987140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987140" title="List of highways numbered 3C">
List of highways numbered 3C

The following highways are numbered 3C:

</doc>
<doc id="19987145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987145" title="Bobs Watson">
Bobs Watson

Robert B. "Bobs" Watson (November 11, 1930 – June 27, 1999) was an American actor and a Methodist minister. He died of prostate cancer in 1999 at Laguna Beach, California.
Biography.
He was a member of the Watson Family, famous in the early days of Hollywood as being a houseful of child actors. Brother to Coy Watson, Jr., Harry, Billy, Delmar, Garry, Vivian, Gloria, and Louise, all of whom acted in motion pictures.
The family, known as "the first family of Hollywood", lived by the Echo Park area of Los Angeles and Bobs attended nearby Belmont High School.
They were honored by the Hollywood Chamber of Commerce by placing the Watson family star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame, at 6674 Hollywood Blvd., Hollywood, California.
Child actor.
Watson was best known for his role as "Pee Wee" in the 1938 film "Boys Town" with Spencer Tracy. They became such good friends doing the movie that Watson was reportedly Tracy's last visitor before his death. Watson also had parts in many television shows, including "The Twilight Zone", "Lou Grant", "The Beverly Hillbillies", "Green Acres", and "The Fugitive".
Career.
In addition to working in the motion pictures business, Watson went to Claremont School of Theology to become a Methodist minister, inspired from the movie "Boys Town". He retired after 30 years of serving in Burbank and La Canada, California.

</doc>
<doc id="19987152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987152" title="Buick Standard Coach">
Buick Standard Coach

The Buick Standard Coach (25-6-20) was manufactured by the Buick Motor Company of Detroit, Michigan.
Buick Standard Coach specifications (1926 data).
Standard equipment.
New car price included the following items:
Optional equipment.
The following was available at an extra cost:
Prices.
New car prices were F.O.B. factory, plus Tax:
References.
Source: 

</doc>
<doc id="19987177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987177" title="List of highways numbered 3G">
List of highways numbered 3G

The following highways are numbered 3G:

</doc>
<doc id="19987194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987194" title="Chapelton, South Lanarkshire">
Chapelton, South Lanarkshire

Chapelton is a small village in South Lanarkshire, Scotland. The village is located approximately halfway between the towns of East Kilbride and Strathaven, on the A726. It resides in the former Parish of Glassford, which takes its name from the nearby village of the same name.
History.
In 1854, an archaeological visit to the village indicated that there seemed to have been a chapel on the banks of Chapelton, but no remains of buildings were seen at the spot indicated, except for a font which was dug up there many years previous. Nearby was the chapel well which has since been filled in. The site is known only by tradition. 
However, more recent excavations have failed to find any remains of this chapel, the site of which is in a cultivated field and is crossed by a cart track. Stones forming the field boundary show no signs of having been worked.
Governence.
Chapelton is represented by the SNP MSP Linda Fabiani in the Scottish Parliament as part of the East Kilbride constituency. Within the Westminster parliament, Labour politician Michael McCann represents the areas in the East Kilbride, Strathaven and Lesmahagow constituency.
Recent Events.
In autumn 2009, there was controversy as one of the village's few amenities, its post office, closed. The postmistress, Jean Craig, retired after 19 years of service. There was particular worry about people having to collect their pension from Strathaven as there is only an hourly bus service through the village, resulting in a two hour journey at the least if travelling by public transport.
One of the biggest developments in recent years is that of Broadlees Golf. Originally, Robert and Barbara Anderson, farmers who had land on the outskirts of Chapelton, decided to construct a 12 bay driving range on the land. In 2005, this was followed by a cafe and on 17 May 2009 with a nine-hole golf course. However, planning permission was given by South Lanarkshire Council in 2011 for the family to develop two 4G five-a-side football pitches, an outdoor adventure area, associated gym/dance studio/hall and clubhouse. They have also been given the go-ahead to erect two 30 metre high wind turbines on their land. In addition, there will be a further par-three, nine-hole course to the north of the existing car park which will designed specifically with junior golfers in mind and will provide an additional golf training facility in addition to the facilities already offered.
Education.
The village hosts Chapelton primary school, a co-educational, non-denominational primary school, which has been recently modernised under the extensive modernisation programme by South Lanarkshire Council. The new school opened its doors on 12 November 2010. The school has a small school roll of only 35 due to the small population of Chapelton and surrounding area.
The current Headteacher is Linda Callender, who is supported by a number of staff.
Mission Statement.
"Chapelton Primary School aims to provide quality teaching and learning for all our pupils, delivering a Curriculum for Excellence for the development of the whole child in a safe, happy, caring and stimulating environment in order to ensure, successful learners, confident individuals, responsible citizens and effective contributors within our school and our local community."
Religion.
The only religious body now represented in the village is the Church of Scotland, a Christian denomination. Chapelton hosts the impressive building of Chapelton Parish Church, a congregation which is linked with Strathaven: Rankin Parish Church. The current minister, since 29 August 1991, is the Rev Shaw J Paterson. The church building is constructed primarily from sandstone with a slate roof.
By the 1950s the Hamilton Presbytery of the Church of Scotland intended to re-adjust Strathaven: Rankin and had restricted Chapelton's Ministry. Readjustment within Strathaven foundered and in 1957 the Reverend John Heron was elected to be Minister at Rankin Parish Church. Subsequently when Chapelton became vacant, discussions opened concerning a linkage between Chapelton and Rankin. Both Congregations readily agreed and the Service of Linkage was held in Chapelton on Wednesday 15 June 1960, when Mr Heron was inducted as Minister of the Linked Charge. That spirit of agreement and working together has been evident ever since. Today both Churches have fine modernised Church buildings and halls and active Congregations, with a total membership roll approaching 800.
Former Faith Groups.
Formally there has been a Free Church of Scotland and an Evangelical Church in the village. The former Evangelical Church building on the outskirts of Chapelton was granted an application to turn it into a house and to build an extension.

</doc>
<doc id="19987196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987196" title="Grigory Grigoryevich Orlov">
Grigory Grigoryevich Orlov

Count Grigory Grigoryevich Orlov (1734–1783) was the lover of Empress Catherine the Great of Russia who fathered two of her children.
He was the son of Gregory Orlov, governor of Great Novgorod. He was educated in the corps of cadets at St Petersburg, began his military career in the Seven Years' War, and was wounded at Zorndorf. While serving in the capital as an artillery officer he caught the fancy of the then Grand Duchess Catherine Alekseyevna, and was the leader of the conspiracy which resulted in the dethronement and death of her husband, Emperor Peter III (1762).
After the event, Empress Catherine raised him to the rank of count and made him adjutant-general, director-general of engineers and general-in-chief. They had two illegitimate children, Yelizaveta and Aleksey, who were born in 1761 and 1762 respectively. The son was named after the village of Bobriki where he lived; from him descends the line of Counts Bobrinsky. Orlov's influence became paramount after the discovery of the Khitrovo plot to murder the whole Orlov family. At one time the Empress thought of marrying her favorite, but the plan was frustrated by her influential advisor Nikita Panin. 
Orlov was no statesman, but he had a quick wit, a fairly accurate appreciation of current events, and was a useful and sympathetic counsellor during the earlier portion of Catherine's reign. He entered with enthusiasm, both from patriotic and from economical motives, into the question of the improvement of the condition of the serfs and their partial emancipation. As the President of the Free Economic Society, he was also their most prominent advocate in the great commission of 1767, though he aimed primarily at pleasing the empress, who affected great liberality in her earlier years. 
He was one of the earliest propagandists of the Slavophile idea of the emancipation of the Christians from Ottoman rule. In the year of 1771 he was sent as first Russian plenipotentiary to the peace congress of Focşani; but he failed in his mission, owing partly to the obstinacy of the Ottomans, and partly (according to Panin) to his own outrageous insolence. On returning without permission to his Marble Palace at St Petersburg, he found himself superseded in the empress's favor by the younger Potemkin. 
In order to rekindle Catherine's affection, Grigory presented to her one of the greater diamonds of the world, known ever since as the Orlov Diamond. When Grigory Potemkin, in 1771, superseded Vasil'chikov, Orlov became of no account at court and went abroad for some years. He returned to Russia a few months previously to his death, which took place at Moscow in 1783. For some time before his death he was out of his mind. Late in life he married his niece, Madame Zinovyeva, but left no children by that marriage.

</doc>
<doc id="19987204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987204" title="One Outs">
One Outs

Plot.
The Lycaons is the weakest team in the "Paradice" league. Hiromichi Kojima, the Lycaons' star batter, heads to a training camp in Okinawa to bring himself out of a slump and try for his last attempt at a championship. While looking for a practice pitcher for Kojima, a few players get themselves into trouble by participating in the "One Outs" game, where a pitcher duels with a batter with money on the line. The next day, Kojima arrives to avenge his teammates and meets Toa Tokuchi, who defeats Kojima easily and causes him to enter seclusion to re-evaluate himself as a professional player. Later, Tokuchi accepts a rematch because Kojima raised the stakes by betting his professional career to prevent Tokuchi from gambling with baseball again by taking his dominant right arm. This time, Tokuchi experiences his very first loss and offers Kojima his right arm to have it broken with a bat. Instead, Kojima tells him he never intended to break it, and asks Tokuchi to join the Lycaons and use his unique pitching ability to take the Lycaons to the championships. Soon, Tokuchi meets Saikawa, the greedy owner of the Lycaons who only cares about the team making a profit. When Saikawa easily gets the upper hand in the salary negotiation, Tokuchi offers an unusual proposal. He proposes the 'One Outs contract', an illegal performance-based pay where he gets 5,000,000 yen for every out he pitches, but loses 50,000,000 yen for every run he gives up.
Later on in the baseball season, it is revealed that even the "One Outs contract" was done for the benefit of the team as Saikawa had no plans to keep the Lycaons and set up a deal to sell the team to the Tronpos company. Knowing this, Tokuchi formed an alliance with Tronpos and provided financial intel on Saikawa in exchange for financial backing. With this intel, Tronpos is able to make sure they are able to purchase the Lycaons as cheaply as possible by spreading rumors to dissuade other corporations from bidding. Unfortunately for the Lycaons, Tronpos also has no plans on proceeding with the current lineup and will replace all players after purchasing them. The Tronpos chairman made a mistake by believing Tokuchi to be his supporter and told Tokuchi his intended bid, to which Tokuchi responded with a last minute counter-offer.
For triple the bid, Tokuchi becomes the new owner of the Lycaons. Though there is heavy dissent in the team due to his dubious nature, Tokuchi starts to implement a wide variety of changes, most notably the L-Ticket. It is the old admission ticket with a new 1.5x admission fee, but with the promise of a full refund if the Lycaons loses the game. Additionally, the spectators can make up to 5 votes for the MVP on the ticket, which will directly influence the new player salaries by paying 200 yen per vote. Though the Lycaons are in chaos with the new changes, the team slowly realizes that these changes are what the team needs in order to become strong enough to win the championship.
Characters.
Other characters.
Dennis Johnson
The Chiba Mariners

</doc>
<doc id="19987205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987205" title="Bill Van Gundy">
Bill Van Gundy

Bill Van Gundy is a former American college basketball coach, most notable for being the father of Jeff Van Gundy and Stan Van Gundy, both of whom have served as head coaches in the National Basketball Association. Among other jobs, Bill Van Gundy held the position of head coach at Brockport State University and Genesee Community College.
External links.
Bill Van Gundy also coaches at the Texas Prep Basketball Camps in the Summer.

</doc>
<doc id="19987208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987208" title="List of United States Coast Guard four-star admirals">
List of United States Coast Guard four-star admirals

This is a complete list of four-star admirals in the United States Coast Guard. The rank of admiral (or "full admiral", or "four-star admiral") is the highest rank in the U.S. Coast Guard. It ranks above vice admiral ("three-star admiral").
There have been 16 four-star admirals in the history of the U.S. Coast Guard. Of these, 15 achieved that rank while on active duty and one was promoted upon retirement in recognition of combat citations. All were commissioned via the United States Coast Guard Academy or its predecessor, the School of Instruction of the United States Revenue Cutter Service.
List of admirals.
The following list of four-star admirals is sortable by last name, date of rank, number of years on active duty at four-star rank (Yrs), year commissioned and source of commission, and number of years in commission when promoted to four-star rank (YC).
Tombstone admirals.
The Act of Congress of March 4, 1925, allowed officers in the Navy, Marine Corps, and Coast Guard to be promoted one grade upon retirement if they had been specially commended for performance of duty in actual combat. Combat citation promotions were colloquially known as "tombstone promotions" because they conferred the prestige of the higher rank but not the additional retirement pay, so their only practical benefit was to allow recipients to engrave a loftier title on their business cards and tombstones. The Act of Congress of February 23, 1942, enabled tombstone promotions to three- and four-star grades. Tombstone promotions were subsequently restricted to citations issued before January 1, 1947, and finally eliminated altogether effective November 1, 1959. 
Any admiral who actually served in a grade while on active duty receives precedence on the retired list over any tombstone admiral holding the same retired grade. Tombstone admirals rank among each other according to the dates of their highest active duty grade.
The following list of tombstone admirals is sortable by last name, date of rank as vice admiral, date retired, and year commissioned.
Timeline.
The first full admiral in the United States Coast Guard was Russell R. Waesche, who served as commandant from 1936 to 1945 and was promoted to that rank on April 4, 1945. His successor as commandant, John Farley, also inherited the rank of admiral. After Farley retired on December 31, 1949, the commandant's rank was reduced to vice admiral, although Farley's successor, Merlin O'Neill, was promoted to full admiral upon retirement in recognition of combat citations. O'Neill's successor, Alfred C. Richmond, remained a vice admiral until the commandant's rank was again elevated to admiral on June 1, 1960, where it has remained ever since.

</doc>
<doc id="19987222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987222" title="Nasikabhushani">
Nasikabhushani

Nasikabhushani (pronounced ) is a rāgam in Carnatic music (musical scale of South Indian classical music). It is the 70th "Melakarta" rāgam in the 72 "melakarta" rāgam system of Carnatic music. It is called in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music.
Structure and Lakshana.
"Nasikabhushani" is the 4th rāgam in the 12th "chakra Aditya". The mnemonic name is "Aditya-Bhu". The mnemonic phrase is "sa ru gu mi pa dhi ni". "Nasikabhushani's" structure (ascending and descending scale) is as follows:
The notes used in this scale are "shatsruthi rishabham, antara gandharam, prati madhyamam, chathusruthi dhaivatham, kaisiki nishadham". See "swaras" in Carnatic music for details on above notation and terms.
"Nasikabhushani" is a "melakarta" rāgam and hence by definition it is a "sampoorna" rāgam (that is, it has all seven notes in ascending and descending scale). It is the "prati madhyamam" equivalent of "Vagadheeswari", which is the 34th "melakarta" rāgam.
"Janya" rāgams.
"Nasikabhushani" has a couple of minor "janya" rāgams (derived scales) associated with it. See List of "Janya" rāgams for full list of rāgams associated with it and other "melakarta".
Compositions.
A few compositions set to "Nasikabhushani" rāgam are:
Related rāgams.
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this rāgam.
"Nasikabhushani's" notes when shifted using "Graha bhedam" from the "dhaivatham" (D2), yields another minor "melakarta" rāgam "Shadvidamargini". "Graha bhedam" is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same, while shifting the "shadjam" to the next note in the rāgam.

</doc>
<doc id="19987247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987247" title="Wrestling at the 1972 Summer Olympics – Men's Greco-Roman +100 kg">
Wrestling at the 1972 Summer Olympics – Men's Greco-Roman +100 kg

The Men's Greco-Roman +100 kg at the 1972 Summer Olympics as part of the wrestling program at the Fairgrounds, Judo and Wrestling Hall.
Tournament results.
The competition used a form of negative points tournament, with negative points given for any result short of a fall. Accumulation of 6 negative points eliminated the wrestler. When only two or three wrestlers remain, a special final round is used to determine the order of the medals.
Final.
Results from the preliminary round are carried forward into the final (shown in yellow).

</doc>
<doc id="19987248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987248" title="Allseas">
Allseas

Allseas Group SA is one of the largest offshore pipelay companies with 2000 employees. The company is privately owned by founder Edward Heerema.
Overview.
Founded in 1985, the Dutch firm Allseas is headquartered in Châtel-Saint-Denis, Switzerland, and has offices in The Netherlands, Belgium, USA, Australia, UK, Portugal and India.
Allseas operates three pipelay vessels (the Audacia, the Lorelay and the Solitaire), one support/trenching vessel (the Calamity Jane), one survey ship (the Manta), and one pontoon (the Tog Mor). Allseas in 2007 took the decision to build a new pipelay and offshore platform-removal ship "Pieter Schelte", which is scheduled to enter service in 2014. At 382 metres (1,253 ft) in length and 117 metres (384 ft) in width, it will be the largest ship by area ever built.

</doc>
<doc id="19987261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987261" title="Wésley Brasilia">
Wésley Brasilia

Club career.
Wésley Brasilia previously played for América Futebol Clube (RN) in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série A.
On July 12, 2009 he joined Iranian team Persepolis. He had a good first half of the season but in the second half he was undisciplined and returned late from his holiday which made the club fine him and mostly benched.
Club Career Statistics.
Last update: 22 June 2011 

</doc>
<doc id="19987279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987279" title="Two of a Kind, Workin' on a Full House">
Two of a Kind, Workin' on a Full House

"Two of a Kind, Workin' on a Full House" is the title of a country music song co-written by Dennis Robbins, Bobby Boyd, and Warren Dale Haynes. Robbins himself originally recorded the song for MCA Records and charted at number 71 with it on the "Billboard" country charts in 1987. The B-side to Robbins' version was "The Church on Cumberland Road," later a number one hit in 1989 for Shenandoah.
"Two of a Kind" was later covered in 1991 by Garth Brooks for his second album, "No Fences". Brooks's rendition was the third single, and third consecutive number one hit, from this album.
Content.
The song is a moderate up-tempo with a fiddle intro. Its lyrics describe the relationship between the narrator and his wife, whom he considers a perfect complement. The title is a double entendre, implying that they plan to have children.
In his book "Redneck Liberation: Country Music as Theology", author David Fillingim cited "Two of a Kind, Workin' on a Full House" as an "upbeat honky-tonk romp" that showed his "more traditional country music styles".
Background and Production.
Garth Brooks Version.
Garth provided the following background information on the song in the CD booklet liner notes from "The Hits": 
"This song came to me through Jon Northrup. He was doing a demo deal, and "Two of a Kind" was one of the four songs he was pitching for a demo. When I heard it, I said, "I wish you all the luck on your deal, but if for some reason it falls through, I'd love to have this. He called me three months later and told me I could have it if I wanted it. I immediately cut it. And to this day, even though it's a small, light-hearted song, it's one of the strongest parts of our live show. People just seem to connect with this song. This is a big point to writers and artists out there, especially myself, that sometimes intense gets the point across, but don't forget to show 'em your sense of humor."

</doc>
<doc id="19987285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987285" title="Jane Barlow">
Jane Barlow

Jane Barlow (1857 – 17 April 1917) was an Irish novelist, noted for her poems describing the lives of the Irish peasantry, chiefly about Lisconnel and Ballyhoy, in relation to both landlords and the Irish potato famine.
Life.
Barlow was the daughter of Rev. James William Barlow, vice-provost of Trinity College, Dublin. Born in Clontarf, County Dublin, she spent most of her life living in a thatched cottage in Raheny, on the site of Raheny House, where now stands the Garda Retirement home in the townland of Ballyhoy. She died in Bray, County Wicklow.
Works.
Barlow wrote both poems and novels. Her poetry collections include:
Her novels include Kerrigan’s Quality (1894) and The Founding of Fortunes (1902).
The utopia "History of a World of Immortals Without a God: Translated From an Unpublished Manuscript in the Library of a Continental University" Dublin: W. McGee; London: Simpkin, Marshall and Co., 1891, by Antares Skorpios is variously attributed to both Jane and her father James.

</doc>
<doc id="19987304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987304" title="Neil Christie">
Neil Christie

Dr Neil Christie is a British archaeologist and historian, and a Reader in Archeology at the University of Leicester.
Biography.
Prior to joining the Archeology and Ancient History team at the University of Leicester in 1992, Dr Christie was both an undergraduate and doctoral student in Archeology at Newcastle upon Tyne; subsequently gaining a Rome Scholarship at the British School at Rome before being employed there to prepare a major excavation report (Santa Cornelia). Returning to Newcastle as Sir James Knott Fellow, he then held a British Academy Postdoctoral Research fellowship with the Institute of Archeology, Oxford. At Leicester he rose in the ranks to Senior Lecturer and now Reader.
Outside of the University, he is Reviews Editor for the journal Medieval Archaeology and Hon. Secretary for the Medieval Settlement Research Group and Reviews Editor for their journal. 
He also holds a position as a member of the Faculty for the British School at Rome.
Current research interests & projects.
In his own words..
"My principal research interests have focused on the history and archaeology of Italy and the Western Mediterranean between c. AD 300-1000, examining in particular the transition period from Roman to medieval and the evolution of settlement patterns. Central to this was my in-depth analysis of the Lombard tribe, whilst a major survey of the period (An Archeology of Italy, AD 300-850) was published in 2006. Core themes in this research include the evolution of towns and the role of defence. An additional research field relates to castle origins and growth, with Italy again the main zone of interest."
"Archaeological fieldwork forms an important component in my research profile: I directed the Cicolano Castles Project in central Italy (1991–94) centring on excavation and survey work on medieval castles and villages in the high Apennines; I co-directed the Sangro Valley Research Project (1995–2000), assessing evolving settlement patterns in eastern central Italy and excavating a medieval watchtower site; and I co-directed a project in eastern Spain (1994–96), examining post-medieval and early modern upland rural exploitation. My current project is centred on the study of the town and setting of Wallingford in south Oxfordshire and its transition from Saxon burh to Norman town. This includes geophysical and topographic survey, targeted excavations, and re-evaluations of previous watching briefs and unpublished excavations to build an image of urban emergence and development from c. AD 800-1300. A pilot project ran in 2001-4; major AHRC funding enables an extended three-year project (organised with Exeter and Oxford Universities) from 2008-10."
Selected publications.
War and Warfare in Late Antiquity: Current Perspectives (Late Antique Archaeology, Volumes 8.1, 8.2). (edited, with Alexander Sarantis). Brill, Leiden, 2013.
Vrbes Extinctae. Archaeologies of Abandoned Classcial Towns (ed. N. Christie & A Augenti), Ashgate, Farnham, 2012.
Medieval Rural Settlement. Britain and Ireland, AD 800-1600, edited N. Christie & P. Stamper. Oxbow Books/Windgather Press, Oxford, 2011. see flier here
The Fall of the Western Roman Empire. An Archaeological and Historical Perspective. Bloomsbury Academic, London, 2010.
From Constantine to Charlemagne: An Archaeology of Italy, AD 300-850, Ashgate, Aldershot, 2006.NC Italy book
Landscapes of Change. Rural Evolutions in Late Antiquity and the Early Middle Ages, (ed. N Christie), Ashgate, Aldershot, 2004.
Ethnography and Archaeology in Upland Mediterranean Spain. Manolo's World: Peopling the Recent Past in the Serra de L'Altmirant, 1994-98, (edited with P Beavitt, J Gisbert Santonja, J Segui, V Gil Senis), Leicester Archaeology Monograph, 12, Leicester 2004.
Towns and Their Territories between Late Antiquity and the Early Middle Ages, (The Transformation of the Roman World, Volume 9), (eds. GP Brogiolo, N Gauthier and N Christie), ESF/Brill, Leiden, 2000.
Towns in Transition: From Late Antiquity to the Middle Ages, (eds. N Christie and S Loseby), Scolar Press, Aldershot 1996.
The Lombards. The Ancient Langobards, Basil Blackwell, Oxford 1995.
Settlement and Economy in Italy, 1500 BC - AD 1500: Papers of the Fifth Conference of Italian Archaeology, (ed. N Christie), Oxbow Monograph 41, Oxford 1995.
Three South Etrurian Churches: Santa Cornelia, Santa Rufina and San Liberato, (ed. N Christie), Archaeological Monographs of the British School at Rome, Volume 4, London 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="19987307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987307" title="SD Leioa">
SD Leioa

Sociedad Deportiva Leioa is a Spanish football team based in Leioa, in the autonomous community of Basque Country. Founded in 1925 it plays in Tercera División – Group 4, holding home games at "Estadio Sarriena", which has a capacity of 3,500 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="19987309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987309" title="Billboard Top Soft Rock Hits">
Billboard Top Soft Rock Hits

Billboard Top Soft Rock Hits is a series of compilation albums released by Rhino Records in 1997, each featuring ten soft rock hit recordings from a specific year in the 1970s. Five albums in the series were released, one each for the years from 1970 to 1974. All 50 tracks reached the top ten of the "Billboard" Easy Listening chart and were top 40 hits on the "Billboard" Hot 100 pop singles chart.
In addition to the individual availability of each volume, the series was also issued in box set.
The series follows chronologically from the previous Rhino series of easy listening pop hits from the 1960s called "Billboard Top Pop Hits".

</doc>
<doc id="19987314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987314" title="Aalborg Storcenter">
Aalborg Storcenter

Aalborg Storcenter is a shopping mall located in Skalborg, a City District of Aalborg, Denmark.
It opened in 1996.
The mall has about 65 stores. One of those is Denmark's largest Bilka store.

</doc>
<doc id="19987329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987329" title="Royal Order of Cambodia">
Royal Order of Cambodia

The Royal Order of Cambodia (French: "Ordre Royal de Cambodge") was a French colonial chivalric order of knighthood in Colonial Cambodia, still in use in the kingdom of Cambodia.
History.
Colonial.
In 1845 Thailand and Vietnam became part of a single protectorate over the whole old kingdom of the Khmer. With French support Cambodia became an independent kingdom again under king Norodom I, though the king had to accept the protectorate and strong French influence over his national government in return for this support. On February 8, 1864 the king founded the Royal Order of Cambodia "as an Order of Merit with five classes", and it was granted after 1896 both by the Cambodian kings and by the French protectorate. The French President was "ex officio" a Grand Cross of the Order. The Order served to distinguish civilians and soldiers of the king or foreign powers. In 1896 the order was included in the ranks of French colonial orders of knighthood.
For French appointments, the recipient had to be at least 29 years old and enter the Order first as a knight, to be promoted to a higher grade after a certain period. Only officers of the Légion d'honneur could become a commander in the Order and only commanders of the Légion d'honneur could be Commanders or Officers of the Order. Apart from decorations for bravery or merit during foreign campaigns, the French colonial orders also required that a certain number of years had to have been spent in the tropics or overseas to be eligible - in this case, three years in Indochina, preferably in Cambodia. From 1933 the Order was also granted for the organization of exhibitions dedicated to Cambodia and sacred events important to the French colonies. None of these rules applied for grants by the King of Cambodia himself.
The colonial and overseas orders were immediately contingent on the French orders and awarded on ministerial orders. Those awarded it not only had to pay for their own registration and qualifications, but also had to buy their own insignia.
Post-colonial.
In 1948 France ceased granting the order. Formally it remained a French colonial policy, but it was now only granted by the King of Cambodia. The order has since then been one of the historical orders of France.
On September 1, 1950 the (colonial) French order-system was reformed. The Order of the Star of Anjouan and the Order of the Black Star were formalised as French Overseas Orders. The other three were the "Order of States Associated to the French Union" (French: "Ordre des États de l'Union Française Associés"). In 1955, Cambodia became independent. The order was approved by King Norodom Sihanouk during his government and also granted during his exile in Beijing. Even after the restoration of the Khmer dynasty it remained the highest Cambodian distinction.
Degrees.
"Dignités".
Medal worn on a large ribbon at the left hip and star worn to the gem's left.
Large medal on a ribbon round the neck, and the star of the order.
Other.
Large medal worn on a ribbon round the neck.
Medal on a rosette on the left breast.
Medal on a ribbon on the left breast, with no gold on the gem.
Insignia.
The medal of the order comes in many different forms, as a slightly elongated silver or gold star surmounted by a Cambodian crown and with an image of the king's crown and coat of arms in gold on a violet blue background and surrounded by a red circle. The reverse of the medal is left rough. To promote the order if it was awarded by the French, the Cambodian crown was replaced with a European one surmounted by a small cross, and in the early years the order was even awarded without any crown.
The central image on the star of the order is the same as the medal, though the crown is missing and the rays are usually smooth. The star is elongated, with the vertical rays longer than the horizontal rays. The regalia of Knights is in silver, whilst those of the higher grades are gold. The medal and star are equally for civilians and soldiers. The ribbon of the order was originally green with a red border, changing in 1899 to white with an orange border (in the same year the French government changed the colours of the ribbons of all five colonial orders), before reverting to the original black ribbon when it became a purely Cambodian order again.

</doc>
<doc id="19987332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987332" title="List of highways numbered 146A">
List of highways numbered 146A

The following highways are numbered 146A:

</doc>
<doc id="19987351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987351" title="Marco Sanudo, Lord of Milos">
Marco Sanudo, Lord of Milos

Marco Sanudo was a lord of the island of Milos in Frankish Greece.
He was a son of William I Sanudo and the brother of Nicholas I Sanudo and John I Sanudo, who were all Dukes of the Archipelago.
He married an unknown wife and had a daughter Fiorenza I Sanudo, Lady of Milos, who married in 1383 Francesco I Crispo, who also became the tenth Duke of the Archipelago.

</doc>
<doc id="19987352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987352" title="Bangalore Monorail">
Bangalore Monorail

Bangalore Monorail is a rapid transit system proposed for the city of Bangalore, India. 
History.
The State government appointed Capita Symonds, a UK-based consultancy firm, to suggest the best feeder rail network for Bangalore. Capita Symonds stated that Light Rail Transit (LRT) was more advantageous than monorail. 
The Bangalore Airport Rail Link (BARL) Ltd is the nodal agency for implementing the project.
Now world over new railway constructions are moving away from the old rail based technology to the magnetic levitation. The choice is between high cost, low maintenance, energy conserving, highly efficient maglev and low cost, high maintenance, energy guzzler, low efficient conventional rail.

</doc>
<doc id="19987367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987367" title="Savita Bhabhi">
Savita Bhabhi

Savita Bhabhi is an Indian pornographic cartoon character and has earned a recognition as India's first porn star. The character named Savita is depicted as an attractive promiscuous housewife who is ignored by her husband (Ashok) and engages in sexual adventures. The suffix bhabhi (Hindi: sister-in-law) is commonly attached to first names of Indian housewives. The character initially appeared in a freely available comic strip at savitabhabhi.com. It has since been converted into a subscription-based strip owned by kirtu.com.
The cartoon character was first introduced by Deshmukh in March 2008. It proved controversial in the conservative Indian setting as soon as it was introduced. Some critics felt it represented the face of new India's ultra-liberal section.
The Savita Bhabhi Movie was released on May 2013; it deals with the subject of internet censorship in a humorous way with Savita Bhabhi as the heroine who saves the day.

</doc>
<doc id="19987370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987370" title="Miss Georgia 2008">
Miss Georgia 2008

Miss Georgia 2008 was held on July 26, 2008. The winner represented Georgia in Miss World 2008, the 1st runner up in Miss Universe 2009 and the 2nd runner up in Miss Tourism Queen International 2009.
Results.
Miss Georgia 2008 – Khatuna Skhirtladze

</doc>
<doc id="19987372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987372" title="Man the Hunter">
Man the Hunter

"Man the Hunter" was the name given to a 1966 symposium organized by Richard Lee and Irven DeVore. The symposium resulted in a book of the same title and attempted to bring together for the first time a comprehensive look at recent ethnographic research on hunter-gatherers.
The symposium was held at the Center for Continuing Education, University of Chicago, from April 6th to the 9th, 1966 and was attended by several of the most influential figures in then contemporary anthropology. In addition to Lee and DeVore, the symposium was attended by Marshall Sahlins, Aram Yengoyan, George Peter Murdock, Colin Turnbull, Lewis Binford, and Julian Steward.
The corresponding book, of papers presented at the symposium, was published by Aldine Transaction in 1968, under ISBNs 020233032X and 9780202330327.

</doc>
<doc id="19987384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987384" title="Kosalam">
Kosalam

Kosalam (pronounced kōsalam) is a rāgam in Carnatic music (musical scale of South Indian classical music). It is the 71st "Melakarta" rāgam in the 72 "melakarta" rāgam system of Carnatic music and is the "prati madhyamam" equivalent of "Shoolini", which is the 35th "melakarta". It is called Kusumākaram in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music.
Structure and Lakshana.
"Kosalam" is the 5th rāgam in the 12th "chakra Aditya". The mnemonic name is "Aditya-Ma". The mnemonic phrase is "sa ru gu mi pa dhi nu". Its "" structure (ascending and descending scale) is as follows (see "swaras" in Carnatic music for details on below notation and terms):
"Kosalam" is a "melakarta" rāgam and hence, by definition, it is a "sampoorna" rāgam (it has all seven notes in ascending and descending scale).
"Janya" rāgams.
"Kosalam" has a "janya" rāgam (derived scale) associated with it. See List of "janya" rāgams for list of rāgams associated with "Kosalam" and other "melakarta" rāgams.
Compositions.
A few compositions set to "Kosalam" rāgam are:
Related rāgams.
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of "Kosalam".
"Kosalam's" notes when shifted using "Graha bhedam", yields 3 other "melakarta" rāgams, namely, "Keeravani", "Hemavati" and "Vakulabharanam". "Graha bhedam" is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same, while shifting the "shadjam" to the next note in the rāgam. For further details and an illustration refer "Graha bhedam on Keeravani".

</doc>
<doc id="19987398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987398" title="Robert O'Neill">
Robert O'Neill

Robert O'Neill may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19987414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987414" title="2009 Canadian Championship">
2009 Canadian Championship

The 2009 Canadian Championship (officially the Nutrilite Canadian Championship for sponsorship reasons) for the Voyageurs Cup was a soccer tournament hosted and organized by the Canadian Soccer Association that took place in the cities of Montreal, Toronto and Vancouver in 2009. It is the second Canadian Championship held, after the inaugural competition in 2008.
As in the previous tournament, participating teams were the Montreal Impact, Toronto FC and the Vancouver Whitecaps FC. The tournament consisted of a home and away series between each pair of teams for a total of six games. Toronto FC, winners of the tournament, were awarded the Voyageurs Cup and gained entry into the Preliminary Round of the 2009–10 CONCACAF Champions League. 
Four of the six matches were broadcast in English by Rogers Sportsnet, while Radio Canada broadcast in French two of Montreal Impact's matches at Vancouver and at home against Toronto FC.
Tie-breaking procedures.
If two teams are tied on points after four games, the following tie-breaking criteria will be used:
Standings.
Toronto FC has qualified for the CONCACAF Champions League qualifying round.

</doc>
<doc id="19987417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987417" title="St Mary's Church, Stamford">
St Mary's Church, Stamford

St Mary's Church, Stamford is a parish church in the Church of England, located in Stamford, Lincolnshire, lending its name to St Mary's Hill (part of the old Great North Road) on which it stands, and which runs down to the river crossing opposite The George Hotel.
History.
The church was built by the twelfth century, the tower in the thirteenth century and the spire in the fourteenth century. The spire was saved from collapse following a recommendation by William Stukeley in 1741 that it should be repaired, work which was eventually carried out in 1788 by Charles Haynes, using iron strapping. The spire was strengthened again in 1913 by the addition of internal tie bars.
One of the glories of St Mary's is the 14th century (part of its east wall is 2nd phase 13th century) Corpus Christi Chapel (North Chapel). It is the earliest part of the church and has connections with an educational foundation that later became Stamford School. The ceiling is one of the very few decorated medieval wagon vaults to survive in the East Midlands, although many can still be found in the West Country.
The vestry was added in 1880, with the screens and a new altar, as well as new decoration to the ceilings of the chancel and sanctuary, being completed in 1890 to designs by J D Sedding. In 1921, a rood was added atop the chancel screen in memory of those men of the parish who had lost their lives in World War One. A commemorative plaque recording this event and the names of the men who died is placed south of the pulpit.
In 1948, a screen was fitted to the Tower Arch in memory of all those who had served in World War Two.
Stained glass.
Christopher Whall designed the Lady Chapel East window in 1891. This was Whall’s first independent commission and was given to him by Sedding. Whall described the window as "the foundation and beginning of everything". Whall designed and made the window, with the help of one assistant, in a cowshed at Stonebridge, near Dorking in Surrey which he was using as a workshop. Meticulous preparation was said to have gone into producing the window, including the making of a suit of armour for the St Michael figure from papier-mâché - which his assistant had to wear. The window shows Adam and Eve in the outer main lights flanking Gabriel and St Michael with the Virgin & Child in the centre light. The tracery lights are based on the Mysteries of the Rosary. At the apex of the tracery is the Coronation of the Virgin. The firing and glazing were carried out by Britten & Gilson. In "The Buildings of England: Lincolnshire" by Nikolaus Pevsner and John Harris they say of this window "in a style derived from the Pre-Raphaelites but more hard edged and Impressionist". 
There is a second window dating to 1893 in the North side of the Lady Chapel; this completed jointly with Louis Davis.
Organ.
The church has an organ dating from 1829 by Gray. Originally in a gallery at the west end, it was moved in 1852 to the end of the south aisle, site of the former Chapel of St Nicholas. A specification of the organ can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register. A fully electronic action was added in 1964 during a major overhaul. In most "Oxford Movement" churches, the organ speaks across the chancel. This was the case at St Mary's until 1964 when part was turned through 90 degrees so that the organ now speaks into the nave as well as across the chancel.

</doc>
<doc id="19987442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987442" title="Musconetcong">
Musconetcong

Musconetcong may refer to the following in the U.S. state of New Jersey:

</doc>
<doc id="19987460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987460" title="Ivan Vorontsov">
Ivan Vorontsov

Ivan Ivanovich Vorontsov () (born 1890; died 1917) was an association football player.
International career.
Vorontsov made his debut for Russia on September 14, 1913 in a friendly against Norway. He was the team's captain in that game.

</doc>
<doc id="19987467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987467" title="Whaleback Light">
Whaleback Light

Whaleback Light is located offshore of Fort Foster and Wood Island in Kittery, Maine, at the entrance to the Piscataqua River and Portsmouth Harbor.
History.
The station (known in early records as "Whales Back") was first established in 1820. In 1829, a replacement was built for $20,000. The tower was upgraded in 1855 with a new lantern and a fourth order Fresnel lens. A fog bell and tower were installed in 1863. In 1869, storms had caused cracks in the tower and foundation causing the decision to build a new tower in 1872. The new tower was built with dovetailed granite blocks alongside the original tower, which was removed in 1880. At some point the fog bell was replaced with a horn and in 1991, the volume of the horn was reduced because it was damaging the integrity of the structure.
The current lighthouse exhibits two white flashes every 10 seconds and is created by a modern VLB-44 LED light, which was installed in October 2009.
In 2007, under the National Lighthouse Preservation Act of 2000, Whaleback lighthouse was made available to a suitable new steward. The American Lighthouse Foundation and its chapter Friends of Portsmouth Harbor Lighthouses submitted an application and in November 2008, became the new owners.
Whaleback Light was added to the National Register of Historic Places as Whaleback Light Station on March 23, 1988, reference number 87002278.

</doc>
<doc id="19987493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987493" title="Astragalus bicristatus">
Astragalus bicristatus

Astragalus bicristatus is a species of milkvetch known by the common names crested milkvetch and two-crested milkvetch. It is endemic to southern California, where it grows in the coniferous forests of the San Gabriel and San Bernardino Mountains of the Transverse Ranges.
Description.
"Astragalus bicristatus" is a perennial herb sprawling outwards with stems to a maximum length approaching half a meter. The leaves are up to 14 centimeters long and are made up of very widely spaced narrow linear leaflets. The stems and foliage have sparse grayish hairs, giving them a rough texture. The inflorescence is a loose array of up to 20 pealike flowers. Each flower is between 1 and 2 centimeters long and is purple-tinted white to light greenish yellow. 
The fruit is a hanging capsule 2 to 4 centimeters long and curved or crescent-shaped. It is fleshy when immature and leathery to woody when dried.

</doc>
<doc id="19987511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987511" title="She's Every Woman">
She's Every Woman

"She's Every Woman" is a song written by Victoria Shaw and Garth Brooks, and recorded by Brooks. It was released in August 1995 as the first single from the album "Fresh Horses". It was a Number One hit on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks charts in October 1995, becoming his 14th Number One on that chart.
Content.
Brooks wrote the song with Victoria Shaw, with whom he had also written a previous Number One hit, 1992's "The River". The song, like "The River", had sat unrecorded for several years before it was recorded.
Releases.
7" Jukebox single
Liberty 18842, 1996
European CD Single
Capitol CDCL767, 1996
The Netherlands CD Single
Liberty 724388260626, 1995
The Netherlands promotional CD
Capitol cdsp 121, 1996
Chart history.
"She's Every Woman" debuted at number 38 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks charts on the chart week of September 9, 1995, climbing to number 10 the next week. It reached its peak of number 1 on the chart week of October 21, its sixth week on the charts.
On the "RPM" Country Tracks charts in Canada, "She's Every Woman" debuted at number 76 for the week of September 4, 1995. It was also a Number One on this chart, holding the position for two non-consecutive weeks. The first of these two weeks was October 16, 1995. One week later, the song fell to number 2, with Shania Twain's "The Woman in Me (Needs the Man in You)" taking over the number 1 spot. On the 30th, "She's Every Woman" fell to number 4, also holding the number 4 position on the November 6th charts and moving up to number 3 on the 13th. Finally, by the 20th, "She's Every Woman" returned to number 1, with three other Number One songs in between its two weeks at the top: Twain's song on the 23rd and 30th, BlackHawk's "I'm Not Strong Enough to Say No" on the 6th, and Jason McCoy's "Learning a Lot About Love" on the 13th.

</doc>
<doc id="19987516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987516" title="Transocean Marianas">
Transocean Marianas

Transocean Marianas is an Earl & Wright Sedco 700 design semi-submersible drilling unit capable of operating in harsh environments and water depths up to using an , 15,000 psi blowout preventer (BOP), and a outside diameter (OD) marine riser.
"Transocean Marianas" currently operates offshore drilling activities in Namibia under contract from HRT Participações em Petróleo S.A. Throughout her career, she has operated under several names: Tharos from 1979 to 1994, Polyportia from 1994 to 1996, and P. Portia from 1996 to 1998.
On October 7, 2009, it began drilling on the Macondo well in the Gulf of Mexico. On November 9, 2009. it was damaged by Hurricane Ida. It was replaced by the Deepwater Horizon, which was responsible for the Deepwater Horizon oil spill when that rig exploded on April 20, 2010.
"Piper Alpha" incident.
In 1988, as Tharos, the vessel operated as a large firefighting, construction, diving support and accommodation vessel equipped with a helicopter and a hospital ship with 22 beds, that rescued survivors from the "Piper Alpha" oil platform disaster. The vessel carried out firefighting on the night of the disaster and supported the fire fighting and well kill operations that led to the extinguishing of the blaze. However, flaws in the design of the vessel's extensible rescue arm prevented it from rescuing crew from the platform, while errors in the operation of the water cannon delayed their use. Divers from "Tharos" recovered many bodies from the seabed and from the galley area of "Piper Alpha".
2011 Ghana incident.
On July 6, 2011, the Transocean Marianas was evacuated due to it taking on water off the coast of Ghana.

</doc>
<doc id="19987553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987553" title="Pyotr Grigoryev">
Pyotr Grigoryev

Pyotr Grigoryevich Grigoryev () (born January 3, 1899 in Saint Petersburg; died November 12, 1942 in Leningrad during the Siege of Leningrad) was a Soviet football player.
International career.
Grigoryev made his debut for USSR on November 16, 1924 in a friendly against Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="19987559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987559" title="Mary Lou Fulton Institute and Graduate School of Education">
Mary Lou Fulton Institute and Graduate School of Education

The Mary Lou Fulton Institute and Graduate School of Education (known as FIGSE) at Arizona State University was established in 1954 and disestablished in 2010 by Provost Elizabeth Capaldi amidst strong objections from faculty, students, and relevant professional organizations. FIGSE is sometimes confused with ASU's Mary Lou Fulton Teachers College, which was renamed from the regional teaching-intensive West campus College of Teacher Education and Leadership (CTEL) at the same time the historic FIGSE was disestablished.
History.
Arizona State University was established in 1885 as the Territorial Normal School at Tempe in the Arizona Territory. The Normal School was charged with providing "instruction of persons, both male and female, in the art of teaching, and in all the various branches that pertain to a good common school education; also, to give instruction in the mechanical arts and in husbandry and agricultural chemistry, in the fundamental law of the United States, and in what regards the rights and duties of citizens." An effort by the alumni association changed the name of the institution to Tempe State Teachers College in 1925, and offered its first graduate degree, the Masters in Education, in 1937. Although courses were offered in other academic and professional disciplines, the school remained fundamentally a teachers college until 1945 when it was renamed Arizona State College.
In 1954, the Arizona Board of Regents established four colleges within the institution: Liberal Arts, Education, Applied Arts and Sciences, and Business and Public Administration. Under the leadership of ASU President Grady Gammage, deans were appointed to oversee the administration of each new college.
Guy D. McGrath was appointed as the founding dean of ASU’s College of Education, serving from 1954 to 1968. The college remained focused on teacher preparation until the mid-1980s, when Dean Gladys Styles Johnston, as part of the institution’s efforts to achieve Carnegie's Research I status, recruited and appointed some of the nation’s top education scholars, including Thomas Barone, David Berliner, Gene V Glass, and Mary Lee Smith. Currently, Barone, Berliner, Glass and Smith are emeritus education professors at ASU.
David C. Berliner was appointed as dean in 1997 and began a massive effort to hire new faculty. Berliner recruited Gene V Glass to serve as his associate dean for research and Gale Hackett as his associate dean for academic programs and personnel. Berliner and Glass, both former presidents of the American Educational Research Association (AERA), successfully leveraged their high visibility as education researchers to build the faculty of the College of Education. By the end of his tenure as dean, Berliner had been responsible for hiring approximately 25% of the college faculty, primarily exceptional junior scholars. Berliner and Glass were outspoken critics of the state’s education policies; by taking their criticisms and concerns to the public, they created some irritation among state lawmakers and especially the state superintendent of public instruction, Lisa Graham Keegan. Berliner hired a number of progressive faculty who believed in public advocacy, further aggravating lawmakers and future superintendents, such as conservative Tom Horne.
Eugene Garcia was recruited to serve as the college’s next dean in 2002, having just finished a successful run as the dean of UC Berkeley's Graduate School of Education. Garcia continued to build the college’s national ranking and status with the addition of new faculty talent, increased external research funding, and increased faculty and student diversity. In 2003, Garcia was given the additional role of Vice President for University-School Partnerships in which he coordinated university-wide K-12 education efforts. Under Garcia’s leadership, the College of Education obtained a generous $50 million endowment from Mary Lou Fulton, an ASU College of Education alumna and successful Arizona businesswoman. In 2006. Garcia continued the college’s engagement in state policy debates, and also worked within the state’s education leadership to improve policy decisions. He was appointed by Governor Janet Napolitano to serve on the state’s ELL Task Force, a working group charged with implementing new state law regarding the education of English language learners. Garcia maintained his position as a university vice president after he stepped down from the deanship in 2006. 
George Hynd was appointed as dean and senior vice provost for education and innovation in January, 2008, serving for two years. The economic downturn of that year resulted in large budget reductions for the university. In response, the university reorganized several units, including education. The name of the Mary Lou Fulton College of Education was changed to the Mary Lou Fulton Institute and Graduate School of Education (FIGSE), with a new mission to focus exclusively on research and graduate education programs. All undergraduate teacher education programs across the various campuses of the university were consolidated under the College of Teacher Education and Leadership (CTEL). CTEL, headquartered on the West campus, was originally established to meet the needs of teacher education in the West valley. 
George Hynd resigned in December, 2009, to serve as provost of the College of Charleston. He was succeeded by interim dean Jim Rund. Rund served as interim dean for one semester, overseeing the disestablishment of FIGSE in May, 2010. In addition, Rund continued serving in his prior position as ASU Senior Vice President for Educational Outreach and Student Services.
Berliner and Glass retired when FIGSE was distablished in spring, 2010; Garcia retired a year later as vice president for schools and community relations. They continue to serve as emeritus professors.
Faculty and Rankings.
FIGSE was highly ranked by "US News and World Report" for eleven consecutive years preceding its disestablishment. In 2010, the year it was disestablished, FIGSE ranked as the 25th best school of education in the United States among public universities, and was ranked 36th best among both public and private institutions. Arizona State University’s graduate education programs retained this ranking when "U.S. News & World Report" ranked Mary Lou Fulton Teachers College 25th among public graduate schools of education and 35th among all public and private graduate programs in the field in its 2012 rankings. FIGSE achieved its highest ranking in 2003 at 10th best among public institutions and 16th best among both publics and privates. In addition, its specialty programs in educational psychology, counseling, education policy, and curriculum and instruction were typically ranked in the top 15 nationally.
The Faculty Scholarly Productivity Index ranked FIGSE faculty as among the most productive in the nation, and the most productive at Arizona State University. In 2007, faculty in Curriculum and Instruction and Education Leadership and Administration ranked 4th and 6th, respectively, in productivity, out-producing faculty in any other unit within the Arizona State University. 
At the time of its disestablishment, FIGSE was home to three Regents Professor, three endowed chairs, two NSF Early Career Scholars, four NAE/Spencer Postdoctoral Fellows, and one Presidential Early Career Award Winner. FIGSE was tied with the University of Wisconsin-Madison, the University of Pittsburgh, and the University of Pennsylvania for number of faculty with membership in the National Academy of Education (David Berliner, Michelene T. H. Chi, James Gee, and Gene V Glass), with only nine institutions boasting higher counts (Stanford, Harvard, Michigan, Chicago, Berkeley, New York University, CU Boulder, UCLA, and Columbia University’s Teachers College).
US News and World Report "historical rankings of the Mary Lou Fulton Institute and Graduate School of Education, 1998-2010."
In 2010 and 2011, the "US News" rankings reflected the newly formed Mary Lou Fulton Teachers College; the 2010 rank was 35th, and the 2011 rank was 26th among all graduate schools of education.
Organization and Programs.
In 2008, the three divisions of the Mary Lou Fulton College of Education (Curriculum and Instruction, Psychology in Education, and Education Leadership and Policy Studies) were reorganized into two new divisions: Advanced Studies in Education Policy, Leadership, and Curriculum; and Advanced Studies in Learning, Technology and Psychology in Education.
FIGSE offered a number of doctoral and masters programs.
Doctoral
Masters
FIGSE offered several masters programs, including Curriculum and Instruction, Counseling Psychology, and others.
Disestablishment.
In April 2010, in response to an order from the Arizona Board of Regents (ABOR) made at its March meeting to cut 2.75% from the university’s salary budget, Provost Elizabeth Capaldi submitted a plan to university President Michael Crow to disestablish the Mary Lou Fulton Institute and Graduate School of Education. The plan also proposed the disestablishment or merger of other university units. The university estimated that the disestablishment of FIGSE would save $1,292,000 in salaries, although no faculty would be terminated. An external search for a new dean was underway at the time of the proposed closure. The University of Arizona, under the same budget reduction mandate from the Board of Regents, imposed a hiring freeze and tiered furloughs to meet its obligation.
ASU had lost more than $108 million since 2008, and President Crow was reluctant to impose additional furloughs, which reduced salaries by $24 million the prior year. In a statement to the ASU community, President Crow wrote, "We understand the situation the state faces. During the next 30 days, we will be reviewing implementation measures to try to minimize disruption to our faculty and staff and keep them focused on providing exceptional service and education for Arizona students and their families." 
The disestablishment of FIGSE was controversial, as it was opposed by FIGSE’s faculty and students, and protested by the American Educational Research Association (AERA) in a letter sent to the University Provost.
Representing the FIGSE faculty, Professor Beth Blue Swadener made the following remarks to the ASU Faculty Senate on May 3, 2010, as the body considered whether or not to support the proposal:
I am substituting today for Carlos Ovando, who is in Denver at the American Educational Research Association annual meeting, where the FIGSE faculty and students have contributed to a total of 181 sessions. 
During the meetings, two of our faculty colleagues were inducted as AERA Fellows, and one received a lifetime achievement award. Everywhere I went during the meetings I was asked about two things: Arizona’s new immigration law and the disestablishment of the Mary Lou Fulton Institute and Graduate School at ASU, or "FIGSE." 
While it is now too late to stop the latter, I believe it is important to go on record as opposed to not only the decision made by the administration, but to raise concerns about the process, and the lack of faculty consultation or representation. 
You have had the opportunity to read both the faculty and student statements concerning maintaining the integrity and high rankings of our graduate programs in education. As faculty, you can imagine that suddenly being told we were "free agents" and should not plan potential moves together with our program colleagues has led to fragmentation, loss of some very strong colleagues, and a lack of transparency and accurate information. Within this very challenging climate and short timeline, we have all worked hard to maintain program integrity and support our students. 
We have also sought to support the 32 staff losing jobs, following the loss of 37 staff last year, in a reorganization of our college. 
The larger context of concern to Senate is governance-- each time such major changes are made without faculty consultation or input, it has immediate and far-reaching impacts on our programs and, moreover, erodes traditions of faculty governance by making our work environment a more corporate, top-down space. As one colleague at AERA put it, "I thought ASU was a 21st Century New American University, but it looks more like a 19th Century factory with a boss controlling the workers!" 
Our sister institutions responded to the ABOR mandate in far less dramatic ways with future tiered furloughs (at UA) and closed searches and non-replacement measures at NAU. When I spoke with deans from both universities at the AERA meeting, they said that their presidents simply didn't view this as requiring any extreme measures. 
Thus, while recognizing that it is too late to change the disestablishment of our Institute and Graduate School, I respectfully request that you vote "No" on this measure and thereby signal our university faculty’s stand on the flawed process by which this action was taken, and the importance of faculty governance in such matters.
The ASU Faculty Senate voted against the proposed disestablishment, with 73 votes against the motion, 20 in favor, and 6 abstentions. On a related vote at the same meeting, the senate opposed the renaming of CTEL as the Mary Lou Fulton Teachers College by 75 to 18, with 5 abstentions.
Despite senate opposition, the Arizona Board of Regents approved Capaldi’s proposal, and FIGSE was disestablished in May 2010. At the time, a majority of FIGSE faculty joined the College of Liberal Arts and Sciences, the School of Engineering, and a few other units. Today, 85 percent of former faculty members are affiliated and/or teaching courses for the Mary Lou Fulton Teachers College.
All FIGSE doctoral programs moved to the newly named Teachers College, except Applied Linguistics, which moved to the College of Liberal Arts and Sciences, and Counseling Psychology, which moved to the School of Letters and Sciences.
Carol D. Lee, president of the American Educational Research Association (AERA), sent a letter on behalf of the organization, urging ASU to reconsider: 
Dear Provost Capaldi:
We are writing to you on behalf of the American Educational Research Association
(AERA) to express our concerns about pending decisions that could reduce the vitality
and significance of scholarship and training in education research at Arizona State
University. AERA is the national interdisciplinary research association of approximately
25,000 scholars who undertake research in education. Founded in 1916, AERA aims to
advance knowledge about education, to encourage scholarly inquiry related to education,
and to promote the use of research to improve education and serve the public good.
We are aware that many universities like ASU face stringent economic times and need to
arrive at strategies that permit transformation and change consonant with mission and
purpose. In considering fields of study and scholarship for higher education institutions, it
would seem to be a priority for our nation to invest in the next generation of scholars and
scholarship addressing the scientific study of education and learning and the policies and
practices that shape educational outcomes from early education to the workforce.
ASU has been the home to a community of highly productive faculty members known for
the significance of their education research, the quality of their teaching and mentoring,
and their professional service. Large numbers of your faculty are leading contributors to
this field—publishing in the most competitive and highly ranked journals, holding
prominent editorships, and serving as scientific advisors on committees nationally and
internationally. For many years, Arizona State has enjoyed visibility as an environment
that supports research and training of excellence in education research.
We write, now, out of a concern that, while scholarship and training in education are
important scientific and policy priorities to our nation, they may come to have a
diminished role and presence at ASU through the proposed reorganization. Although we
realize that talented faculty and their students are likely to be retained in any
reorganization, the university’s commitment to this arena of interdisciplinary scholarship
will be seriously eroded were identifiable graduate programs to be disestablished and
essentially eliminated at ASU.
We just quite recently learned of this turn of events and realize that we write at the
eleventh hour. Nonetheless, we also are aware that you are strong in your commitment to
vibrant interdisciplinary fields of inquiry and training. We believe that, with more time to
examine the question and the quality of your graduate programs, ASU will be better
situated to reach a decision that serves your institutional goals and that of the nation.
Therefore, we urge that you defer such action until options and opportunities can be fully
identified and assessed.
We would welcome the opportunity to help in any way we can.
Sincerely,
Carol D. Lee, PhD, AERA 2010 President
Felice J. Levine, PhD, Executive Director
Arizona State University Executive Vice President and Provost Elizabeth D. Capaldi sent a letter dated April 20, 2010, in response to the letter from Carol D. Lee and Felice J. Levine.
Dear Dr. Lee and Dr. Levine:
Thank you for your letter noting concerns about Arizona State University’s recent reorganization in our colleges of Education. Let me begin first by clarifying some erroneous information noted in your letter. Absolutely no graduate degree programs in education are being discontinued or disestablished as a result of this reorganization. Over the past three years of massive budget cuts in Arizona, we have been steadfast in our commitment to protect faculty lines and academic programs. This reorganization, like others we have undertaken, is an administration reorganization that reaps significant budget saving and also has the effect of reorganizing faculty into intellectual clusters tha can continue to build on existing strengths and also forge new and important directions.
I am sharing with you a recent article published in "Change" that outlines what we have continued to try to accomplish through such reorganization at Arizona State University without compromising quality.
On a related note, as you may know, many of our doctoral programs are highly ranked. These rankings are based on the quality of the degree program and not the organizational umbrella under which the programs find themselves. We value the quality of research and educational vision that the majority of our faculties in education provide. We believe that this quality will continue to improve as our faculties from across the university coalesce around significant educational issues to be addressed in the decades ahead. 
As you know, change can be very difficult. In the multiple reorganizations we have already put in place, faculty come to understand that there can be many wonderful new opportunities for them to explore with new colleagues and new programs. At the very core of much of these reorganizations has been an increased interdisciplinary synergy, with new programmatic opportunities for our students that would not have emerged in the traditional structures that were in place.
I am sorry you were misinformed.
Sincerely,
Elizabeth D. Capaldi,
Executive Vice President and Provost
Although no graduate education programs were disestablished concurrently with the disestablishment of FIGSE, the University immediately reorganized and restructured all education graduate programs, severely reducing options for majors, and eliminating all graduate programs specifically focused on the education of immigrant and Native students. FIGSE faculty reassigned to other units were not permitted to develop new programs, and were required to teach for Teachers College, with no right of participation in program management. By the end of 2011, more than a dozen senior FIGSE faculty had left ASU as a result of the reorganization. Program rankings dropped drammatically for the College as well as for specific program areas.
Teachers College.
After FIGSE was disestablished, ASU shifted responsibility for nearly all graduate programs in education to the College of Teacher Education and Leadership (CTEL), which was established in 1985 on ASU’s West campus. The Mary Lou Fulton endowment and much of the budgetary resources of FIGSE were transferred to CTEL, which was renamed Mary Lou Fulton Teachers College. U.S. News & World Report ranked Teachers College 16th among public graduate schools of education and 26th among all public and private graduate programs in the field. Last year ASU’s graduate education programs ranked 25th and 35th respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="19987574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987574" title="List of ultras of the Caribbean">
List of ultras of the Caribbean

The following is a sortable table of the seven ultra prominent mountain peaks on the islands of the Caribbean Sea. There are five such peaks on Hispaniola and one each on Jamaica and Cuba.
Topographic elevation is the vertical distance above the reference geoid, a precise mathematical model of the Earth's sea level as an equipotential gravitational surface. Topographic prominence is the elevation difference between the summit and the highest or key col to a higher summit. Topographic isolation is the minimum great circle distance to a point of higher elevation.
This article defines a significant summit as a summit with at least 100 meters (328.1 feet) of topographic prominence, and a major summit as a summit with at least 500 meters (1640.4 feet) of topographic prominence. An ultra-prominent summit is a summit with at least 1500 meters (4921.3 feet) of topographic prominence.

</doc>
<doc id="19987576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987576" title="Bangalore BRTS">
Bangalore BRTS

Starting with a comprehensive report in 2007, and even earlier, several proposals have been made to implement Bus Rapid Transport System (BRTS) in Bangalore. There is lack of clarity on status of these proposals, and many government agencies themselves are not sure if BRTS will be an effective solution for Bangalore.
Recommendations in CTTP, 2007.
A transport survey carried out in 2007, referred to as CTTP, recommended Bangalore BRTS, with 14 routes totaling 282 km. CTTP recommended following routes :
Other proposals.
There have also been other proposals for BRTS routes, some of these talk of new routes, and some overlap with CTTP recommendations.
Radial Corridors.
In 2009, on recommendation from Agenda for Bangalore Infrastructure Development (ABIDe), City of Bangalore started investments to enhance 12 radial corridors for land based public transport. A distinctly branded bus service called Big10 was started by BMTC as part of the project. There are proposals to consider some of these corridors for BRTS.
Ring Roads.
CTTP and few other proposals have talked of implementing BRTS on two large ring roads in Bangalore. BRTS was considered by BDA for Outer Ring Road, but the road has instead been taken for conversion to a signal free corridor. BRTS has also been talked about for the Peripheral Ring Road (PRR). However, since PRR itself is still in design and planning stage, there has not been much progress regarding BRTS
Status, issues and opposition.
Some local public transport observers and citizens feel that most road corridors are too narrow for developing dedicated lanes for BRTS. Further, enforcement of traffic is generally seen to be weak, and many doubt if the city will be able to enforce dedicate lanes. Last, many feel that city is not mature yet to accept dedicated lanes, and private vehicle users may not like the proposal.
However, many feel that despite public statements of support for the concept, BRTS implementations have not made big progress due to lack of clear ownership between BMTC, BBMP, BDA and City Traffic Police.
Current status, CTTP or Ring Road recommendations.
The State Government has not taken up all recommendations from CTTP. BDA has been working on parts of the proposal since 2008. More recently, in early 2010, BDA had started on a detailed project report to implement BRTS on the eastern loop Outer Ring Road.
Bus Priority System.
To work over the perceptions against BRTS, Praja Bangalore, a citizen advocacy group is pushing for Bus Priority System, wherein there would be dedicated lanes, specialized signals, underpasses for the buses only at the critical choke points on critical radial corridors. Bangalore could move towards full fledged BRTS once the benefits of Bus Priority help work over the negative perceptions.

</doc>
<doc id="19987582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987582" title="Digital Reader 1000">
Digital Reader 1000

The Digital Reader 1000 (DR1000) was an e-Book reading device produced by iRex in the Netherlands. Production was ceased in 2010, when iRex filed for bankruptcy. The DR1000 was produced with a 10.2-inch (25.9 cm) e-ink display.BMP 
Versions.
Three different versions were planned:
The DR1000 has an internal memory of 128MB, and ships with a 1GB SD card. The manufacturer suggests this would be sufficient to store up to 1,000 documents or pictures. The S and SW models have touchscreens compatible with Wacom styluses.BMP 
Compatible formats.
The iRex DR1000 can display various text formats including PDF, TXT, HTML and Mobipocket. In addition, it can display images in BMP, GIF, JPEG, PNG, andTIFF formats.
Criticism.
The DR1000 was originally marketed as able to "last days" on a single battery charge, while users report battery life of 12 hours at most. The statement was removed from the IRex product page around the time that version 1.5 of the device firmware was released.

</doc>
<doc id="19987599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987599" title="Shinbashi Enbujō">
Shinbashi Enbujō

The is a theatre in the Ginza neighborhood of Tokyo, Japan. It is a major kabuki venue, though other types of performances take place there as well.
History.
The theatre was originally built in 1925 to provide a venue for the "Azuma Odori" geisha dance performances, by Kawamura Tokutarō, manager of the Morikawa geisha house, who raised two million yen in capital and established the Shinbashi Enbujō Corporation. The site, by chance, was formerly that of the Matsudaira clan residence which serves as the setting for the kabuki play ""Kagamiyama Kokyō no Nishikie"." Construction began in 1923, and was halted following the 1923 Great Kantō earthquake, but was completed in 1925.
The theatre entered into a contract in 1940 with Shōchiku, a major film and theatre production company, today the chief kabuki production company.
Since becoming associated with Shochiku, the theatre has regularly seen productions ranging from modern drama and musicals to the "shinpa" (New School) genre developed in the Meiji period, as well as kabuki. The Kabuki-za, located several blocks away, is the chief kabuki theatre in the world. It plays somewhat the role of a storehouse of tradition, and its stage is usually dominated by the top star actors in the genre. By contrast, many more experimental forms within the kabuki genre, as well as plays starring younger actors, are performed at the Shinbashi Enbujō. These include the Super Kabuki form pioneered by Ichikawa Ennosuke III, which incorporates Western music, Chinese, Indian, and other non-Japanese stylistic influences, and over-the-top stage special effects beyond that seen in typical kabuki, and the performances featuring the younger generation of kabuki stars.
The building was destroyed in the Allied bombing of Tokyo during World War II, but was reconstructed in 1948. Major renovations were undertaken in 1982, incorporating technological upgrades, extra seating, and expanding to take over the nearby Nissan Motors Building.
The Shinbashi Enbujō was the main kabuki theater from 2010 until March 2013 while the kabuki-za theater was undergoing construction.

</doc>
<doc id="19987601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987601" title="Fiorenza I Sanudo, Lady of Milos">
Fiorenza I Sanudo, Lady of Milos

Fiorenza Sanudo (died after 1397) was lady of the island of Milos in Frankish Greece.
She was a daughter of Marco Sanudo, Lord of Milos, and wife.
She married in 1383 Francesco I Crispo, who became the tenth Duke of the Archipelago, and had issue.

</doc>
<doc id="19987613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987613" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Techiman">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Techiman

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Techiman () is a diocese located in the city of Techiman in the Ecclesiastical province of Kumasi in Ghana.

</doc>
<doc id="19987615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987615" title="Děčínský Sněžník">
Děčínský Sněžník

The Děčínský Sněžník () is a mountain in the Czech Republic and, at above sea level, the highest peak in the Elbe Sandstone Mountains. The Sněžník is located in the Jílové municipality, west of Děčín in the Ústí nad Labem Region, in the mountainous area of Bohemian Switzerland, close to the border with Germany. 
One of the first historical figures to visit Děčínský Sněžník was Emperor Joseph II of Habsburg, who climbed the peak in September 1779. The Sněžník was considered an important geodetic point for triangulation and cartographers asked the owner of the principality of Děčín, Prince Franz of Thun and Hohenstein, for permission to establish the peak as a triangulation point. Prince Franz contracted the Dresden architect, Karl Moritz Haenel, to design a stone observation tower. The construction of the Neo-gothic tower at the summit of the Sněžník began in 1863. A nearby fault line a source of building material. The tower was finished in autumn 1864 and was originally used by geodesists, but the view attracted many visitors and in 1865 the local forest administration decided to build a small hostelry for them.
The observation tower at Děčínský Sněžník has remained a popular tourist attraction and lasted, with small modifications, for more than 80 years. After the Second World War the hostelry was abandoned as it had to be pulled down. Likewise the tower deteriorated and, by the 1980s, was in poor condition. Vandals contributed to the degradation of the tower, and its masonry started to collapse. The tower was assigned to the monument fund of the State Monument Preservation, but this formal step did not bring any improvement. In 1992 two million korunas were collected for the renovation of the tower, carried out by the Děčín Kamason company, and this was followed by the erection of a new inn. Since summer 1992 the tower at Děčínský Sněžník has again been open to the public and the peak is once again a popular tourist destination. It offers a panoramic view over Bohemian and Saxon Switzerland as far as Dresden to the north and the ridge of the Giant Mountains to the east. 
The summit is a stop on the E3 European long distance path. Ascents may be made from the little village of Jílové or from the Saxon municipality of Rosenthal-Bielatal to the north.

</doc>
<doc id="19987617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987617" title="Nikolai Gromov">
Nikolai Gromov

Nikolai Nikolayevich Gromov () (born 1892; died 1943) was an association football player.
International career.
Gromov played his only game for Russia on 14 September 1913 in a friendly against Norway.

</doc>
<doc id="19987618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987618" title="William Earl Ormshaw">
William Earl Ormshaw

William Earl Ormshaw (February 7, 1937 – March 25, 2007) was a Canadian hockey referee and a member of the Manitoba Hockey Hall of Fame since 2005. 
Ormshaw was born in Winnipeg and grew up on Pritchard Avenue. He attended Isaac Newton High School. 
He began his officiating career in the early 1960s, officiating young children. This was the beginning of his long standing career as an on-ice official. He worked his way through all levels of minor hockey until he began to referee higher levels of hockey. He began to work Intermediate hockey throughout the leagues in rural Manitoba, back when these games were officiated with only two referees as opposed to the more common three-official system. Ultimately, he officiated in the Western Canada Hockey League as both a referee and a linesman in the Canadian University, the Canadian Amateur Senior Hockey League (CASH), as well as virtually every league in Winnipeg and the surrounding areas. His recorded number of games throughout his officiating career number near 1800, which does not include his years of minor hockey, nor many of the championship events he worked.
His attended many prestigious events. He was a linesman at the World Junior Hockey Championships in Winnipeg in 1974-75. He was a referee at the Canadian University Championships in Trois-Rivières, Quebec in 1983-84. Ormshaw also officiated at three Canadian Allan Cups, all in Thunder Bay, Ontario. He officiated at two Centennial Cups in Selkirk and Portage la Prairie, Manitoba. He has refereed at three Hardy Cup championships with the Winnipeg North End Flyers as well as the Warroad Lakers.
One of the most prominent achievements that Ormshaw was awarded was his certification as a Level VI official by the Canadian Hockey Association. He received this certification in 1978 in Ottawa. The Canadian Hockey Association's officiating program has six levels, where only the most elite ever receive the recognition as a Level VI. 
Ormshaw was also a leader within the hockey program and community in Manitoba. He served as the Referee-In-Chief for many leagues, and until the day of his death on March 25, 2007, remained the Referee-In-Chief of the Manitoba Major Junior Hockey League. He was in a supervisory role at many prestigious and high profile events, including the Centennial Cup National Championships held in Winnipeg in 1992. Throughout his years, he was responsible for the development of countless officials that went on to national, international or professional competition, including NHL referees Vaughn Rody and Ryan Galloway.

</doc>
<doc id="19987646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987646" title="Grande Enciclopédia Portuguesa e Brasileira">
Grande Enciclopédia Portuguesa e Brasileira

Grande Enciclopédia Portuguesa e Brasileira ("Great Portuguese and Brazilian Encyclopaedia") is a Portuguese 40-volume encyclopedia, published between 1936 and 1960 by Editorial Enciclopédia.
It is both a dictionary, focusing on the study and the presentation of the words of the Portuguese language, and an encyclopaedia, covering all branches of knowledge. Articles are illustrated by drawings, photographs and maps. It is an especially rich resource for the history and culture of Portugal, and for some decades it was considered as the standard encyclopedia in Portugal.
10 supplemental volumes were published between 1981 and 1987.
In 1998-1999 another six-volume supplement was published by a new company, Edições Zairol.

</doc>
<doc id="19987660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987660" title="Swiftsure Yacht Race">
Swiftsure Yacht Race

The Swiftsure International Yacht Race is the premier long distance sailing race in the Pacific Northwest and British Columbia area. Starting and ending in Victoria, BC, Canada, the Swiftsure is international because the midpoint markers are in U.S. waters. Organized by the Royal Victoria Yacht Club, the race occurs during the last weekend in May with staggered starts on Saturday morning. The race is most popular with sailors from British Columbia and Washington, but it has drawn boats from as far away as California, Hawaii, New Zealand, and even Russia.
Race courses.
The nature of the course and the notoriously unpredictable winds and currents provide an exacting test of seamanship. Swiftsure consists of nine races over four courses (tabulated below) in the Strait of Juan de Fuca, including the Rosedale Rock (formally "Sookesure") and "Classics" races. Therefore, it offers wide appeal to the experienced amateur sailor who takes pride in his or her boat, big or small. In some years, light winds led to the race being dubbed the "Driftsure;" in other years, like 1971, 1979, and 2012, strong winds (up to 35 knots) have led to many boats dropping out or being dismasted. 
History.
The first Swiftsure Lightship Classic Race took place in 1930. Six vessels began in Cadboro Bay, raced out the Strait of Juan de Fuca to its mouth, rounded the lightship on Swiftsure Bank, and returned to Victoria. From 1948-1950, the race began in Port Townsend, WA, and ended in Victoria.

</doc>
<doc id="19987661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987661" title="Rogue Squadron (disambiguation)">
Rogue Squadron (disambiguation)

Rogue Squadron is a starfighter squadron in the science fiction saga "Star Wars".
Rogue Squadron may also refer to:
In video games:
In literature:

</doc>
<doc id="19987669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987669" title="Arena en los Bolsillos">
Arena en los Bolsillos

Arena en los bolsillos is the primero solo studio album from Spanish musician Manolo García, released in 1998. The album contains 12 individual songs, plus an alternate version of the song "Carbon y ramas secas" and an instrumental version of the song "Pajaros de Barro".

</doc>
<doc id="19987671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987671" title="Boeing/United Airlines Terminal Building, Hangar and Fountain">
Boeing/United Airlines Terminal Building, Hangar and Fountain

The Boeing United Airlines Terminal, Hangar and Fountain in Cheyenne, Wyoming were built for Boeing Air Transport between 1929 and 1934. The Louis Sullivan-influenced designs form a consistent theme in a time when Cheyenne Municipal Airport was a major air transport facility. The 1930 hangar was designed by Cheyenne architect Frederic Porter, Sr. The 1934 Art Deco fountain was designed as a memorial to early aviation history.
The hangar was designed by Fredric Porter, Sr.

</doc>
<doc id="19987677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987677" title="Nikolai Denisov">
Nikolai Denisov

Nikolai Mikhailovich Denisov () (born 1891 in Moscow; died 1959 in Moscow) was an association football player.
International career.
Denisov made his debut for Russia on 14 September 1913 in a friendly against Norway.

</doc>
<doc id="19987686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987686" title="Bangalore Commuter Rail">
Bangalore Commuter Rail

Bangalore Commuter Rail is a proposed suburban railway service for the city of Bangalore.
History.
A suburban rail system for Bangalore was first proposed in 2007. The proposal called for 10 routes totalling 204.0 km. The principle advantage of the system, according to the Rail Indian Technical and Economic Services (RITES), is that commuter rail costs less than rapid transit systems. It costs 15-20 trillion per kilometre for a commuter rail system, while metro rail would cost 2.50 billion and monorail 1.75 billion per km. Other advantages are that suburban trains can be run on existing tracks and do not require too many new tracks, the occupancy rate can be increased by adding coaches and adopting dedicated train paths, and the project can taken up in phases depending on areas, density of commuters, and other issues.
In November 2011, RITES conducted a feasibility study for a suburban rail service in Bangalore and submitted the report to the Directorate of Urban Land Transport (DULT) in June 2012. The report suggested the implementation of a suburban rail service in stages, but was not clear about the investment model. DULT asked RITES to make some modifications to the draft report. The final report was submitted in November 2012. The 179-page report proposed 3 long routes and 4 short distance routes making up a total rail network of 440.8 km. The 3 long routes were Bangalore-Mandya (92.88 km), Bangalore-Bangarpet (70.21 km), and Bangalore-Tumkur (64 km). The 4 short distance routes were Yeshwantpur- Yelahanka (12.45 km), Yelahanka-Baiyappanahalli (19.23 km), Yeshwantpur-Baiyappanahalli (16.12 km) and Yelahanka-Doddaballapur (20.72 km). The project will not require new tracks as the existing track network will serve the purpose. However, doubling of all lines and electrification is proposed in Phase-2 of the project.
The state government approved the suburban rail system on 5 July 2013. Chief Minister Siddaramaiah approved the system in the 2013-14 state budget that he presented on 9 July 2013. The budget proposed the setting up of the Bangalore Suburban Rail Corporation Limited, a special purpose vehicle to implement the project, and allocated to implement the system. Phase I (A) of the project included all work for the system that could be completed immediately, such as procurement of 5 MEMU rakes, making City Railway Station to Cantonment into a twin single line system, implementing automatic signalling for Cantonment to Byappanahalli, and the development of four pit lines at Byappanahalli and two additional pit lines at Yeshwanthpur. Pit lines are washing lines with an open pit at the base used for dumping. These lines are used for cleaning and maintenance purposes, before the train makes begins its next journey. The DULT plans to build four of seven lines proposed by RITES. The DULT will prepare a Detailed Report Project (DPR) of Phase 1A, which includes the Bangalore City-Nayandahalli-Jnanabharathi-Kengeri-Hejjala-Bidadi-Ramanagara and Bangalore City-Bangalore Cantonment-Bangalore East-KR Puram-Whitefield-Devanagonthi-Malur lines. The DPR is expected to be completed by December 2013.
Routes proposed.
Several routes have been proposed. The following four routes are part of the most recent proposal being studied by RITES:
The routes proposed earlier were:
Total: 204 km
An alternate proposal to CTTP was made by Praja Bangalore in July 2010. This route map was released as a part of the call to action report produced.
A maglev based system will connect Baiyyapanahalli to Hosur in 5 minutes, Tumkur to Yeshwanthpur in 8 minutes, Yelahanka to Dodaballapura in 3 minutes, Ramanagara to Kengeri in 4 minutes, if a Maglev system is built with Japanese technology. Building such a system will make commute to the work and home out side the of the city a matter of minute, de-congesting the city to a great extent. Such a system will reduce the traffic on the road and people will prefer public transport over personal vehicle because of the time savings they bring in.
Integrated public transport system.
Suburban railway system across the world(specially in Europe) have become successful, only if they are tightly integrated with the other public transport by sharing the stations or having underground pedestrian passage which can connect different kind of Public transport systems, like Stockholm Central Station. Ease of use, speed of travel, common pass for all public transport and the information regarding the waiting time for the next service makes the public transport successful. Metro, Light Rail, Mono Rail, Airport link, Bus(Local and long distance), long distance Train, Bicycle Parking, Taxi and auto rickshaw all needs to be integrated to make the suburban rail self sustaining. Integration and seamless transfer of passengers from other public transport to the suburban rail will determine the patronage of the suburban rail. To date, Indian Railway passenger trains are considered to be the fastest way to travel from one part of bangalore to another. Bangallore Metro has chosen Standard gauge(even for new lines to be constructed in future), where as suburban train will use Broadgauge. Because of this there is Break-of-gauge, resulting in operational hinderance for end-to-end integration of the both of the networks.

</doc>
<doc id="19987707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987707" title="Stearman M-2 Speedmail">
Stearman M-2 Speedmail

__NOTOC__
The Stearman M-2 Speedmail was a mail-carrier aircraft produced by the Stearman Aircraft Company of Wichita, Kansas. It first flew in January 1929. The Speedmail was a single seat biplane, with two large cargo compartments in place of a front cockpit. The fuselage and tail unit were constructed from welded chrome-moly steel tube faired with wooden formers and fabric covered aft of the pilots cockpit, detachable aluminium alloy panels covered the fuselage forward of the pilots cockpit. The wings were constructed from spruce spars and plywood built-up ribs, all fabric covered. It differed from previous Stearman aircraft by having a tailwheel instead of a tailskid due to its size and weight. 
Lloyd Stearman and Mac Short, (Stearman's V.P. engineering), designed the Speedmail to the requirements of Varney Air Lines, which needed a new mail carrier with greater capacity to fly the Air Mail contracts they acquired from the U.S. Postal service while still being able to land on short, unimproved airstrips. This was achieved by using a new type of airfoil section allowing high lift at low speeds without affect the cruising speed. The result was a sturdy aircraft with a large cargo capacity. Varney Air Lines' pilots found the aircraft often difficult to handle and the Wright R-1750 Cyclone engine was plagued with frequent maintenance issues.
To enable Interstate Air Lines to fly passengers on its Air Mail routes from Atlanta, Stearman enlarged the M-2, into the LT-1(Light Transport), adding a four-seat enclosed cabin in place of the forward cargo compartments, the payload capacity allowed for four passenger plus luggage and 500 pounds of cargo or mail.
A further development was the CAB-1(also known as the Stearman Coach) which was designed with an enclosed cabin for use as a business aircraft. Unlike the LT-1, the pilot was inside the enclosed cabin and in front of the passengers. However, the trend toward using monoplanes as executive aircraft meant that only one was built which was later dismantled when sales failed to materialize.
References.
Lopez, Alan (2012). Bull Stearman: The Story of the Stearman M-2 Speedmail. Princeton: Mountain Press

</doc>
<doc id="19987714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987714" title="Cisco FWSM">
Cisco FWSM

The Firewall Services Module (FWSM) is a firewall module integrated by Cisco into its Komodo blade on Catalyst 6500 Switches and 7600 Series Routers.
Installed inside a Cisco Catalyst 6500 Series Switch or Cisco 7600 Internet Router, the FWSM allows any VLAN on the switch to be passed through to the device to operate as a firewall port and integrates firewall security inside the network infrastructure.
The FWSM is based on Cisco PIX technology and uses the same Cisco PIX Operating System, a secure, real-time operating system. The Cisco FWSM enables organizations to manage multiple firewalls from the same management platform.
Hardware.
The FWSM has five processors, two central CPUs (Pentium III 1 GHz processor) and three network processors (IBM 4GS3 PowerNP). It is unknown if both of the Pentium CPUs are used for management.
The central CPUs are responsible for fixups and for traffic sourced from and destined to the FWSM itself (mainly management traffic). The central CPUs are also responsible for rule-base compilation. The rulebase is converted (compiled) into configuration for the Network Processors, so the majority of the traffic is handled in dedicated hardware.
The three Network Processors in the FWSM handle the majority of the traffic. Fast Path NP1 and NP2 handle the main traffic and have each three 1 Gigabit connections to the Backplane. The third NP sits above NP1 and NP2 and is the session manager.
As the rulebase is compiled into hardware, the FWSM has clear restrictions on the maximum number of Access Control Entries (ACE). The limitation is only reached with large and inefficient rulebases. The limit cannot be extended by memory upgrade as on PIX and ASA platforms.
Features.
Resource manager helps organizations limit the resources allocated to any security context at any time thus ensuring that one security context does not interfere with another. 
The transparent firewall feature configures the FWSM to act as a Layer 2 bridging firewall resulting in minimal changes to network topology. 

</doc>
<doc id="19987733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987733" title="Nicholas II Sanudo">
Nicholas II Sanudo

Nicholas II Sanudo (or "Niccolò"; died aft. 1374), called Spezzabanda, Lord of Gridia (a fief in Andros) and eight Consort Duke of the Archipelago, was a son of Guglielmazzo Sanudo, Lord of Gridia, and wife, and the second husband of his cousin Florence Sanudo, seventh Duchess of the Archipelago, with whom he reigned until her death.
Her first marriage was to Giovanni dalle Carceri, Lord of Euboea, but he died in 1358, without issue. She tried to remarry, first to the Vignoso, Genoese Lord of Chios, and then to Nerio I Acciajuoli, the future Duke of Athens, but both potential husbands were vetoed by the Republic of Venice, which kidnapped her and brought to Crete. There she was forced to marry in 1364 her cousin Nicholas II Sanudo Spezzabanda, whom the Venetians entitled eight Consort Duke.
By his cousin, he left only daughters: Maria, who inherited Andros, and Elisabetta Sanudo.

</doc>
<doc id="19987735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987735" title="The Beaches of Cheyenne">
The Beaches of Cheyenne

"The Beaches of Cheyenne" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music singer Garth Brooks. It was released in December 1995 as the third of six singles from album "Fresh Horses". The song became Brooks's 15th "Billboard" Number One hit in March 1996. Which was written by Brooks, Bryan Kennedy and Dan Roberts.
Background and writing.
On the 1995 TV Special, "The Garth Brooks Story," Garth explains that the song's meaning didn't end up the way he planned:
""Was Supposed to be real funny. Kind of like cowboys on the beach, kind of, swingin' kind of thing. Then it went to a guy on the beach that would come home from a suit and tie job. He never had any cowboy talents, but he always wanted to be one. So he just comes home slips off his shoes and goes out and walks on the beach and dreams of Wyoming and stuff. Then out of just a fluke, one time passing through, it came with ... every night she walks the beaches of Cheyenne. We looked at each other and said, "This ain't gonna be funny boys.""
Content.
"The Beaches of Cheyenne" is a mid-tempo set in the key of G major. Brooks's vocals range from C4 (middle C) to E5.
The lyrics describe a woman who "just went crazy" after her husband decides to participate in a rodeo against her wishes and is killed in the bull riding event. The grieving woman, as a result, ran out into the ocean. Although her body was never found, the narrator explains that "if you go down by the water / You'll see her footprints in the sand / 'Cause every night she walks the beaches of Cheyenne."
Track listing.
European EP Single
U.S. DJ Promo CD Single
Capitol D-Pro-10332, 1996
U.S. 7" Jukebox Single
Capitol Nashville 19022, 1996
Reception.
Stephen Thomas Erlewine of Allmusic considered "The Beaches of Cheyenne" one of the stronger tracks on the album, saying that Brooks "let his guard down" because, unlike the rest of the album, he was not "trying too hard." "Entertainment Weekly" critic Alanna Nash called it a "confusing ghost story."
Chart history.
The song debuted on the "Billboard" country charts on the week of December 9, 1995, along with four album cuts from "Fresh Horses": "The Old Stuff", "Rollin'", "It's Midnight Cinderella" and "That Ol' Wind", of which the latter two were later released as singles. On the chart week of March 16, 1996, it became Brooks's fifteenth "Billboard" Number One hit, holding the position for one week.

</doc>
<doc id="19987736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987736" title="Ivan Yegorov (footballer)">
Ivan Yegorov (footballer)

Ivan Vasilyevich Yegorov () (born 1891; died 1943) was an association football player.
International career.
Yegorov played his only game for Russia on May 4, 1913 in a friendly against Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="19987738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987738" title="Zarautz KE">
Zarautz KE

Zarautz Kirol Elkartea is a Spanish football team based in Zarautz, in the autonomous community of Basque Country. Founded in 1944 it plays in División de Honor, holding home games at "Estadio Asti", which has a capacity of 1,000 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="19987748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987748" title="Victor Ovcharenko">
Victor Ovcharenko

Victor Ovcharenko (; February 5, 1943 – May 5, 2009) was a Russian philosopher, sociologist, historian and psychologist. He also was a PhD., professor, academician of the Russian Academy of Natural Sciences (1997), academician of the Academy for Humanities Research (1998) and academician of the Academy of Pedagogical and Social Sciences (2000). He co-edited the journals "The Psychoanalytical Bulletin", "The Bulletin of Psychoanalysis", etc. He was a forerunner (with V.S. Stepin) of the Minsk philosophical school "Humanities Encyclopedia". He is considered one of the founders of modern Belarusian sociology.
Biography.
In 1969 he graduated from the historical department of the Belarusian State University (BSU). After finishing post-graduate study at the chair of philosophy of BSU he wrote his doctoral thesis "Critical analysis of the personality theory of Freud's psychoanalytical system" (1973, BSU). From 1972 to 1982 he worked as a lecturer, a senior lecturer, and an assistant professor of the chair of philosophy at the BSU.
In 1982-1983 he was an assistant professor of the chair of philosophy at the Refresher Institute for Lectures of Social Sciences of the BSU. From 1983-1987 he worked as an assistant professor of the chair of philosophy at the Refresher Institute for Lecturers of Social Sciences of Moscow State University, named after M.V. Lomonosov.
In 1987 he was an assistant professor and later a professor (1995) of the chair of philosophy at Moscow State Linguistic University. His doctoral thesis was "Genesis, Foundations, Forms and Tendencies of Sociological Psychologism Development as a Phenomenon of Social Thought" (1995, MSU).
Scientific achievements.
The scientific achievements of V.Ocharenko connect sociological psychologism, the problems of personality and interpersonal relations, the contents and models of mind; history, the theory and methodology of psychoanalysis and post-freudism, the human dimensions of world history, alienation and humanism, the history of philosophy, sociology and psychology; metaphilosophy and methods of teaching philosophy.
He proved that the creation of the Western and Eastern versions of conceptual humanism were one of the first socially significant results of systematic philosophical activity in the Ancient world.
He researched paradigms and trends of classical and modern social thought. In 1990 he elaborated the foundations of the sociological psychologism— "concept that regards action and interaction of social, group and individual psychical factors as a premise of research and explanation of social phenomena and processes" .
In 1993 V.Ovcharenko initiated the campaign to return original documents and materials about the history of the Russian Psychoanalytical movement to Russia.
In 1994 he published the "Psychoanalytical Glossary" — the first Russian language edition of a dictionary and reference book on psychoanalysis that presented systematized data on the history of psychoanalysis, its ideas and leaders, terminology, founding documents, classical and modern schools and theories. He has marked out three principal stages in the development of classical psychoanalysis: 1) Clinical (1896—1905), 2) Psychological (1905—1913) and 3) Metaphysical (1913—1939).
In 1996 V.Ovcharenko worked out the first historical periods of the Russian psychoanalysis and psychoanalytical movement. With Russian psychoanalyst V.Leibin, he published "The Anthology of Russian Psychoanalysis" (in two volumes) describing the first century of Russian psychoanalytical ideas.
V.Ovcharenko introduced the categories of "sociological psychologism", "conceptual problematic complex", "conceptual problematic associations", "latent and contact world history", "dispersed rational sphere", "dispersed psychoanalytical sphere", "multibasisness of a person", etc. He published about 1500 articles in different countries. These include more than 700 biographies of philosophers, sociologists, psychologists and psychoanalysts. He also wrote articles in Russian and foreign journals, encyclopedias and dictionaries.

</doc>
<doc id="19987752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987752" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Anse-à-Veau and Miragoâne">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Anse-à-Veau and Miragoâne

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Anse-à-Veau and Miragoâne () is a diocese located in the Nippes Department in the Ecclesiastical province of Port-au-Prince in Haiti.

</doc>
<doc id="19987761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987761" title="1970–71 New York Knicks season">
1970–71 New York Knicks season

The 1970–71 New York Knicks season was the 24th season for the team in the National Basketball Association (NBA). New York entered the season as the defending NBA champions, having won the 1970 NBA Finals. In the 1970–71 regular season, the Knicks finished in first place in the Atlantic Division with a 52–30 record, and qualified for the NBA Playoffs for the fifth consecutive year.
New York began its NBA title defense with a 4–1 series victory over the Atlanta Hawks in the first round of the 1971 NBA Playoffs. In the Eastern Conference Finals, the Baltimore Bullets defeated the Knicks in seven games, ending the team's chances for a repeat championship.
Draft picks.
"Note:" This is not an extensive list; it only covers the first and second rounds, and any other players picked by the franchise that played at least one game in the league.
Playoffs.
East Conference Semifinals.
(A1) New York Knicks vs. (C2) Atlanta Hawks: "Knicks win series 4–1"
East Conference Finals.
(A1) New York Knicks vs. (C1) Baltimore Bullets: "Bullets win series 4–3"

</doc>
<doc id="19987773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987773" title="James Walker (writer/filmmaker)">
James Walker (writer/filmmaker)

James Walker (born June 19, 1979) is a British writer and filmmaker. He lives in London and studied at Radley College and Trinity College, Cambridge University where he read English and received a 1st Class Honors Degree. He is a director of Magma Pictures His first feature film "Blooded", had a UK cinema release on 1 April 2011 and was released on the UK DVD market . Blooded caused a great deal of controversy at the time of the films release, promotional viral videos where removed from video sharing websites following action by animal rights protesters.
Directing credits.
Into Swans 
(Short film: 15 mins,16mm) Drama (2004).
One Small Leap
(Short film: 3 mins,16mm) Comedy (2002).
Taboo
(Short film: 30 mins, BetaSP) Thriller (1998).
Gemini
(Theatre) Produced ADC Theatre, Cambridge (2000).
On the Breast of a Woman 
(Theatre) Produced ADC Theatre, Cambridge (2001).
Writing credits.
Blooded
(Feature film) Thriller (2011).
Proving Mr Jennings
(Theatre) Winner, King’s Cross New Writing Award (2004).
Into Swans
(Short film) Drama (2003).
One Small Leap
(Short film) Comedy (2002).
On The Breast of a Woman
(Theatre) Drama. Produced Queens’ Theatre, Cambridge (2001).
Born to be Wild
(Theatre) Produced C Venues, Edinburgh Festival (2000).
Broadcast on BBC World Service, December (2000).
Gemini
(Theatre) Produced ADC Theatre, Cambridge (2000).
Awards.
Film.
Winner, Best UK Short, Raindance 2003.
Winner, Cocotte-Minute Prix, Brest Film Festival 2003.
HTV Award, Brief Encounters 2002.
Best Director, Capalbio International Film Festival 2003.
F.I.C.E Award, Capalbio International Film Festival 2003.
Runner-up, Aprille Award, Milan Film Festival 2002.
Theater.
Winner, King’s Cross New Writing Award, 2004.
Nominated for London Writers Award, 2002.
Winner, BATS New Writing Award, 2000.
Selected to participate in the Berlinale Talent Campus, 2003.
Blooded Critical Response.
The film's topic has provoked reactions from parties on both side of the hunting debate in the UK. In promoting the film, its makers originally asserted that it was a re-creation of an actual event that occurred after the enactment of the 2005 hunting ban in England, maintaining that the film, rather than trying to make any political points, only investigates "the nature of extremism" in any form, and "encourages debate".
The Evening Standard wrote that the film "caused outrage after graphic scenes showing activists attacking five deer-stalkers were posted on the internet, in a viral publicity campaign."
The Independent noted the film's controversial stance, and that as the film's asserted protagonists were a group of extreme animal activists, it generated "much chatter on the interweb" after clips appeared on Youtube. They wrote however, "it all has the whiff of a clever publicity stunt". This is a stance echoed in many other online reviews with suggestions that it is a mockumentary that leaves the viewer with "no doubt that it is fabricated". 
The List classed it as an example of a "fantastic piece of filmmaking that shows what is achievable if you get creative within your budget".

</doc>
<doc id="19987810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987810" title="Order of the Star of Anjouan">
Order of the Star of Anjouan

The Ordre de l'Étoile d'Anjouan (Order of the Star of Anjouan) was a French colonial order of knighthood founded in 1874. It was established in 1874 by sultan Mohamed-Saïd-Omar of the Comoros island of Anjouan, reorganised on 18 June 1892 and authorised and recognised by the French government on 12 September 1896. It was made a French Overseas Order in 1950.
In this case a local order was adopted by he French, although they reorganised and redesigned it. Another Anjouan orde, the Star of Said Ali was not adopted. 
The Ordre de l'Étoile d'Anjouan has five classes: "Grand-croix, Grand-officier, Commandeur, Officier and Chevalier". It was not awarded from the institution of the Ordre national du Mérite in December 1963 (it is one of the historical orders of France) until its revival in 2000 by the sultan of Anjouan.

</doc>
<doc id="19987812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987812" title="Alberta B. Farrington Softball Stadium">
Alberta B. Farrington Softball Stadium

Alberta B. Farrington Softball Stadium is the home of the Arizona State University Sun Devils college softball team. The stadium holds 1,535 fans and was built around the old stadium's existing field and the new stadium was designed by the architecture firm of Jones Studio, Inc. and was completed in 2000. 
Farrington Stadium is considered one of the nation's top collegiate softball fields providing high-end amenities such as chair-back bleachers and individual seats, restrooms, built-in concessions, and stadium shop for fans. 
The Sun Devils have earned 16 postseason bids, fourth all-time in the Pac-10 Conference, and has made four trips to the Women's College World Series. Prior to the current NCAA format, ASU went to seven WCWS, claiming back-to-back national tiles in 1972 and 1973.In 2008, the softball team won the universities first Women's College World Series sweeping the Texas A&M Aggies(3 game sweep) in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.

</doc>
<doc id="19987814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987814" title="Samuel L. Selden">
Samuel L. Selden

Samuel Lee Selden (October 12, 1800 Lyme, New London County, Connecticut - September 20, 1876 Rochester, Monroe County, New York) was an American lawyer and politician from New York. He was Chief Judge of the New York Court of Appeals in 1862.
Life.
He was the son of Calvin Selden and Phebe Ely Selden. In 1821, he moved to Rochester, New York following his sister who had married Rochester lawyer Joseph Spencer. Selden studied law with Addison Gardiner, and formed a partnership with him after being admitted to the bar in 1825. On July 27, 1831, Selden married Susan Matilda Ward.
From 1831 to 1837, he was First Judge of the Monroe County Court.
From 1847 to 1855, he was a justice of the New York Supreme Court.
He was a judge of the New York Court of Appeals from 1856 to 1862, elected on the Hard Democratic ticket. He was Chief Judge from January to July 1862 when he resigned from the bench, and his brother Henry R. Selden was appointed to fill the vacancy.

</doc>
<doc id="19987818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987818" title="Nicholas III dalle Carceri">
Nicholas III dalle Carceri

Nicholas III dalle Carceri (or "Niccolò"; died 1383), ninth Duke of the Archipelago and Lord of Euboea, was the only son of the first marriage of eight Duchess Florence Sanudo, whom he succeeded in 1371, to Giovanni dalle Carceri, Lord of Euboea.
He married Petronilla, daughter of Leonardo I Tocco, without issue. He had an illegitimate son, named Francesco.
After his murder in 1383, Nicholas was succeeded by Francesco I Crispo, who had married his cousin Fiorenza I Sanudo, Lady of Milos.
He had two half-sisters by his mother's second marriage to their cousin Nicholas II Sanudo, called Spezzabanda, whom the Venetians entitled eight Consort Duke: Maria and Elisabetta Sanudo.

</doc>
<doc id="19987822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987822" title="Pyotr Yezhov">
Pyotr Yezhov

Pyotr Ivanovich Yezhov () (born October 12, 1900 in Gatchina; died January 17, 1975 in Moscow) was a Soviet football player and manager.
International career.
Yezhov played his only game for USSR on November 16, 1924 in a friendly against Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="19987829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987829" title="Liddle">
Liddle

People named Liddle include:

</doc>
<doc id="19987830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987830" title="Shameless (song)">
Shameless (song)

"Shameless" is a song written by American singer Billy Joel and recorded on his 1989 album "Storm Front". His version was a #40 single on the Hot Adult Contemporary Tracks charts. Two years later, the song was covered by country music artist Garth Brooks on his third studio album, 1991's "Ropin' the Wind". Brooks' rendering of the song was his seventh Number One hit on the "Billboard" country charts in late 1991. It also reached #71 on the UK Singles Chart.
Background and production.
Garth Brooks version.
The song features harmony vocals by Trisha Yearwood. Garth provided the following background information on the song in the CD booklet liner notes from "The Hits":
""Shameless" was the longest shot we took with a song. I was talked into becoming a member of a CD club... you know, the 40,000 CD's for a penny deal. With those clubs they write you with the selection of the month. If you don't write back and cancel, then they send it to you and charge you for it. I was on the road for six months with no one to check the mail and came home to find six compact discs in my mailbox. Storm Front by Billy Joel was one of them. I hadn't listened to Billy Joel since the late seventies, probably since Glass Houses. I fell in love with the album and fell back in love with Billy Joel's music. One of his songs really captured me, a song called "Shameless." I kept watching it, and when he did not release it as a single, we contacted his people in the hopes that we could cut it. His people sent us a letter acknowledging that he knew who I was and was very honored that I was cutting it. That was quite a compliment for me then, as it is now. My hope is that Billy, as writer, hears this cut and says, "Yeah, man, the guy's got balls.""
Garth Brooks performed "Shameless" with Billy Joel during Joel's "Last Play at Shea" concerts in 2008, and after Brooks performed it in his Central Park concert in 1999, Joel came out on stage and they sang a duet of "New York State of Mind." In June 2010, Joel and Brooks performed the song together again when Brooks was inducted to the Songwriters Hall of Fame by Joel.
Reception.
Garth Brooks version.
Stephen Thomas Erlewine of Allmusic described Brooks' rendering of the song favorably in his review of the album, saying that Brooks "made his '70s rock influences more explicit" by "transform the song from a rock power ballad into contemporary country."

</doc>
<doc id="19987850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987850" title="Georg Karck">
Georg Karck

Georg Karck (11 June 1911 — 3 July 1944) was a Sturmbannführer (Major) in the Waffen-SS who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.
He joined the SS on the 1 October 1931 and issued with the SS service number 17 690. 
he was the commander of the 9th Company, 2nd SS Panzer Grenadier Regiment, 1st SS Division Leibstandarte SS Adolf Hitler
When he was awarded the Knight's Cross.
He went on to command the 2nd Battalion, 2nd SS Panzer Grenadier Regiment "LSSAH", and was killed in a road traffic accident
in Normandy, France.

</doc>
<doc id="19987871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987871" title="Frankfurt Marathon">
Frankfurt Marathon

The Frankfurt Marathon (official name until 2010: Commerzbank Frankfurt Marathon, as of 2011: BMW Frankfurt Marathon) is a marathon which has taken place every year in Frankfurt am Main since its inception in 1981. It is the longest-established city marathon in Germany and in terms of the number of finishers, Germany's second-largest. It is organised by the agency motion events.
History.
Five years after the first New York City Marathon, it was decided that the time was right to launch marathons within German cities. The OSC Hoechst 1960 athletics club organised the first Frankfurt Marathon in 1981, with Hoechst itself serving as the main sponsors. During the course of the same year, the Berlin Marathon and the Rhein-Ruhr-Marathon were also run for the first time. 
Despite the number of finishers continually rising from 2588 in its first year to 7297 in 1985, Hoechst stopped organising the event. As a consequence, the marathon did not take place in 1986. In 1987 the city of Frankfurt and the athletics department of Eintracht Frankfurt reinstated the race. The date was moved to October and the Messegelände (exhibition grounds) became the new site for the start and finish. 
Course.
The start of the course is on the Friedrich-Ebert-Anlage next to the iconic Messeturm. Upon reaching the Platz der Republik the course turns left into Mainzer Landstrasse. After a lap of the Taunusanlage athletes return to the start of the course and continue onwards to the Bockenheimer Warte, before going to the Alter Oper via Bockenheimer Landstrasse. The course then continues along Reuterweg and Bremer Strasse in a northerly direction as far as the Westend Campus at the University of Frankfurt, before returning to Opernplatz via Eschersheimer Landstrasse and the Bockenheimer Anlage. Continuing into Junghofstrasse the course heads into Roßmarkt then past the Frankfurt Stock Exchange , the Eschenheimer Tor and the Friedberger Tor before turning south towards and over the Alte Brücke over the River Main which brings the athletes into the suburb of Sachsenhausen on the southern side of the river. Athletes then run parallel to the Main in a westerly direction into the suburbs of Niederrad and Schwanheim. The only notable ascent on the course occurs at the bridge back over the Main in Schwanheim, and the participants continue westwards to the Bolangaropalast in Hoechst, Frankfurt's most westerly suburb. Athletes then turn back towards the city centre and run through the suburb of Nied via the Mainzer Landstrasse. The Galluswarte can be seen after 34 kilometres and the Alter Oper after 36. The course then continues along Taunusstrasse and Kaiserstrasse past the Taunusanlage and then the Roßmarkt is negotiated for the second time to Eschenheim. The last three kilometres go back past the Alter Oper and via the Platz der Republik into the Festhalle, where athletes run the last few metres on a specially-laid red carpet before crossing the finishing line. 
The Hammering Man is regarded as an unofficial symbol of the race. 
List of winners.
Key: 

</doc>
<doc id="19987877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987877" title="Decimus Govett">
Decimus Govett

Decimus Storry Govett (1827–30 August 1912) was an Anglican priest in the last decades of the 19th century and the first two of the 20th.
He was born in 1827 and educated at Wadham College, Oxford. After ordination he held curacies at Ashford, Staines and Frampton Cotterell and was then a chaplain at Antibes, Nice and Marseilles; after which he became archdeacon, then Dean of Gibraltar. He died on 30 August 1912.

</doc>
<doc id="19987878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987878" title="Ray C. Bliss Institute of Applied Politics">
Ray C. Bliss Institute of Applied Politics

The Ray C. Bliss Institute of Applied Politics is a nonpartisan research and educational organization located at the University of Akron in Akron, OH. The Bliss Institute, founded in 1986, is named for Ray C. Bliss, University of Akron alumnus, university trustee and former chair of the Republican National Committee. The Bliss Institute is also one of the few academic institutions which grants a master's in applied politics. This degree prepares individuals for a hands career-based approach to political science. Dr.John C. Green is the center's director.

</doc>
<doc id="19987889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987889" title="Club San Ignacio">
Club San Ignacio

Club San Ignacio is a football team based in Vitoria-Gasteiz in the autonomous community of Basque Country. Founded in 1964, the team plays in Preferente of Álava. The club's home ground is "Adurtzabal", which has a capacity of 400 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="19987896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987896" title="X-Video Bitstream Acceleration">
X-Video Bitstream Acceleration

X-Video Bitstream Acceleration (XvBA), designed by AMD Graphics for its Radeon GPU and Fusion APU, is an arbitrary extension of the X video extension (Xv) for the X Window System on Linux operating-systems. XvBA API allows video programs to offload portions of the video decoding process to the GPU video-hardware. Currently, the portions designed to be offloaded by XvBA onto the GPU are currently motion compensation (MC) and inverse discrete cosine transform (IDCT), and variable-length decoding (VLD) for MPEG-2, MPEG-4 ASP (MPEG-4 Part 2, including Xvid, and older DivX and Nero Digital), MPEG-4 AVC (H.264), WMV3, and VC-1 encoded video.
XvBA is a direct competitor to NVIDIA's Video Decode and Presentation API for Unix (VDPAU) and Intel's Video Acceleration API (VAAPI).
In November 2009 a XvBA backend for Video Acceleration API (VA API) was released, which means any software that supports VA API will also support XvBA.
On 24 February 2011, an official XvBA SDK (Software Development Kit) was publicly released alongside a suite of open source tools by AMD.
Device drivers.
Each hardware video GPU capable of XvBA video acceleration requires a X11 software device driver to enable these features. Currently only AMD's ATI Radeon graphics cards hardware that have support for Unified Video Decoder version 2.0 or later (primarily the Radeon HD 4000 series or later) are supported by the proprietary ATI Catalyst device driver.

</doc>
<doc id="19987903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987903" title="Order of the Black Star">
Order of the Black Star

The Order of the Black Star ("Ordre de l'Étoile Noire") was an order of knighthood established on 1 December 1889 at Porto-Novo by Toffa, future king of Dahomey (today the Republic of Benin). Approved and recognised by the French government on 30 July 1894, after the establishment of the new statutes of 30 August 1892, according this distinction to all those who worked to develop French influence on the west coast of Africa. 
Classes.
The order has five classes: "Grand-croix" (grand cross), "Commandeur avec plaque" (commander with plaque), "Commandeur" (commander), "Officier" (officer), and "Chevalier" (knight).
The order was deprecated by decree on 3 December 1963, and superseded by the Ordre National du Mérite. Extant members of the order are permitted to wear their original decorations.

</doc>
<doc id="19987912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987912" title="Hameed Youssef">
Hameed Youssef

Hameed Youssef Al-Qallaf (born 10 August 1987) is a Kuwaiti football player who currently plays for Al Yarmouk as Goalkeeper.

</doc>
<doc id="19987928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987928" title="Linda Rosenstock">
Linda Rosenstock

Linda Rosenstock is a public health specialist and administrator. She served as the director for the National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health from 1994 through 2000 and has been the dean of the University of California, Los Angeles School of Public Health since 2000.
Early career.
Linda Rosenstock was born in New York City in 1950. She studied psychology, receiving an A.B. from Brandeis University in Waltham, Massachusetts. She continued her education at Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore where she studied medicine and public health simultaneously. In 1977 she received her M.D. from the Johns Hopkins School of Medicine and M.P.H. from the Johns Hopkins School of Public Health.
With both an M.D. and M.P.H., Rosenstock opted to emphasize public health over clinical health, expressing a desire reach as many people as possible. She articulated this decision later, saying "Who wouldn't want to improve health for thousands or millions at a time?"
Rosenstock began post-graduate training at the University of Washington, completing her residency in 1980. She continued on at the university as a chief resident in primary care internal medicine. She was a Robert Wood Johnson Clinical Scholar from 1980 to 1982. In 1993, Rosenstock attained the rank of full professor in the Department of Medicine at the University of Washington, and professor in the Department of Environmental Health in the School of Public Health and Community Medicine. Over this time, she published numerous articles and three books. From 1993 to 1994, Rosenstock chaired the United Auto Workers/General Motors Occupational Health Advisory Board.
Director of National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health.
In 1994 Dr. Rosenstock was named director of the National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health (NIOSH) in Washington, D.C. She led a staff of 1,500 at the only federal agency with a mandate to undertake research and prevention activities in occupational safety and health. However, after only six months in the position, Rosenstock was threatened with the dissolution of the Institute. The 104th Congress attempted to dismantle NIOSH in 1995, though it was ultimately unsuccessful. Following this threat, NIOSH's responsibilities, staff, and budget grew.
NORA.
As director of NIOSH, Rosenstock was instrumental in creating the National Occupational Research Agenda, a framework for guiding occupational safety and health research. She led this effort, which involved hundreds of external partners, to identify pressing workplace health risks and to collaborate among the partners to address them. During Rosenstock's tenure, NIOSH acquired the health and safety functions of the former Bureau of Mines and its staff of 400 in the Pittsburgh and Spokane research centers. Rosenstock emphasized practical recommendations, including new NIOSH respirator testing and certification requirements and the use of engineering controls in industry.
Awards.
For her work at NIOSH, Rosenstock received the Presidential Distinguished Executive Rank Award, the government's highest executive service award. Additionally, the Institute's successes were honored by Vice President Gore with a Hammer Award for excellence in reinventing government.
Dean of UCLA School of Public Health.
In 2000, Rosenstock accepted the position of dean of the School of Public Health at the University of California, Los Angeles. In a press release, she stated "While I am excited about this new opportunity, it is difficult to leave NIOSH and all that we have accomplished over the last six years. I sincerely believe that working people are better off because of NIOSH's research and prevention activities. I am confident that the hard work and dedication to the field of occupational safety and health will continue long after I have left the Institute."
As dean, Rosenstock oversees 700 graduate students and more than 180 faculty members. She holds appointments as Professor of Medicine and Environmental Health Sciences.
Other work.
Rosenstock has been active internationally in teaching and research in occupational health and has served as an advisor to the World Health Organization. This included health effects studies in Latin America. She is an Honorary Fellow of the Royal College of Physicians and a member of the Society of Medical Administrators and the National Academy of Sciences' Institute of Medicine. As a member of the National Academy of Sciences' Institute of Medicine (IOM), Rosenstock sits on the Board on Health Sciences Policy, and in 2003 she co-chaired the IOM committee addressing public health workforce needs.

</doc>
<doc id="19987964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987964" title="Frederick Paul Keppel">
Frederick Paul Keppel

Frederick Paul Keppel (July 2, 1875 - February 8, 1943) was an American educator and executive in the field of philanthropy. In education he served as dean of Columbia College, in government he served as Third Assistant Secretary of War, and in philanthropy he served as president of the Carnegie Corporation.
Biography.
Early life and education.
Frederick Paul Keppel was born on Staten Island, New York City, New York, United States on July 2, 1875, into a family of Dutch and Irish ancestry. His father was the senior member of the international art firm Frederick Keppel and Company. Between high school and college, Keppel worked for his father's print dealing business. In 1898 he graduated with a Bachelor of Arts from Columbia University and later earned honorary doctorates from Columbia University, University of Pittsburgh, University of Michigan, Hamilton College, Union College, University of Toronto, and the University of Melbourne in Australia.
Early career.
After his graduation in 1898 he had a brief experience in the editorial work of a publishing house, and then returned to Columbia University from 1910 to 1918, serving successively as assistant secretary, secretary, and dean of the college. During this period he wrote and published a book on Columbia University. From 1908 to 1918 he also served as secretary of the American Association for International Conciliation. In 1911 he was decorated by France as Chevalier (Knight) of the Order of the Légion d'honneur. 
When World War I began, he moved to Washington, D.C. to assist in the war effort. He established himself as an unofficial adviser in the office of the Secretary of War and was soon assigned to the position of Third Assistant Secretary of War — a position created expressly for him. He served in this position from 1918 to 1919 until he was sent to France in 1920 to act first as the director of foreign operations of the American Red Cross. From 1920 to 1921 he served as commissioner for the United States to the International Chamber of Commerce. He then returned to the United States to become secretary of the Greater New York Planning Board, and in 1922 he was elected President of the Carnegie Corporation of New York.
Carnegie period.
When Keppel became president of the Carnegie Corporation, it had not formulated a long-range program of action. Thus, Keppel was free, within the limits of the Corporation's charter, to develop a policy, a philosophy, and a program. He kept a small staff, and sought external help instead of employing experts within the Corporation. Keppel's annual reports at the Carnegie Corporation constitute an important contribution to the discussion of foundation policy. They have had a determining influence on the practice and philosophy of philanthropy as applied to intellectual and cultural needs and opportunities. His comments and observations were of particular interest to the American Council of Learned Societies. Before the Association of American Colleges and Universities, in 1930, he insisted upon the importance to the United States of knowledge of Asian culture, and upon the necessity of including Asian languages in American curricula. During his presidency from 1922 to 1941, the Carnegie Corporation appropriated $86,000,000 to universities, colleges, museums, libraries, and scientific and educational studies. In 1999, "American Libraries" named him one of the "100 Most Important Leaders We Had in the 20th Century" thanks to $30 million in donations to libraries and library projects.
Late career.
In 1941, Keppel retired from his role as president of the Carnegie Corporation to become the vice-president of the American Philosophical Society. When America became involved in World War II, the President of the United States requested that he serve on the Board of Appeals on Visa Cases. He died on February 8, 1943 at the age of 67.

</doc>
<doc id="19987966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987966" title="Insen scale">
Insen scale

Insen (or In Sen) is a tuning scale adapted from shamisen music by Yatsuhashi Kengyō for tuning of the koto. It only differs from the hirajoshi scale by one note.
In D mode it consists of: D-E-G-A-C so it has the same notes as the Phrygian chord (7susb9). 
Other chords compatible with insen scale include maj7#11 when the scale is played half steps lower (for example B in sen scale for Cmaj7#11 chord) and Cm6 and Cm when the scale is played one full step above (for example D insen with Cm6 or Cm chord).
Other scales related to koto instrument include the Hirajoshi, Iwato and Kumoi-choshi scales.

</doc>
<doc id="19987972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987972" title="Vietnamese people in Finland">
Vietnamese people in Finland

Vietnamese people in Finland form one of the country's largest groups of Southeast Asian people. According to Statistics Finland, in 2007 there are 4,645 people whose mother tongue is Vietnamese and 2,010 people with Vietnamese citizenship residing in Finland. The Vietnamese-Finnish community includes both ethnic Vietnamese and Sino-Vietnamese.
Religion.
The majority of the Vietnamese in Finland are Mahayana Buddhist, with a 12% Christian minority.

</doc>
<doc id="19987995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19987995" title="On Dangerous Ground (disambiguation)">
On Dangerous Ground (disambiguation)

On Dangerous Ground is a 1952 film noir directed by Nicholas Ray and starring Ida Lupino and Robert Ryan.
The title may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19988004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988004" title="Jonny Trunk">
Jonny Trunk

Jonny Trunk, born Jonathan Benton-Hughes (United Kingdom) is a writer, broadcaster, and DJ as well as the owner and founder of Trunk Records.
Career.
Trunk Records.
Jonny Trunk, born Jonathan Benton-Hughes, founded Trunk Records in 1995.
Trunk Records is a cult British label that specialises in film music, library music, early electronics and exotic recordings. It was the first label to release music from cult horror films such as "The Wicker Man".
On his label he has also released "Dirty Fan Male", an album based on his own experiences organising various glamour models' fan clubs including that of his sister, Eve Vorley. The album contained amusing recitals of the fan mail they received, and was later turned into an award winning live show and a book, with the album getting 4/5 stars from "The Guardian".
Jonny Trunk has also released his own material through the label, including his album "The Inside Outside". Since 2003, Trunk has been responsible for the rediscovery of Basil Kirchin, by releasing his unknown 1960s experimental jazz and soundtrack work.
"The Ladies' Bras," a single by Jonny Trunk and Wisbey, made number 70 on the UK Singles Chart in August 2007, and re-entered at number 27 in September 2007 after a campaign by BBC Radio 1's Scott Mills and Danny Baker. At 36 seconds long, it is the shortest track ever to chart in the top 30.
Directing, teaching.
Various Jonny Trunk side projects have included directing the now-banned pop video "Plug Me In" for Add N to (X). This video was shot in Wales, and was edited as the standard pop version and a longer, more controversial Add N To XXX 45 minute version.
Trunk has also held modern music and movement classes using vintage electronic recordings, issued official Tony Hart "Vision On" tee shirts and screenprints, ran action painting sessions to Ken Nordine's colours, and regularly finds music for advertising, film and TV.
Broadcasting.
Trunk is also a regular broadcaster on London's art radio station Resonance FM. His radio show "OST" has concentrated on film music, TV music, library music and related recordings and is the only show of its kind on British radio. It has championed the work of François de Roubaix, Roger Roger (composer), Krzysztof Komeda and many other obscure international soundtrack artists. Other recent broadcasting has included the BBC Radio 4 documentary "Into The Music Library" and presenting on BBC Two's "The Culture Show". Trunk is the only dedicated film music DJ in the UK.
Writing, publishing.
HarperCollins published the Jonny Trunk book "Dirty Fan Male" in 2004. It subsequently became a Channel 4 documentary.
He also writes for "Vice", "Record Collector", and "Mojo".
Working with art publishers FUEL Design, Jonny Trunk published the world's only book dedicated to the graphic art of production library music on Trunk Records. This book, known as "The Music Library", was the first book to bring to the public the hidden art and design of vintage library recordings.
This was followed up, in late 2010, with the world's first overview of the life and early publishing work of John Sutcliffe, the underground leather couturier who started AtomAge.
2011 saw the publication of "Own Label, Sainsbury's Design Studio 1962 - 1977". This book brought together a vast array of own label packaging developed and designed by the supermarket's in house studio. Conceived by Jonny Trunk and based on his memory of the 1975 Own Label Cornflake packet, the book brings some 400+ rare, period and often curious designs from the Sainsbury's Archive into the modern graphic world.
Trunk licensed the document and letter archive of Mary Whitehouse based at the University of Essex, and made a deal with publishers Faber and Faber. The book based on this material, "Ban This Filth! Letters From the Mary Whitehouse Archive" (2012), was edited by Ben Thompson.
Trunk also features frequently in the 2011 book "Retromania" by Simon Reynolds: "Cheezy sleaze and sepia–toned melancholy seem unlikely bedfellows at first glance. But in his 1935 travel book "Journey Without Maps", Graham Greene put his finger on or near the place where musty and lustful meet. He wrote about how ‘seediness has a very deep appeal…it seems to satisfy, temporarily, the sense of nostalgia for something lost; it seems to represent a stage further back.’ With their aura of wistful reverie and faded decay, the sounds exhumed by Trunk offer a portal into Britain’s cultural unconscious."

</doc>
<doc id="19988013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988013" title="Koi wa Groovy x2">
Koi wa Groovy x2

Overview.
On October 3, 2008, Ito left a message on her blog to say that she had recorded a new song with an up-beat tempo. On several fan sites and forums, it was rumored that the single was entitled "Good Beat Good Beat".
Originally the first verse of the song started with "Hey boy", but it was later changed to "Hey girl." Explaining the change, Ito said:
When I was recording the lyrics (to "Koi wa Groovy²"), they were actually "Hey boy," but when I was recording I was thinking, wait, I'm not out to go to clubs to get laid! The point is to go out with your girlfriends and have a great time, and if you find someone, then (you hit) two birds with one stone. So (I changed the lyrics to) "Hey girl."
"Koi wa Groovy x2" was used to promote Gap Japan's 2008 Holiday Collection Winter Neutrals which featured Canadian Supermodel Groovy M.
Music video.
On October 10, Ito posted a message on her blog about the music video for the promotion of the single. She stated the music video's theme was inspired by Canadian model Groovy M, and the idea of a fashion show. The music video was shot in New York City. The music video was released on MTV on November 4, 2008.
English Version.
An all English version of the song entitled "groovy×2" was released December 10, 2008, under an alter-ego named Christine Ito, her "sister". The song is only available for download.

</doc>
<doc id="19988015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988015" title="Maria Sanudo, Lady of Andros">
Maria Sanudo, Lady of Andros

Maria Sanudo (died 1426) was a Lady of Andros.
Ancestry.
She was a daughter of Florence Sanudo and second husband and cousin Nicholas II Sanudo, seventh and eight consort Dukes of the Archipelago.
She was given the island of Andros as a fief by her half brother Nicholas III dalle Carceri, but she was deprived of it by the new Duke Francesco I Crispo, who gave Andros as a dowry to his daughter Petronilla and her husband Pietro Zeno.
As a compensation, she was given the island of Paros as a fief in 1389 by Crispo.
Marriage and issue.
She married in 1390 a Veronese noble, Gaspare Sommaripa (died 1402), and had Crusino I Sommaripa, Lord of Paros, and Fiorenza Sommaripa, wife of Giacomo I Crispo, eleventh Duke of the Archipelago.

</doc>
<doc id="19988023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988023" title="China Air Task Force">
China Air Task Force

The China Air Task Force (CATF) was a combat organization of the United States Army Air Forces created in July 1942 under the command of Brig. Gen. Claire Chennault, after the Flying Tigers of the 1st American Volunteer Group of the Chinese Air Force were disbanded on 4 July of that month. It consisted of the 23rd Fighter Group with four squadrons, the assigned 74th, 75th, 76th, and attached 16th Fighter Squadrons, plus the 11th Bombardment Squadron. It was a subordinate unit of the Tenth Air Force in India, commanded by Brig. Gen. Earl Naiden and (from 18 August 1942) by Maj. Gen. Clayton Bissell. "Chennault had no respect for Bissell as a combat airman," wrote his biographer Martha Byrd, and "Bissell had no respect for Chennault as an administrator." Their relationship, she wrote, was ugly.
On 19 March 1943, the CATF was disbanded and replaced by the Fourteenth Air Force, with Chennault, now a major general, in command. In the nine months of its existence, the China Air Task Force had been credited with shooting down 149 Japanese planes, plus 85 probables, with a loss of only 16 P-40s. It had flown 65 bombing missions against Japanese targets in China, Burma and Indochina, dropping 311 tons of bombs and losing only one B-25 bomber.

</doc>
<doc id="19988039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988039" title="Len Perme">
Len Perme

Leonard John Perme (November 25, 1917 – January 24, 2009) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball who played for the Chicago White Sox in the and seasons. Listed at , 170 lb., he batted and threw left-handed. 
A native of Cleveland, Ohio, Perme was one of many major leaguers who saw his baseball career interrupted by a military stint during World War II. He started his professional career in the Northern League, pitching for the Fargo-Moorhead Twins (1938–1940) and Superior Blues (1941). 
In 1942, Perme earned a call-up to the Chicago White Sox in late September after going 15–11 with a 3.22 ERA for Superior. He finished with a 0–1 mark and a 1.38 ERA in four appearances, and would appear to have a guaranteed spot in the rotation heading into the next year, but he had to join the military. He served in the US Navy from 1943 to 1946 and rejoined the Sox after being discharged during the 1946 midseason, but he not recovered his old form.
In a two-season career, Perme posted a 0–1 record with a 3.12 ERA in eight appearances, including one start, giving up six runs on 11 hits and 11 walks while striking out six in 17 ⅓ innings of work. 
Following his brief stint in major leagues, Perme resumed his career in the minors pitching for the Williamsport Tigers (1947–48), Toledo Mud Hens (1949) and Cubs de Drummondville (1951).
Perme died in Hayward, California, at the age of 91.

</doc>
<doc id="19988044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988044" title="Market Square (Lviv)">
Market Square (Lviv)

The Rynok Square in Lviv (, ) is a central square of the city of Lviv, Ukraine. It was planned in the second half of the 14th century, following granting city rights by Polish king Casimir III, who annexed Red Ruthenia. The king ordered Lviv to be moved more to the south, where a new city was built to the plan of a traditional European settlement: a central square surrounded by living quarters and fortifications. Old, Ruthenian Lviv had become a suburb of the new city.
The square is rectangular in shape, with measurements of 142 metres by 129 metres and with two streets radiating out of every corner. In the middle there was a row of houses, with its southern wall made by the Town Hall. However, when in 1825 the tower of the Town Hall burned, all adjacent houses were demolished and a new hall, with a 65-metre tower, was built in 1835 by architects J. Markl and F. Trescher.
Around the square, there are 44 tenement houses, which represent several architectural styles, from Renaissance to Modernism. In the four corners, there are fountains—wells from 1793, probably designed by Hartman Witwer. The sculptures represent four Greek mythological figures: Neptune, Diana, Amphitrite and Adonis. In front of the Town Hall, there was a pillory. In 1998 the Market Place, together with the historic city center of Lviv, was recognised as a UNESCO world heritage site.
History.
The square was designed soon after Lviv’s location as a city. Originally, the buildings were Gothic; however, a great fire on 3 June 1527) destroyed most of the city. The new city, then known in Polish as Lwow, was rebuilt in Renaissance style, with a few remaining examples of Gothic architecture. There is a vault in tenement house number 24 and a portal in house number 25. The Rynok Square was witness to several important events in the history of Poland and Ukraine. Among these, in 1387 King Wladyslaw Jagiello accepted the homage of Petru I of Moldavia here. In 1436 another Moldavian ruler, Ilias of Moldavia, paid homage to King Wladyslaw III in Lviv. Also, at the pillory, several historical figures were executed, including rulers of Moldavia Ştefan Tomşa (1564), Ioan Potcoavă (Ivan Pidkova) (1578) and Iancu Sasul (1582). 
In 1848, during the Spring of Nations, a Polish National Guard was formed here. On 11 November 1920, prime minister Jozef Pilsudski hosted a military parade to commemorate awarding the Virtuti Militari cross to the city. Also, on 30 June 1941, Yaroslav Stetsko proclaimed Ukraine's independence in a house located on the square. In 2006, a major restoration of the square’s pavement was carried out.

</doc>
<doc id="19988045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988045" title="Hollywood Pacific Theatre">
Hollywood Pacific Theatre

Hollywood Pacific Theatre is a movie theater located at 6433 Hollywood Blvd. in Hollywood, Los Angeles, California, on Hollywood's famous Hollywood Walk of Fame.
History.
Beginnings.
Originally known as the Warner Bros. Theatre or Warner Hollywood Theatre, the Italianate beaux arts building was designed by architect G. Albert Lansburgh with approximately 2,700 seats. It opened on April 26, 1928, showcasing the studio's early Vitaphone talking film "Glorious Betsy", starring Conrad Nagel and Dolores Costello.
Warner Bros. owned radio station KFWB positioned its radio transmitter towers on top of the building, which remain to this day. Though covered by "PACIFIC" lettering, the original "WARNERS" lettering can still be seen inside each tower.
Renovation for widescreen.
In an era when theatres were forced to compete with television by introducing widescreen, the venue was one of the few in Hollywood large enough to convert to Cinerama. It was renovated and on April 29, 1953 reopened as the Warner Cinerama. The new screen was 28'x76' with a 146 degree arc and seating was reduced to approximately 1,500 to accommodate the new screen size. This revamp only lasted 133 weeks.
In 1961 the theatre was equipped to run 70mm films and showed both 70 and 35mm films. The last of the 3-strip Cinerama presentations was the American premiere run of "How the West Was Won" for 93 weeks in 1963 and 64. In the late 1960s and early 1970s, two Stanley Kubrick films had long runs at the theatre: "" (1968) played for 80 weeks, and "A Clockwork Orange" (1971) also had a long run. 
In 1968, Stanley Warner sold the theatre to Pacific Theatres, which renamed it the present day Hollywood Pacific Theatre. 
On January 31, 1978, two screens were added by converting the balcony section into two 550 seat areas.
End of use for exhibiting films.
The theatre finally closed its doors as a full-time cinema on August 15, 1994. This was mostly due to water damage to the basement caused by the construction of the Hollywood Subway Red Line and structural damage caused by the 1994 Northridge earthquake. To date the balcony sections remain closed off due to structure safety issues. The theatre does open for local Sunday Ecclesia church services at 9:30am and 11:15am. The theatre has since been designated a Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monument.
Influence on Carol Burnett's star on Hollywood Walk of Fame.
In the 1950s, a young Carol Burnett was working as an usherette when the theater was showing Alfred Hitchcock's "Strangers on a Train" (1951). Having already seen the film and loving it, she advised two patrons arriving during the last ten minutes of a showing to wait until the beginning of the next showing to avoid spoiling the ending for them. The manager observed Burnett, let the couple in, then callously fired her, stripping the epaulettes from her uniform. Years later in the 1970s after achieving TV stardom, when the Hollywood Chamber of Commerce offered her a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame, they asked her where she wanted it. She replied "Right in front of where the old Warner Brothers Theater was, at Hollywood and Wilcox", which is where it was placed, at 6439 Hollywood Blvd.
Current use.
The theatre was occupied by Ecclesia Hollywood Church till July 2013. Given the recent revitalization of Hollywood Boulevard in the early 21st century, it is often speculated that the theatre will one day be restored as a film palace.

</doc>
<doc id="19988052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988052" title="Colonial orders of knighthood">
Colonial orders of knighthood

Colonial orders were orders of knighthood awarded by European imperial states in Africa and Asia for those who conquered and administered their territories. They were sometimes adopted by post-colonial successor states, or remained one of the former imperial power's orders of knighthood. The orders of the states of the Commonwealth are not colonial orders, and owe their existence to their nations' personal union with the United Kingdom or to their own governments or parliaments. 
Netherlands.
The Netherlands had no colonial orders, even though governors-general of the Dutch East Indies often called for such orders to be created. There were numerous other awards for service in the Dutch East Indies, the most notable being the establishment of the Cross for Courage and Fidelity and the Star for Loyalty and Merit.

</doc>
<doc id="19988056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988056" title="1933–34 Montreal Canadiens season">
1933–34 Montreal Canadiens season

The 1933–34 Montreal Canadiens season was the team's 25th season of play. The Canadiens again qualified for the playoffs, finishing third in their division. The club met and lost to the Chicago Black Hawks in the playoffs.
Regular season.
Star player Howie Morenz continued the decline in his play, and was placed on the second line. His ankle was seriously injured on January 2, 1934 and he missed nine games but did not play well for the rest of the season. He was the target of trade speculation at the end of the season, with the Boston Bruins, Chicago Blackhawks, Detroit Red Wings and New York Rangers all interested in him.
Playoffs.
In the first round the Canadiens met the eventual Stanley Cup champion Chicago Blackhawks, who had placed second in the American Division. The Canadiens lost the two-games total-goals series 3–4 (2–3, 1–1). Morenz missed the second game due to a broken thumb.
Roster.
Sources: 

</doc>
<doc id="19988059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988059" title="Apartments at 2 Collier Road">
Apartments at 2 Collier Road

The Apartments at 2 Collier Road were built by developer Henry M. Rice in 1929 in Atlanta, Georgia. The apartments were built on lands formerly belonging to George Washington Collier. The Colonial Revival style buildings are of the "big house" style, giving the impression of a single large residence rather than an apartment building.

</doc>
<doc id="19988097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988097" title="Giovanni dalle Carceri">
Giovanni dalle Carceri

Giovanni dalle Carceri (died 1358) was a Lord of Euboea.
He married as her first husband Florence Sanudo, who became the seventh Duchess of the Archipelago in 1362, daughter and successor of John I, Duke of the Archipelago. Their son was Nicholas III dalle Carceri, who inherited both the Duchy and the Lordship.

</doc>
<doc id="19988100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988100" title="Vic-Maui Yacht Race">
Vic-Maui Yacht Race

The Victoria to Maui International Yacht Race (Vic-Maui), the longest offshore sailing race off the west coast of North America, is the pinnacle of Pacific Northwest ocean racing. First contested in 1968, the Vic-Maui runs every second year, starting in June or July off Victoria, British Columbia, Canada and finishing near Lahaina, Maui, United States, a distance of approximately .

</doc>
<doc id="19988112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988112" title="Apartments at 22–24 Collier Road">
Apartments at 22–24 Collier Road

The Apartments at 22–24 Collier Road were built in 1929 by developers J.W. Jenkins and J.G. Crockett of the Anjaco Holding Corporation. The apartments are examples of Mediterranean Revival architecture, with classical details such as Doric columns and a central entrance.

</doc>
<doc id="19988122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988122" title="Vladimír Šlechta">
Vladimír Šlechta

Vladimír Šlechta is a Czech science fiction and fantasy author.
He was born in Liberec in 1960. He comes from the south of Bohemia in the Czech Republic and most of his life he spent either in České Budějovice or in its surroundings. He studied Secondary Grammar School and then he studied at a university (faculty of building and branch of hydraulic structures).
Since 1984 has been married and he has two grown-up sons.
Vladimír Šlechta couldn't study a second school in České Budějovice that’s why he studied Secondary Grammar School in Trhové Sviny. In 1967 his father joined the Communist Party of Czechoslovakia and one year later he declared against the Party so they kick him out of the Party. They fired his father from the University where he was teaching and he couldn’t find a job. So Vladimír grew up at the oppressive time when the children of sacked Communists had a very little chance to study a second school.
Vladimír Šlechta was employed in the projection departments of various hydraulic institutions. He worked three years as clerk for firemen and few years as a project and investment manager. 
Since 1999 he has been businessman. He projects water buildings (water pipes and canalization). Being businessman is very rough but Vladimír is satisfied. 
In 1993 Vladimír Šlechta débuted short story ‚"Legendary Weapon" in magazine Ikarie. In 1999 his two fictions were edited: "Project Bersekr" and "Sharp Echoes". About 15 thousand pieces of his books were sold by the year 2007 and thus he has become one of the best selling Czech authors of fantasy and sci-fi. Twice he received The Academy Prize for Science Fiction and Sci-fi in the category of the best published short story. Nowadays he is the author of nine books so far, in which he skillfully combines adventurous science-fiction and fantasy elements.
Bibliography.
The Bloody Borderland
"The Bloody Borderland"is cycle of fantasy stories which take place in the place called Borderland. In "The Bloody Borderland "the borders lead along territories of people, elves and hobgoblins. The borders are bloody because there are never-ceasing struggles for these borders (for its shifts, crossing the border, keeping). People fight with people, people fight with hobgoblins, people with elves, hobgoblins with hobgoblins and elves with hobgoblins. During which time individual fractions conclude temporary truce and alliances. 
Fictions.
Next cycles – Havran
"Havran " is a cycle of four short stories which take place in the near future in Bohemia which are laying waste by ethnic war when the newcomers rebelled against the majority society. 
Next cycles – everything on Mars
This cycle of the short stories and fictions takes place in Europe after the second energetic war caused by lack of fossil fuel and the world backed to the Middle Ages after exhaustion of nearly all sources of energy. And Germanic Empire enforces its laws on these ruins of Atlantic civilization. Meanwhile the colonization of Mars is proceeding and new sources of fossil fuel are discovered. Mankind has a chance to begin on Mars again. 
Fictions.
Everything that doesn't belong to cycles

</doc>
<doc id="19988125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988125" title="Lotus (American band)">
Lotus (American band)

Lotus is an instrumental electronic jam band formed in Indiana in 1999 now based in Philadelphia, PA and Denver, CO.
History.
Formed at Goshen College in Indiana in 1999, and after a few years of playing what they describe as "jamtronica", Lotus recruited percussionist Chuck Morris in 2001 and shifted their focus to instrumental music, taking inspiration from electronic musicians such as The Orb. The band's first album, "Vibes", a compilation of live performances from their 2001 tour, was released in 2002, after which they signed to Harmonized Records, releasing a live album and two studio albums between 2003 and 2006. 2004's "Nomad" went to the top of the Home Grown Music Network charts and by the end of the year was the HGMN Best Seller. It was also nominated for a "New Groove of the Year" "Jammy" award. The album saw the band described by "Allmusic" as "an electronically inclined jazz-funk outfit", with "Glide" magazine stating ""Nomad" exhibits Lotus' tight ability to blend shades of organic groove with elements of urban house". The band's last album on Harmonized, "The Strength of Weak Ties" was described by "PopMatters" as "instrumentals that - for the most part - don't go anywhere, but occasionally pulling out something that is genuinely thrilling". The band then signed to SCI Fidelity Records, debuting on the label with the live double album, "Escaping Sargasso Sea", which was nominated for a "Jammy" award by "Guitar Player" magazine for "Best Live Album of 2007". The album was described by "Relix" magazine as "sexy and sophisticated dance music, mature enough to be played in the club or the living room". The band followed this with "Copy/Paste/Repeat", an album of remixes of tracks from their previous two studio albums, by bands and producers including Lymbyc Systym, Juan Maclean, DJ Harry and Telepath. The album was positively received by "PopMatters", who said "Copy/Paste/Repeat reinvents the jam band’s music as dance floor jams, with hip hop and trance-influenced beats and mind-warping electronic synth burbles".
The album, "Hammerstrike" was released on SCI Fidelity in 2008 to positive reviews. The band followed the album's release with a forty seven-date North American tour. On Oct. 6, 2009 Lotus released a set of 2 EPs titled Oil on Glass/Feather on Wood featuring music recorded during the Hammerstrike sessions and 3 remixes of tracks from Hammerstrike.
The album "Lotus" was released on Sept. 13, 2011. The band recorded the album between Dec. 2009 and Oct. 2010 with Bill Moriarty in Philadelphia with additional recordings made in the home studios of Jesse and Luke Miller and at various locations around the country. David Wrench mixed a number of the tracks and a few tracks were mixed by Bill Moriarty along with Jesse Miller and Luke Miller. The band released its first music video for Golden Ghost [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KcBLWHXhs24] in August 2011.
The band has built much of their following on word of mouth, encouraging the recording and trading of live shows and playing between 90-115 live shows per year.
In addition to touring Lotus has its own music festival "Summerdance". The festival has been held irregularly with a four year gap between the 4th and 5th festivals.
Live Shows.
Lotus is known for concerts in which a complex light set up is used and their use of varying set lists that employ frequent group improvisation. The concerts are often recorded by amateur engineers (tapers) and posted online for others to listen to. Beginning with their January 27, 2008 show in Charleston, SC, Lotus has sold their own soundboard recordings of certain shows on the site LiveDownloads.com; they are available in both MP3 and FLAC formats. The band has undertaken a number of tours and have performed at festivals including Jam on the River (Philadelphia, PA 2007 and 2008), Wakarusa (KS 2005, 2006, 2007), "Rothbury Music Festival" in July 2008 and 2009, and All Good Music & Arts Festival 2010 The band played a concert in New York in September 2008 in which the new album "Hammerstrike" was played in full. They also played at the Summer Camp Music Festival in Chillicothe, IL in 2008, 2009, 2011, 2012. Other festivals include All Good Festival, Outside Lands, Bonnaroo, Camp Bisco, Fuji Rock, and Ultra.
Lotus has toured in Japan 4 times performing at clubs and festivals including Metamorphose, Green Room Festival and Space Shower TV.
The band has performed several themed shows. On October 31, 2008 at the TLA in Philadelphia the show was billed as "Live Fast Die Young: the 27 Conspiracy". Each of the 5 members dressed as a rock star who died at the age of 27 (Kurt Cobain, Jimi Hendrix, Brian Jones, Pigpen, and Jim Morrison) and the show featured covers by each of the respective bands. On Dec. 31, 2008 the band performed a show that included robot themed covers including Styx - "Mr. Roboto", Alan Parson's Project - "I Robot", Flaming Lips - "Yoshimi Battles the Pink Robots: Part I", Radiohead - "Paranoid Android", and Daft Punk - "Robot Rock". On July 15, 2009 at the Oulipo Ballroom in Kentucky their show was labeled as "The Nelson Way". The band members dressed up as Willie Nelson and performed their set. On Oct. 31, 2009 at Sonar in Baltimore the Halloween show was presented as "Protein Pills in the Labyrinth". The band members dressed as different David Bowie characters (including Ziggy Stardust, Thin White Duke, and Jareth) and played "Under Pressure," "Fame," "I'm Afraid of Americans," "Space Oddity," "Let's Dance," "Rebel, Rebel" and "Suffragette City," along with original Lotus material. These David Bowie songs have occasionally appeared thereafter during the rest of the Fall 2009 tour. On Feb. 22, 2010 at Schuba's in Chicago the band's first of two sets focused on post-rock music featuring covers of Tortoise, Trans Am and This Will Destroy You along with Lotus's own post-rock compositions. On Oct. 30, 2010 at the Roseland in Portland, OR the band performed a Black Sabbath themed show. For the second set the band came on stage dressed as Black Sabbath and performed remixed versions of side A of the album Paranoid (War Pigs, Paranoid, Planet Caravan, Iron Man), celebrating 40 years since its release. On Oct. 31, 2010 at the Showbox in Seattle, WA the band paid tribute to video game music. They performed versions of Pac-Man (Power Pills Remix), Contra (Jungle Theme), MegaMan2 (Dr. Wiley's Theme), Tetris theme and Zelda (Overworld and Underworld themes). On Dec. 31, 2011 at Festival Pier in Philadelphia Lotus nodded to some of the most influential modern dance producers covering Daft Punk "Da Funk", Justice "Phantom Part II" and DeadMau5 "Ghosts 'n' Stuff".
Lotus was featured on the cover of the tour industry's leading magazine in October 2008 Pollstar.
Musical Style.
Expanding upon a wide range of styles and sounds, Lotus is considered a multi-genre band. The group incorporates elements of rock, electronica, jazz, jam, hip-hop, funk and other influences. The band originally played as a jamband that leaned heavily on the sounds of funk, rock and jazz and with improvisational styles similar to Phish, Allman Brothers and The Grateful Dead. Jesse Miller said of the band's sound: "I truly believe Lotus' sound comes from the roots of rock 'n' roll mixed with electronic beats that are popular today. It took a long time for us to finally find a sound we all agreed on. But believe me, we experimented plenty before deciding what sound we were looking for". Lotus has also been known to experiment with a diverse set of genres regularly incorporating hip-hop and dubstep sounds and samples into their live shows. 
Influenced heavily by the band's love for dance music and artists like The Orb, Aphex Twin, Kraftwerk, Talking Heads, Brian Eno, and Air the band's style has gravitated toward elements of the electronic genre while maintaining the foundation of jamrock.
Since 2006 the band has fused elements of progressive and post rock into their sound. Artists like Trans Am, Tortoise, Broken Social Scene and Beck have influenced Lotus.

</doc>
<doc id="19988128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988128" title="Ordre du Nichan El-Anouar">
Ordre du Nichan El-Anouar

The Ordre du Nichan El-Anouar (Arabic: "Order of the Light") was established in 1887 as a colonial order of merit of the Tajurah sultanate in French Somaliland.

</doc>
<doc id="19988136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988136" title="César Ruiz">
César Ruiz

Profile.
Coming from the popular district of Puente Piedra, César Ruiz joined Sporting Cristal in 1999.
In 2007 César Ruiz, along with 8 other U-20 players, were called up to the first team. For 2009, he was on loan at Coronel Bolognesi.
He was also part of the Peru U-17 team that reached the quarterfinal stage at the 2007 FIFA U-17 World Cup played in South Korea.
After playing Copa Peru with Coronel Bolognesi when they were relegated from the first division, he played for Hijos de Acosvinchos. This year signed a contract with Sport Boys.

</doc>
<doc id="19988138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988138" title="Ramsay (surname)">
Ramsay (surname)

Ramsay is a Scottish surname. People with the surname Ramsay include:

</doc>
<doc id="19988139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988139" title="Jan Grootboom">
Jan Grootboom

Jan Grootboom was a Xhosa scout from the Eastern Cape, South Africa (often incorrectly referred to as a Zulu) who taught Robert Baden-Powell many of his scouting skills during the Matabele campaign.

</doc>
<doc id="19988148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988148" title="Guglielmazzo Sanudo, Lord of Gridia">
Guglielmazzo Sanudo, Lord of Gridia

Guglielmazzo Sanudo, fl. between 1349 and 1362, was a Lord of Gridia.
Ancestry.
He was a son of Marco Sanudo, Lord of Gridia, and wife.
Marriage and issue.
He married ... and had Nicholas II Sanudo, called Spezzabanda, Lord of Gridia ((a fief in Andros)) and eight Consort Duke of the Archipelago, second husband of his cousin Florence Sanudo, seventh Duchess of the Archipelago, with whom he reigned until her death.

</doc>
<doc id="19988160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988160" title="Colonial Order of the Star of Italy">
Colonial Order of the Star of Italy

The Colonial Order of the Star of Italy () was founded as a colonial order of knighthood on 18 June 1914 by King Victor Emmanuel III, to reward soldiers deployed to the colony of Libya. The order had fallen into abeyance by 1943, when Allied forces re-took the colonies of Italian North Africa.
The various degrees of the order, with limits to their number, were as follows:
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19988165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988165" title="A Series of Psychotic Episodes">
A Series of Psychotic Episodes

A Series of Psychotic Episodes, also known as "Series of Psychotic Episodes", is a Sony Award nominated surreal comedy sketch show written by and starring Miriam Elia. The pilot and first series were broadcast on digital radio station BBC Radio 7. The second series was broadcast on BBC Radio 4. Sketches include a spoof of children's television show "Postman Pat" called "Postmodern Pat", a mosquito who has seen too many Hitchcock films, and "The Diary of Edward the Hamster (1990–1990)".
The programme was first broadcast as a pilot on 7 March 2007, as one of 10 entries for BBC Radio 7's "Witty and Twisted" competition. "A Series of Psychotic Episodes" won the competition and was awarded by having a full series, first broadcast on 2 November 2008. A second series has been commissioned and will be broadcast to Radio 4.
History.
"A Series of Psychotic Episodes" first began as a pilot for BBC Radio 7's "Witty and Twisted" competition. In the competition, a series of comedians were invited to create their own radio show pilots, the best of which would be commissioned for a full series. Elia's pilot first reached a shortlist of fifty, which was later reduced to ten finalists. Each finalist then recorded a new fifteen-minute pilot. The finalists' pilots were broadcast weekly on BBC Radio 7. Out of these, "A Series of Psychotic Episodes" was chosen as the winner and Elia awarded a series. One of the runners up, "Gus Murdoch's Sacred Cows" written and performed by Stephen Carlin, was also given a full series.
After "A Series of Psychotic Episodes" was broadcast, it was nominated for the comedy award in the Sony Radio Academy Awards. This was seen as unusual, as the show was a single pilot performed by a relatively unknown comedian. However, it lost the award to "Down the Line". In 2010, the series moved to BBC Radio 4.
Reception.
"A Series of Psychotic Episodes" has had positive reviews from critics. Harry Deansway from "The Guardian" said that Elia was a welcome change saying that: "Radio comedy is largely populated by plummy World Service voices doing skits that sound like unironic Mr Cholmondley-Warner sketches from Harry Enfield's TV series, so the different tone and voice of Miriam Elia's "A Series Of Psychotic Episodes" really stands out." However, Deansway also said, "the show's not quite the finished product, though it probably offers a glimpse into the future of British comedy."

</doc>
<doc id="19988172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988172" title="Bach Air Yacht">
Bach Air Yacht

__NOTOC__
The Bach Air Yacht was a trimotor airliner produced in the United States in the 1920s. Typical of its day, it was a high-wing braced monoplane, with fixed tailwheel undercarriage. Unusual for airliners of the late 1920s, (due to legislation that forbade carrying passengers in wooden aircraft), the Air Yachts were constructed almost entirely from wood with steel fittings, undercarriage and struts. Different models were powered by varying combinations of Wright, Ryan-Siemens, Kinner, Comet, and Pratt & Whitney engines, a large engine in the nose of the aircraft and two smaller "helpers" under the wings in nacelles supported by struts. As with so many aircraft companies of the late 1920s the Bach Aircraft Company succumbed to the Great Depression, thus further development of the Air Yacht was abandoned after the 3-CT-9.
On 26 July 1929 a 3-CT-9 model piloted by Waldo Waterman set a new altitude record, lifting a 1,000 kg payload to 20,820 ft (6,347 m). 

</doc>
<doc id="19988181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988181" title="Fulla (disambiguation)">
Fulla (disambiguation)

Fulla is an ásynja in Norse mythology.
Fulla may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19988184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988184" title="George Pescott">
George Pescott

George Pescott (christened 29 June 1806) was an English cricketer who played for Sussex. He was born in Heyshott, West Sussex.
George Pescott made a single first-class appearance for the team, in 1840. He failed to score a run in the two innings in which he batted.

</doc>
<doc id="19988195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988195" title="Greensky Hill church">
Greensky Hill church

Greensky Hill Indian United Methodist Church is located east of Charlevoix, Michigan at the junction of U.S. 31 and CR 630. On March 16th 1972, it was added to the National Register of Historic Places. The church has been preserved with all of the original woodwork and can only seat about 50 people. 
History.
The church was founded by Peter Greensky (1807-1866) also known as Shagasokicki, a Chippewa chief who had been converted to Christianity and became a preacher. It was founded in 1844. Greensky was introduced to Christianity by John Sunday. He was baptized into the Methodist Church in 1833, and licensed to preach in 1844. Greensky worked with Salmon Stell in operating the Pine River Indian Mission. He was later connected with the Isabella Indian Mission. From 1869-1871 he was in charge of the Oceana Indian Mission.
He decided to build a Protestant mission where he could preach and convert his Native American brothers and sisters to Christianity. According to the historical marker at the church, the first services were held in makeshift buildings of bark and boughs until the 1850s, when a church was constructed from lumber brought by canoe from Traverse City and then ported two miles to the site of the present day church. Around the church was a circle of "council trees" where the Indian chiefs could meet in peace to discuss tribal issues.
Today.
The original church is still used by a racially mixed congregation that celebrates both Christianity and Native American customs. In regular attendance are Peter Greensky's descendents: his great-great-grandson, Ray Greensky and Ray's son Brayden Greensky and daughter Isabelle Jean Greensky.

</doc>
<doc id="19988204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988204" title="Order of the Colonial Empire">
Order of the Colonial Empire

The Order of the Colonial Empire (Portuguese:"Ordem do Império Colonial") was a Portuguese Order (decoration), established on 13 April 1932 as a colonial order of knighthood, to reward services by soldiers and civilians in the Portuguese colonies in Asia and Africa.
The Order consisted of four grades:
The Commander grade was dropped sometime during the 1960s , and the Order was discontinued upon the Carnation Revolution in 1974. 
Insignia.
The "badge" of the Order was an enamel Order of Christ Cross, in silver for Knight and in gilt for higher grades, with the lesser Coat of arms of Portugal in enamel and gilt at the centre.
The "star" of the Order was an eight-pointed faceted star, in gilt for Grand Cross and Grand Officer, in silver for Commander, with the badge of the Order at the centre.
The "ribbon" of the Order was red with black central and edge stripes.
Notable Recipients.
Grand Crosses :

</doc>
<doc id="19988207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988207" title="Union List of Artist Names">
Union List of Artist Names

The Union List of Artist Names (ULAN) is an online database using a controlled vocabulary currently containing around 293,000 names and other information about artists. Names in ULAN may include given names, pseudonyms, variant spellings, names in multiple languages, and names that have changed over time (e.g., married names). Among these names, one is flagged as the preferred name.
Although it is displayed as a list, ULAN is structured as a thesaurus, compliant with ISO and NISO standards for thesaurus construction; it contains hierarchical, equivalence, and associative relationships.
The focus of each ULAN record is an artist. Currently there are around 120,000 artists in the ULAN. In the database, each artist record (also called a subject in this manual) is identified by a unique numeric ID. Linked to each artist record are names, related artists, sources for the data, and notes. The temporal coverage of the ULAN ranges from Antiquity to the present and the scope is global.
The ULAN includes proper names and associated information about artists. Artists may be either individuals (persons) or groups of individuals working together (corporate bodies). Artists in the ULAN generally represent creators involved in the conception or production of visual arts and architecture. Some performance artists are included (but typically not actors, dancers, or other performing artists). Repositories and some donors are included as well. 
History.
Work on the ULAN began in 1984, when the Getty decided to merge and coordinate controlled vocabulary resources for use by the J. Paul Getty Trust's many automated documentation projects. The Art and Architecture Thesaurus (AAT) was already being managed by the Getty at this time, and the Getty attempted to respond to requests from Getty projects for additional controlled vocabularies for artists' names (ULAN) and geographic names (TGN). In 1987 the Getty created a department dedicated to compiling and distributing terminology. The ULAN grows and changes via contributions from the user community and editorial work of the Getty Vocabulary Program.
Although originally intended only for use by Getty projects, the broader art information community outside the Getty expressed a need to use ULAN for cataloging and retrieval. The Getty thus distributed ULAN for broader use according to the tenets previously established for the construction and maintenance of the Art and Architecture Thesaurus: Its scope includes names needed to catalog and retrieve information about the visual arts and architecture; it is based on terminology that is current, warranted for use by authoritative literary sources, and validated by use in the scholarly art and architectural history community; and it is compiled and edited in response to the needs of the user community. Originally constructed as a simple alphabetized "union list" of clustered artist names and biographies, in order to make it consistent with the AAT and Getty Thesaurus of Geographic Names, in the late 1990s ULAN was brought into compliance with national and international standards for thesaurus construction. Its scope was broadened to include corporate bodies such as architectural firms and repositories of art, which may have hierarchical levels.
The ULAN was founded under the management of Eleanor Fink (head of what was then called the Vocabulary Coordination Group, and later Director of the Art History Information Program, later called the Getty Information Institute). The ULAN has been constructed over the years by numerous members of the user community and an army of dedicated editors, under the supervision of several managers. The ULAN was published in 1994 in hardcopy (Union List of Artist Names. Project manager, James M. Bower; senior editor, Murtha Baca. New York: G.K. Hall, 1994) and machine-readable files. Given the growing size and frequency of changes and additions to the ULAN, by 1997 it had become evident that hard-copy publication was impractical. It is now published in automated formats only, in both a searchable online Web interface and in data files available for licensing. The data for ULAN is compiled and edited in an editorial system that was custom-built by Getty technical staff to meet the unique requirements of compiling data from many contributors, merging, moving, and publishing in various formats. Final editorial control of the ULAN is maintained by the Getty Vocabulary Program, using well-established editorial rules. The current managers of the ULAN are Patricia Harpring, Managing Editor, and Murtha Baca, Head, Vocabulary Program and Digital Resource Management.
Terms.
The ULAN is a structured vocabulary containing around 120,000 records, including 293,000 names and biographical and bibliographic information about artists and architects, including a wealth of variant names, pseudonyms, and language variants.
Design.
Even though the structure is relatively flat, the ULAN is constructed as a hierarchical database; its trees branch from a root called Top of the ULAN hierarchies (Subject_ID: 500000001); it currently has two published facets: Person and Corporate Body. Entities in the Person facet typically have no children. Entities in the Corporate Body facet may branch into trees. There may be multiple broader contexts, making the ULAN structure polyhierarchical. In addition to the hierarchical relationships, the ULAN also has equivalent and associative relationships.

</doc>
<doc id="19988209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988209" title="Italy men's national water polo team">
Italy men's national water polo team

The Italian national water polo team represents Italy in men's international water polo competitions and is controlled by Federnuoto (the Italian Aquatics Federation). The national men's team has the nickname of "Settebello".
The Italian men's water polo team has won 6 Olympic medals, 5 World Championships, 5 World Cup, 10 European Championships medals, and one World League medal, making them one of the most successful men's water polo teams in the world. They have won a combined six championships in those four competitions, with the World League being the only competition which Italy has yet to win.
History.
Water Polo became popular in Italy soon after 1899, when an exhibition match was played at the Bath of Diana in Milan, with the match being described in the press as: "like football but more tiring and difficult, requiring energy and strength beyond the ordinary".
Although a domestic league was soon established, the Italian national water polo team did not first compete at the Olympic Games until the 1920 Olympics, in Antwerp, Belgium, where they were forced to forfeit their first round match, before losing 5–1 to Greece and being eliminated.
The national team first fulfilled their potential at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London, England, when they went undefeated for the whole tournament to claim their first gold medal in the discipline.
The Italian team reclaimed the title of Olympic champions in front of a home crowd at the 1960 Olympics in Rome, Italy. Italy won their third Olympic title at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain, beating the hosts and tournament favourites Spain 9–8 after extra time in a thrilling final. Only Hungary (9), and Great Britain (4) have more Olympic titles.
The Italian national side have also won three World Championships, in 1978, 1994 and 2011,and the World Cup once in 1993. Italy also claimed their first European Championship in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="19988217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988217" title="Marco Sanudo, Lord of Gridia">
Marco Sanudo, Lord of Gridia

Marco Sanudo was a Lord of Gridia (a fief in Andros).
Ancestry.
He was a son of Marco II Sanudo, third Duke of the Archipelago, and wife, and brother of William I Sanudo, fourth Duke of the Archipelago.
Marriage and issue.
He married ... and had Guglielmazzo Sanudo, Lord of Gridia.

</doc>
<doc id="19988221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988221" title="William Hayter (priest)">
William Hayter (priest)

William Thomas Baring Hayter (30 August 1858 – 21 August 1935) was an Anglican priest and teacher in the 20th century.
Hayter was the third son of Harrison Hayter and his wife Eliza Jane Walker. He was educated at Summer Fields School, Charterhouse School and Brasenose College, Oxford. After ordination he held curacies at Icklesham Sussex and Kensington. He became vicar of Hints, Staffordshire in 1888 and remained there until 1900 when he became vicar of Horsley, Yorkshire. He became vicar of Westbury, Wiltshire in 1904, and then of Honley and of Stratford Sub Castle in 1912.
In 1913 Hayter became Dean of Gibraltar where he stayed until 1920.
Returning to England in 1921 Hayter became vicar of Dorking, Surrey and in 1926 also became Rural Dean of Dorking.
In 1927, Hayter was appointed Master of his old school Charterhouse and Chaplain of the Order of St John of Jerusalem.
Hayter retired to Penn, Buckinghamshire where he died at the age of 77.
Hayter married Maud Beauchamp, daughter of Sir Thomas Proctor Beauchamp of Langley Park, Norfolk in 1889. They had three daughters, of whom the eldest Dorothea married the Italian sculptor Romano Romanelli. Hayter's sister Frances married Falconer Madan (1851–1935), Librarian of the Bodleian Library of Oxford University

</doc>
<doc id="19988269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988269" title="Podsmreka Castle">
Podsmreka Castle

Podsmreka Castle (, ) is a 16th-century manorhouse located in the settlement of Podsmreka pri Višnji Gori, in the municipality of Ivančna Gorica, Slovenia. The manor's name is a compound of the Slovene words "pod" and "smreka", meaning "beneath spruce."
History.
Built by the noble Galli family in the late 16th century, the manor has been rebuilt several times by later owners. In the late 19th century it was bought by Ljubljana merchant Fortuna; between the world wars it was the property of the Viennese nobleman Klarwill, who maintained a library and art collection in it. 
After the World War II, the manor was nationalized, and came to house the pottery collection of the Slovene Ethnographic Museum. In the mid-1970s, a sand pit was opened near the manor; the museum closed soon thereafter. Since then it hs slowly decayed while serving as apartment housing. 
The municipality of Ivančna Gorica is trying to have the manor restored as a hotel.

</doc>
<doc id="19988271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988271" title="Evgenia Pavlina">
Evgenia Pavlina

Evgenia Pavlina (born 20 July 1978) is a former Belarussian rhythmic gymnast who competed as an individual. She was born in Minsk, Belarus.
Career.
Pavlina started gymnastics at the age of 7. She trained 48 hours per week at club Dynamo Minsk with Irina Leparskaya and Belarussian master Galina Krylenko. Pavlina made her senior debut at the 1993 Medico Cup in Austria, where she placed 3rd in the all-around and took two more bronze medals with clubs and ribbon at the final events. 
She got her big break later that year , when teammate Larissa Lukyanenko broke her ankle in training. At 14 years old, Pavlina was called upon to replace Lukyanenko in the 1993 World Championships. She helped the Belarussian placed 5th in the Team Event. Pavlina was not chosen for the 1996 Belarussian Olympic Team, but she did compete in most major International events that year.
After the retirement of Lukyanenko, Pavlina stepped up to become the Belarussian number two. At the 1997 Schmiden International, she scored the all-around silver as well as all four apparatus golds. At the Derjugina Cup she also earned a pair of bronze medals for the all-around and rope. At the Gymnastics Masters competition in Germany, she won a pair of medals in all four apparatus , silver with hoop, bronze with ball, and gold with clubs and ribbon. With Tatiana Ogrizko's retirement the following World Championships, Pavlina took over leadership and became Belarussian number one. she won the silver medal at the 1998 European Championships in all-around, as well as a bronze with ribbon and a gold in the team event. She also finished 3rd in All-around at the 1998 Goodwill Games. 
Although Pavlina still competed at major internationals in 1999, she had begun to be eclipsed by teammate Yulia Raskina. She then retired from the sport by that same year.

</doc>
<doc id="19988292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988292" title="Gillette, Wyoming">
Gillette, Wyoming

Gillette is a city in and the county seat of Campbell County, Wyoming, United States. The population was 29,087 in 2010. Gillette is centrally located in an area involved with the development of vast quantities of American coal, oil, and coal bed methane gas. The city calls itself the "Energy Capital of the Nation," noting that the state of Wyoming provides nearly 35% of the nation's coal. Over the last decade Gillette has seen a population increase of 48.06% from the 2000 census of 19,646 residents.
History.
Gillette was incorporated on January 6, 1892, less than two years after Wyoming became a state. The city was named after Edward Gillette, who worked as a surveyor for the Chicago, Burlington and Quincy Railroad.
In 1974, U.S. psychologist ElDean Kohrs used the town as the basic example of what he called the 'Gillette Syndrome': the social disruption that can occur in a community due to rapid population growth.
Geography and climate.
Gillette is located at (44.282660, −105.505256). It is situated between the Big Horn Mountains to the west and the Black Hills to the east, in the Powder River Basin.
According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of , of which, is land and is water.
Gillette has a semi-arid climate (Köppen climate classification "BSk").
Demographics.
As of 2000 the median income for a household in the city was $69,581, and the median income for a family was $78,377. Males had a median income of $41,131 versus $22,717 for females. The per capita income for the city was $19,749. About 5.7% of families and 7.9% of the population were below the poverty line, including 6.2% of those under age 18 and 14.1% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census.
As of the census of 2010, there were 29,087 people, 10,975 households, and 7,299 families residing in the city. The population density was . There were 12,153 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the city was 92.2% White, 0.4% African American, 1.2% Native American, 0.7% Asian, 3.2% from other races, and 2.2% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 9.5% of the population.
There were 10,975 households of which 38.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.2% were married couples living together, 10.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 33.5% were non-families. 24.3% of all households were made up of individuals and 4.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.61 and the average family size was 3.09.
The median age in the city was 30.6 years. 28% of residents were under the age of 18; 10.9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 30.6% were from 25 to 44; 24.8% were from 45 to 64; and 5.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 52.3% male and 47.7% female.
Local Media.
The Basin Radio Network owns KIML 1270 AM, KLED 93.3 FM, KAML-FM 97.3 FM, KGWY 100.7 FM, and KDDV-FM 101.5 FM.
Keyhole Broadcasting, LLC owns KGCC 99.9 FM, KQOL-FM 105.3 and KXXL 106.1 FM.
KUWG 90.9 FM, is a Wyoming Public Radio station.
Television station available in Gillette: PBS station K28CH is a local translator for KCWC-DT in Lander.
Gillette has two newspapers, the "Gillette News-Record", published by Ann Kennedy Turner, and the "Campbell County Observer" Published by Nicholas De Laat Campbell County Observer Website. The News-Record was originally two newspapers, the Gillette News and the Campbell County Record. The News-Record became a daily in the early 1980s. The Campbell County Observer is a weekly local newspaper established in April 2011.
Gillette has many local magazines, The Gillette Wy Adventure Guide, published online by Tyson Waggener. There are also several print magazines including Anybody's Autos, The House Hunter and W Magazine. These are valuable resources for anyone looking for information on the Gillette area.
Special facilities.
At Gillette, Wyoming there is a LORAN-C transmitter at 44°00'11" N and 105°37'24" W. Its antenna, a 700 ft (213.36 meter) high guyed radio mast, is the tallest structure in Wyoming.
Gillette-Campbell County Airport(GCC) is served by Delta Airlines and United Airlines operated by SkyWest Airlines. SkyWest currently operates 8 flights daily in and out of Gillette to hubs in Denver, Rock Springs and Salt Lake City.
The Wyoming Center, a 9,000 seat arena located at the Cam-Plex just east of the city, was completed in 2008. The Cam-Plex hosts events ranging from concerts and balls to the National High School Finals Rodeo.
Education.
Public education in the city of Gillette is provided by Campbell County School District #1. Gillette is home to Campbell County High School. Gillette College, a two-year college, is part of the Northern Wyoming Community College District.

</doc>
<doc id="19988293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988293" title="Retroculus">
Retroculus

Retroculus is a genus of cichlid native to tropical South America where two are native to rivers in southeastern Amazon Basin in Brazil, while the final is native to rivers in Amapá (Brazil) and French Guiana. They are superficially similar to "Geophagus". It is the sole genus included in the subfamily Retroculinae.
Species.
There are currently three recognized species in this genus:

</doc>
<doc id="19988295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988295" title="Dora de Pedery-Hunt">
Dora de Pedery-Hunt

Dora de Pédery-Hunt, (16 November 1913 – 29 September 2008) was a Hungarian-Canadian sculptor who designed medals and coins. She was the first Canadian citizen to design an effigy for Queen Elizabeth II.
Life.
Dora de Pédery was born in Budapest, Hungary 16 November 1913. She trained at the Royal School of Fine and Applied Arts in Budapest, receiving a Masters Diploma in Sculpture in 1943. After German forces occupied Hungary in March 1944, her family decided to flee west, fearing the Soviet advance from the east. They arrived in Hannover not long before its fall to the Allied forces. 
Five years later, through the sponsorship of Major Thomas S. Chutter, she immigrated to Canada.
She died from colorectal cancer in Toronto, Ontario on 29 September 2008.
Work.
In 1963, she was elected to the Ontario Society of Artists. She was a founding member of the Canadian Portrait Academy and the Medallic Art Society of Canada. On numerous occasions, she represented Canada as a Delegate to the International Art Medal Federation FIDEM. She was elected to the Sculptors Society of Canada. She was a member of Royal Canadian Academy of Arts She taught sculpture at the Ontario College of Art 
She created the effigy of Queen Elizabeth II that was used on Canadian coinage in 1990. 
Her medal design of Sir Donald Alexander Smith was used by Canada Post as a six cent postage stamp. Two of her portraits of Dr. Frances Loring are in the collection of the National Gallery of Canada.
Royal Canadian Mint coins.
Besides the effigy of Queen Elizabeth II, various Royal Canadian Mint gold coins with a face value of one hundred dollars were designed. 

</doc>
<doc id="19988302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988302" title="Cichlinae">
Cichlinae

Cichlinae is a subfamily of South American fishes in the cichlid family. They are predatory and relatively elongated in shape. Of the three genera in the subfamily, some species of "Cichla" reach almost in length, making them by far the largest cichlids of the Americas, and among the largest cichlids anywhere. In contrast, "Teleocichla" are among the smallest cichlids of the Americas, and most species only reach around in length.

</doc>
<doc id="19988315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988315" title="Astronotinae">
Astronotinae

The Astronotinae are a subfamily of cichlids from South America, where they are found in the Amazon, Orinoco, Paraná, and Paraguay River basins, and various rivers in the Guianas. The subfamily includes three genera, each with two species.

</doc>
<doc id="19988317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988317" title="Edward Ng">
Edward Ng

Edward W Ng ( b. 1939 Hong Kong), Chinese name 伍炜国 is an American Applied mathematician who has also held the positions of senior scientist, senior engineer and technical manager in the U.S. Space Program. He is noted for his broad variety of mathematical applications in space science and engineering. He has also contributed conscientiously in the spin-off of technology from the space program, with applications in such diverse subjects as Bose-Einstein distribution in mathematical physics, symbolic and algebraic computation, computational physics and biomedical research. 
Ng attended the Queen Elizabeth School, Hong Kong for secondary education, and the University of Minnesota for his bachelor's degree. He received his M.A. and PhD degrees from Columbia University. He was employed at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL) of the California Institute of Technology, aka Caltech under contract with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA). He retired in 2006. 
Dr. Edward Ng was elected a Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS) and is cited in the American Men and Women of Science. He was the editor of "Symbolic and Algebraic Computation" (ISBN 3-540-09519-5), in the Springer Science Lecture Notes Series. He was also a co-editor of the Proceedings of a NATO Advanced Study Institute in applied mathematics (ISBN 978-90-277-1571-5). He has published numerous technical papers of diverse mathematical applications in space sciences and engineering (selected list in external link below). His papers have appeared in Astrophysical Journal, Mathematics of Computation, Celestial Mechanics and Dynamical Astronomy, Journal of Computational Physics, M.I.T. Journal of Mathematics and Physics, ACM Transactions on Mathematical Software and Proceedings of the American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics.
Awards.
Ng has received a number of NASA Awards (cf attached citations), including the special NASA Certificate of Apollo-Columbia Commemoration of the Space Transportation System–65 Flight in 1994. He also was the recipient of the American Astronomical Society Team Appreciation Award on the Deep Space Network.

</doc>
<doc id="19988318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988318" title="California Proposition 6 (1998)">
California Proposition 6 (1998)

Proposition 6 was an initiative statute that appeared on the November 3, 1998 California general election ballot. It was passed with 4,670,524 "Yes" votes, for 59.4 percent of the total votes cast. The proposition added sections 598c and 598d to the California Penal Code, making it a felony for any person in the state to possess, transfer, receive, or hold a horse (defined to include ponies, donkeys and mules) with the intent to kill it, or have it killed, where the person knows, or should have known, that any part of the carcass will be used for human consumption. An additional provision makes it a misdemeanor to sell horseflesh within the state as meat intended for human consumption. The law further allows for anyone previously convicted of selling horsemeat to be charged with a felony in any future prosecutions for the same offense. Only about one percent of California horses were previously slaughtered for horsemeat, primarily for export to markets in Belgium, France, Italy, and Japan. Horsemeat is rarely eaten by people in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="19988323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988323" title="California Proposition 6">
California Proposition 6

California Proposition 6 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19988325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988325" title="Ali Maqseed">
Ali Maqseed

Ali Maqseed () is a Kuwaiti football midfielder. He plays left wing for his club Al Arabi and the Kuwait national football team.
He played for Al-Arabi in the 2007 AFC Champions League group stage.

</doc>
<doc id="19988326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988326" title="Etroplinae">
Etroplinae

Etroplinae is a subfamily in the cichlid family of fishes. The subfamily includes two genera: "Etroplus", which are the only cichlids native to India and Sri Lanka, and "Paretroplus" from Madagascar (other genera native to this island are in the subfamilies Paratilapiinae and Ptychochrominae).

</doc>
<doc id="19988346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988346" title="Klein Grieshorn">
Klein Grieshorn

The Klein Grieshorn (or "Piccolo Corno Gries") is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps, located on the Swiss-Italian border. The summit is the tripoint between the cantons of Valais, Ticino and the region of Piedmont.

</doc>
<doc id="19988356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988356" title="Ptychochrominae">
Ptychochrominae

Ptychochrominae is a subfamily in the cichlid family of fish. They are restricted to lakes and rivers in Madagascar, and the majority are threatened. Most cichlid genera native to Madagascar are included in this subfamily; the only exceptions are "Paretroplus" (subfamily Etroplinae) and "Paratilapia" (sometimes included in "Ptychochrominae", but likely belongs in its own subfamily).

</doc>
<doc id="19988365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988365" title="Sujeong-gu">
Sujeong-gu

Sujeong-gu is a district (gu) in Seongnam, Gyeonggi-do, South Korea.

</doc>
<doc id="19988385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988385" title="James Cropper (priest)">
James Cropper (priest)

James Cropper (1862-1938) was an Anglican priest in the 20th century. 
He was educated at Charterhouse School and Trinity College, Cambridge. He held incumbencies at West Ham, Seaton, Broughton-in-Furness and Penrith after which he was Dean of Gibraltar. Returning to England in 1927 he became Rector of Penshurst then Tonbridge before his last appointment as Master of "Lord Leycester's Hospital", Warwick. He died on 11 January 1938 

</doc>
<doc id="19988398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988398" title="Piz Alv (Lepontine Alps)">
Piz Alv (Lepontine Alps)

Piz Alv is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps in Switzerland. The summit is the tripoint between the cantons of Uri (Unteralp valley), Graubünden (Val Maighels) and Ticino (Val Canaria).

</doc>
<doc id="19988410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988410" title="Daisuki">
Daisuki

Daisuki is a German manga anthology for girls published by Carlsen Verlag. Carlsen began publishing Daisuki in January 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="19988435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988435" title="Stroudsburg Poconos">
Stroudsburg Poconos

The Stroudsburg Poconos, located in Stroudsburg, Pennsylvania, were a minor league baseball team that played in the Interstate League in 1932 and in the North Atlantic League from 1946 to 1950. They were affiliated with the New York Yankee in 1947 and the Cleveland Indians in 1949. They played their home games at Gordon Gifels Field.
They went 19-7 in their first season of existence. The league folded on June 20, with them leading in the standings. No team known as the Stroudsburg Poconos would play again until 1946.
Their 1949 team is considered one of the top 100 minor league teams in the history of baseball. They went 101-36 that year. 
Following the 1950 season, the North Atlantic League folded and the Stroudsburg Poconos did as well.

</doc>
<doc id="19988438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988438" title="Vehicle registration plates of Taiwan">
Vehicle registration plates of Taiwan

In Taiwan, all motor vehicles are required to register and display its vehicle registration plates. The plates are issued and managed by the Ministry of Transportation and Communications (MoTC). The vehicle registration numbers in Taiwan contains Latin alphabets (A to Z), Arabic numerals (0 to 9) and Dash (–); some special types also contains Chinese Characters.
Types of Number Plate.
Taiwan's current number plate system uses Latin letters with Arabic numerals. There are many types of number plate used in Taiwan, they are:
Light vehicles.
The definition of light vehicles in Taiwan is: Motor vehicles having a permissible maximum weight NOT exceeding 3,500 kg and NOT more than nine seats including the driver's seat.
Heavy vehicles.
The definition of light vehicles in Taiwan is: Motor vehicles having a permissible maximum weight exceeding 3,500 kg and/or more than nine seats including the driver's seat.

</doc>
<doc id="19988477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988477" title="Jerry Kathman">
Jerry Kathman

Jerry Kathman is President and Chief Executive Officer of LPK, the largest independent brand design agency in the world with offices in North America, Europe and Asia. Kathman is recognized within the industry as a leading authority on the role of design in brand building. His global experience has provided Fortune 500 companies with insights into both the opportunities and pitfalls of taking a brand beyond national boundaries.
Kathman sits on the Board of the Design Management Institute and is a faculty member of the In-Store Marketing Institute. He has appeared on CNN and CNBC and has been quoted or published in The New York Times, The Wall Street Journal, Brandweek, Design Management Review, Die Welt (a leading national German newspaper), CB News (a leading French business magazine), and Hong Kong Economic Times. Kathman has authored numerous white papers in academic and professional journals on topical issues in brand design development and management.
Guest lecturing.
He lectures regularly to business and academic audiences in North America, Europe and Asia, including Columbia University, University of California at Berkeley, New York University, the Hong Kong Design Centre, Singapore Design Festival, the Design Management Institute, and the In-Store Marketing Institute.

</doc>
<doc id="19988478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988478" title="J'ai quelque chose à vous dire">
J'ai quelque chose à vous dire

"J'ai quelque chose à vous dire" () is a French film from 1931. It was film director Marc Allégret's second film short, the first being La Meilleure bobone, released a year earlier.
Plot.
Pierre Deneige (played by Fernandel), well known as a scoundrel, is the lover of a married woman (played by Colette Clauday), and goes to visit her. However, when he arrives the woman (who he assumes to be his lover) inside the apartment he goes into tells him of another lover, making Pierre think that she is being unfaithful to him. However, it turns out he is on the wrong floor, and has been talking to the wrong woman. He goes upstairs and is confronted by the his lover's husband.

</doc>
<doc id="19988490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988490" title="Cima di Cugn">
Cima di Cugn

Cima di Cugn is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps on the Swiss-Italian border. The tripoint between the cantons of Graubünden, Ticino and the region of Lombardy (2,194 m) is located 100 m south-west of the summit.

</doc>
<doc id="19988495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988495" title="Brachyglanis">
Brachyglanis

Brachyglanis is a genus of Three-barbeled catfishes native to South America.
Species.
There are currently six recognized species in this genus:

</doc>
<doc id="19988509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988509" title="7 (Michalis Hatzigiannis album)">
7 (Michalis Hatzigiannis album)

7 is the fifth studio album by Greek singer-songwriter Michalis Hatzigiannis. The first studio album released following his 2006 4× platinum "Fili Ki Ehthri", it is entirely composed by Hatzigiannis, and was released by Universal Music Greece on October 29, 2008. It was certified Platinum in the first week of its release, and was later certified 2× Platinum within a month for 60,000 copies and becoming the best-selling album of the year in Greece. After IFPI lowered their sales thresholds in 2009, the album was certified 5× Platinum for the same sales, making it his most successful album in terms of certifications, but his second least successful studio album overall in Greece, following his debut "Paraxeni Giorti".
Album information.
"7" is Hatzigiannis' seventh album release in Greece, having released four commercially successful studio albums and two live albums since 2000. However, this count does not include the three rare albums he had released in Cyprus prior to him settling in Greece and which do not form part of his official discography. Thus, the title "7" justifies the album's ranking as being the seventh album of his career as a famed singer-songwriter in Greece. 
"7" features 11 new tracks with music written by Hatzigiannis himself. Lyrics are by Nikos Moraitis and Eleana Vrahali, with "Alli Mia Nihta" being written entirely by Hatzigiannis. The album includes the song "I Agapi Pou Meni" (Polikatikia), which is also the title track to the Greek show "I Polikatikia" (The Apartment Building) on Mega Channel. The album was sponsored by OTE, which had also sponsored many of Hatzigiannis' past albums and singles. The album was also released as a "special edition", that includes a bonus booklet. Backing vocals are performed by Despina Olympiou on tracks 3, 7 and 10, and by Marlen Angelidou on tracks 4, 5 and 8.
Singles.
"Emeis I Dio San Ena" 
"Ola Tha Pane Kala"
"Anapoda"
"Parta Ola Dika Sou"
Reception.
Commercial reception.
"7" debuted on the Greek Albums Chart at number one on week 45/2008; it had an opening sales week of at least 30,000 copies, and thus was also certified platinum in its first week of release. After three weeks at number one, it dipped to number three before rebounding to number one on week 49 where it also stayed for the following two weeks. "7" reached 2× Platinum within a month of its release. By its eighth week on the chart, "7" dropped from number one to number fifteen, but by week nine, it moved up to number nine, and then to number seven the following week. As of the week 11/2009 charts, the album has charted for 16 weeks. 
On March 2009 IFPI announced that they would close their charts for a period of time in order to re-new their charting system, thus it was not possible to track the chart and sales records of "7". On July 17, 2009 IFPI confirmed that the album reached 5x platinum status in Greece under the new sales thresholds that were significantly lowered. "7" in fact was actually only certified 5× Platinum with the previously confirmed 60,000 sales (with a Platinum certification now being awarded at 12,000 copies), not for additional sales. "7" was eligible to be re-certified with the same sales because it was charting in 2009. IFPI is set to resume operations in the coming months. The album is Hatzigiannis' most successful in terms of IFPI certifications, however, in actuality, it was far less commercially and critically successful than his previous studio album, which sold double the amount of "7". "7" is also Hatzigiannis' least successful studio album since his Greek debut "Paraxeni Giorti" in 2000.
The album was ranked number one on both IFPI's Year-end charts for "Top 50 Greek albums of 2008", and "Top 50 Greek and International albums of 2008". This was a stron achievement especially as it was released in the last quarter of the year, and only eight weeks worth of sales were eligible for counting. Nevertheless, it still by far outsold the other albums of the year in Greece, with its closest competitor, Elena Paparizou's "Vrisko To Logo Na Zo" being ranked second for sales of at least 30,000.
In Cyprus the album also charted at no1. On July 2009 it was announced by Hatzigiannis local promoters Cyta (Cyprus Telecommunications) that the album went Platinum.
Critical response.
Following the success of Hatzigiannis' previous studio album, "Fili & Ehthri", expectations for this album were high. Critical reception to the album was mostly positive, with some critics believing that "Fili ki Ehthri" was superior. On a negative extreme, the Greek site "Avopolos", which is typically known to give lower reviews, gave the album a very low rating of 1.5/5 stars, rating as "bad" according to their system, one level above "unacceptable". Anastasia Touroutoglou who reviewed the album expressed that Hatzigiannis had "all of the factors for large commercial success" and that he attracts the younger generation of music consumers, saying that "at this moment his records sell like crazy". However, Touroutoglou was unimpressed with Hatzigiannis' album. Hatzigiannis' press release in promotion of the album included a statement saying that he "is the most restless and most inspired producer of the contemporary Greek scene", which she heavily contradicted by saying "in reality "7" is nothing more than a record based on that has been done a thousand times for commercial success." She claimed that "Emeis I Dyo San Ena" was merely a repeat of his past hits and that "'I Agapi Pou Meni' consists of lyrics so incoherent that in the end the only thing left for you to do is to completely ignore them and follow its pop melody." Touroutoglou further claimed that despite their low quality, those were actually the strong points of the album. She described "Mi Me Kitas" as a song that would not need too many changes to fit into the Greek bouzouki club scene, in criticism of Hatzigiannis' more pop image in recent years, while she panned his attempt at infusing reggae in "Ola Tha Pane Kala", calling it "uninspired". However, she supported him in the éntekhno genre, saying that while the song "Thalassa" is nothing special, his vocals sound warm and expressive in it. She finally criticques the songs "Anapoda" and "Anaptiras" which she described as typical in his trend, saying that "even if they were joyful in the past, the continuous self-repetition will accomplish I'm afraid, to alter the meaning of pop with that of simplicity". She concluded to say that the "biggest pity" in Hatzigiannis' case "is that he is capable of being a person who, if he can pull away from the logic of commercial success, he could [...] with the immense popularity that he has, bring the contemporary Greek music scene a level higher popularity." She asserted that Hatzigiannis is compromising artistry for commercial success with his crossover to simple, bouncy pop tunes in recent years and declares that the album "7" had no reason to be released apart from an obligation to do so as two years had passed since his last album.

</doc>
<doc id="19988517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988517" title="Blacker's Art of Fly Making">
Blacker's Art of Fly Making

"Blacker's Art of Fly Making" - "comprising angling and dyeing of colours with engravings of Salmon and Trout flies shewing the process of the gentle craft as taught in the pages with descriptions of flies for the season of the year as they come out on the water" is a work of fly tying literature with significant fly fishing content written by William Blacker, a London Tackle dealer and first published in London in 1842 by George Nichols. The 1842 and 1843 editions were only 48 pages while, the 1855 edition was considerably expanded by Blacker with hand-painted, colored illustrations and 252 pages.
Synopsis.
"Blacker's Art Fly Making" is best described by the author himself in the preface to the second edition (1855):
I know not how to apologise for submitting a Second Edition of this little Book to the notice of the Angling few, after the appearance of so many by clever writers, except the many calls I had for It, and a sincere desire of improving farther upon a craft that has not hitherto been clearly promulgated by a real practitioner; consequently my great object is to benefit and amuse my readers, by giving them something practical, which at the present time may be particularly wanted by those who love to make their own flies, whose wants, without doubt, will be found sufficiently supplied in this book; the tyro will appreciate it as valuable to him, and the senior angler who may, perchance, be in possession of it, and who may be singularly fond of making his flies, and amusing himself dyeing the hackles and colours, &c., will, I am persuaded, consider it a treasure.
My endeavours have been unceasing for many years past, in striving to please the
great Salmon Fishers and Trout Fishers of this Country, and I must confess that my labours have not been in vain; they have generously conferred upon me their very kind patronage and good will, benefits for which I hold them in very great estimation. Under these circumstances, I have taken much pains to write the book in a befitting manner to suit their tastes and purposes, although my inability in many instances has been an obstacle, nevertheless with all my faults I claim the title of Fisherman, an humble and unimportuned name which no reasonable dispensation can deprive me of.
From my boyhood, I took great delight in ranging along the banks of the beautiful and romantic streams of my native land, Ireland; and having also been for many years a skilful Fly Fisher of no little commendation, in both Great Britain and Hibernia, it is my desire to impart to the world, plainly and easily, the knowledge I have acquired, that all those who wish to become masters of the art, may, by patience and practice, and a close adherence to the instructions I shall lay down, derive the fullest benefit from my experience.
I have endeavoured in the following treatise on Fly-making, to divest the subject, as far as possible, of all technicalities and superfluities; at the same time, I have entered into such full details in the construction of the
Fly, that by adopting the process I have pointed out, and following the instructions I have given, the aspirants to the art of Fly-making may speedily become proficients.
In this little book there will be found nothing imaginary, but it is purely written from the practice of angling, so that I may without scruple, justly entitle it "The Art of Fly-making, Angling, and Dyeing of Colours". It is also interspersed with many useful remarks that will no doubt agreeably entertain my readers.
No man has taken such pains to improve upon the angler's craft as I; on every article in the whole range of fishing tackle I have made some improvement on rods, flies, lines, reels, and tackle of every sort; and in these pages have left a lasting memorial of my handicraft to the fly-fisher, from whom I have hidden nothing that might retard him in his progress, and who will appreciate it for the great deal of matter propounded in little compass to prevent incumbrance; that the lovers of fly fishing, which has superior claims, may have an opportunity of keeping it in their side pocket,—to be convenient and handy when on their piscatory excursions, the exercise and variety of which will be found advantageous to the health, and the calming of the mind—things not to be purchased; enjoying at the same time the harmonious notes of the warblers of the grove, and musing upon the diversity of the prospects around, while straying along the beautiful streams and vallies of this delightful country.
The list of flies I have given, will be found very valuable, and the tyro will take great delight in imitating these flies necessary for use, and suiting the colours exactly to each, keeping to their symmetrical forms as they appear with his light materials. This beautiful branch of fly-making, peculiarly my own, cannot fail to perfect the angler who is scientific and ingenious, the result of which will be never-failing success.
I have added to the art of fly-making full instructions, and the most approved receipts for dyeing mohair, pighair, feathers, and other materials most useful and appropriate for imitating the natural flies and stuffs the most killing for Trout and Salmon; and which will retain their brilliancy through all the vicissitudes to which they may be exposed.
To bring the Engravings of the flies to the greatest perfection, I have stood at the elbow of the artist who executed this part of the work, that they might be turned out exact to my own models, which renders them and the descriptions more intelligible, as the shade in the fibre of each feather is shown in the plate, in the clearest and finest manner imaginable, that it may be properly seen how these artificial flies are constructed,—the resemblance of those beautiful ones, the productions of the Great Author of Nature, that Trout and Salmon do love to feed upon.
I have also given the principal rivers of England, Ireland, Scotland, and Wales, with the flies best adapted to each, which will enable the fisher to have all things in readiness on his arrival at their localities, and sally out on the finny tribe fearless of disappointment; and for the younger branch of
anglers, I have shown the various sorts of fish, with the tackle and baits best adapted to catch them.
The catechism of fly making which I have introduced will be found very curious and instructive to the young beginner, and will afford him every opportunity of retaining the whole process, that when rehearsed in the mind, and perfectly understood, he may apply, with more certain facility, the hand to both material and hook.
Published by the Author, WILLIAM BLACKER, At 54, Dean Street Soho, 1855.
Reviews.
Mr. Blacker has been a celebrated trout and salmon angler from early boyhood, and he is known to be the best maker of trout and salmon and flies alive. We have never seen such flies as his, for naturalness of shape, appropriateness of colour and for beauty and solidity of finish. In making flies he has "caught a grace beyond the reach of art" and this he exhibits in the "Sanspareil" work before us. It contains no fewer than seventeen engravings on steel and copper, of, trout and salmon flies, in every stage of fabrication, from the whipping of hook and gut together to the finishing of the head. These engravings every plate crowded with figures, are executed after his own models and under his own "Surveillance" and carefully and beautifully coloured, he standing, as he says, "by the artist's elbow". They contain coloured representations of hackles, wing-feathers, fur, silk, tinsel, in their natural state, and prepared for forming the artificial insect. His profusely illustrated instructions for making salmon-flies are entirely original there being nothing at all like them in any work extant, and he must be a dull scholar indeed, who shall not, after
brief study of them, become his own salmon fly dresser.
Never, was a book more honestly and conscientiously written. It glows with deep-felt enthusiasm for his art, and with a generous desire of revealing everything that pertains to the perfect acquisition of it in all its branches. It is a work of great labour and long pains-taking, unique at all points, and no one could have written it but a practical angler of long, passionate, and devoted experience in the capture of salmon and salmonidae, and of "ne plus ultra" perfection in the art of making artificial flies, and concomitantfishing tactle. The work is published by himself, at 54, Dean Street, Soho, and we recommend it more earnestly than we have ever done any other work of the sort.
It is of interest to compare the directions in Barker, Venables and Cotton with those in Blacker, two centuries later. I am referring to Blacker's third book, the Art of Fly-Making (1855). In it he gives the reverse winged fly as the first and easiest pattern; all his directions are very like the earlier writers, with the important difference that his wings were made of two slips. He
also gives directions how to wing the other way; but anyone reading the two accounts together will not find much difference.
William Blacker (the Irishman who operated a tackle shop as 54 Dean Street, Soho, London) was acknowledged as one of the best trout and salmon fly dressers of his day. His fly dressing methods are described and illustrated in his book the "Art of Fly Making", which first appeared in 1842 and was reissued in 1843 and again in 1855
In 2001, noted fly fishing historian Andrew Herd wrote:
Blacker's advice on fly tying was a radical departure from this predecessor. For a start, he gave totally different methods for tying trout and salmon flies, and much of his writing was taken up by a manual devoted to the details of how to dress individual flies.
Where the salmon fly is concerned, Blacker was the torch that illuminated the night and the pattern he created suddenly lifted the sights of many of his contemporaries. His fame spread so far and wide that is wasn't long before he could afford to charge three pounds for a month's tuition of four hours each day at trout and salmon fly tying.
Contents.
From the 1855 Edition
Other Editions.
From Antiquarian Book Exchange and "Bibliotheca Piscatoria-A Catalogue Of Books On Angling, The Fisheries and Fish-Culture, With Bibliographical Notes and an Appendix Of Citations Touching On Angling and fishing from Old English authors", Westwood and Satchell (1883)
See also.
Bibliography of fly fishing

</doc>
<doc id="19988520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988520" title="List of towns and cities in Oklahoma by population">
List of towns and cities in Oklahoma by population

The following list of towns and cities in Oklahoma, shows the incorporated places in the U.S. state of Oklahoma, in order of population according to the 2010 United States Census:
Largest 10 cities by population.
1. Oklahoma City
599,476
2. Tulsa
391,906
3. Norman
110,925
4. Broken Arrow
98,850
5. Lawton
96,867
6. Edmond
81,405
7. Moore
55,081
8. Midwest City
54,371
9. Enid
49,379
10. Stillwater
45,688
Cities of more than 10,000.
11. Muskogee
39,223
12. Bartlesville
35,750
13. Shawnee
29,857
14. Owasso
28,915
15. Ponca City
25,387
16. Ardmore
24,283
17. Duncan
23,431
18. Yukon
22,709
19. Del City
21,332
20. Bixby
20,884
21. Sapulpa
20,544
22. Altus
19,813
23. Bethany
19,051
24. Sand Springs
18,906
25. Claremore
18,581
26. McAlester
18,383
27. Mustang
17,395
28. Jenks
16,924
29. Ada
16,810
30. El Reno
16,749
31. Chickasha
16,036
32. Durant
15,856
33. Tahlequah
15,753
34. Miami
13,570
35. Okmulgee
12,321
36. Woodward
12,051
37. Elk City
11,693
38. Guymon
11,442
39. Choctaw
11,146
40. Weatherford
10,833
41. Glenpool
10,808
42. Guthrie
10,191
43. Warr Acres
10,043
Cities and towns of more than 1,000.
44. Coweta
9,943
45. Pryor Creek
9,539
46. Clinton
9,033
47. The Village
8,929
48. Sallisaw
8,880
49. Poteau
8,520
50. Wagoner
8,323
51. Cushing
7,826
52. Newcastle
7,685
53. Blanchard
7,670
54. Seminole
7,488
55. Skiatook (town)
7,397
56. Catoosa
7,151
57. Blackwell
7,092
58. Idabel
7,010
59. Anadarko
6,762
60. Grove
6,623
61. Noble
6,481
62. Tecumseh
6,457
63. Pauls Valley
6,187
64. Tuttle
6,019
65. Henryetta
5,927
66. Purcell
5,884
67. Holdenville
5,771
68. Vinita
5,743
69. Piedmont
5,720
70. Collinsville
5,606
71. Hugo
5,301
72. Perry
5,126
73. Watonga
5,111
74. Harrah
5,095
75. Lone Grove
5,054
76. Alva
4,945
77. Sulphur
4,929
78. Marlow
4,662
79. Kingfisher
4,633
80. Sayre
4,375
81. Bristow
4,222
82. Fort Gibson (town)
4,154
83. Slaughterville (town)
4,137
84. Broken Bow
4,120
85. Pocola (town)
4,056
86. McLoud (town)
4,044
87. Verdigris (town)
3,993
88. Stilwell
3,949
89. Frederick
3,940
90. Spencer
3,912
91. Madill
3,770
92. Hobart
3,756
93. Nowata
3,731
94. Nichols Hills
3,710
95. Pawhuska
3,584
96. Hominy
3,565
97. Muldrow (town)
3,466
98. Wewoka
3,430
99. Dewey
3,432
100. Heavener
3,414
101. Checotah
3,335
102. Cleveland
3,251
103. Okemah
3,223
104. Tonkawa
3,216
105. Hinton (town)
3,196
106. Roland (town)
3,169
107. Atoka
3,107
108. Chandler
3,100
109. Mannford (town)
3,076
110. Tishomingo
3,034
111. Mangum
3,010
112. New Cordell
2,915
113. Drumright
2,907
114. Bethel Acres (town)
2,895
115. Wilburton
2,843
116. Lindsay
2,840
117. Perkins
2,831
118. Eufaula
2,813
119. Cache
2,796
120. Healdton
2,788
121. Stigler
2,685
122. Jones (town)
2,692
123. Stroud
2,690
124. Davis
2,683
125. Marietta
2,626
126. Fairview
2,579
127. Walters
2,551
128. Commerce
2,473
129. Antlers
2,453
130. Jay
2,448
131. Nicoma Park
2,393
132. Prague
2,386
133. Newkirk
2,317
134. Wynnewood
2,212
135. Pawnee
2,196
136. Spiro (town)
2,164
136. Calera (town)
2,164
137. Elgin
2,156
138. Lexington
2,152
139. Hennessey (town)
2,131
140. Hartshorne
2,125
141. Chouteau (town)
2,097
142. Granite (town)
2,065
143. Waurika
2,064
144. Hollis
2,060
145. Pink (town)
2,058
146. Burns Flat (town)
2,057
147. Krebs
2,053
148. Haskell (town)
2,007
149. Arkoma (town)
1,989
150. Coalgate
1,967
151. Chelsea (town)
1,964
152. Hooker
1,918
153. Goldsby (town)
1,801
154. Inola (town)
1,788
155. Langston (town)
1,724
155. Wilson
1,724
156. Carnegie (town)
1,723
157. Kiefer (town)
1,685
158. Comanche
1,663
159. Union City (town)
1,645
160. Warner (town)
1,641
161. Westville (town)
1,639
162. Minco
1,632
163. Kingston (town)
1,601
164. Stratford (town)
1,525
165. Beaver (town)
1,515
166. Cherokee
1,498
167. Morris
1,479
168. Vian (town)
1,466
169. Apache (town)
1,444
170. Locust Grove (town)
1,423
171. Panama (town)
1,413
172. Crescent
1,411
173. Helena (town)
1,403
174. Salina (town)
1,396
175. Snyder
1,394
176. Fairfax (town)
1,380
177. Shattuck (town)
1,356
178. Laverne (town)
1,344
179. Beggs
1,321
180. Buffalo (town)
1,299
181. Konawa
1,298
182. Goodwell (town)
1,293
183. Waukomis (town)
1,286
184. Wetumka
1,282
185. Geary
1,280
186. Geronimo (town)
1,268
187. Boise City
1,266
188. Barnsdall
1,243
189. Maysville (town)
1,232
190. Rush Springs (town)
1,231
191. Yale
1,227
192. Luther (town)
1,221
193. Okarche (town)
1,215
194. Bray (town)
1,209
195. Dickson (town)
1,207
196. Sperry (town)
1,206
197. Okeene (town)
1,204
198. Central High (town)
1,199
199. Mooreland (town)
1,190
200. Boley (town)
1,184
201. Thomas
1,181
202. Fletcher (town)
1,177
203. Byng (town)
1,175
204. Mounds (town)
1,168
205. Kellyville (town)
1,150
206. Oologah (town)
1,146
207. Meeker (town)
1,144
208. Colbert (town)
1,140
209. Talihina (town)
1,114
210. Wister (town)
1,102
211. Cyril (town)
1,059
212. Erick
1,052
213. Quinton (town)
1,051
214. Afton (town)
1,049
215. Maud
1,048
216. Fairland (town)
1,057
217. Oakland town, Marshall County
1,057
218. Grandfield
1,038
219. Ringling (town)
1,037
220. Shady Point (town)
1,026
221. Oilton
1,013
222. Ninnekah (town)
1,002
223. Temple (town)
1,002
Cities and towns of less than 1,000.
224. Forest Park (town)
998
225. Weleetka (town)
998
226. Caddo (town)
997
227. Medford
996
228. Gore (town)
977
229. Hydro (town)
969
230. Empire City (town)
955
231. Allen (town)
932
232. Waynoka
927
233. Texhoma (town)
926
234. Quapaw (town)
906
235. Sentinel (town)
901
236. Dewar (town)
888
237. Mannsville (town)
863
238. North Enid (town)
860
238. Seiling
860
239. Pond Creek
856
240. Tipton (town)
847
241. West Siloam Springs (town)
846
242. Garber
822
243. Clayton (town)
821
244. Langley (town)
819
245. Blair (town)
818
246. Ryan (town)
816
247. Colcord (town)
815
248. Davenport (town)
814
249. Haileyville
813
250. Cashion (town)
802
250. Howe (town)
802
250. Kansas (town)
802
251. Cheyenne (town)
801
252. Arapaho (town)
796
253. Mountain View (town)
795
254. Sterling (town)
793
255. Adair (town)
790
256. Wellston (town)
788
257. South Coffeyville (town)
785
258. Valley Brook (town)
765
259. Tyrone (town)
762
260. Wright City (town)
762
261. Valliant (town)
754
262. Copan (town)
733
262. Morrison (town)
733
263. Kiowa (town)
731
264. Porum (town)
727
265. Roff (town)
725
266. Boswell (town)
709
267. Springer (town)
700
267. Elmore City (town)
697
268. Wayne (town)
688
268. Vici (town)
699
269. Savanna (town)
686
270. Binger (town)
672
271. Carney (town)
647
272. Rock Island (town)
646
273. Fort Cobb (town)
634
274. Bokchito (town)
632
275. Earlsboro (town)
628
276. Canton (town)
625
277. Okay (town)
620
277. Velma (town)
620
278. Welch (town)
619
279. Washington (town)
618
280. Webbers Falls (town)
616
281. Lahoma (town)
611
282. Paoli (town)
610
283. Olustee (town)
607
284. Glencoe (town)
601
285. Hulbert (town)
590
286. Hammon (town)
568
287. Porter (town)
566
288. Keota (town)
564
289. Bernice (town)
562
290. Dill City (town)
562
291. Cole (town)
555
292. Alex (town)
550
293. Red Oak (town)
549
294. Forgan (town)
547
295. Canute (town)
541
296. Ramona (town)
535
297. Verden (town)
530
298. Ravia (town)
528
299. Covington (town)
527
300. Arnett (town)
524
301. Fort Towson (town)
519
302. McCurtain (town)
516
303. Winchester (town)
516
304. Bokoshe (town)
512
305. Billings (town)
509
305. Schulter (town)
509
306. Calumet (town)
507
307. Corn (town)
503
308. Cement (town)
501
309. Ringwood (town)
497
310. Achille town, Bryan County
492
311. Tryon town, Lincoln County
491
312. Depew (town)
476
313. Stonewall (town)
470
314. Prue town, Osage County
465
315. Dover town, Kingfisher County
464
316. Chattanooga town, Comanche County
461
316. Paden (town)
461
317. Drummond (town)
455
318. Eldorado town, Jackson County
446
319. Thackerville town, Love County
445
320. Gage (town)
442
321. Shidler
441
322. Randlett (town)
438
322. Lone Wolf town, Kiowa County
438
322. Wapanucka town, Johnston County
438
323. Spavinaw (town)
437
323. Wynona (town)
437
324. Crowder town, Pittsburg County
430
325. Fort Coffee town, Le Flore County
424
325. East Duke (town)
424
325. Ochelata town, Washington County
424
326. Amber town, Grady County
419
326. Fanshawe (town)
419
327. Lamont town, Grant County
417
327. Delaware town, Nowata County
417
328. Stringtown town, Atoka County
410
329. Mountain Park town, Kiowa County
409
330. Bowlegs town, Seminole County
405
331. Ripley town, Payne County
403
332. Dustin town, Hughes County
395
333. Asher town, Pottawatomie County
393
334. Oktaha town, Muskogee County
390
335. Medicine Park (town)
382
345. Terral town, Jefferson County
382
336. Custer City (town)
375
367. Kaw City city, Kay County
375
338. North Miami town, Ottawa County
374
339. Jennings town, Pawnee County
363
340. Carmen (town)
355
341. Wanette town, Pottawatomie County
350
342. Wakita town, Grant County
344
342. Indiahoma (town)
344
343. Agra (town)
339
344. Wyandotte (town)
333
345. Fort Supply (town)
330
345. Ralston (town)
330
346. Tupelo
329
347. Coyle town, Logan County
325
348. Keyes (town)
324
349. Avant (town)
320
349. Millerton (town)
320
350. Mill Creek (town)
319
351. Francis (town)
315
351. Davidson (town)
315
352. Tushka town, Atoka County
312
353. Taloga (town)
299
354. Haworth (town)
297
355. Oaks (town)
288
356. Butler (town)
287
357. Taft (town)
250
358. Greenfield (town)
93
359. Picher
20

</doc>
<doc id="19988536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988536" title="Tobermory distillery">
Tobermory distillery

Tobermory distillery is a Scotch whisky distillery situated on the Hebridean island of Mull, Scotland in the village of Tobermory. The distillery, which was formerly known as Ledaig, was founded in 1798 and has changed hands several times, having undergone a number of periods of closure. The only distillery on Mull, it is currently owned by Burn Stewart Distillers under CL Financial. Its main product, Tobermory single malt, is used in the blends Scottish Leader and Black Bottle. The distillery also produces a smaller amount of peated whisky, which remains known under the former name, Ledaig.
History.
The distillery was founded as Ledaig distillery in 1798 by John Sinclair, ten years after the founding of Tobermory by the British Fisheries Society. Sinclair had originally arrived in the village as a merchant dealing with soda ash from burning the locally available kelp. In April 1797, he applied for 57 acres to the south of the harbor in order to build houses and a distillery. Distilling had been banned in the UK since 1795 in order to save grain for the War of the First Coalition with France. Although he was originally told to build a brewery instead, he remained with the original plan and additionally built a pier known as "Sinclair's Quay".
The current buildings were constructed during that first period of occupation, and were licensed in 1823. It was acquired by John Hopkins & Co in 1890, and by Distillers Company in 1916 before closing in 1930 following a drop in the demand for whisky due to ten years of prohibition in the United States. 
In 1972 it was reopened under the name of Ledaig Distillery (Tobermory) Ltd. In May 1975, production had to stop for a month as storage space for the whisky had run out. The construction of a bonded warehouse had been delayed, causing fourteen workers to be laid off in the duration. This was followed by the distillery going into receivership, with it being purchased by the Kirkleavington Property Company in 1978, it opened again between 1979 and 1981. In the 1980s, the warehouses were sold off for conversion into flats, and as such maturation no longer takes place on site. It closed again until 1989, and in 1991 it was purchased by Burn Stewart Distillers for £600,000 plus £200,000 for stock.
Burn Stewart Distillers were bought out by Trinidad–based CL Financial for £49 million in 2002, including the distillery at Tobermory and Deanston. It remains the only whisky distillery on the Isle of Mull, in the main village of Tobermory at the northern tip of the island. Tobermory is known for the variety of colors that the houses of the shore front are painted in and for being the location of the children's television show "Balamory". The distillery itself is located at the foot of a steep hill, at the head of the bay.
Production.
The Tobermory Single Malt is distilled from unpeated malted barley and matured in oak casks for at least ten years. A heavily peated whisky is also produced, but in small quantities, named Ledaig for the original distillery name. The malts are used in a number of blends including Scottish Leader and Black Bottle. The water for the distillery comes from a private loch near to the Mishnish lochs. The branding had been confused under previous owners, with the Tobermory brand being used for both a single malt and a blended whisky.
Production was upgraded in 1990, with the distillery becoming capable of producing a million litres of spirit a year. It uses a traditional copper–domed cast iron mash tun, four washbacks made of Oregon pine, and four spirit stills. The whisky is matured in both former bourbon whiskey and sherry casks. Maturation takes place at the distillery at Deanston.

</doc>
<doc id="19988549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988549" title="Brachyrhamdia">
Brachyrhamdia

Brachyrhamdia is a genus of three-barbeled catfishes native to South America.
Species.
There are currently six recognized species in this genus:

</doc>
<doc id="19988554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988554" title="Chandler Metropolitan Sedan">
Chandler Metropolitan Sedan

The Chandler Metropolitan Sedan was manufactured by the Chandler Motor Car Company of Cleveland, Ohio.
Chandler Metropolitan Sedan specifications (1926 data).
Standard equipment.
New car price included the following items:
Optional equipment.
The following was available at an extra cost:
Prices.
New car prices were available upon application on the following models:
References.
Source: 

</doc>
<doc id="19988565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988565" title="First Church of Hanover">
First Church of Hanover

The First Church of Hanover is located on Mount Pleasant Avenue, East Hanover, Morris County, New Jersey, United States. In 1718 the Hanover Presbyterian Church was formed in Whippany. It is one of the oldest churches in the United States.
History.
The earliest record of the church is a deed dated September 2, 1718, from John Richard, "Schoolmaster," for three and a half acres of land adjoining the Whippany River, "in consideration of ye love, good will, and affection which I have and do bear towards my Christian friends and neighbors in Whippany," "and especially of those who shall or may mutually covenant by subscription to erect a decent and suitable meeting house for the public worship of God." 
Due to long traveling distance and population increasing, "so-called" sister churches emerged in Morristown, Madison, and Parsippany. The Hanover Church was then rebuilt in 1755 near its current location. The church stood slightly east of the present building and parallel to the roadway. It served as a hospital during the Revolution when an epidemic of smallpox broke out among the soldiers quartered in and around Morristown. It has been said that Washington and his staff occupied the manse which is now remodeled and still stands a bit beyond and across the street from the present manse.
In 1835 the current church building was constructed from timbers from an old building and oak trees from the surrounding property. A few of the timbers in the edifice bear the marks of the hooks which suspended the cots when the old building was used as a hospital during the Revolution. The belfry was constructed in accordance with a design by the noted architect, Sir Christopher Wren.
Adjacent to the church property is a small cemetery. The cemetery contains many historic grave sites. One of the oldest graves is that of Ruth Burnet, 1750. The other grave sites are that of 52 soldiers, 38 from the Revolutionary War, 3 from the War of 1812, 8 from the Civil War, 1 from World War I and 2 from World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="19988567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988567" title="Getty Vocabulary Program">
Getty Vocabulary Program

The Getty Vocabulary Program is a department within the Getty Research Institute at the Getty Center in Los Angeles, California. It produces and maintains the Getty controlled vocabulary databases, Art and Architecture Thesaurus, Union List of Artist Names, and Getty Thesaurus of Geographic Names. They are compliant with ISO and NISO standards for thesaurus construction. The Getty vocabularies are the premiere references for categorizing works of art, architecture, material culture, and the names of artists, architects, and geographic names. They have been the life work of many people and continue to be critical contributions to cultural heritage information management and documentation. They contain terms, names, and other information about people, places, things, and concepts relating to art, architecture, and material culture. They can be accessed online free of charge on the Getty website.
Usage.
The Getty vocabularies can be used in three ways: at the data entry stage, by catalogers or indexers who are describing works of art, architecture, material culture, archival materials, visual surrogates, or bibliographic materials; as knowledge bases, providing information for researchers; and as search assistants to enhance end-user access to online resources. The Getty vocabularies are available in MARC format for easy mapping.
The Getty Vocabulary Program has been active within the library community, offering training on thesaurus construction and training on contributing via Getty online webforms. These opportunities are held during annual conferences of organizations such as Art Libraries Society of North America (ARLIS), Visual Resources Association (VRA), American Library Association (ALA), International Federation of Library Associations and Institutions (IFLA), NFAIS, Society of American Archivists (SAA), and Museum Computer Network (MCN).
History.
Editorial work has been managed by the Getty since 1983. In 1987 the Getty created a department dedicated to compiling and distributing terminology called the Vocabulary Coordination Group, now known as the Getty Vocabulary Program, which was within the Getty Information Institute. The data is compiled and edited in an editorial system that was custom-built by Getty technical staff to meet the unique requirements of compiling data from many contributors, building complex and changing polyhierarchies, merging, moving, and publishing in various formats. Final editorial control of the Vocabularies are maintained by the Getty Vocabulary Program, using well-established editorial rules. They are now published in automated formats only, in both a searchable online Web interface and in data files available for licensing.
Since 1998, Getty Information Technology Services and Web Services have worked closely with the Getty Vocabulary Program to conceive, develop, deploy, and continuously enhance the technologies necessary to support the growth and usage of the vocabulary databases. Three major projects comprise the work completed to date. First, the Vocabulary Coordination System (VCS) project created a single production system that replaced three separate, outdated and disparate data collection and editorial systems that had been used to produce the three vocabularies. The new, more powerful production engine allows Getty staff to efficiently collect, analyze, edit, merge and distribute terminology from Getty departments, as well as from external collaborating institutions. Second, the Vocabularies on the Web project produced unified Web-based access to the three Getty vocabularies and made them available to hundreds of thousands of researchers, scholars, and members of the general public who are interested in the subject areas covered by the vocabularies. This project also enhanced security to protect the Getty’s intellectual property, and added measurement metrics to allow the Getty to gauge the usage volume, usage patterns, and the success of these efforts. Finally, the Vocabulary Contributions project created processes and procedures for making use of and contributing to the vocabulary databases an integral part of the work in all relevant Getty and external projects.
In 2000, the Getty Vocabulary Program was moved from its Santa Monica office to its current location within the Getty Research Institute at the Getty Center.
Awards and recognition.
The Getty Vocabulary Program won the Computerworld Honors for 2007 in the category of Media Arts and Entertainment for Web-Based Global Art Resources.

</doc>
<doc id="19988587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988587" title="Rebecca Watson">
Rebecca Watson

Rebecca Kay Watson (born October 18, 1980) is an American blogger and podcast host. She is the founder of the Skepchick blog and also co-hosts The Skeptics' Guide to the Universe podcast. She also previously co-hosted the Little Atoms podcast.
Career.
Skepchick.
Watson founded Skepchick in 2005, describing it as "an organization dedicated to promoting skepticism and critical thinking among women around the world." Originally the site consisted of a forum and a monthly online magazine, "Skepchick Magazine", which was launched January 15, 2006.
In 2006, Watson released The Skepchick Calendar, a pin-up calendar featuring pictures of skeptical women for every month. Proceeds provided the attendance fee for several female applicants to attend the James Randi Educational Foundation's The Amaz!ng Meeting. New calendars have been made in subsequent years, including Skepdude Calendars since 2007.
On February 12, 2006, Watson created a blog titled "Memoirs of a Skepchick", as an addition to the magazine. Eventually the blog, now simply titled "Skepchick", became the main site, as Skepchick Magazine was discontinued in July 2006. Fourteen other bloggers beside Watson now contribute regularly, including one man.
In 2010, Skepchick partnered with the Women Thinking Free Foundation to host a vaccination drive with the help of the "Hug Me!" campaign at the Dragon*Con convention in Atlanta, Georgia. Public health staff allowed members of the public to receive a TDAP vaccination free of charge, as well as educational literature promoting immunization. In 2011, Skepchick, the James Randi Educational Foundation (JREF), and the Women Thinking Free Foundation partnered to offer a similar vaccination clinic at The Amaz!ng Meeting 9 in Las Vegas, Nevada.
The Skeptics' Guide to the Universe.
Watson's first appearance on The Skeptics' Guide to the Universe podcast was on episode 33 (March 9, 2006), where she was interviewed about her work on Skepchick. She returned on episode 36 (March 29, 2006) as a regular member of the panel.
The Public Radio Talent Quest.
In May 2007, Watson entered The Public Radio Talent Quest, a contest aimed to find new public radio hosts. The contest claims to have received more than 1,400 entries. Watson's entries won the popular vote in every round, and she was declared one of three winners who each would receive $10,000 to produce a public radio pilot.
Watson's pilot, "Curiosity, Aroused", was an hour-long program focused on science and skepticism. It featured interviews with Richard Saunders of Australian Skeptics and Mystery Investigators, and Richard Wiseman, author of Quirkology and Professor of the Public Understanding of Psychology at the University of Hertfordshire. She also investigated claims of poisonous amounts of lead in lipstick, went on a ghost tour in Boston and visited a Psychic Fair.
Her show was the only one among the three winners not to receive funding by the Corporation for Public Broadcasting for being turned into a one-year show.
Personal life.
Watson grew up in New Jersey and earned a Bachelor of Science degree in communications from Boston University in 2002. While attending Boston University, Watson worked as a magician. Watson says she "had relatively little serious interest in science" during her high school and college years but became more interested in science after being a magician and meeting with people like James Randi. On July 11, 2009, she and Sid Rodrigues were married in a surprise ceremony during The Amaz!ng Meeting 7. On April 8, 2011, she announced that she and Rodrigues were separated and seeking a divorce.
Elevator incident.
At the June 2011 "World Atheist Convention", on a panel which also included Richard Dawkins, Watson spoke about her experiences with sexism within the atheist movement. Among the topics in a vlog posted following her return from the trip, she described how after the talk and extended discussion with a group of attendees, a man from the group followed her into an elevator and asked her back to his hotel room. She cited various contextual reasons why this felt inappropriate, and advised, "...guys, don't do that." The ensuing discussion and criticism across several websites, including reddit and the Pharyngula blog, became highly polarized and heated to the point of vulgar name-calling and some personal threats, including rape and death.
The controversy increased when Richard Dawkins joined the discussion, describing her response as an overreaction since she had not been harmed, and then contrasting the "elevator incident" with the plight of women in Islamic countries. In response to Dawkins' comments, Watson stated that she would no longer buy or endorse his books and lectures. The result of this exchange led to an extended internet flame war. In the wake of this and an incident at a Center For Inquiry-sponsored event, where female atheists reported gender bias and inappropriate behavior, organizations including the Richard Dawkins Foundation have reviewed their policies regarding sexual harassment and non-discrimination.
Honors.
An outer main-belt asteroid discovered on March 22, 2001 by David H. Healy was named 153289 Rebeccawatson in her honor.

</doc>
<doc id="19988590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988590" title="Seçkin Getbay">
Seçkin Getbay

Seckin Getbay (born 27 January 1989 in Altındağ, Turkey) is a Turkish football player, who currently plays for Hacettepe on loan from Gençlerbirliği in the Turkcell Super League.

</doc>
<doc id="19988600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988600" title="Disproportionate Assets">
Disproportionate Assets

Disproportionate Assets is a term used in India to describe a situation where an individual's net economic assets significantly exceed the assets he or she should possess after accounting for the assets that he or she previously held and all legal sources of income.Disproportionate Assets are investigated by the CBI and the Income Tax Department. 
The concept is extensively used to initiate corruption investigations against public servants and elected politicians in India, and has been codified in several pieces of national and state level legislation, including the Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="19988617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988617" title="Person of Cultural Merit">
Person of Cultural Merit

System of recognition.
The Order of Culture and Persons of Cultural Merit function in tandem to honor those who have contributed to the advancement and development of Japanese culture in a variety of fields, including academia, arts, science and sports.
Order of Culture.
The award ceremony, which takes place at the Imperial Palace on the Day of Culture (November 3). Candidates for the Order of Culture are selected from the Persons of Cultural Merit by the Minister for Education, Science, Sports and Culture who then recommends the candidates to the Prime Minister. The final decisions are made by the Cabinet.
Persons of Cultural Merit.
The 1951 "Law on Pensions for the Persons of Cultural Merit" honors persons of cultural merit by providing a special government-sponsored pension. Since 1955, the new honorees have been announced on the same day as the award ceremony for the Order of Culture.
Decoration of Cultural Merit.
In 1943, Hideki Yukawa was honored with the Decoration of Cultural Merit, which was part of an Imperial honors system which predates the present one.

</doc>
<doc id="19988623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988623" title="Ranking function">
Ranking function

In information retrieval, a ranking function is a function used by search engines to rank matching documents according to their relevance to a given search query.
Once a search engine has identified a set of potentially relevant documents, it faces the task of determining which articles are most relevant, so that they may be listed first. This is typically done by assigning a numerical score to each document based on a "ranking function", which incorporates features of the document, the query, and the overall document collection.
Some very simple ranking functions include:
More sophisticated ranking functions include:
Ranking functions are evaluated by a variety of means; one of the simplest is determining the precision of the first "k" top-ranked results for some fixed "k"; for example, the proportion of the top 10 results that are relevant, on average over many queries.
Frequently, computation of ranking functions can be simplified by taking advantage of the observation that only the relative order of scores matters, not their absolute value; hence terms or factors that are independent of the document may be removed, and terms or factors that are independent of the query may be precomputed and stored with the document.

</doc>
<doc id="19988634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988634" title="Azure Mountain Fire Observation Station">
Azure Mountain Fire Observation Station

The Azure Mountain Fire Observation Station is a historic fire observation station located on Azure Mountain at Waverly in Franklin County, New York. The station and contributing resources include a , steel-frame lookout tower erected in 1918, a jeep trail now used as a hiking trail, which extends from the base of the mountain to two former observers' cabins, and a foot trail from the cabins to the summit. The tower is a prefabricated structure built by the Aermotor Corporation and provided a front line of defense in preserving the Adirondack Forest Preserve from the hazards of forest fires. 
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="19988636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988636" title="Piz da las Trais Linguas">
Piz da las Trais Linguas

Piz da las Trais Linguas (Romansh, German: "Dreisprachenspitze") meaning "peak of the three languages", or "Cima Garibaldi", is a minor summit of the Ortler Alps, located on the border between Switzerland and Italy. The summit is the tripoint between the Italian regions of Lombardy, South Tyrol and the Swiss canton of Graubünden. In Lombardy people speak Italian, in South Tyrol German, and in Graubünden Romansch, hence the name of the peak in German and Romansch. In Italy it is known as Cima Garibaldi, losing its importance as point of meeting of different cultures. 
On its southern side the mountain overlooks the Stelvio Pass (Stilfserjoch).

</doc>
<doc id="19988637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988637" title="Heptapterus">
Heptapterus

Heptapterus is a genus of three-barbeled catfishes native to South America.
Species.
There are currently 11 recognized species in this genus:

</doc>
<doc id="19988649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988649" title="Eugen Langen">
Eugen Langen

Eugen Langen (1833–1895) was a German entrepreneur, engineer and inventor, involved in the development of the petrol engine and the Wuppertal monorail. In 1857 he worked in his father's sugar factory, JJ Langen & Söhne, after an extensive technical training at the Polytechnic institute in Karlsruhe.
Otto and Langen.
Langen met Nikolaus August Otto in 1864. Otto was working on improvements to the gas engine invented by Belgian Etienne Lenoir.
The technically trained Langen recognized the potential of Otto's development, and one month after the meeting, founded the first engine factory in the world, NA Otto & Cie. At the 1867 Paris World Exhibition, their improved engine was awarded the Grand Prize.
Deutz.
After this first factory went bankrupt, Langen founded a new company for the construction of gas engines, "Gasmotoren-Fabrik Deutz", which later became the group Kloeckner-Humboldt-Deutz (KHD). This became today's Deutz AG. Langen invented and applied new methods of production in the KHD factory.
Railway equipment.
In the field of rail transport equipment, Langen was co-owner and engineer of the Cologne Waggonfabrik van der Zypen & Charlier. He started the Wuppertal monorail, a suspension railway system, in 1894.

</doc>
<doc id="19988684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988684" title="Blackwood distillery">
Blackwood distillery

Blackwood distillery is a Scottish distiller founded in July 2002 with the aim of building Shetland's first Scotch whisky distillery. In May 2008, the company went into administration, but a new company, Catfirth Ltd, was established to continue the business. In 2013, word of further funding came through, with a promise that a distillery will open soon after.
Until Blackwood distillery is operational, Highland Park in Orkney remains the most northerly distillery in Scotland.
Products.
The company's first products went on sale in October 2003: 

</doc>
<doc id="19988708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988708" title="Dreisam">
Dreisam

Dreisam is a river in Germany near Freiburg. It empties into the Elz. The waters of the Dreisam feed the famous Freiburg bächle.

</doc>
<doc id="19988709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988709" title="Amateurs Radio Algeriens">
Amateurs Radio Algeriens

The Amateurs Radio Algeriens (ARA) (in English, Association of Algerian Radio Amateurs) is a national non-profit organization for amateur radio enthusiasts in Algeria. The organization was founded on March 23, 1963.
Key membership benefits of the ARA include a QSL bureau for those amateur radio operators in regular communications with other amateur radio operators in foreign countries, and a network to support amateur radio emergency communications. The ARA represents the interests of Algerian amateur radio operators before Algerian and international regulatory authorities. The ARA is the national member society representing Algeria in the International Amateur Radio Union.

</doc>
<doc id="19988715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988715" title="Media relations">
Media relations

Media relations involves working with media for the purpose of informing the public of an organization's mission, policies and practices in a positive, consistent and credible manner. Typically, this means coordinating directly with the people responsible for producing the news and features in the mass media. The goal of media relations is to maximize positive coverage in the mass media without paying for it directly through advertising.
Many people use the terms "public relations" and "media relations" interchangeably; however, doing so is incorrect. Media relations refer to the relationship that a company or organization develops with journalists, while public relations extend that relationship beyond the media to the general public. 
It is possible for communication between the media and the organization to be initiated by either side, however dealing with the media presents unique challenges in that the news media cannot be controlled — they have ultimate control over whether stories pitched to them are of interest to their audiences. Because of this fact, ongoing relationships between an organization and the news media are vital. One way to ensure a positive working relationship with media personnel is to become deeply familiar with their "beats" and areas of interests. Media relations and public relations practitioners should read as many magazines, journals, newspapers, and blogs as possible, as they relate to one's practice.
Organizations often compile what is known as a media list, or a list of possible media outlets who may be interested in an organization's information. The media can consist of thousands of magazine publications, newspapers, and TV and radio stations. Therefore, when a "newsworthy" event occurs in an organization, a media list can assist in determining which media outlet may be the most interested in a particular story. 
Working with the media on behalf of an organization allows for awareness of the entity to be raised as well as the ability to create an impact with a chosen audience. It allows access to both large and small target audiences and helps in building public support and mobilizing public opinion for an organization. This is all done through a wide range of media and can be used to encourage two-way communication. 
Possible reasons an organization may reach out to the media are:

</doc>
<doc id="19988727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988727" title="Mark Rubin">
Mark Rubin

Mark Harrison Rubin (born October 24, 1985) is a former American football safety of the National Football League. He was signed by the St. Louis Rams as an undrafted free agent in 2009. He played college football at Penn State.
Early years.
A four-year starter at wide receiver and safety at Amherst High School in Amherst, New York, Rubin finished his high school career as the holder of three NYSPHSAA Western New York Section records: receptions (167), receiving yardage (2,488), and touchdowns (34). He was a three-time all-state pick, a three-time All-Western New York selection and was a two-time Section VI Class A Offensive Player-of-the-Year. He was a two-year captain of the football team.
Rubin was also an all-league lacrosse player, but he was perhaps best known as a standout swimmer. He was a two-time state champion and an eight-time High School All-American. At age 14, he was the #1-ranked swimmer in the country in his age group in the 50 meter freestyle and 100 meter freestyle. He beat future Olympic gold medalist Michael Phelps on several occasions. He also used to beat Olympic champion Ryan Lochte on a regular basis.
College career.
Rubin saw his first game action as a wide receiver in Penn State's 2004 Big Ten-opener at Wisconsin, making two receptions for 21 yards. He earned a starting job the next week at Minnesota, making a season-high six catches for 60 yards. He started 6 of the final 7 games, totaling 16 receptions for 187 yards for the season. Rubin dislocated his ankle in an August 2005 practice, and redshirted the 2005 season. He began the 2006 season at safety, but was troubled by a broken collarbone and played sparingly. He was switched back to wide receiver in time for Penn State's game against Temple and saw limited action the rest of the season.
In 2007, Rubin played in every game on both defense and special teams and earned the starting safety job the last five games. He ended the season with 32 tackles (17 solo), with one tackle for loss. Rubin had 8 tackles in the Nittany Lions' 24-17 Alamo Bowl victory over Texas A&M, helping hold the Aggies to 3 points over the final 49 minutes.
Rubin became the Nittany Lions' full-time starter in 2008, and made his first interception September 6, versus Oregon State. Rubin's best game came during Penn State's much-anticipated nationally-televised showdown with Ohio State. With Penn State trailing by three points with 10:38 to play, Rubin's tackle of Buckeyes quarterback Terrelle Pryor forced a momentum-changing fumble which was recovered by linebacker NaVorro Bowman. The play was voted the week's Pontiac Game Changing Performance with an overwhelming 53 percent of the total votes, Rubin led the defense with a career-high 11 tackles in the victory, and was named the Walter Camp Football Foundation National Defensive Player of the Week and Big Ten Defensive Player of the Week. He ended the season with 60 tackles (30 solo), with one tackle for loss, two interceptions and one forced fumble.
Overall, Rubin started 24 career games at Penn State.
Academic.
Rubin completed dual majors in August 2008, earning a Bachelor of Science in finance and a Bachelor of Arts in public relations, while graduating with a 3.80 GPA. He was accepted by Penn State’s graduate school as a MBA candidate that fall. He was named an Academic All-Big Ten honoree (2006, 2007, 2008) three times and was named First Team Academic All-American in 2008.
Professional career.
St. Louis Rams.
He was signed as a free agent out of Penn State immediately following the 2009 NFL Draft. He was waived June 30. Re-signed on August 10. Waived again on September 5.
Post-football.
Rubin has continued his athletic success even while in the business world at Barclays on their fixed income futures sales desk. On July 29, 2012, he competed in the Wall Street Decathlon and captured first place earning the title "Wall Street's Best Athlete". The event consisted of more than 120 traders, bankers and financial advisers who racked up points for their performance in 10 events — the 40-yard dash, 400- and 800-yard runs, bench press, agility drill, vertical leap, rowing, dips, pull-ups, and football toss.
Rubin would successfully defend that title in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19988732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988732" title="Paula Cooper Gallery">
Paula Cooper Gallery

The Paula Cooper Gallery is an art gallery in New York City founded in 1968.
Artists.
The gallery is primarily known for the Minimalist and Conceptual artists it has represented and whose careers it helped launch. Such artists include: Carl Andre, Jennifer Bartlett, Lynda Benglis, Mark di Suvero, Donald Judd, Sol LeWitt, Sophie Calle, Meg Webster among others.
History.
According to "The New York Observer", "The history of Paula Cooper Gallery is, in many ways, the history of the New York art world." Cooper opened the first gallery in lower New York City, below Houston Street, in 1968. “I didn’t like uptown,” Ms. Cooper told "The Observer". “I thought it was just little shops. I looked downtown. And people told me that I was crazy to open there. That no one would go there.” The gallery opened with an exhibition to benefit the Student Mobilization Committee to End the War in Vietnam, working alongside Veterans Against the War. The exhibition featured LeWitt’s first wall drawing, and included works by Andre, Flavin, and Judd. That show is now widely recognized as seminal in the development of a new generation of rigorous and challenging work.
By 1975, the neighborhood had been renamed SoHo, and included 83 other art galleries. Cooper relocated the gallery to Manhattan's Chelsea neighborhood in 1996. Critic Michael Kimmelman, reviewing a Carl Andre exhibition, wrote in "The New York Times", "The news here is how good Paula Cooper's new gallery looks: the main room is like a big chapel. Too bad for SoHo, which Ms. Cooper, one of its pioneering dealers, recently abandoned to the hordes of retail stores." 
In 2013, the gallery opened two pop-up spaces, in a former auto parts shop at 197 10th Avenue, near 22nd Street, as well as on the ground floor of 521 West 21st Street.
The Clock.
In February, 2011, Christian Marclay's twenty-four hour multi-visual exhibit the "The Clock" was exhibited in the gallery space. Critic Roberta Smith wrote in The New York Times, "It is ensconced in a theaterlike installation at the Paula Cooper Gallery in Chelsea, where it should not be missed...The presentation at the Paula Cooper gallery reiterates the synthetic nature of 'The Clock.' The combination of carpeted floors, walls hung with velvet curtains and a dozen long couches lined up in four rows, with the screen high and large on the wall, evocatively conflates living room, screening room and movie theater, while even hinting at drive-in movies (the couches as parked cars)." In The New York Observer, Michael H. Miller wrote, " Ms. Cooper exhibited Christian Marclay’s 24-hour paean to cinematic history, "The Clock", for several weekends, the gallery stayed open 24/7 and a line stretched around the corner into the early hours of morning...Models mingled with art handlers. Reporters and rival dealers waited patiently amongst the late-night swell of people."

</doc>
<doc id="19988754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988754" title="Karl Hellmer">
Karl Hellmer

Karl Hellmer (11 March 1896 – 18 May 1974) was an Austrian film actor. He appeared in 92 films between 1932 and 1969.
He was born in Vienna, Austria and died in Berlin, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="19988756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19988756" title="Uppsala Central Station">
Uppsala Central Station

Uppsala Central Station is a railway station located at Uppsala in Uppsala Municipality, Sweden. It lies on "Ostkustbanan" (the East Coast Line), which runs south to Stockholm and north to Gävle and Sundsvall and it is one of the termini for "Dalabanan" (the Dalarna Line) which runs northwest ending in Mora. There are frequent services to Stockholm, and inter-city services including X 2000 expresses connect Uppsala to the north. Many trains, including the local "Upptåget", also leave the main line to connect Uppsala with Stockholm-Arlanda Airport.
Next to the station is a hub for Upplands Lokaltrafik's regional coach services. Many local bus routes run through or near the station grounds as well, and there is a large area set aside for bicycle parking.
From 2005 through 2011, the station site is being renovated to build the Resecentrum (Travel Centre). This project includes:a new station building, just to the south of the existing one — construction 2009–2010; a tunnel under the tracks for pedestrians and bicycles (at present, passengers must walk across the tracks to reach most platforms); Stadhusgatan, a bus-only road on the west side of the station, so that passengers no longer need to cross Kungsgatan to reach southbound buses (northbound buses remain on the near side of Kungsgatan) — already in place; Stationsgatan, a new road extending Storgatan on the east side of the station — already in place; a new car park, and more bicycle parking; a new public square, and various beautification projects
According to an opinion poll, published in Uppsalatidningen January 14, 2011, where 1,247 people had been asked whether they believed that the new centre was important for Uppsala as a cultural centre and university town, and for the commercial activity in the area, 47% of the respondents stated that they believed it to be "very important" and 34% answered "fairly important". 

</doc>
