<doc id="19975009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19975009" title="Black suffrage">
Black suffrage

Black suffrage refers to Black people's right to vote. Black suffrage has been at issue in countries established under conditions of white supremacy. It may be limited through official or informal ("de facto") discrimination. In many places, Blacks have obtained suffrage through national independence.

</doc>
<doc id="19975025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19975025" title="List of highways numbered 426">
List of highways numbered 426

The following highways are numbered 426:

</doc>
<doc id="19975035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19975035" title="Dick Rosmini">
Dick Rosmini

Dick Rosmini (1936 - September 9, 1995) was an American guitarist, at one time considered the best 12-string guitarist in the world. He was best known for his role in the American "folk revival" of the 1960s. He died September 9, 1995 of Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis at the age of 59.
His album "Adventures for 12 string, 6 string, and banjo", predates much of John Fahey and Leo Kottke and other American Primitivism guitarists, which Kottke cited as an early influence. Rosmini was also a noted banjo player. In 1978 he wrote a booklet on multitrack recording called "TEAC Multitrack Primer".
Rosmini had already appeared as a sideman with Bob Gibson at Chicago's Gate of Horn; with Art Podell & Paul Potash at New York's Cafe Wha?; as soloist and singer at Los Angele's Ash Grove; with Barbara Dane in a concert tour with Bob Newhart; and in association with Pernell Roberts in Bonanza.
Rosmini continued his career in music as a sideman on numerous folk albums, including Bob Gibson, Eric Weissberg, Dave Van Ronk and others before leaving music to pursue a career in photography.
He subsequently taught recording for over a decade at the University of Southern California and had a hand in the evolution of motion
picture sound into its present day form.
His constant
fight to make audio electronics accessible to musicians led to his development
of many of Tascam's multitrack and portable multitrack recorders and
mixers.
He was a consultant to JBL on the monumental musical instrument transducer K-series 120 and 130, whose sound is the sound of popular music itself. He codesigned JBL studio monitors and participated in their integration into Hollywood's top studios.

</doc>
<doc id="19975042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19975042" title="List of highways numbered 428">
List of highways numbered 428

The following highways are numbered 428:

</doc>
<doc id="19975064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19975064" title="Bihari cuisine">
Bihari cuisine

Bihari cuisine (, ) is eaten mainly in Bihar, Jharkhand, Eastern Uttar Pradesh, Bangladesh, Nepal, Mauritius, Fiji, some cities of Pakistan, Guyana, and Trinidad and Tobago as these are the places where Bihari people are present. Bihari cuisine is predominantly vegetarian because traditional Bihar society, influenced by Buddhist and Hindu values of non-violence, did not eat eggs, chicken, fish and other animal products. However there is also a tradition of meat-eating, and fish dishes are especially common due to the number of rivers in Bihar, such as the Sone, Gandak and Ganges. There are also numerous Bihari meat dishes, with chicken and mutton being the most common. 
Dairy products are consumed frequently throughout the year, with common foods including yogurt known as dahi and also buttermilk known as mattha, ghee, lassi and butter. The cuisine of Bihar is similar to a great extent to North Indian cuisine but has an influence from other East Indian Cuisine (for example like Bengali cuisine). It is highly seasonal, with watery foods such as watermelon and Sherbet made of pulp of the wood-apple fruit being consumed mainly in the summer months and dry foods, preparations made of sesame seeds,poppy seeds in the winter months. 
Some dishes which Bihar is famous for include Sattu Paratha, which are parathas stuffed with fried chickpea flour, chokha (spicy mashed potatoes), fish curry and "Bihari Kebab", "Postaa-dana kaa halwaa".
Bihari thali.
As the seasons change so does the Bihari thaali, every 3–4 months. The constants are rice, roti, achar, chatni, dals and milk products with some variation. 
People use both vegetable oil or mustard oil and zeera or panchforan (literally "five seeds", namely saunf, sarson, methi, ajwain and mangraeel(Kalaunji) for "chhounkna"/"Tadka"(tempering) of some vegetables. There is a lot of light frying, called "bhoonjnaa", in Bihari food.
One of the most remarkable thing about this cuisine is "smoked food". It refers to using smoked red chilli to infuse a strong aroma in food. It is used in preparing "chokhaa", i.e. mashed brinjals/potatoes/tomatoes, either single or combined. Smoked chilli is also used in preparing kadam (a common fruit sweet sour in taste, technical name Anthocephalus morindaefolia) chutney.
Non-vegetarian cuisine.
The distinctive Bihari flavour of non-vegetarian cooking finds mention in the memoirs of Maulana Abul Kalam Azad who found it quite tasty. Forms of kebabs, mutton preparations and dishes prepared from various fowl and birds have a distinctive flavor. Biharis are quite famous for their Bihari Kebabs, another typical Bihari non-vegetarian dish. This dish was traditionally made from mutton and is eaten with roti, paratha or boiled rice. The region of Champaran is famous for a mutton grilled dish called Taash. Recently, in fast food restaurants, these Bihari Kebabs are also sold as Bihari Kebab Rolls, which are essentially kebabs wrapped up in a paratha.
Sweets.
There is large variety of sweet delicacies. Unlike Oriya and Bengali sweets, which are soaked in syrups made of sugar and are therefore wet, sweets of Bihar are mostly dry.

</doc>
<doc id="19975074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19975074" title="List of highways numbered 437">
List of highways numbered 437

The following highways are numbered 437:

</doc>
<doc id="19975075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19975075" title="Attorney General's Office (United Kingdom)">
Attorney General's Office (United Kingdom)

The Attorney General's Office (AGO) is a United Kingdom government department that supports the Attorney General and his deputy the Solicitor General.
It continues to be known informally as the Legal Secretariat to the Law Officers.
The current Attorney-General is The Rt Hon. Dominic Grieve, QC MP and his deputy, the Solicitor General is Oliver Heald MP
Organisation.
The Attorney General's Office (AGO) is one of the smallest UK government departments, with around 40 staff. It is one of "the Law Officers’ Departments" along with the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) and HM Crown Prosecution Service Inspectorate (HMCPSI), the Revenue and Customs Prosecutions Office (RCPO), the Serious Fraud Office (SFO) and the Treasury Solicitor's Department (TSD). 
The Treasury Solicitor acts as Accounting Officer for the AGO.
The AGO provides legal and strategic policy advice and support to the Law Officers; it co-ordinates across the Law Officers’ Departments; and it leads work on cross-cutting aspects of the UK criminal justice system along with the CPS, the RCPO and the SFO.
Ministers.
The Law Officers in England and Wales are as follows: 
The prosecuting departments are:

</doc>
<doc id="19975096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19975096" title="Le Bal du Comte d'Orgel">
Le Bal du Comte d'Orgel

Le Bal du Comte d'Orgel may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19975097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19975097" title="List of highways numbered 438">
List of highways numbered 438

The following highways are numbered 438:

</doc>
<doc id="19975098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19975098" title="Pull apart basin">
Pull apart basin

A pull apart basin or strike-slip basin or rhombochasm is type of structural basin which is developed between two offset segments or at a flexure in a strike-slip fault or a transform fault. A pull-apart develops where the sense of offset leads to extension, either at a right-stepping offset on a dextral sense fault or a left-stepping offset on a sinistral fault. This geometry means that fault displacement will literally pull a section of crust apart and cause the extension. The Dead Sea and the Salton Sea depressions are pull apart basins. The Cayman Trough in the northern Caribbean is an example of an elongated pull apart basin which has developed a spreading ridge in the center.
The Gulf of Paria, in the Caribbean is also an example of a pull apart basin. This is due to the movement of the faults named El Pilar to the west and Central Ridge Fault to the east.

</doc>
<doc id="19975111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19975111" title="Eizō Sakuhinshū Vol. 2">
Eizō Sakuhinshū Vol. 2

Eizō Sakuhinshū Vol. 2: Live at Budokan + is the second video release by Japanese rock band Asian Kung-Fu Generation, released on April 20, 2005 by Ki/oon Records. The two-disc video was also the band's very first live DVD, as the first disc contains live footage of the entirety of the final show of their "Tour Suihai 2004 - No!Member, November-," at Budokan, where they performed before an audience of over 10,000 people on December 5, 2004. The disc retains twenty-two songs, with tracks taken from "Kimi Tsunagi Five M", "Sol-fa", and "Hōkai Amplifier".
The second disc contains clips from the first concert at the Shimokitazawa Shelter Club on November 2, 2004. It also includes behind-the-scenes documentary directed by Toshiaki Toyoda and filmed at Kanto Gakuin University, where AKG was originally formed, as well as outtakes from the music video for "Kimi to Iu Hana." Upon its release, the video managed to top the Oricon DVD charts for an entire month.
Track listing.
All tracks by ASIAN KUNG-FU GENERATION

</doc>
<doc id="19975114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19975114" title="List of highways numbered 439">
List of highways numbered 439

The following highways are numbered 439:

</doc>
<doc id="19975118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19975118" title="Phonomotor">
Phonomotor

The phonomotor or "vocal engine" was a device invented by Thomas Edison in 1878 to measure the mechanical force of sound. It converted sound energy or sound power into rotary motion which could drive a machine such as a small saw or drill. It derived from his work on the telephone and phonograph.
Operation.
Sound waves entering a mouthpiece and falling on a diaphragm were conveyed by a piece of rubber tubing and a spring to a pawl, which vibrated against a very fine-toothed ratchet wheel. The diaphragm and mouthpiece were similar to those used on the phonograph. Vibrations caused by the voice caused a shaft and flywheel to rotate. Steady pressure from breath produced no motion, but some voices could produce rapid motion. The speed of rotation depended on the pitch of the sound. It was able to operate a small drill or saw which could bore or cut wood. When a long sustained sound got the flywheel up to an appreciable speed, considerable force was required to stop it.
Impact.
The Chicago Tribune in May 1878 predicted that it would be the basis for sound powered toys such as dolls which bow when spoken to, though none are known to have been marketed. Edison described it as a scientific toy. A U.S patent application was filed for the "Vocal Engine" in 1878, and a patent was granted on December 10 of that year. An 1884 "Nature" article on sound mills, similar devices to the phonomotor, reported that Edison's device, "literally accomplished the feat of talking a hole through a deal board." A restored model of the phonomotor is in the Edison Menlo Park laboratory exhibit at the Greenfield Village Museum in Dearborn, Michigan, and was exhibited in operation for visitors in the 1930s.

</doc>
<doc id="19975130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19975130" title="List of highways numbered 441">
List of highways numbered 441

The following highways are numbered 441:

</doc>
<doc id="19975144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19975144" title="List of highways numbered 442">
List of highways numbered 442

The following highways are numbered 442:

</doc>
<doc id="19975146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19975146" title="National Congress for the Defence of the People">
National Congress for the Defence of the People

The National Congress for the Defence of the People (, CNDP) is a political armed militia established by Laurent Nkunda in the Kivu region of the Democratic Republic of the Congo in December 2006. The CNDP was engaged in the Kivu conflict, an armed conflict against the military of the Democratic Republic of the Congo. In January 2009, the CNDP split and Nkunda was arrested by the Rwanda government. The remaining CNDP splinter faction, led by Bosco Ntaganda, was planned to be integrated into the national army.
History.
Gen. Laurent Nkunda had been a senior officer in the rebel Congolese Rally for Democracy (Goma faction) after 1998. Following the end of the war in 2003, he was offered a position in the army of the transitional government but refused to join out of fear that he would be arrested due to the International Criminal Court investigation against him. In 2004 his troops attacked Bukavu before retreating, but he rebelled again in November 2006 and attacked Goma. After sustaining heavy casualties in battle with the Pakistani battalion of the United Nations Mission in the Democratic Republic of Congo, he entered negotiations with the government and agreed to put his men into "mixage", which involved mixing rebel and non-rebel units together but is not "brassage". Perhaps inspired by the recently concluded general elections, when Nkunda engaged in negotiations with Maj. Gen. John Numbi, at that time head of the Congolese air force, he declared the group he led to be the National Congress for the Defence of the People on 30 December 2006. Nkunda benefited greatly from "mixage"; before 2007, he had two brigades while "mixage" created five mixed brigades. While numbers are disputed, Nkunda's two original brigades (the 81st and the 83rd) numbered about 2,200 men but by May 2007 some 8,000 to 8,500 men considered themselves under his command. This expansion was at least partially accomplished because Nkunda began incorporating all manner of men with unclear backgrounds into the brigades under his control, including former Rwandan soldiers, members of former militias who had been demobilized and had no skills outside of war, and others simply attracted to his populist Tutsi rhetoric.
Prior to "mixage", Nkunda's troops controlled a swathe of Masisi territory from Goma north through Sake, Kirolirwe and Kitchanga (Nkunda's homeland) and then further north and west. With his new "mixage" battalions, Nkunda was able to control large areas of Masisi and Rutshuru and expand north and east toward the border with Uganda. Newly formed national brigades were ordered to establish territorial control, which Nkunda took to mean fighting the Hutu Democratic Forces for the Liberation of Rwanda (referred to as FDLR, from its French acronym) descended from the groups that carried out the Rwandan Genocide. In late March 2007, Gen. Numbi left Goma in what the International Crisis Group sees as an attempt to distance himself from a disaster in the making, as accusations mounted that the CNDP was in effect setting up a small kingdom in Masisi. In late April, the military stopped the creation of the sixth brigade scheduled to be under Nkunda. The mixed brigades carried out offensives against the FDLR from mid-April to mid-May but, despite the claims of the CNDP, did poorly as they had little logistical support and the FDLR fought well. The military demanded that the CNDP soldiers undergo "brassage", "mixage" having failed, and three months of standoff ensued as relations between soldiers loyal to Nkunda and loyalist troops grew increasingly tense. Matters reached a breaking point when the army chief of staff declared that the offensive against the FDLR would be halted. After an international outcry, he reversed himself but stated that only units that had undergone "brassage" would be allowed to fight, apparently in the belief that the all-Tutsi CNDP units were more likely to be indiscriminately violent towards the mostly Hutu population of the FDLR heartland. On 28 August 2007, soldiers loyal to Nkunda ambushed pro-Kinshasa soldiers of the Bravo brigade in Rubare. Within days the CNDP-government violence had vastly escalated and the government was carrying out full-scale offensives against the CNDP by 6 September.
Kiwandja massacre.
The CNDP under the command of Col. Sultani Makenga was accused of massacring 67 civilians in 2008 in the town of Kiwandja in North Kivu. The head of the UN Human Rights Commission, Navi Pillay, accused Makenga of committing war crimes. 
Splintering of the CNDP.
In early January 2009, Bosco Ntaganda, a commander in the CNDP and former chief of military operations of the Union of Congolese Patriots, declared that he was taking leadership from Nkunda. On January 16, he appeared at a joint press conference with Congolese Minister of the Interior and Security Célestin Mbuyu Kabangu, the Inspector General of the Police General John Numbi, Rwanda's Chief of Defence Staff General James Kabarebe, and other senior Congolese military officers, where he declared that he was joining forces with the national army to fight the FDLR. Nkunda was arrested on 22 January after he had crossed in Rwanda. After unsuccessfully attempting to defeat the CNDP militarily, Congolese president Kabila made a deal with President Kagame of Rwanda to allow Rwandan soldiers into the DRC to uproot FDLR militants in exchange for Rwanda removing Nkunda. The Congolese government subsequently gave Ntaganda a senior position in the integration of CNDP forces back into the military. Later he effectively acted as deputy commander of Operation Kimia II, the 2009 anti-FDLR operation. About 6,000 CNDP combatants were integrated into the FARDC through what became known as the 'accelerated integration' process. The UN Children's Fund has stated that the CNDP has verbally committed to release all child soldiers in its ranks.
On March 23, 2009, the CNDP signed a peace treaty with the government, in which it agreed to become a political party in exchange for the release of its imprisoned members.
The armed confrontation resumed three years later, in the 2012 East D.R. Congo conflict.

</doc>
<doc id="19975147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19975147" title="Parham railway station">
Parham railway station

Parham railway station was a station located in Parham, Suffolk.
The station was served by trains that operated between Framlingham and Wickham Market operated by the Great Eastern Railway until 1922, the London and North Eastern Railway (1923 and 1947) and British Railways until the withdrawal of passenger services in November 1952.

</doc>
<doc id="19975150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19975150" title="Michael Hastings (playwright)">
Michael Hastings (playwright)

Michael Gerald Hastings (2 September 1938 – 19 November 2011) was a British playwright, screen-writer, and occasional novelist and poet. He is best known for his 1984 play about the poet T.S. Eliot and his wife Vivienne Haigh-Wood, "Tom & Viv", which was adapted into a motion picture released in 1994. 
Hastings was born in London. His early plays ("Don't Destroy Me" (1956), "Yes And After" (1957)) reflected the influence of the Angry Young Men movement and his brief involvement with the circle surrounding Colin Wilson.
He later enjoyed mainstream West End success with "Gloo Joo" (1978), a farce about a West Indian threatened with deportation from the United Kingdom, which won the "Evening Standard" Comedy of the Year Award in 1979. He wrote numerous stage plays, television screen plays, and in addition to the "Tom & Viv" film, scripts for two motion pictures, "The American" and "The Nightcomers" (based on Henry James' short story "The Turn of the Screw" and starring Marlon Brando). He also wrote two libretti for Michael Nyman, "" (2003, assisted by Victoria Hardie) and "Love Counts" (2005).
He published his first novel, "The Game" in 1957, followed by "The Frauds". His 1970 novel "Tussy Is Me" - about Eleanor Marx - won him the "Somerset Maugham Award". A poetry collection, "Love Me, Lambeth, and Other Poems" appeared in 1961.
Hastings died aged 73 on 19 November 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19975186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19975186" title="Washington Lafayette Elliott">
Washington Lafayette Elliott

Washington Lafayette Elliott (March 31, 1825 – June 29, 1888) was a Brigadier General in the Union Army during the American Civil War. He led a division of IV Corps at the Battle of Nashville in 1864. In 1866, he was awarded the honorary grade of brevet major general, U.S. Army.
Early life and career.
Elliott was born on March 31, 1825, at Carlisle, Pennsylvania. He was a son of U.S. Navy Commodore Jesse Elliott. Washington accompanied his father on some voyages. After attending Dickinson College, he entered the United States Military Academy on July 1, 1841. He left in 1844 to study medicine but was commissioned a second lieutenant in 1846 for the Mexican–American War. He fell ill during the Siege of Veracruz and spent the rest of the war on recruiting duty. He remained in the army as a first lieutenant (1847), serving as a quartermaster. Elliott was promoted to the rank of captain in 1854.
Civil War service.
After the outbreak of the American Civil War, Elliott served in Missouri, fighting at the Battle of Wilson's Creek. He was promoted to major of the 3rd U.S. Cavalry on August 3, 1861. Commissioned colonel of the 2nd Iowa Cavalry on September 14, 1861, Elliott served under Maj. Gen. John Pope in the Battle of Island Number Ten. He led a brigade in the Siege of Corinth. Elliott became a brigadier general on June 11, 1862, after leading a raid on the Mobile and Ohio Railroad. Elliott served on Maj. Gen. John Pope's staff in the Army of the Mississippi.
Elliott transferred East with Pope and served as chief of cavalry in the Army of Virginia. He was wounded at the Second Battle of Bull Run on August 30, 1862. He served for a time in the Department of the Northwest, as commander of the District of Wisconsin and commander of the department, before returning east in 1863. During the first half of 1863, Elliott was a brigade commander in the Middle Department, and led a brigade during the Second Battle of Winchester in mid-June. Then Elliott took command of a new division that joined III Corps, Army of the Potomac, as its third division shortly after the Battle of Gettysburg.
Elliott went west again and led the first division of the cavalry corps of the Army of the Cumberland during the relief of the Siege of Knoxville. He served as commander of that army's cavalry corps in the Atlanta Campaign. He was transferred to the infantry in late 1864, leading a division of IV Corps at the Battle of Nashville. Then Elliott commanded the District of Kansas in the Department of the Missouri before being mustered out of the volunteer service on March 1, 1866. On June 17, 1866, President Andrew Johnson nominated Elliott for the award of the honorary grade of brevet major general, U.S.A., to rank from March 13, 1865, and the U. S. Senate confirmed the award on July 23, 1866.
Postbellum.
After the war, Washington Elliott remained in the Regular Army (United States) as a major in the 1st Cavalry. he was promoted to the rank of lieutenant colonel and, in 1878, became colonel of the 3rd Cavalry. Elliott retired in 1879 and became a banker in San Francisco, California. He died in that city in 1888, and was buried at the San Francisco Presidio.

</doc>
<doc id="19975187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19975187" title="Jack Panella">
Jack Panella

Jack A. Panella (born May 4, 1955) is a Judge on the Superior Court of Pennsylvania. He is a member of the Democratic Party. Prior to his election to the Superior Court, he was a Judge on the Court of Common Pleas of Northampton County, Pennsylvania.
Personal.
He attended St. John's University and graduated in 1977 with a B.S. degree in Accounting. He was a participant in the Business Honors Program. He then received his law degree in 1980 from the Columbus School of Law at The Catholic University of America, where he received the American Jurisprudence award from The Lawyers Co-Operative Publishing Company for the highest grade in Contracts.
Following graduation, he was selected to be a Judicial Law Clerk in the Court of Common Pleas of Northampton County, Pennsylvania. From 1982 to 1991, he maintained his law practice as a sole practitioner. His clients included Larry Holmes, the former world's heavyweight boxing champion, and the late Al Loquasto, a former champion professional race car driver.
As an Assistant County Solicitor for Northampton County, he represented the Department of Human Services, including the Children and Youth Services Division, the Mental Health Division, and the Area Agency on Aging, and became known for his strong advocacy of victims. In May 1987, he was the youngest attorney in the history of Northampton County to be selected as the County Solicitor.
In 2002, he was selected to join the United States Army National Guard to visit United States troops in Germany and Bosnia. The trip was a cooperative effort of the 28th Infantry Division with the Employer Support of the Guard and Reserve (ESGR) Committee.
Judge Panella is a member of the American Bar Association, the Pennsylvania Bar Association, and the Northampton County Bar Association. He is also a member of the American Judges Association.
Judicial career.
Judge Panella's election to appellate court in 2003 followed twelve years as a trial judge. He was appointed to the Northampton County Bench in 1991 by Governor Robert P. Casey. He then became the second youngest judge in the history of Northampton County. In 1993 he was elected to a full ten-year term commencing January 1, 1994. He presided over civil and criminal trials and was also the Administrative Judge for Asbestos Litigation, which involved complex mass tort litigation.
While a trial judge, he was a member of the Pennsylvania Conference of State Trial Judges. He was Chair of the Commonwealth Partners Program, where he participated in statewide meetings with other judges and legislators in discussing and resolving issues of mutual concern. In recognition of the success of this program, Judge Panella received the President's Award from the Conference of State Trial Judges in 2002. In his capacity as a trial judge, Judge Panella was also a member of the Judicial Ethics Committee of the Conference.
He was elected to the Superior Court of Pennsylvania in November 2003, and was sworn into office as an appellate judge on January 9, 2004. He now presides over appeals from civil, criminal and family law cases. He is also the statewide Administrative Judge for Wiretap & Electronic Surveillance in Pennsylvania.
He was named runner up for the 2003 Politician of the Year by the political website PoliticsPA.
A well-publicized murder trial presided over by Judge Panella, provided the basis for the book "Lipstick and Blood" (Pinnacle True Crime 2006), by John Kearney. It is a nonfiction book about the joint murder trial of husband and wife defendants, Michelle Hetzel and Brandon Bloss, who were charged with the murder of Devon Guzman.
In 2004, he was appointed by the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania to the "Commission for Justice Initiatives in Pennsylvania" (CJI), a committee organized to coordinate and recommend judicial outreach and specialized court programs. He was the Chair of the Public Education and Community Outreach subcommittee of the Commission. As part of his responsibilities for the CJI, Judge Panella conceived and wrote a popular short film on the history and operation of the Pennsylvania Judiciary. The video can be viewed on the websites of the Administrative Office of Pennsylvania Courts and the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, or click the 'video' link above.
Judge Panella had extensive experience in matters of judicial ethics and discipline. On August 26, 1997, Judge Panella was appointed by the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania to be a judge of the Pennsylvania Court of Judicial Discipline (CJD), a constitutional court that hears charges filed by the Judicial Conduct Board against judicial officers. In June 2000, he was elected President Judge by his fellow judges. His four-year term expired in August 2001. In 2005, he was appointed by the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania to the Judicial Conduct Board (JCB), which is the investigatory and prosecutorial arm of the judicial discipline system in Pennsylvania. In July 2007, he was elected Chair of the Judicial Conduct Board, making him the only judge in the history of Pennsylvania to be elected both Chair of the JCB as well as President Judge of the CJD.
Judge Panella's first book, THE PENNSYLVANIA SEXUAL VIOLENCE BENCHBOOK, was published in December 2007. The book is a comprehensive reference designed to help judges for the complex criminal issues surrounding sexual violence cases. The book has received very favorable reviews.
Judge Panella was unsuccessful as a candidate in the 2009 election for Justice of the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="19975198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19975198" title="Reach for the Sky (2001 film)">
Reach for the Sky (2001 film)

Reach for the Sky is a 2001 Israeli documentary film which follows a group of young Israelis as they struggle to become pilots in their nation's army. But after all that they go through, only some will enjoy the honor of wearing those wings. The rest will be ordinary soldiers. After the six days are over, they sit the young soldiers down, and in a frank tone the leading officer reads off everyone’s names, telling them bluntly whether they passed or failed.
Summary.
Pilots in the Israeli army are so highly esteemed that young men and women are willing to subject themselves to days of torturous drills and exercises for a chance at flying planes. Reach For The Sky follows one group of young people as they suffer through never-ending runs and midnight push-ups to prove they’re tough enough to hack it in the Air Force.
The film shows how a group of seemingly average high school graduates are molded into obedient soldiers, capable of enduring extreme physical pain. But, despite all their hard work, only some of them will become pilots. The rest will go home disappointed.
Every grueling day is a test of the young men and women’s will, but one drill especially separates out the weak from the strong — an endless run up and down one hill known as “the Trig.” The young hopefuls start off in a sprint, but over time their pace slows. The grueling path goes on for so long and is so difficult that the viewer realizes the true feat isn’t maintaining one’s speed – it’s continuing to move at all. One girl stops only after passing out. She says she decided that as long as she was conscious, she was going to keep moving her body. Another girl explains that she felt like she “couldn’t breathe” but continued walking anyway, surprising herself. “I don’t know, I must have inner strength,” she says.
See also.
Israeli Air Force
Other Documentaries concerning the Israeli army:

</doc>
<doc id="19975208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19975208" title="The Uncanny">
The Uncanny

The Uncanny may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19975211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19975211" title="Cambodia national football team results">
Cambodia national football team results

This article details the fixtures and results of the Cambodia national football team.
Results & Fixtures.
2012.
Friendly Match
2012 AFF Suzuki Cup qualification
2008.
<br>
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19975213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19975213" title="E. Roger Muir">
E. Roger Muir

Ernest Roger Muir (December 16, 1918 – October 23, 2008) was a television producer who created several television programs and game shows. He was the creator and executive producer of children's program "The Howdy Doody Show" which ran from 1947 until 1960.
Early life and studies.
Muir was born in Alberta, Canada, on December 16, 1918, and moved to Minneapolis as a child. He graduated from the University of Minnesota, where he studied photography. He served in the United States Army during World War II, assigned to a film production unit.
Career.
He was hired by NBC after the war, based on the recommendation of a fellow soldier who had worked for the network before the war.
At NBC, he produced or directed shows including "Who Said That?", in which journalists and celebrities competed to identify the source of quotations in the news. Other programs included "The NBC Opera," "The Wide, Wide World," and "Your Hit Parade." Muir produced "The Howdy Doody Show," during its run on NBC from 1947 to 1960. In 1948, Muir conceived of a promotion in which Howdy Doody would run for President of the boys and girls in the November election, running on a campaign platform advocating two Christmases and one school day a year, more pictures in history books and free lollipops, among other pledges. In response, the show received thousands of requests for Howdy Doody campaign buttons. The show was canceled in 1960, with Muir observing that advertisers preferred to spend their money to reach adults rather than children, as adults could offer a more immediate return on their advertising spending. NBC chose Shari Lewis to fill the slot on the schedule.
In 1961, Muir joined with Robert "Nick" Nicholson to form a production company, Nicholson-Muir Productions, under which joint banner they created and/or produced a number of game shows including "Concentration," which was initially produced by Jack Barry and Dan Enright and later produced by Mark Goodson and Bill Todman, "The Newlywed Game," which was produced by Chuck Barris, "Pay Cards!" and its revival, "Super Pay Cards," "Matches and Mates," "Give 'N' Take," "Spin-Off," and "The Shopping Game." Muir also co-produced "The New Howdy Doody Show" with Nicholson. The show ran in syndication in 1976 and 1977. The duo also created Canada's longest-running game show, "Definition," which ran from 1974 to 1989.
Death.
Muir died at age 89 of a stroke on October 23, 2008 (less than two months short of his 90th birthday), near his home in Wolfeboro, New Hampshire. He was survived by his wife, five grandchildren, and one great-grandchild.

</doc>
<doc id="19975214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19975214" title="Newport Guildhall">
Newport Guildhall

Newport Guildhall is a large timber-framed Guildhall (assembly building) in Newport, Shropshire. It is one of the few timber-framed buildings that remain in the town after a disastrous fire in 1666.
Uses.
The site has been used for administration purposes since Anglo-Saxon times, when the area was known as the Bodlac or Place of Edicts. Later it was known as the Moot and then the Common Hall and it is now the home of the Newport town council. Space in the building has seen varied uses through the years, including inns, small shops, and including a current use as a wedding chamber (in the upper level).
Structure.
The building was originally two separate structures sitting side-by-side. A 1557 remodel added a ground-level causeway to connect the two structures.
The building timbers have been dated by dendrochronology to 1486 and are particularly fine. The wind braces are pierced and cusped and form quatrefoils.<br>
During renovations in 1911 the renovators discovered various Anglo-Saxon designs and artifacts.<br>
The Guildhall, 1 & 3 High Street, is a Grade II* listed building.<br>
The building is owned by Boughey Trust and leased to the Town Council for a peppercorn rent.<br> 
The restored building was officially opened by Algernon Heber-Percy Esq on 25 March 1995, following its restoration by the Newport Town Council and the English Heritage. Architects Arroll & Snell of Shropshire provided the restoration design; the work was performed by William Onions Construction Ltd.

</doc>
<doc id="19975224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19975224" title="Dominican International Film Festival">
Dominican International Film Festival

The Dominican International Film Festival (DIFF) is held annually in Puerto Plata, Dominican Republic. and was created by Vincent Partners in 2004.
The festival features independent Spanish language films. 

</doc>
<doc id="19975245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19975245" title="Lars Lystad">
Lars Lystad

Lars Lystad is a Norwegian ski-orienteering competitor and world champion. He won a gold medal in the "relay event" at the World Ski Orienteering Championships in Batak in 1986, together with Sigurd Dæhli, Audun Knutsen and Vidar Benjaminsen, and again in Val di Non in 1994, with Kjetil Ulven, Harald Svergja and Vidar Benjaminsen. He received a silver medal in the "long distance" in 1994.
He finished second in the overall World Cup in Ski Orienteering in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="19975278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19975278" title="Hugh Carr">
Hugh Carr

Hugh Carr is a former Irish nationalist politician.
Carr was elected to Newry and Mourne District Council in 1989, representing the Social Democratic and Labour Party in Crotlieve.
Carr was elected to the Northern Ireland Forum in 1996, representing South Down, but was not able to take the same seat at the Northern Ireland Assembly election, 1998.
Carr held his council seat at the 1993, 1997 and 2001 elections. In 2003, he was appointed as the Chair of the Newry District Policing Partnership. However, he resigned from the council in April, citing personal circumstances.

</doc>
<doc id="19975292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19975292" title="The Sable Quean">
The Sable Quean

The Sable Quean is the 21st novel in the Redwall series by Brian Jacques, and the last to be published before his death on February 5, 2011 (a twenty-second novel, "The Rogue Crew", was released in May 2011). It is illustrated by Sean Rubin. It was to be originally released in autumn 2009, but the release date was moved to January 2010, and then later delayed a second time to February 23, 2010. The mass market paperback edition was released on April 26, 2011.
Plot.
Young Buckler Kordyne, a hare of the Long Patrol army, has a discussion with his ruler Brang Forgefire, Badger Lord of the mountain Salamandastron. Buckler is bored with mountain life, so Brang suggests that he visits Redwall Abbey to deliver some new bellropes to the Abbess (Brang had accidentally broken the ropes last time he was there); while Buckler visits the Abbey, he can also visit his brother on his farm, which is nearby. Buckler agrees, taking along with him his gluttonous friend, Subaltern Diggs.
At Redwall Abbey, a music contest for the position of Bard of Redwall is being organized; however two Dibbuns (toddlers) disappear in the process. The duo, a mole and a squirrel, had wandered outside to the woodlands to picnic, but a waiting band of vermin "Ravagers" bound, gagged, and carried them off before anyone could notice their absence. One of the Ravagers, Globby, is overcome by the temptation of Redwall food and attempts to break inside the kitchens; however, he is captured by the otter Skipper Ruark, who punishes the miscreant by forcing him to clean up the mess he had made by his burglary. In the hue and cry raised when the two Dibbuns were discovered missing, Globby escapes the kitchens and flees to the attics, using a pilfered kitchen knife as a weapon. In the attempt to recapture and interrogate him, both he and the squirrel Brother Tollum are slain.
In Mossflower Woods, Buckler and Diggs hear two vermin from the Ravager horde trying to capture a young shrewmaid named Flib. Diggs knocks the vermin unconscious, and the two hares sit down to eat, ignoring the shrew because of her ingratitude. After she finally relents, and shares food with them, Buckler deals with the two vermin, tying them to each other and sending them off. Not heeding his advice, they return later with some of their Ravager buddies to spy on the group. Flib, Diggs, and Buckler join forces with a musical traveling group of hedgehogs, voles, and moles, who are also on their way to Redwall. When Flib and two of the younger hedgehogs sleep outside the performing company's raft, on the riverbank, they are captured by the Ravagers.
As it turns out, many young ones have been captured by the Ravagers, led by Zwilt the Shade and Vilaya, both evil sables. They are keeping the hostages in the remains of Brockhall (a place under an immense old tree), which they have renamed Althier, and are planning to use the captives to force Redwall to surrender to their demands. Several of the captive young ones, led by Flandor the otter, Tura the squirrel, and Flib's younger sister Midda, try without success to figure out a workable escape plan. Many of the young ones are in despair, and would rather concentrate on where their next meal is coming from than ways to get out.
Meeting up with the Guosim shrews led by Flib's father Jango Bigboat, Buckler, Diggs, and the performing company proceed to Redwall. Abbess Marjoram discusses the position with Buckler and several others, who agree to lead a force into Mossflower to search for the young ones. The first search attempt yields the Redwallers with one Ravager captive, and Buckler's badly wounded and almost delirious sister-in-law Clarinna. She informs Buckler that his brother Clerun was brutally slain by Zwilt the Shade, and that her two little children have been taken by the Ravagers. Before Buckler and his searchers can set out again, the Ravagers, led by Vilaya and Zwilt, show up in force at Redwall, and make their demands for surrender. Diggs attempts to use his vermin captive, Gripchun, as a hostage to turn the tables, but Zwilt merely has the unfortunate shot with arrows. The Ravagers then retreat, saying they will return, and that the Redwallers should prepare to surrender to them.
Meanwhile, in Vilaya and Zwilt's absence, Flib has roused the captive toddlers and young ones into digging an escape tunnel in secret. She and two very young, inexperienced moles help her dig, but their tunnel caves in, which collapses part of the prison chamber and traps the trio in the landslide. Fortunately for Flib and the two little moles, a warrior mole called Axtel happens across the remains of their tunnel and digs them out. After hearing Flib recount the position the other babes are in, Axtel leaves her a spear and instructs her to watch over the two molebabes, while he digs back into Althier to get the rest. Soon after he leaves, Flib encounters two fox Ravagers, but slays one with the spear and runs the other off with a whip. A kind watervole, Mumzy, who has been watching and knows there are other Ravagers about, moves the trio of young ones from Axtel's campsite to her concealed bankside home nearby.
By now, Vilaya has returned, and ordered the young ones to be moved to another prison cave on the other side of Althier; this one has rock walls instead of dirt, and cannot be dug out of easily. She attacks Midda, trying to get her to reveal information about the tunnel, but soon finds herself badly beaten by Flandor, who damages her eye with his rudder-like tail. In rage, the Sable Quean stabs the young otter with a poisoned blade she wears in a phial about her neck, slaying him. She then sends Zwilt and some Ravagers out to hunt for the escapees, and the prison guards, who have deserted.
Axtel, digging his way into Althier, barges into the new prison cave, managing to rescue the toddlers Tassy and Borti. The Ravagers, stopping the other babes from escaping, wound the warrior mole badly by stabbing him through the footpaw, but he manages to limp away with the two babes, blocking his escape route with a boulder so as not to be followed. Upon getting above ground again, Tassy tries to help heal Axtel's footpaw. The trio find Buckler and the search party from Redwall, who have set out again. They also meet up with Mumzy, who leads them to her home and the other three escaped young ones.
Back in Althier, an infant mouse quite accidentally discovers a hidden rift in the rock, which leads to a natural cave system behind the wall. Seizing the opportunity, the entire pack of young ones, now led by Midda and Tura, flee down the tunnel, blocking the rift with soil and rocks behind them. Vilaya soon discovers the absence of her prisoners; killing the stoat who was supposed to be on guard duty, she orders the Ravagers to unblock the rift and get after the young ones. Zwilt returns to Althier then, and demands to know what is going on. The ensuing argument causes a rift between the two sables, who split forces when they manage to enter the caves; Zwilt takes a group in one direction, while Vilaya takes hers in the other. Vilaya, now knowing she cannot trust Zwilt, sends her old rat confidante to spy on him. Zwilt, however, has other plans; he orders one of his biggest soldiers to strangle the helpless rat before she can report back to Vilaya. This action, once Vilaya hears of it, causes the two sables to become deadly enemies.
Buckler, meanwhile, has taken the entire Guosim shrew force and most of the able-bodied creatures from Redwall, planning to storm Althier, as they now know its location thanks to the warrior Axtel. Unfortunately, by the time they get there, both the young ones and the Ravagers have gotten far down the tunnels, leaving no sign as to where they have gone. The group searches Althier from end to end with no success; during the search, Diggs becomes separated from the rest and is soon lost in Althier without a torch.
Vilaya and her force catch up with Zwilt's above ground. Neither sable has succeeded in finding the runaways. The two sables battle, and Zwilt stabs Vilaya with his broadsword; she falls unconscious with the pain. Thinking Vilaya is dead, Zwilt prepares to cut off her head as a warning to other vermin, but one of the Ravager stoats (a female named Gliv) urges him not to, saying it would be a bad omen. As the other Ravagers march off to make war on Redwall, Gliv is left behind with instructions to bury Vilaya; however, knowing that the Sable Quean is still alive, she nurses her back to health, and instructs her to follow Zwilt and slay him. Vilaya cruelly repays her rescuer by slaying her with the poisoned dagger, deciding that she can better do the job alone.
The escapees by now have reached the surface; but their freedom is short-lived, as an insane hedgehog named Triggut Frap imprisons them on his pike-surrounded watermeadow island, intending to use them as slaves to build him a proper house. Fortunately for the captives, Diggs arrives, along with a huge young female badger named Ambrevina Rockflash that met up with him on the way. Ambrevina was a friend of the young otter Flandor, and is seeking his whereabouts. When Midda informs her of his murder by Vilaya, the badger swears to avenge him.
Leaving the young ones in Mumzy's care, Diggs and Ambrevina return to Redwall, as Buckler and the other group did upon hearing that Zwilt and the Ravagers were headed there. They join in the battle against the Ravagers' battering ram at the front gate, not knowing that Zwilt and four of his soldiers are attempting to force a secret entrance from the back. After the battering ram plot is foiled, a prolonged siege ensues. Diggs, relieved of guard duty, heads off to the kitchens to find a bite to eat. What he ends up finding is Zwilt, who has just managed to get in. Badly wounding the young hare, and causing Diggs to lose his ear and his memory in the process, the sable flees into Great Hall, but encounters Abbess Marjoram, Buckler's sister-in-law Clarinna, and several other Abbey females. Before he and his four soldiers can do any harm, Buckler appears on the scene. In the fantastic sword duel that ensues, Zwilt realizes he has finally met a beast who is more than his match. Taking a nearby baby hostage, he commands the young hare to surrender; offering to give his life for the babe, Buckler does. Having his soldiers pin the young hare to the stairs, Zwilt attempts to behead him. However, Clarinna comes up behind him and runs him through with the Sword of Martin, which had been hanging on the wall nearby. Abbess Marjoram tells Buckler when he offered to give his life for the babe he did something far braver than slaying Zwilt. The four soldiers flee, but do not escape, as a berserk Axtel takes care of them once and for all.
Meanwhile, outside the Abbey walls, Vilaya has resumed control of the Ravagers; the Redwallers, however, with the aid of Ambrevina and the Guosim, soundly rout the vermin, forcing the remainder into a scattered retreat. Vilaya flees, alone, but Ambrevina follows her, intent on avenging Flandor. Just as she catches up with Vilaya, the sable trips the badger with her cloak, hoping to throw her off. This proves to be her undoing, as Ambrevina falls right on top of the Sable Quean; the force causes the poison phial necklace to break, the shards piercing Vilaya and slaying her. Weeping for Flandor, Ambrevina returns to Redwall.
Diggs, who has completely forgotten who he is and now believes himself to be a colonel in the Long Patrol, wanders away from the Abbey, but returns in company with Mumzy and the freed captives. After having his memory restored by a friend's hitting him hard on the head, Diggs, in company with Buckler and Ambrevina, returns to Salamandastron. The two young hares then report to Lord Brang the adventurous outcome of their 'little visit' to Redwall.

</doc>
<doc id="19975304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19975304" title="Wrestling at the 1972 Summer Olympics – Men's freestyle 82 kg">
Wrestling at the 1972 Summer Olympics – Men's freestyle 82 kg

The Men's Freestyle 82 kg at the 1972 Summer Olympics as part of the wrestling program at the Fairgrounds, Judo and Wrestling Hall.
Tournament results.
The competition used a form of negative points tournament, with negative points given for any result short of a fall. Accumulation of 6 negative points eliminated the wrestler. When only two or three wrestlers remain, a special final round is used to determine the order of the medals.

</doc>
<doc id="19975307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19975307" title="Clean Water State Revolving Fund">
Clean Water State Revolving Fund

The Clean Water State Revolving Fund (CWSRF) is a self-perpetuating loan assistance authority for water quality improvement projects in the United States. The fund is administered by the Environmental Protection Agency and state agencies. The CWSRF, which replaced the Clean Water Act Construction Grants program, provides loans for the construction of municipal wastewater facilities and implementation of nonpoint source pollution control and estuary protection projects. Congress established the fund in the Water Quality Act of 1987. Since inception, cumulative assistance has surpassed US$65 Billion, and is continuing to grow through interest earnings, principal repayments, and leveraging.
Revolving structure.
All 50 states, plus Puerto Rico operate a CWSRF. The 51 CWSRF programs function like environmental infrastructure banks by distributing low interest rate loans for water quality projects. Loan repayments are recycled back into individual CWSRF programs. States can only use the funds to make loans, purchase local debt, or issue financial guarantees. They cannot make grants or otherwise dissipate the capital in their funds. Principal repayments plus interest earnings become available to finance new projects, allowing the funds to "revolve" over time. States can also increase their CWSRF financing capacity by issuing CWSRF backed revenue or general obligation bonds. To date, 27 states have leveraged their programs in this way, raising an additional $20.6 billion for important water quality projects.
The 51 funds are capitalized in part by federal and state contributions. For every dollar contributed by the federal government, states contribute 20 cents. Since the first federal capitalization grants in 1988, the total federal appropriation to the 51 CWSRF programs has reached over $25 billion, with corresponding state contributions of $5.3 billion. Financial leveraging techniques conducted by state funds have snowballed federal and state contributions into $65 billion as of 2007.
Program highlights.
Since the inaugural CWSRF project was funded in 1988, the 51 state-run CWSRF programs have provided $65 billion in assistance for water quality projects through 20,711 loans. In 2008, the programs reached a new high for single-year financing, providing nearly $5.8 billion in assistance to loan recipients of all sizes, including farmers, homeowners, small businesses, nonprofit organizations, and major municipalities. While wastewater treatment projects have comprised 96 percent of all CWSRF funding to date, over $2.6 billion has gone to nonpoint source and estuary projects (see Figure 2). The number of assistance agreements for nonpoint source projects has grown significantly over the years, from only two projects in 1990 to 1,305 in 2007. The low cost and flexibility of CWSRF financing has helped the programs serve communities of all sizes. In 2007, two-thirds of all loans went to communities with populations below 3,500. In addition, over $1.1 billion in assistance targeted communities with fewer than 10,000 people (see Figure 3).
The programs are projected to continue to grow over time, as interest earnings and repayments of loans increase (see Figure 4). Nationally, the CWSRF program provides a remarkable return on federal investment: over the last 20 years, the program has financed $2.31 in projects for every dollar the federal government has invested (see Figure 5).
The demand for CWSRF funds nationwide can be attributed to high needs, low interest rates, and flexible financing options. The rate of fund utilization has increased steadily since 1988, signaling increased demand for funds as well as efficient state operations. As of 2007, 97 percent of all available funds were committed to projects. To meet high levels of demand, 27 states have chosen to implement leveraging approaches by issuing revenue and general obligation bonds that are secured by CWSRF assets. Through leveraging, states have increased their capacity to finance important water quality projects.
The use of leveraging in the CWSRF.
27 CWSRF's leverage their funds to increase the amount of capital available for loan assistance. This means that these states augment their CWSRF capital by issuing municipal bonds. Typically, they loan the proceeds of the bonds while investing their capitalization funds (both state and federal). These investments serve two purposes. First, they are pledged to the bondholders as additional collateral, thus more than assuring a AAA bond rating. Second, the interest on the invested capital is used to pay subsidies to the CWSRF program's local utility borrowers.
CWSRF Benefits Reporting System.
The CWSRF Benefits Reporting System (CBR), launched in 2005 and adopted by all 51 state programs, produces a quantifiable record of the environmental and public health impact of CWSRF investments. Figures 6 and 8 present data reported in the CBR System to date. CBR allows users to record anticipated water quality improvements from every CWSRF loan directed towards water quality improvement. The 51 state programs have used CBR to track the environmental impact of 4,878 projects. The data link $15.8 billion in CWSRF loans to projects that protect and restore drinking water sources, recreational areas, and aquatic wildlife throughout the country. In 2007, CWSRF programs funded more than 964 projects designed to protect and restore water bodies, including 597 projects with direct human health benefits.
Statutory authority.
Clean Water Act sections 212, 319, and 320 provide the statutory authority for programs funded by the CWSRF. The CWSRF is authorized to provide financial assistance for the construction of publicly owned treatment works (sec. 212), the development and execution of state's comprehensive conservation management plans (sec. 319), and the development and execution of an estuary conservation and management plan (sec. 320).
Project eligibilities.
Eligible projects under CWA section 212 include the capital costs for the construction and maintenance of publicly owned treatment works (POTWs).
Eligible projects under CWA section 319 (nonpoint source projects) may include:
CWA section 320 (estuary management) allows the CWSRF to fund publicly and privately owned projects, as long as the project is part of the state's Comprehensive Conservation Management Plan (CCMP) and is sanctioned in the plan.
Projects must have a direct benefit to the water quality of an estuary. This includes:
In many cases, estuary level protection plans are combined with other elements of an overall project. Where the water quality portion of a project is clearly distinct from other portions of the project, only the water quality portion can be funded by the CWSRF.
Eligible use of funds.
The CWSRF employs a variety of loan assistance mechanisms.
Loans
Purchase of Debt or Refinance
Guarantees and Insurances
Guarantee SRF Revenue Debt
Provide Loan Guarantees 
Return on federal dollar.
Over the past two decades, the CWSRF has financed $2.31 in infrastructure projects for every $1 invested by the federal government, providing a remarkable return on federal investment (See Figure 5).
EPA has projected that over a twenty-year time horizon, the initial federal investment into the CWSRF can result in the construction of up to three to four times as many projects compared to programs that utilize a one-time federal grant, depending on the allocation of resources to the program.
Due to the income stream into the program from state match, loan repayments, interest earnings, investment earning, and bond proceeds from leveraging, the return on every federal dollar investment to the CWSRF is currently $2.31.
Addressing climate change.
Climate change threatens both water quality and water quantity. The CWSRF can assist water utilities and municipalities mitigate the effects of climate change as they relate to water quality by capitalizing costs related to planning and implementing new technologies. Eligible criteria include the following.
Energy conservation.
Wastewater and stormwater treatment facilities consume energy to collect and distribute treated water. The CWSRF can fund capital costs needed to power these publicly owned treatment works (POTWs) and strongly encourages the implementation of energy efficient technology.
Green infrastructure.
The CWSRF can fund the "capital costs" of green infrastructure projects with direct water quality benefits. Capital costs include traditional infrastructure expenditures (such as pipes, pumps and treatment plants), as well as unconventional infrastructure costs (like land conservation, tree plantings, equipment purchases, planning and design, environmental cleanups and even the development and initial delivery of environmental education programs). One of the few things the CWSRF cannot fund is the operation and maintenance costs of a project.
An increasing effort to promote innovation and the use of green infrastructure has been seen in recent proposed legislation related to increasing authorized appropriations for the CWSRF. The Water Quality Protection and Job Creation Act of 2011 (H.R. 3145) would have required states to use “no less than 20 percent” of the amount of grants made in a fiscal year for sewer overflow to “carry out projects to control municipal combined sewer overflows and sanitary sewer overflows through the use of green infrastructure, water and energy efficiency improvements, and other environmentally innovative activities."
Similarly, the Water Infrastructure Financing Act (S. 1005) stipulates that after enactment, an “Innovative Technology and Alternative Approaches Grant Program” should be established to provide grants to, and enter into contracts and cooperative agreements with higher education institutions, National Laboratories, and other appropriate entities for research and development of “innovative and alternative technologies to improve water quality, drinking water supply, or water use efficiency and conservation."
Types of projects that may be selected for funding under S.1005 would include those that "inter alia" increase the effectiveness and efficiency of water and wastewater infrastructure through the use of integrated water resource management; and increase the effectiveness and efficiency of public water systems, including water source protection, water use reduction, water collection, storage, and treatment and reuse of rainwater, stormwater, and graywater.
Carbon sequestration.
The CWSRF can finance carbon sequestration through a variety of methods, including urban heat-island reduction, energy saving achievement, and habitat preservation. Aquatic environments, green spaces, and geologic carbon storage are efficient carbon sinks that can be utilized with CWSRF loans.
Water conservation and reuse.
Eligible water conservation and reuse projects include:
Public-private partnerships.
Public-private partnerships, or "P3s," are one investment technique by which municipalities can finance the upgrade, expansion, repair, or implementation of new technology for wastewater infrastructure. The CWSRF, because of its unique financing authorities, is authorized to oversee (in concert with the EPA Assistant Administrator for Water), provide technical assistance, and guidance for municipalities that choose to investigate P3s for the provision of their wastewater services.
A P3, as defined by the Environmental Financial Advisory Board, is a contractual, institutional, or other relationship between government and a private sector entity that results in sharing of duties, risks, and rewards of providing a service in which the government has an interest, recognizing that the government retains ultimate responsibility for insuring that social needs and objectives are met.
P3s are sought by states and local governments as a way to reduce the financial burden of water pollution and infrastructure needs. It has been estimated that, of the costly capital improvements, upgrades, expansions, and new compliance requirements imposed on water and wastewater utilities, local governments bear 95% of the costs. Among local government expenditures, only education is higher.
External links.
51 CWSRF programs:

</doc>
<doc id="19975311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19975311" title="End-Year Chart 2007 (Romania)">
End-Year Chart 2007 (Romania)

This is a list of Romanian Top 100's 2007 year-end chart.

</doc>
<doc id="19975324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19975324" title="Commission on Private Philanthropy and Public Needs">
Commission on Private Philanthropy and Public Needs

The Commission on Private Philanthropy and Public Needs, better known as the Filer Commission, was formed in 1973 to study philanthropy, the role of the private sector in American society, and then to recommend measures to increase voluntary giving. Organized as a privately supported citizen's board, the Commission came into being through the efforts of John D. Rockefeller III, Wilbur D. Mills, George P. Shultz, and William E. Simon. The selection of participants on the Commission reflected a desire for diversity of experience and opinions and included heads of religious and labor groups, former cabinet secretaries, corporate and fd Foreign Securities Corporation and President of Metropolitan Museum of Art. 
Findings.
The Commission sought to gain knowledge about philanthropy and the motivations for giving in a variety of ways. An advisory panel of more than 100 specialists in the disciplines of economics, sociology, and law, together with advocates from the non-profit sector, directed the Commission's research focus. In the span of two years, the Commission directed more than 86 research projects concerning philanthropy and the role of the private nonprofit sector in the United States. These studies were crucial to the discussion and debate which took place during the Commission meetings that would later lead to the formation of policy recommendations. Conducted in specific areas such as arts and culture, health, education, taxation and regulation, foreign practices, and foundations in general, the studies provided the background information necessary to make sound decisions about the role of philanthropy in both the public and private sectors. The Commission dealt with the difficult political, social, and economic issues confronting the sector during the early 1970s, particularly its fiscal problems and the growing political opposition to charitable tax deductions. 
After two years of holding meeting sessions and conducting research projects, the Commission issued its findings in its final report, Giving in America: Toward a Stronger Voluntary Sector, and closed its work in 1975. The Commission focused public attention on the sector and spurred academic inquiry into the field of philanthropy, charting the course of research for the following two decades. Its work was the first major investigation of the third sector and the most comprehensive examination of philanthropy to date. From its recommendations, the Independent Sector coalition was formed and emerged as one of the nation's most powerful advocates of non-profit organizations. After the publication of the final report, the Commission had completed its task. The Commission officially disbanded after the report's publication in 1975.
The findings of the Commission were:
The Commission offered several recommendations to the public, foundations, and the government. It recommended:
The above Findings and Recommendations were taken from the Commission on Private Philanthropy and Public Needs, 1964-1980, Ruth Lilly Special Collections and Archives, IUPUI University Library, Indiana University Purdue University Indianapolis.

</doc>
<doc id="19975338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19975338" title="List of New York City Ballet American Music Festival ballets">
List of New York City Ballet American Music Festival ballets

This is a list of ballets performed at New York City Ballet's 1988 "American Music Festival."

</doc>
<doc id="19975339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19975339" title="Harald Svergja">
Harald Svergja

Harald Svergja (born 1964) is a Norwegian ski-orienteering competitor and world champion. He won a gold medal in the "relay event" at the World Ski Orienteering Championships in Val di Non in 1994, together with Kjetil Ulven, Lars Lystad and Vidar Benjaminsen. 
He finished third in the overall World Cup in Ski Orienteering in 1993.
He lives in Kvikne.

</doc>
<doc id="19975340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19975340" title="Rotating spheres">
Rotating spheres

Isaac Newton's rotating spheres argument attempts to demonstrate that true rotational motion can be defined by observing the tension in the string joining two identical spheres. The basis of the argument is that all observers make two observations: the tension in the string joining the bodies (which is the same for all observers) and the rate of rotation of the spheres (which is different for observers with differing rates of rotation). Only for the truly non-rotating observer will the tension in the string be explained using only the observed rate of rotation. For all other observers a "correction" is required (a centrifugal force) that accounts for the tension calculated being different than the one expected using the observed rate of rotation. It is one of five arguments from the "properties, causes, and effects" of true motion and rest that support his contention that, in general, true motion and rest cannot be defined as special instances of motion or rest relative to other bodies, but instead can be defined only by reference to absolute space. Alternatively, these experiments provide an operational definition of what is meant by "absolute rotation", and do not pretend to address the question of "rotation relative to "what"?".
Background.
Newton was concerned to address the problem of how it is that we can experimentally determine the true motions of bodies in light of the fact that absolute space is not something that can be perceived. Such determination, he says, can be accomplished by observing the causes of motion (that is, "forces") and not simply the apparent motions of bodies relative to one another (as in the bucket argument). As an example where causes can be observed, if two globes, floating in space, are connected by a cord, measuring the amount of tension in the cord, with no other clues to assess the situation, alone suffices to indicate how fast the two objects are revolving around the common center of mass. (This experiment involves observation of a force, the tension). Also, the sense of the rotation —whether it is in the clockwise or the counter-clockwise direction— can be discovered by applying forces to opposite faces of the globes and ascertaining whether this leads to an increase or a decrease in the tension of the cord (again involving a force). Alternatively, the sense of the rotation can be determined by measuring the apparent motion of the globes with respect to a background system of bodies that, according to the preceding methods, have been established already as not in a state of rotation, as an example from Newton's time, the fixed stars. 
In the 1846 Andrew Motte translation of Newton's words:
To summarize this proposal, here is a quote from Born:
Mach took some issue with the argument, pointing out that the rotating sphere experiment could never be done in an "empty" universe, where possibly Newton's laws do not apply, so the experiment really only shows what happens when the spheres rotate in "our" universe, and therefore, for example, may indicate only rotation relative to the entire mass of the universe.
An interpretation that avoids this conflict is to say that the rotating spheres experiment does not really define rotation "relative" to anything in particular (for example, absolute space or fixed stars); rather the experiment is an operational definition of what is meant by the motion called "absolute rotation".
Formulation of the argument.
This sphere example was used by Newton himself to discuss the detection of rotation relative to absolute space. Checking the fictitious force needed to account for the tension in the string is one way for an observer to decide whether or not they are rotating – if the fictitious force is zero, they are not rotating. (Of course, in an extreme case like the gravitron amusement ride, you do not need much convincing that you are rotating, but standing on the Earth's surface, the matter is more subtle.) Below, the mathematical details behind this observation are presented.
Figure 1 shows two identical spheres rotating about the center of the string joining them. The axis of rotation is shown as a vector Ω with direction given by the right-hand rule and magnitude equal to the rate of rotation: |Ω| = ω. The angular rate of rotation ω is assumed independent of time (uniform circular motion). Because of the rotation, the string is under tension. (See reactive centrifugal force.) The description of this system next is presented from the viewpoint of an inertial frame and from a rotating frame of reference.
Inertial frame.
Adopt an inertial frame centered at the midpoint of the string. The balls move in a circle about the origin of our coordinate system. Look first at one of the two balls. To travel in a circular path, which is "not" uniform motion with constant velocity, but "circular" motion at constant speed, requires a force to act on the ball so as to continuously change the direction of its velocity. This force is directed inward, along the direction of the string, and is called a centripetal force. The other ball has the same requirement, but being on the opposite end of the string, requires a centripetal force of the same size, but opposite in direction. See Figure 2. These two forces are provided by the string, putting the string under tension, also shown in Figure 2.
Rotating frame.
Adopt a rotating frame at the midpoint of the string. Suppose the frame rotates at the same angular rate as the balls, so the balls appear stationary in this rotating frame. Because the balls are not moving, observers say they are at rest. If they now apply Newton's law of inertia, they would say no force acts on the balls, so the string should be relaxed. However, they clearly see the string is under tension. (For example, they could split the string and put a spring in its center, which would stretch.) To account for this tension, they propose that in their frame a centrifugal force acts on the two balls, pulling them apart. This force originates from nowhere – it is just a "fact of life" in this rotating world, and acts on everything they observe, not just these spheres. In resisting this ubiquitous centrifugal force, the string is placed under tension, accounting for their observation, despite the fact that the spheres are at rest.
Coriolis force.
What if the spheres are "not" rotating in the inertial frame (string tension is zero)? Then string tension in the rotating frame also is zero. But how can that be? The spheres in the rotating frame now appear to be rotating, and should require an inward force to do that. According to the analysis of uniform circular motion:
where uR is a unit vector pointing from the axis of rotation to one of the spheres, and Ω is a vector representing the angular rotation, with magnitude ω and direction normal to the plane of rotation given by the right-hand rule, "m" is the mass of the ball, and "R" is the distance from the axis of rotation to the spheres (the magnitude of the displacement vector, |xB| = "R", locating one or the other of the spheres). According to the rotating observer, shouldn't the tension in the string be twice as big as before (the tension from the centrifugal force "plus" the extra tension needed to provide the centripetal force of rotation)? The reason the rotating observer sees zero tension is because of yet another fictitious force in the rotating world, the Coriolis force, which depends on the velocity of a moving object. In this zero-tension case, according to the rotating observer the spheres now are moving, and the Coriolis force (which depends upon velocity) is activated. According to the article fictitious force, the Coriolis force is:
where "R" is the distance to the object from the center of rotation, and vB is the velocity of the object subject to the Coriolis force, |vB| = ω"R".
In the geometry of this example, this Coriolis force has twice the magnitude of the ubiquitous centrifugal force and is exactly opposite in direction. Therefore, it cancels out the ubiquitous centrifugal force found in the first example, and goes a step further to provide exactly the centripetal force demanded by uniform circular motion, so the rotating observer calculates there is no need for tension in the string − the Coriolis force looks after everything.
General case.
What happens if the spheres rotate at one angular rate, say ωI ("I" = inertial), and the frame rotates at a different rate ωR ("R" = rotational)? The inertial observers see circular motion and the tension in the string exerts a centripetal inward force on the spheres of:
This force also is the force due to tension seen by the rotating observers. The rotating observers see the spheres in circular motion with angular rate ωS = ωI − ωR ("S" = spheres). That is, if the frame rotates more slowly than the spheres, ωS > 0 and the spheres advance counterclockwise around a circle, while for a more rapidly moving frame, ωS < 0, and the spheres appear to retreat clockwise around a circle. In either case, the rotating observers see circular motion and require a net inward centripetal force:
However, this force is not the tension in the string. So the rotational observers conclude that a force exists (which the inertial observers call a fictitious force) so that:
or,
The fictitious force changes sign depending upon which of ωI and ωS is greater. The reason for the sign change is that when ωI > ωS, the spheres actually are moving faster than the rotating observers measure, so they measure a tension in the string that actually is larger than they expect; hence, the fictitious force must increase the tension (point outward). When ωI < ωS, things are reversed so the fictitious force has to decrease the tension, and therefore has the opposite sign (points inward).
Is the fictitious force "ad hoc"?
The introduction of FFict allows the rotational observers and the inertial observers to agree on the tension in the string. However, we might ask: "Does this solution fit in with general experience with other situations, or is it simply a "cooked up" "ad hoc" solution?" That question is answered by seeing how this value for FFict squares with the general result (derived in Fictitious force):
The subscript "B" refers to quantities referred to the non-inertial coordinate system. Full notational details are in Fictitious force. For constant angular rate of rotation the last term is zero. To evaluate the other terms we need the position of one of the spheres:
and the velocity of this sphere as seen in the rotating frame:
where uθ is a unit vector perpendicular to uR pointing in the direction of motion.
The frame rotates at a rate ωR, so the vector of rotation is Ω = ωR uz (uz a unit vector in the "z"-direction), and Ω × uR = ωR (uz × uR) = ωR uθ ; Ω × uθ = −ωR uR. The centrifugal force is then:
which naturally depends only on the rate of rotation of the frame and is always outward. The Coriolis force is
and has the ability to change sign, being outward when the spheres move faster than the frame ( ωS > 0 ) and being inward when the spheres move slower than the frame ( ωS < 0 ). Combining the terms:
Consequently, the fictitious force found above for this problem of rotating spheres is consistent with the general result and is not an "ad hoc" solution just "cooked up" to bring about agreement for this single example. Moreover, it is the Coriolis force that makes it possible for the fictitious force to change sign depending upon which of ωI, ωS is the greater, inasmuch as the centrifugal force contribution always is outward.
Rotation and cosmic background radiation.
The isotropy of the cosmic background radiation is another indicator that the universe does not rotate.

</doc>
<doc id="19975351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19975351" title="Otterå">
Otterå

Otterå is a farm in Austevoll, Hordaland in Western Norway.
Location.
The farm is located on the east side of Huftarøy in Austevoll municipality in Midthordland. The farm is located by the sea and overlooking against Tysnes. The farm is located between the neighboring farms "Såtendal" and "Brekke". Outside the eastern use is a headland known as Oteraaneset. Address is 5396 West Vinnesvåg, and Riksvei 546 is almost beyond the farm. The farm best of western and eastern use that today are considered as two different farms with the same name. In the area there are today many cabins.
History.
Eastern farm.
The farm has been in use since around 1600. The name (Otterå, Otteraano, Oteråni and similar spellings) refers to river that runs through the valley, and where it has been otter in earlier time. The three farms in the far north of Fitjar (until the municipal boundaries were changed in 1964) - Husavik, Brekke and Otterå, had naturally close contact, they were neighbours and friends.
The first time the farm is mentioned is in 1590, however that was when it was deserted. In 1610 it is cleared, but in use by "ødegaardsmænd", so there was enough barren conditions. Self-owned users have been ongoing since 1799, when Lars Knutsson became the owner and user. He had married Ildrid Jonsdotter Haukanes who had inherited the farm by his father. Before 1766 it was a part of greater estates in Sunnhordland, self-owned in shorter periods. In the first part of the 17th century, the noble man Aksel Mowatt owned Otterå, and from 1660, Baron Louis Rosenkrantz was the owner. In the first part of the 18th century, the big farmers in Fitjar are owners, before Ivar Nilsson Haukanes bought the farm in 1766.

</doc>
<doc id="19975361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19975361" title="Palestine national football team results">
Palestine national football team results

The following are the Palestine national football team results in its official international matches.

</doc>
<doc id="19975401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19975401" title="Big Shot's Funeral">
Big Shot's Funeral

"Big Shot's Funeral" (, Mandarin colloquialism for "big shot") is a 2001 Chinese comedy film directed by Feng Xiaogang.
The film stars Ge You, Rosamund Kwan and Donald Sutherland.
Plot.
World renowned American film director Rob Tyler (played by Donald Sutherland) is shooting a remake of "The Last Emperor" in Beijing, the Forbidden City. The director's assistant Lucy, a Chinese American (Rosamund Kwan), hires a Beijing cameraman named YoYo (Ge You) to shoot a "making of" documentary about Tyler's remake. The director soon discovers he has ailing health and is booted by the film's producer from the shoot. After witnessing a Chinese funeral for the elderly, Tyler tells YoYo he wants to have a similar "comedy funeral". Soon afterwards the American director falls into a coma. YoYo is officially allowed to plan Tyler's funeral and he soon enlists the help of a businessman friend to attract as many sponsors as the funeral process would allow.

</doc>
<doc id="19975428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19975428" title="Brasileirinho (song)">
Brasileirinho (song)

Brasileirinho ("Little Brazilian") is a 1947 choro composed by Waldir Azevedo. It is considered one of the most successful and influential choros of all time, and it has been covered by many artists, like singer Carmen Miranda, acoustic guitarist João Pernambuco and guitarist Pepeu Gomes. It was voted by the Brazilian edition of "Rolling Stone" as the 53rd greatest Brazilian song. The 2005 documentary "Brasileirinho" is named after it.

</doc>
<doc id="19975438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19975438" title="Sarah Maple">
Sarah Maple

Sarah Maple is a British visual artist.
Biography.
Maple was born in 1985 to an Iranian Muslim mother and English Christian raised father. She studied Fine Art at Kingston University.
In 2007 she won the "4 New Sensations" competition, run by Channel 4 in conjunction with the Saatchi Gallery. The competition's aim is "to find the most exciting and imaginative artistic talent in the UK" from among art students graduating that year.
Much of Maple's inspiration originates from being brought up as a Muslim, with parents of mixed religious and cultural backgrounds. Blurring the lines between popular culture and religious devotion in an unfailingly mischievous manner, Sarah's aesthetic narrative urges the viewer to challenge traditional notions of religion, identity and the societal role of women.
Maple's work often takes on fabricated scenes and situations. She is affected by the art world, as well as from her general surroundings; including friends, family, television and popular culture. She is also greatly moved by music, comedy and literature. She believes these influences are truly woven into her art and provide the platform upon which her work is realised.
Maple states that the aim of her work is 'to give my audience food for thought. I believe comedy is a great tool to achieve this, which is why I choose to portray my conceptual ideas through a light-hearted and tongue-in-cheek approach'. 
In January 2012, with Art Below Sarah presented her work at the 'Art of Angel' at Candid Arts Trust, alongside an installation of artwork on the London Underground at Angel Tube station. This was timed to coincide with the London Art Fair, an annual event in the London arts calendar.
Recent exhibitions have been held in Munich, Amsterdam, Istanbul, Milan, London and Paris. "It's a Girl" was held at London's Aubin Gallery in February 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19975449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19975449" title="George F. Comstock">
George F. Comstock

George Franklin Comstock (August 24, 1811 in Williamstown, then Oneida, now Oswego County, New York - September 27, 1892 in Syracuse, Onondaga County, New York) was an American lawyer and politician. He was Chief Judge of the New York Court of Appeals from 1860 to 1861.
Life.
He graduated from Union College in 1834. Then he studied law and was admitted to the bar in 1837. 
He was Solicitor of the U.S. Treasury from 1852 to 1853, during the administration of President Millard Fillmore.
He was a judge of the New York Court of Appeals from 1856 to 1861, elected on the American Party ticket to fill the remainder of the unexpired term of Charles H. Ruggles who had resigned in October 1855. In 1856, Union College conferred the honorary degree of LL.D. on him. He was Chief Judge from 1860 to 1861. He published the first four volumes of the law reports of the Court of Appeals. In 1861, he ran for re-election on the Democratic ticket, but was defeated by the Union candidate William B. Wright.

</doc>
<doc id="19975467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19975467" title="Trident in popular culture">
Trident in popular culture

Tridents have occurred many times in popular culture.
In media.
Comics.
In DC Comics:

</doc>
<doc id="19975481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19975481" title="Leninist Group in the Iraqi Communist Movement">
Leninist Group in the Iraqi Communist Movement

Leninist Group in the Iraqi Communist Movement () was a grouping of Iraqi communist exiles, dissidents from the Iraqi Communist Party. The main leaders of the group were two university professors at the University of Algiers, Khalid Abdullah as-Salam and Khalil al-Jazairi. Towards the late 1980s, the group began issuing a broadsheet publication, "Nashrah".
The group signed an appeal of leftist and democratic exiles in the Baathist newspaper "at-Thawra" in December 1991. In the wake of the 1991 war, the Iraqi government issued a pardon for Iraqi exiles. As-Salam and al-Jazairi both returned to Iraq.

</doc>
<doc id="19975489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19975489" title="Danilo Guades">
Danilo Guades

Danilo "Danny" Guades was a Filipino spree killer who hacked to death 10 people with a bolo and injured 17 more on a drunk rampage through his neighbourhood in the barangay Gadgaran of Calbayog City on June 2, 2007.
Life.
Danny Guades was jailed for seven years at the (Abuyao) Caloocan City Jail for stabbing his elder brother Toto to death some time in the 1980s. He had been married, but his wife died in December 2006. After her death, he began to stay at his cousin's house. He had a child, who was in fourth grade at the time of the murders. Throughout the village, Guades was known as a mentally unstable troublemaker who was often drunk, sometimes staying awake for two days, before running to the mangroves to sleep there on the ground for the following two days. Apparently, Guades had also told others that he was being followed by someone.
Murders.
Guades began his rampage at the home of his cousin Emily Guades Ponce. Entering her house at about 2 a.m., he attacked her husband Benjamin with a 22-inch long bolo knife, hitting him in the left shoulder, before turning against her sleeping children, killing her son Eric with a blow to the head and injuring her other son Benjie and her daughter Marylin with hits to the head and arms. Emily Guades Ponce, though also suffering head injuries, managed to jump out of a window and escape.
Subsequently, Guades attacked the Jadulco family, who was living nearby, killing pregnant Gemma Jadulco and five of her children and leaving two others injured, before walking to the Conteras' home. There, he killed Candido Conteras, injured his wife Maria, daughter Jennelyn, and mortally wounded their son Danilo. In the backyard of the house, Guades attacked Carlito Layam, who suffered minor injuries to his right arm, but managed to fight off the attacker.
Afterwards, Guades entered the house of Enis Lecis through the window and hit the sleeping Eduardo and Enis Lecis in the head, killing Eduardo and wounding Enis. At a wake for a member of the Ramada family, where Guades had spent some time drinking earlier, he cut Francisco Ramada's throat, hit Ernesto Ramada's neck, and stabbed Armando Ramada in the left side of his body. Michael Caber and Myra Manlapid were also injured before people attending the wake managed to fight Guades off. Guades fled to a road junction, where he attacked his final victims, Eddie and Jocelyn Gonzaga, who were on a motorcycle. Guades assaulted them with the bolo and a club, hitting Eddie Gonzaga in the arm, jaw, and forehead, and his wife in her left elbow, before the driver of the motorcycle was able to escape.
Guades finally surrendered himself to Fortunato Burbana, a villager, at about 3 a.m. He stated that he surrendered, fearing police might chase and kill him. Burbana then turned him over to police, ending Guades' hour-long rampage. At the police station, Guades denied killing anyone but his brother years prior to the rampage. He was charged with multiple murder.
Motive.
It was said that Guades apparently had a quarrel with Gemma Jadulco's husband, Totoy, before the rampage, when both were attending the wake. Police later disclosed that Guades told them he committed the crime to strengthen his amulet, a piece of paper with Latin words on it.

</doc>
<doc id="19975497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19975497" title="Mylara Lingeshwara Temple at Mylara">
Mylara Lingeshwara Temple at Mylara

Mylara Lingeshwara Temple at Mylara (ಮೈಲಾರ ಲಿಂಗೇಶ್ವರ ದೇವಸ್ಥಾನ, ಮೈಲಾರ) is in the extreme south-western corner of Hoovina Hadagali taluk, Bellary District, North Karnataka, India. It is 2 km from Tungabhadra river and 40 km from Hadagali and 34 km from Ranebennur. Mylara Lingeshwara is one of the forms of Shiva. The temple is dedicated to Shiva worshiped by Kuruba Gowdas in his form as Mailari.
According to legend.
Mallasura (demon) and his brother performed a severe penance extracted from Brahma and, with a promise that they should never be harmed by any human being, began to harass the sages or rishis. The sages appealed Shiva to protect them; Shiva took on a new form and, taking with him his forces of seven crores goravas, warred with Mallasura and his brother Manikasura for 10 days> He then slew them both with his bow. During the battle, Mylara (Shiva) lost his powers and had to run from the battlefield. After a marathon run, Mailari hid himself in the Tungabhadra river. Then Lord Veerabhadra, Shiva's aide, struck the earth with his long hair and five brave warriors (Panchaveeras) (i.e., Kanchaveeras) emerged from the spot. The Kanchaveeras confronted Mallasura and Manikasura and handed them over to Mailara. After killing Mallasura and Manikasura, Mailara (Shiva) wore their intestines as his turban, their teeth as a cowrie necklace, their mouths as a damaruga (hand drum), skulls as a doni (meal bowl) and their skins as a long coat. The fat of the demons was used as oil and their nerves athe lamp wick.
Karnika Utsava (prophecy).
Rituals during the Mailara Jatre (fair) include the Karanika Utsava (bow-climbing and prophecy-uttering ritual) and Pavada (body piercing ritual). Karanika Utsava is performed by the Karanika Gorava, who fasts for 12 days, after which he climbs a 12-meter bow and utters a euphoric prophecy regarding regional agriculture, animal husbandry, and politics.
Karnikotsava Gorava's utterance "tumbida koda mooru bhaga aadeethale parakh!" means "A full pot may get split into three parts". Karnikotsava means the prophecy; it is like a puzzle. Some guess it to be an indication of political situation in the state and some guess about rain and crop that means it is an indication of some threat to the agriculture so, the prophecy warns the farmers to be very careful. It is believed that the saying would indicate the future of the coming year.
On Karnikotsava day, the devotees converge to the temple chanting "elukoti elukoti elukotigo... changmalo changmalo". "Elukoti" means seven crores commemorating the seven crore Goravas who accompanied Mailari. By afternoon, a huge wooden bow, symbolic of that with which Shiva slew Mallasura, is brought and placed in the middle of a vast area called Denkana maradi. The gorava carries the bow from his tent and climbs up it, stares from the top in the four directions, and then begins trembling as a sign of divine inspiration, and the pilgrims wait for his prophecy. Gorava gazes skywards, before pronouncing the annual divination. Soon after this he drops down himself from the bow, and the devotees waiting around carefully catch him. The prophecy is believed to be divine truth by the devotees.please call any more in mylara , swamy Sir Guru Kapilmuni guruji Ph: 09901194451
27 February 2013- Karnika(prophecy) -ಮಳೆ ಬೆಳೆ ತಮಪಾದಿತಲೇ ಪರಾಕ್-malebele Sampaaditale paraak.
16 February 2014- Karnika(prophecy) -tumbida koda muru tunda aaditale paraak.
Management.
Management of the Mylar temple is done by The Wodeyar family. Earlier it was Jayachandra Wodeyar who managed the temple; now it is Sri Sri Sri Venkappayya Wodeyar on inheritance and Wodeyar family belongs to the Kshatriya cult. These people are called Guru or Swamy. They are responsible for continuing the pooja, traditions which were carried from past generation. Their temple priest is virupaksh bhat and his son pramod bhat ,they are doing the dailly pooja and abhisheka and all other poojas
Goravara kunita.
The gorava dance (goravara kunita), a dance of the Shiva cult, is popular in areas of North Karnataka. The goravas worship Mylara linga (Shiva), wear the costume of a black woolen rug, on shoulder hanging bag made out of skin. Some of them wear a black coat and white dhoti. In traditional contexts, the gorava devotees who dance in trance sometimes bark like dogs. It is believed that the totem of the Mylaralinga is a dog. The dancers' feet move in clockwise and zigzag forms. Gorava wears yellow powder on his forehead and gives it to his believed devotees. Artists holds instruments, like damaru (percussion), or sometime holds kolalu (flute), and a few artists wear a small bronze bell on their shoulders. A few followers hold cowbells called paarigante.
This year's karnika by swami is that "Thumibda Koda Mooru Baghavaditelye Parak" means of that a full water vessel is broken into three parts. For spiritual meaning that this year's crop, politics and family or ambitions of human beings, which effects be careful. On 20 February 2011 Mylar Jatre happened. There were more than 7-8 lakhs devotees participating. The jatra was held from 10 February 2011 to 21 February 2011. Ratha saptami on 20 February 2011, karnikostava on 21 February 2011, sarapali pavaada this year katnika was AMBALI DUNDAGADEETALE PARAAK.
From 27 jan 2012 to 7 feb 2012 jatra will cominced during this time gorappa the holy man represent god fasting 11 days in karnika maradi( karnika hill locate 1/23 km from temple ) on last day Karnikostavaday he him self breaking fast and sentence Karnika. 
plz come attend see the holy festival of karnataka a largest jarta.

</doc>
<doc id="19975512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19975512" title="Consortium for School Networking">
Consortium for School Networking

The Consortium for School Networking, or CoSN, is a member-based association and advocacy group based in Washington, DC, USA, which promotes partnerships and awareness of emerging technologies amongst technology decision-makers in K-12 education.
History.
CoSN was formed in 1992. CoSN was part of a coalition which advocated for the 1997 enactment of E-Rate, a program administered by the Universal Service Administrative Company which provides discounts to assist most schools and libraries in the United States (and U.S. territories) to obtain affordable telecommunications and Internet access, and CoSN has since continued its advocacy for the program. CoSN also played a leading role in advocating for sound technology policies within the 2001 reauthorization of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act (ESEA).
External links.
CoSN website
Universal Service Administrative Company

</doc>
<doc id="19975520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19975520" title="Delmar Watson">
Delmar Watson

David Delmar Watson (July 1, 1926 – October 26, 2008) was an American child actor and news photographer.
Biography.
He was the son of actor, stuntman, and pioneer special effects artist Coy Watson Sr. They lived by Mack Sennett's studios in the old Edendale area (now Echo Park) of Los Angeles, California and Delmar attended Belmont High School.
Delmar acted in "Mr. Smith Goes to Washington" alongside Jimmy Stewart and in "Heidi" with Shirley Temple. He and his brothers played the governor's sons in "Mr. Smith Goes to Washington".
He had five brothers and three sisters who also acted in films, including Billy, Coy Jr., Garry, Harry, Bobs, and Louise Watson Roberts. The family was honored by the Hollywood Chamber of Commerce by placing the Watson family ("the First Family of Hollywood") star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame, at 6674 Hollywood Boulevard in Hollywood.
Delmar edited and published five books: ""Quick, Watson, The Camera"', 1976; "Los Angeles The Olympic City, 1932-1984", 1984; "The 10th Olympiad - Japan", 1984; "Goin' Hollywood 1887-1987", 1988; "Delmar Watson's "Babe", The One and Only", 1992.
Watson died in his Glendale, California home from prostate cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="19975534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19975534" title="Beecher Community School District">
Beecher Community School District

Beecher Community School District is a public school district in Genesee County in the U.S. state of Michigan and in the Genesee Intermediate School District. It serves the census-designated place of Beecher which is just north of Flint.
Notable events.
The district gained national attention on February 29, 2000 when 6 year old Kayla Rolland was shot and killed by classmate Derrick Owens at Buell Elementary School.
Athletics.
Beecher's mascot is the Beecher Buccaneer.

</doc>
<doc id="19975539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19975539" title="Kjetil Ulven">
Kjetil Ulven

Kjetil Ulven (born 1967) is a Norwegian ski-orienteering competitor and world champion. He won a gold medal in the "relay event" at the World Ski Orienteering Championships in Val di Non in 1994, together with Lars Lystad, Harald Svergja and Vidar Benjaminsen. He received a bronze medal in the "short distance" in Windischgarsten in 1998, and a bronze medal in the "middle distance" in Borovetz in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="19975545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19975545" title="Grex (horticulture)">
Grex (horticulture)

The term grex (pl. greges), derived from the Latin noun "grex, gregis" meaning "flock", has been coined to expand botanical nomenclature to describe horticultural hybrids of orchids, based solely on their specified parentage. It is a type of the "Group" category, which is used to describe cultivated plants in practical ways that are not necessarily related to their biological classification.
A grex may be:
Linnean treatment of natural hybrids: the nothospecies.
Naturally occurring interspecific hybrids, or nothospecies, are given Linnean binomials with the multiplication sign "×" between the generic epithet and the nothospecific epithet. An offspring of the nothospecies, either with the nothospecies or either of the parental species as the other parent, has the same nothospecific name. That is, the nothospecific binomial is an alias for a list of the ancestral species. The × symbol is not italicised.
For example, a naturally produced hybrid between "Cattleya warscewiczii" Rchb.f. 1854 and "Cattleya aurea" Linden 1883 would be called "Cattleya" ×"hardyana" Sander 1883 or "Cattleya" × "hardyana". An offspring of a "Cattleya" × "hardyana" pollenized by another "Cattleya" × "hardyana" would also be called "Cattleya" × "hardyana". "Cattleya" × "hardyana" would also be the name of an offspring of a "Cattleya" × "hardyana" pollenized by either a "Cattleya warscewiczii" or a "Cattleya aurea", or an offspring of either a "Cattleya warscewiczii" or a "Cattleya aurea" pollenized by a "Cattleya" × "hardyana"
Horticultural treatment of greges.
A non-specific grex is initially produced by the deliberate hybridization of two different greges, and is treated as if it were some new species.
When a hybrid cross is made, all of the seedlings grown from the resulting seed pod are considered to be in the same grex. Any additional plants produced from the hybridization of the same two parental greges also belong to the grex. All of the members of a specific grex may be loosely thought of as "sister plants", and just like the brothers and sisters of any family, may share many traits in common or look quite different from one another. This is due to the randomization of genes passed on to progeny during sexual reproduction. The hybridizer who created a new grex may choose to register the grex with a registration authority, in which case the grex must be named. If two members of the same grex produce offspring, the offspring receive the same grex name as the parents. Individual plants may be given cultivar names to distinguish them from siblings in their grex. Cultivar names are usually given to superior plants with the expectation of cloning that plant; all clones of a plant share a cultivar name. 
The non-specific gregaric name differs from a specific name in that the gregaric part of the name is capitalized, is not italicized, and may consist of up to four words; according to the International Code of Nomenclature for Cultivated Plants it must be followed by the word "grex" which is not capitalized or italicized. 
For example: an artificially produced hybrid between "Cattleya warscewiczii" and "C. dowiana" (or "C. aurea", which the RHS, the international orchid hybrid registration authority, considers to be a mere variety of and therefore synonymous with "C. dowinana") is called "C." Hardyana grex. An artificially produced seedling that results from pollenizing a "C." Hardyana grex with another "C." Hardyana grex is also a "C." Hardyana grex. However, the hybrid produced between "C." Hardyana grex and "C. dowiana" is not "C." Hardyana grex, but "C." Prince John grex. Similarly, the artificial hybrid produced between "C." Hardyana grex and "C warscewiczii" is "C." Eleanor grex. These relationships can be described in the following manner:<br>
"C." Hardyana grex = "C. warscewiczii" × "C. dowiana"<br>
"C." Eleanor grex = "C." Hardyana grex × "C. warscewiczii"<br>
"C." Prince John grex = "C. dowiana" × "C." Hardyana grex
In informal usage, "grex" is often omitted (e.g., "Cattleya" Hardyana), but this can lead to ambiguity.
An example of a complex-hybrid grex is "Phanaenopsis" Baldan's Kaleidoscope grex (sometimes also labeled a cultivar, as "Phalaenopsis" 'Kaleidoscope').
Due to the maintenance of many interspecific (and even intergeneric) barriers in the Orchidaceae by pollinator behavior, it is easy to produce complex interspecific and even intergeneric hybrid orchid seeds: all it takes is a human motivated to use a toothpick, and proper care of the mother plant as it develops a seed pod. Germinating the seeds and growing them to maturity is another story.

</doc>
<doc id="19975581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19975581" title="Vargulin">
Vargulin

Vargulin, also called Cypridina luciferin or Vargula Luciferin, is the luciferin found in the ostracod "Cypridina hilgendorfii", also named "Vargula hilgendorfii". These bottom dwelling ostracods emit a light stream into water when disturbed presumably to deter predation. Vargulin is also used by the midshipman fish, Porichthys.
History.
A partial extraction procedure was developed in 1935 which involved reacting the compound with benzoyl chloride to allow it to be separated from the water-soluble components. The compound was first isolated and purified to crystals by Osamu Shimomura. The structure of the compound was confirmed some years later. Feeding experiments suggest that the compound is synthesized in the animal from three amino-acids: tryptophan, isoleucine, and arginine.
Biochemistry.
Vargulin is oxidized by the Vargula luciferase, a 62kDa enzyme, to produce blue light at 462 nm (max emission, detected with a 425 to 525 nm filter). 
The vargulin does not cross react with luciferases using Coelenterazine or Firefly luciferin.
Uses.
Vargulin (with the associated luciferase) has applications in Biotechnology:
Although less stable, the Cypridina system is useful because it is brighter than firefly luciferase system, and it can be used in multiplex assays with other (red-emitting) luciferin assays.

</doc>
<doc id="19975589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19975589" title="Export of revolution">
Export of revolution

Export of revolution is actions by a victorious revolutionary government of one country to promote similar revolutions in other countries, as a manifestation of revolutionary internationalism of certain kind, e.g., the Marxist proletarian internationalism.
Fred Halliday analyzes the traits of the export of revolution by case studies of French Revolution, Soviet Russia/Soviet Union, People's Republic of China, Cuba of Fidel Castro, and Iran of Ayatollah Khomeini.

</doc>
<doc id="19975625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19975625" title="List of Fringe characters">
List of Fringe characters

This article lists the major and recurring fictional characters on the science fiction television series, "Fringe", created by J. J. Abrams, Alex Kurtzman, and Roberto Orci.
In the overarching storyline for the five seasons of the show, several versions of the characters are introduced. Beginning in the second season, a parallel universe is revealed; many of the characters, portrayed by the same actors, exist simultaneously in the original and parallel realities. The fourth season is set in an alternate timeline, where original and parallel universes have evolved from different outcome at a certain point in their history, resulting in two more versions of the characters. 
These character profiles describe the characters as they appear in the original universe, with universe differences noted separately.
Recurring characters.
John Scott.
John Scott (played by Mark Valley) is an FBI Special Agent who, in the pilot episode, is Olivia's partner and lover. During an investigation of a flesh-dissolving toxin, John is exposed to the toxin after the lab producing it explodes with him nearby. He is placed in a medically induced coma, and during this time Walter devises a procedure to link his mind to Olivia's in order to gain information about the suspect who caused the explosion. With that information, they locate the suspect, from whom they gain the necessary understanding of the chemical to cure John. Shortly thereafter, it is discovered that John himself financed the creation of the toxin. This connection ties him to "the Pattern", the incidents investigated by the Fringe Division, making him a suspected terrorist. A subsequent high-speed chase results in John's death, leaving Olivia to question not only John's true loyalty, but also his love for her.
Following his death, John's corpse is secretly delivered to Massive Dynamic, to serve as an information gathering source.
As a result of their mental link, part of John's consciousness is transferred to Olivia, allowing her to communicate with him through hallucinations and dreams. Her mind begins integrating and purging his consciousness, resulting in her mistaking his memories for her own. He also continually tells her that he loves her "always", and intends to prove it to her. While following his "ghost" she discovers a hideout of his where he seemed to be conducting an independent investigation into the "pattern". She also finds an engagement ring with the word "always" written inside, suggesting John was intending to propose to her, which she takes as a personal keepsake.
Before his consciousness disappears completely, Olivia learns that John was working undercover for the NSA, infiltrating ZFT, by now known to be the organization responsible behind "the Pattern", and that whatever relationship the two of them had was real. Admitting her love for him, Olivia says her goodbyes to John before he fades away forever. Olivia later tells Broyles that even though John is still considered a traitor by the FBI, she knows in her heart that he was a hero.
In the alternate timeline created by Peter Bishop's erasure, many of the events of John's life remain the same. He is still the partner of Olivia and still affected by the toxin. However, while Olivia is able to get Walter out his mental hospital to help him, John dies before a cure can be found. His death profoundly affects Olivia, leaving her even more isolated and cold than in the previous timeline. It is also suggested that the toxin which killed him may have been a disastrous attempt by ZFT to create human shape-shifters, although this is unconfirmed.
Henrietta "Etta" Bishop.
Henrietta "Etta" Bishop (portrayed by Georgina Haig) is a government agent in the year 2036, and is the daughter of Peter Bishop and Olivia Dunham.
Bishop first appeared in the fourth season installment "Letters of Transit". She is a part of a small resistance group opposing world control by hostile Observers from the 2600's who traveled back in time to take over in 2015. Bishop is convinced the original Fringe team survived the seize and are still alive. She, and her partner Simon Foster (Henry Ian Cusick), eventually locate the team (except for Olivia Dunham) frozen in amber and free them. Peter Bishop comes to the emotional realization that Henrietta is his daughter. In The Bullet That Saved the World, Etta is killed by Captain Windmark. But she is saved by the season 5 finale of resetting the time line.
Mitchell Loeb.
Mitchell Loeb (played by Chance Kelly) is a FBI agent, and a member of the bio-terrorist organization ZFT, as led by David Robert Jones.
Loeb originally appears as a loyal FBI agent attacked by a lethal parasite that threatens to slowly kill him. Walter is eventually able to kill the parasite, thanks to the information given by bio-criminal David Robert Jones. However, it is soon shown that Loeb and his wife are in fact secretly working for Jones.
Putting together Walter's untested teleportation device, stolen from several individual safe-deposit boxes, and using a mathematical equation and a device that allows him to temporarily disrupt the particles in a solid object and pass through them, Loeb is eventually able to teleport Jones out of the prison, freeing him.
With Jones out of the prison, Loeb—still working for the FBI—abducts Olivia on behalf of Jones. Olivia is however able to escape, but begins suspecting that Loeb was the one who kidnapped her. While paying a visit to Loeb's home, looking for anything to support her suspicions, Olivia gets into a gunfight with Loeb's wife Samantha, killing her. When Loeb eventually learns about his wife's death, he confesses his involvement with Jones, and is incarcerated.
Sanford Harris.
Sanford Harris (played by Michael Gaston) was originally a high-ranking officer of the United States Marine Corps. He is a close friend of Phillip Broyles. One evening he got drunk and sexually assaulted three female Marine privates; a crime for which he was exposed and prosecuted by Olivia, resulting in several years of imprisonment. The conviction was later overturned, but Harris' career was ruined. Harris then joined the Department of Homeland Security, rising in rank to become a high-level consultant for the Pentagon. He is called in to audit the procedures of the Fringe Division, and puts a clear emphasis on Olivia's actions. As his position makes him her superior officer, Olivia does her best to humor him. Harris is eventually exposed as a ZFT operative during an investigation of two pyrokinetic women. Olivia tracks Harris during his abduction of the second woman and is locked in a room with her. With her out-of-control powers, it was expected that Olivia would be vaporized when the woman exploded; Olivia instead helps her focus her powers on Harris, who is quickly incinerated.
William Bell.
William Bell (played by Leonard Nimoy) is the founder of Massive Dynamic and the former lab partner and friend of Walter. William is mentioned throughout season one, showing several ties with Walter's past and the study of the parallel world, including participating in the Cortexiphan tests. Sometime after Walter brought Peter from the parallel universe, William convinced Walter to allow him to remove pieces of Walter's brain and implant them in other patients to keep the knowledge of dimensional travel safe; this process led to Walter's mental instability and institutionalization. The two parted ways, William going on to form Massive Dynamic.
Sometime after founding Massive Dynamic, William finds a means to travel to the parallel dimension, and sets up an office in the still-standing World Trade Center. Though he travels back and forth several times, William finds his body has become unstable and remains in the parallel world, still communicating with Nina whom he left in charge of Massive Dynamic.
During the first season, Walter discovers that William wrote the ZFT manifesto, which is the base for the ZFT members' actions (to prepare for war against the parallel world, by doing experiments of all sorts of weapons - chemical, biological, or even human).
In his first screen appearance, William brings Olivia across in the season 1 finale to warn her about the oncoming storm between universes and the identity of the shapeshifter Newton. In the second season finale, he helps Walter and Olivia to evade capture in the parallel universe, and then assists Walter in preparing equipment for them to return to the prime universe; William and Walter reestablish their friendship when William reminds Walter why he had removed the brain pieces. When Olivia returns with Peter, Bell is unable to cross over again, as his atoms would split apart and no trace of him would remain in either universe. Because of this, he sacrifices himself to provide the means for Walter, Peter, and Olivia (in actuality, the alternate Olivia) to return to the prime universe. With William now dead in both universes, Walter discovers at the start of Season 3 that William left the whole of Massive Dynamic to him in his will.
As explained by William at the end of Season 2, the alternate version of William was killed as a young man in a car accident; as a result, Massive Dynamic in the parallel world was never formed, instead there is only Bishop Dynamic.
In season three, Walter remembers that William had an idea of developing "soul magnets", devices that would channel the energy from a dead body into another entity. Walter figures that William must have created a soul magnet for himself and figures that the trigger is the frequency created by the bell William left for Nina. Walter rings it and William's consciousness appears in Olivia. "Bellivia" explains that he put the soul magnets in Olivia's tea when they first met in the other universe. Broyles gives William 48 hours to find a new viable host for him and get out of Olivia's body, but William takes his time as he knows that no harm is coming to Olivia. However, not too long after, Olivia regains control of her body briefly, confused and in a trance before William takes back over. William then explains that there is something more complicated than he expected.
Walter and Peter journey into Olivia's consciousness and find William in order to recover Olivia before she is "lost". After Walter and Peter "die" within her mind, William aids Olivia in escaping until she is able to confront her own fears, enabling her to take back control of her body. William tells Olivia to pass on the message "I knew the dog wouldn't hunt" to Walter. He then departs from Olivia's consciousness. As Olivia wakes up, Astrid and Walter realise that William's plan to transfer his own consciousness into a computer has failed. Olivia relays William's message to Walter, who explains that the message was a phrase William would use in earlier experiments when he knew that they would not be successful, and that his reason for suggesting it was because "William hates goodbyes".
In the fourth season, it is noted by Nina and Walter that Bell is dead, having, in the new timeline, committed suicide in a car accident in 2005 to end his suffering from lymphoma. Disbelieving Nina, Walter returns to St. Claire's Mental Institution and finds the scent of Bell among one of the log books that dated back to when Walter believed he had visited, and continues to assert this claim. After sending David Robert Jones to his demise, he kidnaps Walter, who has deduced that he is alive, and takes him onto his container ship to sail to his new universe. After Peter and Olivia rescue Walter, Bell rings his ship's bell and disappears. Broyles later notes that he was never found.
William returns in the future, trapped in amber with the Fringe team in 2036. Walter cuts off his hand and tells Astrid to not tell anyone, until in Five-Twenty-Ten, he used it to unlock a storage facility and retrieve part of the plan.
Brandon Fayette.
Brandon Fayette (played by Ryan McDonald) is the leading scientist at Massive Dynamic, offering assistance to the Fringe team on multiple occasions.
The Other Universe version of Brandon is the chief scientist of the Fringe division, often answering directly to Secretary Bishop, and responsible for the assimilation of Olivia into Fauxlivia. Walternate deduced that he became a shapeshifter and killed him.
David Robert Jones.
David Robert Jones (played by Jared Harris) is a biochemist and former employee of William Bell and Massive Dynamic, a connection that wasn't revealed until the season one finale. Over the course of the first season, he is also proven to be the leader of ZFT, the organization responsible for most incidents investigated by the Fringe Division during season one.
First appearing in the series while incarcerated in a German prison in the episode "In Which We Meet Mr. Jones", Jones soon becomes the main antagonist of season 1. He is first shown whilst being contacted by Olivia, who is trying to find the antidote for a parasite in Agent Loeb's body. Jones agrees to help her, but only in exchange for the opportunity to ask an associate one question. The response is a coded message picked up by Loeb, who is secretly working for Jones.
Receiving Jones' message, Loeb is soon able to proceed in creating a teleportation device once designed by Walter Bishop, and successfully teleports Jones out of prison, freeing him.
In "Ability" Jones turned himself over to the FBI, in exchange for Walter's help with the life-threatening side-effects of his teleportation. He then presents Olivia with a test: to prevent a biological bomb from detonating by turning off a series of lights only using her mind. Eventually, Olivia is able to do this, thanks to Walter's and Bell's Cortexiphan experiments conducted on her when she was a child. Jones then disappears again, leaving only a cryptic message: "You Passed".
In the Season 1 finale, Jones' former relationship to William Bell is revealed, as is his goal of trying to escape to the parallel universe to confront Bell, whom Jones believes never saw his true potential. Everything done by Jones since his introduction in the series has been either to get in contact with Bell, or to prove himself worthy of Bell's approval.
He finally succeeds in opening a portal to the parallel universe, where Bell is located. However, the portal is dangerously unstable, threatening to cause severe harm to both universes. Peter is able to close the portal in time for it not to result in any real disaster. Jones, being only halfway through the portal, is cut in half and dies immediately.
In the Season 4 episode "Back to Where You've Never Been", David Robert Jones returns as a character in the alternate timeline created by Peter Bishop's deletion at the end of Season 3. With Peter's removal, Jones appears to have survived the portal crossing and is present in the alternate universe. He is revealed to be behind the "Human Shapeshifters" that are plaguing both universes and the alternate Broyles and Brandon appear to be under his control. At the end of season 4, he is electrocuted, causing him to disintegrate as an added effect of his earlier use of the teleportation device.
September (The Observer).
September (played by Michael Cerveris), often referred to as The Observer, is a mysterious figure seen at the scene of many Pattern-related events. Like other Observers that have appeared on the show, September is only seen wearing a plain black suit and black fedora, and is pale, bald, and lacks eyebrows. They exhibit several strange mannerisms such as awkward phrasing when talking, a preference for extremely flavored, like spicy or salty foods due to an extremely dulled sense of taste, and the ability to appear or disappear when one looks away. They also use an alien written language with which they maintain copious documentation in small notebooks. Though the Fringe division is aware of the Observers, their intent is not yet known, though believed to be related to the Machine and the conflict between the two universes. They possess uniquely advanced technology, and appear to be temporally aware of time, including the ability to travel in time and between the two universes; the Fringe division finds evidence of Observers at several historical events but looking the same as they do in the present. Like September, the other Observers appear to be named after months, including "August" and "December". The episode "Inner Child" introduces the Fringe division to a child that appears to possess many Observer-like qualities.
In the episode "Peter", September is a catalyst in Walter's abduction of Peter from the parallel universe; September arrived wanting to see the creation of the cure by Walternate that would have saved Peter, but instead distracted Walternate from witnessing a critical test result. When September saw Walter watching through the window-like device, he informed his fellow Observers that he could correct the situation; later, after Walter returned with young Peter to the prime universe and fell through the frozen lake's ice, September rescued them from the freezing water and told Walter, "The child must live".
September and the other Observers have since monitored Walter and Peter. In the second season's finale, September is responsible for alerting the Fringe division to the dangers of Peter being taken back by Walternate to the parallel universe, ultimately leading to their rescue attempt. In the third season episode "The Firefly", September conducts a convoluted experiment to test Walter's resolve to give up Peter for the greater good when the time comes. 
In the third season finale episode "The Day We Died", a gathering of ten Observers appeared on Liberty Island to watch and comment on the disappearance of Peter Bishop from existence. 
Later, he is ordered by his superior to ensure that Peter's status as nonexistent continues, and constructs a device to erase all lingering memories of Peter from Walter. However, at the last moment he disobeys his orders and deactivates the device, allowing brief apparitions of Peter to appear to Walter and Olivia.
In "Novation" Peter mysteriously appears in the new timeline. After being taken into custody by the Fringe Division, he learns that the point of divergence in the timeline is that September never saved him from drowning in Reiden Lake when Walter brought him over from the alternate universe. He also learns that, in the new timeline, the Fringe Division is unaware of the existence of the Observers.
September later appears to Olivia while she waits for Peter and Lincoln to return from the alternate universe. Mysteriously wounded from a gunshot to the chest, he warns Olivia that he has seen all of the possible timelines, and the result is always the same: Olivia has to die. He then disappears before Olivia can call an ambulance to help him.
He resurfaces several episodes later in "The End of All Things", during Peter and Walter's search for the kidnapped Olivia, where he appears in Walter's lab, and is dying from the gunshot wound. In attempt to discover the location of Olivia Peter enters September's mind using the same method Olivia used to enter John's in the pilot, September has no information on Olivia but does tell Peter that the Observers come from the future to observe their beginnings, and explains that he has interfered in the past in attempt to correct the timeline after accidentally preventing Walternate from discovering the cure to save Peter thus beginning a chain of events that lead to the war between the two universes. He also cryptically says "they are coming". Before Peter can ask who, September tells Peter to "go home" and yanks him out of his mind. In the real world September disappears from the lab, having been taken by the others.
In the next episode it is revealed that he planted a message in the form of a black dot in Peter's eye which contains an address in New York. Peter goes to the address to discover Observer technology in an apartment and a cylinder like the one in "The Arrival" which teleports a fully healed September to the apartment. Peter begs September to send him back to the original timeline but September assures him that this is where he is meant to be before teleporting away.
In the 5th season episodes "Anomaly XB-6783746" and "The Boy Must Live", it is revealed that after the events of the fourth season, the Observers removed September's observer technology and conducted "biological reversion" experiments on him, causing him to transform into a human. As a human, he assumed the name Donald O'Connor.
An Observer (either September or a different unnamed Observer) has appeared in every episode of "Fringe", albeit sometimes only as a brief cameo. As a tie-in with the show, actors playing Observers have appeared in the audience of other FOX network shows, including "American Idol" and the 2009 Major League Baseball All-Star Game.
In creating the Observers, the producers had some idea of how they would be introduced into the show, starting as a background character and only becoming a significant figure by the midpoint of the first season. Though they had some idea of the Observers' role, they gave Cerveris much leeway to develop the character in the manner he wanted, from choosing the outfit he would wear to his language mannerisms. Cerveris further is credited with creating the written Observer language during his scenes in "The Arrival", which the production team later extrapolated into a complete language for the show.
Shapeshifters.
Shapeshifters are androids from the parallel universe, possessing superhuman strength and damage thresholds, and acting as soldiers in the war between the universes. They are able to take the form of any person by using a device that plugs into the roof of their mouth and the mouth of the target. This process occurs after the shapeshifter has killed the target prior to the transformation; without the device, the shapeshifter is locked in its current form. Shapeshifters also may be programmed as sleeper agents, unaware of their unusual nature until they are activated. The primary characteristic differentiates a human and a shapeshifter is the large quantity of mercury in their blood, and the presence of a metallic data disc at the base of their spine. William Bell believes the shapeshifters were designed this way to withstand travel between the universes.
The first shapeshifter witnessed by the Fringe division is one that follows Olivia after her meeting with William from the parallel world in the second season premiere, "A New Day in the Old Town". He eventually kills Charlie and takes his place, using his position to find the location of Newton before he is identified by Olivia and killed. Several other shapeshifters have been shown in the series, including one that aids in the parallel universe's Olivia's escape from the prime universe.
Peter Bishop later takes it upon himself to kill all of the remaining shapeshifters in the Prime Universe, after he is able to decode their sleeper identities from the files on Fauxlivia's computer. He successfully kills all of the ones identified, but it remains to be seen if he eliminated all of them.
Thomas Jerome Newton.
Thomas Jerome Newton (played by Sebastian Roché) is a leader among the shapeshifters and the main antagonist of Season 2.
When Olivia is transported to the parallel universe, she meets William Bell, who warns her that the shapeshifters active in her universe are looking for Newton, since his resurrection will make it possible for the shapeshifters to re-open the gateway between their universes. Olivia is returned to her universe, but does not remember the details of her meeting with Bell in time to stop the shapeshifters from succeeding in recovering Newton's cryogenically frozen head, and revive Newton.
Headed by Newton, the shapeshifters start tracking down and extracting pieces of brain tissue from three separate mental patients. Knowing that the three pieces were once taken from Walter's brain and when reinserted, they will cause Walter to remember how to open the gateway between the universes. Newton is then able to complete his first mission; He synchronizes the brain tissues, kidnaps Walter, reinserts them into Walter's brain, and then interrogates the scientist, gathering the information he needs.
Newton later re-surfaces, experimenting in opening portals to the parallel universe. Eventually he is able to successfully bring the shapeshifters' superior—simply referred to as "Mr. Secretary"—over to our universe. When Peter goes AWOL from Fringe Division upon learning of his real origin, he finds himself tracked by Newton and other shapeshifters. As Newton is finally able to corner Peter in his hotel room, he introduces him to his superior: the parallel universe United States Secretary of Defense, and likewise Peter's real father, the alternate Walter Bishop.
As alternate Walter successfully replaces Olivia with her parallel universe version, tension between Newton and Fauxlivia rises. When US Senator Van Horn is severely injured and revealed to be a shapeshifter, Newton orders him killed. In "Do Shapeshifters Dream of Electric Sheep?" Newton is finally caught by the FBI, but, by means of the alternate Olivia, he commits suicide before the Fringe division is able to get any information from him.
Thomas Jerome Newton is the name of David Bowie's character in "The Man Who Fell to Earth".
Sam Weiss.
He also has other branches of mysterious knowledge, such as being able to predict that a series of seemingly random letters Olivia picks out will contain a message that would help her get over the death of Charlie. In the episode "The Last Sam Weiss", Sam explains that the name "Sam Weiss" has been handed down from several of his previous ancestors, the earliest having had found the bulk of the evidence on the First People, and that his line has been searching for more ever since. He is not mentioned after the episode "The Last Sam Weiss" until the ninth episode of the final season, when Olivia and Peter discover his body in a van, deducing that in this timeline, he died after the invasion protecting a signal tower, killing two observers and a loyalist in the process.
Elizabeth Bishop.
Elizabeth Bishop (played by Orla Brady) is Walter's wife in both universes. After Walter took the alternate Peter from the other universe, Elizabeth stayed at home with him, trying to convince Peter that she was his real mother. After running away from home, Peter finally comes to accept this Elizabeth as his mother, which later led to her suicide in 2001. 
The alternate version of Elizabeth is alive and well, and still married to Walternate. When Peter returns to his home universe in Over There, she bonds with him and is amazed to see him.
In the alternate timeline of season four Peter ventures to her home in an attempt to have her convince Secretary Bishop to help him return to his timeline. She recognizes him for who he is, and successfully takes him to Secretary Bishop to help him. In the following episode, she uses the Bridge to visit Walter in his Harvard lab. They have a lengthy conversation in which she forgives him for taking her son, and that Peter is not a punishment or a curse on him, as Walter had believed.
"Michael" / Anomaly XB-6783746.
"Michael" is a child Observer, first introduced in the first season episode "Inner Child" where he was played by Spencer List, and later re-introduced in the fifth season, where he was subsequently played by Rowan Longworth, due to List's aging since the original role. The name "Michael" is given to him by adoptive parents who protect him in the 2036 future, as shown in the episode "Black Blotter", while later Captain Windmark cites him as Anomaly XB-6783746 in the episode of the same name.
Michael, like other Observers, is pale and bald; however, he does not possess the implant used by other Observers to further boost their intelligence while suppressing their emotions (and allowing them to time-shift). He is mute, but is able to communicate via writing, symbolic gestures, or by touching others and implanting thoughts into them. He has an empathic connection with others, particularly Olivia, and in "Inner Child," is able to help her stop a serial murderer. At the end of that episode, he is taken into adoptive care; as he is driven off, he sees September watch the vehicle drive away.
In the fifth and final season, Michael is revealed to be part of the plan by Walter and September to stop the Observers. Sometime after the Purge by the Observers, Walter hides Michael in a pocket dimension with the help of September (now stripped of his powers and known as Donald) ("Through the Looking Glass and What Walter Found There"). After Walter and the rest of Fringe Amber themselves, Donald returns to the pocket universe to extract Michael, then sheltering him with former Resistance fighters who escape detection by isolating themselves on a remote island. In 2036, Fringe is able to track Michael down, after discovering that he's missing from the pocket universe. 
Michael is revealed to be September's progeny, created from September's genetic material sometime in the early 27th century. September purposely stopped the growth process, leaving Michael a child possessing both a powerful Observer-intellects and human emotion, creating an anomaly in danger of being destroyed by the Observers. September takes Michael to the past to hide him from the Observers. Much of September's machinations with Fringe in the first four seasons were to prepare Walter to use Michael for their plan to defeat the unemotional Observers ("The Boy Must Live"). In 2036, September, who has been made human by the Observers and has given himself the name of Donald O'Connor (after the actor in the movie "Singin' In The Rain") reveals his plan to take Michael to 2167, the year that human genetic experiments replacing all emotion with pure logic, will be performed. These experiments will ultimately lead to the creation of the Observers. Donald's plan is to convince the scientists of 2167 not to proceed with these experiments, by showing them that it is possible for humans to contain both logic and emotion and be peaceful, like Michael.

</doc>
<doc id="19975673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19975673" title="2004–05 KNVB Cup">
2004–05 KNVB Cup

The 87th edition of the KNVB Cup (at the time called "Amstel Cup") started on August 7, 2004. The final was played on May 29, 2005: PSV beat Willem II 4–0 and won the trophy for the eighth time.
Participants.
A total of 85 clubs participated in this year's edition:
First round.
The matches of the first round were played on August 7 and 10, 2004.
Second round.
The matches of the second round were played on September 21, and 22, 2005. NEC Nijmegen received a bye for the first round and entered the tournament here.
Third round.
The matches of the third round were played on November 9, and 10, 2004.
Round of 16.
The matches were played on January 25, 26 and 27, 2005. Six Eredivisie clubs entered the tournament here, because they had been playing in the Champions League and UEFA Cup.
Quarter finals.
The matches were played on March 1 and 2, 2005.
Final.
PSV also won the Dutch Eredivisie championship, thereby taking the double. They would participate in the Champions League, so finalists Willem II could play in the UEFA Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="19975724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19975724" title="Open Options Corporation">
Open Options Corporation

Open Options Corporation is a privately owned business strategy consulting company that specializes in applied game theory and business war games where there are multiple stakeholders who can all influence the final outcome of a particular situation.
Open Options’ original software development was funded by the CIA through a company called Waterloo Engineering Software. The software was designed to help the American government better anticipate the collapse of the Soviet Union into many different breakaway republics. The software was based on academic research by Dr. Niall Fraser from the University of Waterloo. Dr. Fraser has written several books on game theory including Mathematical Modeling of Resolutions of Conflict and Conflict Analysis: Models and Resolutions.
Open Options uses a type of game theory called Ordinal Non-cooperative Game Theory which is a less well-known sub-section of game theory. However, this approach and proprietary software enables Open Options to analyze millions of possible outcomes.

</doc>
<doc id="19975732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19975732" title="A Symphony of Hits">
A Symphony of Hits

A Symphony of Hits is the ninth album by Australian pop vocal group Human Nature. The album includes reworking of some of their past hits and several new cover versions all with arrangements by Prague Philharmonic Orchestra. Australian superstar Darren Hayes is featured on "When You Say You Love Me", a re-working of the group's 2004 hit which Hayes wrote.
To celebrate the release of the album Human Nature performed the brand new versions of their multi-platinum hits with the Sydney Symphony Orchestra at Sydney Opera House on 12 & 13 December conducted by Guy Noble.
They then performed in February 2009 with the Melbourne Symphony Orchestra and the West Australian Symphony Orchestra.

</doc>
<doc id="19975739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19975739" title="Ladislav Pecko">
Ladislav Pecko

Ladislav Pecko (born 27 June 1968) is a retired Slovak football player and later a football manager. He played 6 matches for Slovakia and spent most of career in ŠK Slovan Bratislava. His playing position was right-wing back.
Pecko made three league appearances for FK Drnovice in the Czech first division.

</doc>
<doc id="19975751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19975751" title="Swansea Blitz">
Swansea Blitz

The Swansea Blitz was the heavy and sustained bombing of Swansea by the Luftwaffe of Nazi Germany on 19–21 February 1941. A total of 230 people were killed and more than 400 were injured
Swansea was selected as a legitimate target due to its importance as a port and docks and the oil refinery just beyond and its destruction was key to Nazi German war efforts as part of their strategic bombing campaign aimed at crippling coal export and demoralising civilians and emergency services.
The first air raid on Swansea was early on the morning of 27 June 1940, at 3.30 am. On the last night of the '3 nights blitz', the air raid sirens sounded at 7.50 pm - the start of a raid that lasted for five hours.
Incendiary bombs as well as high explosives were dropped over Swansea and the town centre was engulfed in flames. The 17th century grammar school that had stood on Mount Pleasant Hill since 1851 and was the alma mater of Dylan Thomas, Roy Jenkins and Bryan Phillips, took a direct hit and was severely damaged. The science laboratories, gymnasium and workshops survived however and, in keeping with the spirit of the time, teaching was soon resumed for older boys by using rooms in what had been the headmaster's house. Younger boys were relocated to a nearby vacant 'deaf-and-dumb' school building which had evacuated its pupils to the country. This hurriedly improvised arrangement endured until 1949. The headmaster, J. Gray Morgan, was largely responsible for this effort to avoid disrupted schooling but never received appropriate recognition. Hundreds of residents were killed or injured that night and the glow of the fires was seen 75 miles way in Fishguard.
"Under The Stairs" is a folk song written by Huw Pudner and Chris Hastings. Its subject is the bombing raid on Swansea and the birth of a baby 'under the stairs' during the middle of the raid.
535660

</doc>
<doc id="19975758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19975758" title="Branik Castle">
Branik Castle

Branik Castle (), also known as Rihemberk Castle ("Grad Rihemberk"), is a 13th-century castle above the village of Branik, near the city of Nova Gorica in southwestern Slovenia.
History.
Fortified settlements have been present on the hill above what is now the village of Branik since prehistoric times; the site was once occupied by a Roman castrum. The date of the founding of the castle is unclear, but the noble house of Rihemberk () is first recorded in 1230, originating from Riffenstein in Tyrol, now the castle of Reifenstein in Freienfeld, northern Italy. The name ""Rihemberk"" derives from the name of the family's former castle, and is a compound of the German words "Riffe" ("ridge") and "Berg" ("mountain"). The family received substantial properties in fief from the Counts of Gorizia, including estates in the Vipava Valley, the Kras plateau, in the outskirts of the town of Gorizia and elsewhere. The Rihemberg male line died out in 1371. In the 14th and 15th centuries the lordship contracted to the immediate surroundings of Rihemberk, a small part of the Vipava Valley, and the Kras Plateau. After the Counts of Gorizia died out in 1500, the castle passed to the Habsburgs. In 1528 both it and the surrounding lands were acquired by the noble house of Lanthieri, who added a residential palacio in 1649. The Lanthieris retained the castle for a full 417 years, until World War II. On the night of 22–23 July 1944, partisans resistance fighters assaulted the castle, blew it up and set it on fire, so as to deny its use as an outpost to the German Army. All furnishings were destroyed. In 1945, the castle was nationalized. Since the 1980s, it has since been gradually restored, though all prewar structures have not yet been fully rebuilt.
In 1999, the castle was declared a cultural monument of national importance.
Architecture.
The Romanesque foundations of the castle are still evident in some places. The castle complex is centered on a prominent 13th-century round keep, around which a substantial baroque residential tract was later developed, all surrounded with renaissance defensive walls and 16th century corner turrets. The older structures contain some Gothic elements, notably the castle chapel.
The building took its current shape in the 17th/18th centuries, when it was turned into a baroque residence. Significant remodeling was carried out in the 19th century as well, notably the romantic crenellations of the walls.
A walled garden - partially preserved - once occupied the south slope below the castle. The design of the entrance gate suggests the garden belongs to the baroque period of the castle.

</doc>
<doc id="19975781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19975781" title="Treasurer (Ancient Egypt)">
Treasurer (Ancient Egypt)

The Treasurer (or often also translated as Chancellor) in Ancient Egypt is the modern translation of the title "imi-r ḫtmt" (word by word: "Overseer of the Seal" or "overseer of sealed things"). This person usually collected the taxes.The office is known since the end of the Old Kingdom, where people with this title appear sporadically in the organisation of private estates. 
In the Middle Kingdom the office became one of the most important ones at the royal court. At the end of the 18th Dynasty the title lost its importance, although the famous Bay had this office. In the later New Kingdom the function of a treasurer was overtaken by the "overseer of the treasury".
The treasurer was responsible for products coming to the royal palace. They were the main economic administrator of the royal belongings. 
Famous title holders include:

</doc>
<doc id="19975785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19975785" title="On the Edge of Peace">
On the Edge of Peace

On the Edge of Peace is the first joint Israeli-Palestinian co-production. The documentary film captures a tumultuous year from the perspective of both sides. From the signing of the Oslo Accords to Yasser Arafat’s return to Gaza in 1994, three Palestinians and three Israelis are sent out with camcorders to document their own lives in intimate video diaries.
Summary.
Juxtaposing media coverage of watershed events with the localized views of the diarists, the film shows the varied effects of politics on individuals’ lives. In refugee camps, kibbutz settlements and cities, we hear a variety of personal and emotional takes on life under the often-violent shadow of the peace process.
The emotional resonance of this combined personal-political style is never more effective than in the depiction of February 25, 1994 — the day of the Baruch Goldstein massacre. At 3:30 a.m., we see a lone man walking the darkened streets of Gaza’s Rafah refugee camp reminding people of the daily Ramadan fast. At 5:00 a.m., we are in pre-dawn Hebron, listening to the call to prayer. At 6:30 we are surrounded by the eerie morning mist which shrouds Kibbutz Ein Dor. Then we see the morning news and witness the initial reports of Goldstein’s killing of Arab worshippers in a Hebron cave mosque.
See also.
Other Similar Israeli films:

</doc>
<doc id="19975796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19975796" title="Marte Reenaas">
Marte Reenaas

Marte Reenaas (born January 20, 1979) is a Norwegian ski-orienteering competitor and world champion. She won a gold medal in the "relay event" at the World Ski Orienteering Championships in Levi in 2005, together with Kjersti Reenaas and Stine Hjermstad Kirkevik. She received a bronze medal in the "long distance" in Moscow in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19975800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19975800" title="Hilde Krahl">
Hilde Krahl

Hilde Krahl (10 January 1917 – 28 June 1999) was an Austrian film actress. She appeared in 70 films between 1936 and 1994.
She was born "Hildegard Kolačný" in Brod, Austria-Hungary (now Slavonski Brod, Croatia) and died in Vienna, Austria. In 1944 she married Wolfgang Liebeneiner; their daughter Johanna Liebeneiner also became a famous actress.

</doc>
<doc id="19975805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19975805" title="The DFA Remixes">
The DFA Remixes

The DFA Remixes is a series of two remix compilations by influential dance-punk production duo The DFA (James Murphy and Tim Goldsworthy). Unlike previous DFA releases, these are remixes of other artists' work.
The first album in the series, "Chapter One", was released on 27 March 2006 in the UK and 4 April 2006 in the US. The second album, "Chapter Two", was released on the 2 October 2006 in the UK and 3 October in the US. The series was released on CD and vinyl with different track listings.

</doc>
<doc id="19975818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19975818" title="List of pensioners' parties">
List of pensioners' parties

The following is a list of political parties oriented at the interest of pensioners.

</doc>
<doc id="19975825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19975825" title="Ireland in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009">
Ireland in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009

Ireland competed in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009 in Moscow, Russia. The country was represented by Sinéad Mulvey & Black Daisy with their song "Et Cetera".
Eurosong 2009.
It was unknown for some time how Radio Telefís Éireann (RTÉ), the Irish broadcaster would select the Irish entry for the 2009 Eurovision Song Contest. RTÉ had had plans to have a large-scale national final like that of last year's contest. However the current financial situation in Ireland have made this impossible, and it was debatable whether a national final would be held at all, with an internal selection by RTÉ to be held instead. Despite this, RTÉ were set to have a national final for their selection, which would be similar to that seen in 2006 and 2007, when the national final was held as part of popular entertainment show "The Late Late Show". The provisional date was set at 20 February 2009.
Although a national final was to be planned, it was rumoured that RTÉ were in the middle of talks with three-time former winner Johnny Logan. It had been rumoured that, in exchange for his own television show, Logan would return to Eurovision and represent Ireland at the 2009 contest in Moscow. Logan had previously said that he would have represented Ireland at the 2007 contest, however a deal between Logan and RTÉ was not reached at that time. Eoghan Quigg, who came third in the 2008 series of The X Factor, has also stated that he would like to represent Ireland at Eurovision.
RTÉ officially confirmed that a national final, called "Eurosong 2009", would be held to choose the Irish representative for the Eurovision Song Contest 2009, and that no internal selection would be held. Like in 2006 and 2007, this was to be held on 20 February on a special edition of "The Late Late Show".
Pat Kenny, host of "The Late Late Show" and of "Eurosong 2009", revealed that six acts will compete in the contest, with the winner being decided by a mixture of televoting and the votes of regional juries from around Ireland. A jury selected six competing acts from those sent into RTÉ, which will be headed by former Eurovision winner Linda Martin. Over 300 entries were received by RTÉ before the deadline for entries on 2 February.
The final.
The first entry to be confirmed to be competing at Eurosong 2009 was "I Wish I Could Pretend" by Latvian singer Kristīna Zaharova. The song, composed by Lauris Reiniks and Gordon Pogoda, was initially included in the line-up of the Latvian national final, however was also entered into the Irish selection. Reiniks therefore decided to withdraw his song from the Latvian selection in favour for the Irish national final.
The complete list of finalists, as well as the running order, was released on 13 February 2009, one week before the show. The songs were first heard on "The Derek Mooney Show" on RTÉ Radio One on 19 February, one day before the final. During the show it was confirmed that both jury and televoting will be used during the show, in a 50/50 split. Four juries from around Ireland, in Sligo, Dublin, Cork and Limerick, will give 1 to 10 points to each song. Televoting will make the final 50% of the results, giving a maximum of 40 points to the favoured song.
During the show a panel will be present to offer their opinions on the six songs. The three panel members, as revealed by RTÉ, will be Eurovision commentator Marty Whelan, the 1992 Eurovision winner and head of the selection panel Linda Martin, and famous American talk-show and talent show host Jerry Springer.
The winner of Eurosong was Sinéad Mulvey and Black Daisy with "Et Cetera", which received 38 out of 40 from the four juries, and the maximum 40 points from the televote.
Before Eurovision.
It has not been planned by RTÉ to have a large promotional campaign of the Irish entry, due to budget constraints. However Sinéad and Black Daisy performed twice for an international audience; at the Eurovision Promo Concert in Amsterdam, Netherlands on 18 April, and also at the UKEurovision Preview Party in London on 17 April.
Before heading to Moscow, Sinéad and Black Daisy one again performed on "The Late Late Show" on 1 May. RTÉ also broadcast the EBU "Eurovision: Countdown" preview shows before the week of the contest.
At Eurovision.
Since Ireland was not one of the "Big Four" and is not the host of the 2009 contest, it had to compete in one of the two semi-finals. Sinéad and Black Daisy competed in the second semi-final on 14 May, where they performed second in the running order, following Croatia and preceding Latvia. The group failed to qualify Ireland to the final for the second consecutive time.
In the final of the contest, the Irish votes will be presented by Irish TV personality Derek Mooney, who previously did the same in 2000. RTÉ had released the names of the five jurors which will make up half of the Irish votes in the final, along with televoting. They are former Eurovision winners Linda Martin (ESC 1992) and Paul Harrington (ESC 1994), producer Bill Hughes, singer and TV personality Emma O'Driscoll and singer/songwriter Luan Parle.

</doc>
<doc id="19975832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19975832" title="Mathew Staver">
Mathew Staver

Mathew D. Staver, J.D., is an American lawyer, and former Seventh-day Adventist pastor. He has been a founding member and Chairman of Liberty Counsel since 1989, and dean of Liberty University School of Law since 2006.
Biography.
Staver received his B.A. in theology from Southern Missionary College, his M.A. in Religion from Andrews University, and his J.D. from the University of Kentucky. He has argued before the Supreme Court of the United States twice and has argued before most of the federal courts of appeals.
He authored nine books, including Faith and Freedom: A Complete Handbook for Defending Your Religious Rights, Religion and the Future of America; Religious Expression in Public Schools; Judicial Tyranny; Political Activity of Nonprofit Organizations, Union Membership and its Constitutional Implications, Take Back America, and Same-Sex Marriage: Putting Every Household at Risk, to be released in September, 2004. He has also authored law review and journal articles on a variety of topics, including Disestablishmentarianism Collides With the First Amendment: The Ghost of Thomas Jefferson Still Haunts Churches, and Lifting the Veil: An Expose' on the American Bar Association's Arbitrary and Capricious Accreditation Process. Staver is a constitutional litigator and conducts hundreds of media interviews each year.
In 2011 he was added to the Commission on Accountability and Policy for Religious Organizations, which was started by Senator Grassley.
Staver has been a frequent guest speaker at the Values Voter Summit in Washington, D.C. Values Voter Summit In 2012 he was presented with the Champion of Justice award by the National Hispanic Christian Leadership Conference.
Legal Cases.
In 1994 Staver argued the "Madsen v. Women's Health Center" at the United States Supreme Court, representing individuals who fought a court order banning protesters from interfering those entering or exiting the clinic within a 36-foot buffer zone. The Court ultimately ruled 6-3 striking down 300-foot zone around people going in and out of the clinic and striking down the prohibition against images "observable" from inside the clinic. The court upheld the 36-foot buffer zone.
An audio recording of the case was made by the Supreme Court.
In 2012 Staver argued a case at the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals in Richmond, Virginia on behalf of Liberty University against the Affordable Care Act. On July 12, 2013, the Fourth Circuit upheld the constitutionality of the Affordable Care Act over Liberty's arguments against the "employer mandate." 

</doc>
<doc id="19975838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19975838" title="Class 19">
Class 19

The Deutsche Reichsbahn grouped the following express train, tender locomotives with a wheel arrangement of 2-8-2 into its DRG Class 19:

</doc>
<doc id="19975852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19975852" title="Harold L. Sirkin">
Harold L. Sirkin

Harold "Hal" L. Sirkin (born 1959) is an American business consultant and author, who often writes about trends in innovation and global business competition.
Career.
Harold Sirkin is a senior partner in the Chicago office of the Boston Consulting Group, where he serves as global leader of the firm's Operations practice. He has co-authored several Boston Consulting Group reports including "Capturing Global Advantage" (2004), "Globalizing R&D: Knocking Down the Barriers" (2005), "Globalizing R&D: Building a Pathway to Profits" (2005), "The New Global Challengers" (2006), and "The 2008 Top 100 New Global Challengers" (2007).
Sirkin writes a regular column entitled "Globality" for BusinessWeek.com and at one time seems to have contributed to "The New York Times" Syndicate's "Global Business Perspectives column" but hasn't done so since at least 2007. He is the co-author of two books: "Payback: Reaping the Rewards of Innovation", which advises companies to adopt a systematic approach to innovation, and "Globality: Competing with Everyone from Everywhere for Everything", which explores strategies for economic competition under globality, the end state of globalization. "Payback" was named one of the "Best Innovation and Design Books for 2006" by "BusinessWeek" magazine. "Globality" was picked by "The Economist" as one of the best business books of 2008. Sirkin has also contributed to "Time" and the "Harvard Business Review".
He graduated summa cum laude from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania in 1980 with a B.S. in Economics, and from the University of Chicago in 1981 with an M.B.A. He is also a CPA.

</doc>
<doc id="19975862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19975862" title="Ewald Balser">
Ewald Balser

Ewald Balser (5 October 1898 – 17 April 1978) was a German film actor. He appeared in 53 films between 1935 and 1975.
He was born in Elberfeld, Germany and died in Vienna, Austria.

</doc>
<doc id="19975869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19975869" title="Gradešnica">
Gradešnica

Gradešnica () is a village in the Municipality of Novaci of the Republic of Macedonia. According to the census of 2002 the population of Gradešnica is composed of 88 Macedonians and 1 Turk.

</doc>
<doc id="19975883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19975883" title="Firfire">
Firfire

Firfire is a village development committee in Tanahu District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4130 people living in 762 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19975891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19975891" title="Gajarkot">
Gajarkot

Gajarkot is a village development committee in Tanahu District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5385 people living in 983 individual households.It contains 9 ward. Ward no. Kathekot-1, Katahare-2,Dumkot-3, Puttar - 4&5, Attrauli-6, Baindi-7,Gajarkot-8 and Dumribesi- 9.

</doc>
<doc id="19975898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19975898" title="Voice of the Iraqi People">
Voice of the Iraqi People

Voice of the Iraqi People was a radio station managed by the Abroad Organization Committee () of the Iraqi Communist Party, broadcasting from Sofia, Bulgaria. The radio station began services in the early 1960s. The Abroad Organization Committee appointed Aziz al-Haj to run the radio broadcasts. Since the party was underground and persecuted in Iraq, this radio station was virtually the only organ with which the party could reach out to people inside Iraq. However, the political movements of the Abroad Organization Committee was severely restricted by the conditions of their exile in the Socialist Bloc. Whilst the Iraqi Communist Party developed a more critical approach to the Communist Party of the Soviet Union, the Voice of the Iraqi People broadcast were fully in line with the Soviet positions.

</doc>
<doc id="19975903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19975903" title="Project Manager Force XXI Battle Command Brigade and Below">
Project Manager Force XXI Battle Command Brigade and Below

The Project Manager Force Battle Command Brigade and Below is a component of the Program Executive Office Command Control and Communications Tactical (PEO C3T) Special Projects Office in the United States Army. The phrase "brigade and below" in the name refers to the fact that operations and communications within these smaller Army units are shifting to a digital integration.
Mission.
The mission of FBCB2 is to provide ever-improving and adaptive platform battle command capabilities to the force by understanding the performance gaps, developing solutions and delivering them to the field with sufficient training support to optimize the capabilities of the system.
History of FBCB2.
FBCB2 was born out of the Task Force XXI Advanced Warfighting Experiment (AWE) in 1997. The 1st Brigade of the 4th Infantry Division was the first "digital" brigade and became fully equipped in 2000. The program has dramatically grown and matured, especially during the conduct of Operation Enduring Freedom and Operation Iraqi Freedom. Because FBCB2's capabilities are critically needed in the war effort, the program has been resourced to field 80,000 systems. By November 2008, over three-fourths (67,000) of those systems had already been fielded throughout the Army and United States Marine Corps (USMC).
In order to ensure interoperability between the Army and USMC, two Joint Requirements Oversight Council Memoranda (JROCM) 161–03 (2003) and 163–04 (2004), designated FBCB2 as the future battle command system for Joint forces at brigade and below. As a result of lessons learned in OIF and OEF and JROCMs, the Army, Marine Corps and other stakeholders teamed up to develop the requirements for the follow-on to FBCB2 called Joint Battle Command-Platform (JBC-P). The JBC-P CDD was approved by the Joint Requirements Oversight Council (JROC) in May 2008. Equally important was the commitment extended by all Services to fully fund the JBC-P program.
The Army leadership adopted a more Systems of Systems Engineering (SOSE) approach toward Battle Command development and have formulated a concept of Unified Battle Command (UBC). The goal for UBC is to achieve an affordable, interoperable battle command capability across all of the Army's formations—maneuver, functional, and multi-functional brigades. For platforms and soldiers, UBC will consist of a combination of Future Combat Systems (FCS) Battle Command (BC) and JBC-P computers, software and a new hybrid network of the Warfighter Information Network-Tactical (WIN-T), Joint Tactical Radio Systems (JTRS) and BFT 2. As the Army develops JBC-P, it will do so with an eye toward achieving UBC capabilities.
Project Manager Force Battle Command Brigade and Below (PM FBCB2).
PM FBCB2 provides the United States Army most of the hardware, software, communications and network management for the FBCB2/Joint Battle Command-Platform (JBC-P) system; integrates the FBCB2 system on aviation and ground vehicle platforms, and dismounted soldiers; provides system fielding, training and support.
What FBCB2 provides to the Army.
The FBCB2 end product is the battle command capability it brings to the individual Soldier. This capability is brought to the fight through the integration of Software, Hardware, Communications and network Infrastructure.
The vast majority of ground platforms use the PM FBCB2 procured Enhanced Version 4 FBCB2 Computer (EV4) ruggedized computer or the newer more powerful Joint Version 5, FBCB2 Computer (JV5) computer.
FBCB2 leverages the Enhanced Position Location Reporting System (EPLRS) tactical radio network in 15 Brigades (approximately 20% of our Army units). For the remainder of the force structure (approximately 80% of our units), FBCB2 provides an on-the-move L- Band satellite communications transceiver, commonly referred to as Blue Force Tracking (BFT).
Though not seen by soldiers, the BFT Global Network (BGN) Operation Centers are critical infrastructure sites that optimize the dissemination of data on the BFT network as well as the sharing of BFT data with EPLRS brigades operating in the Secret Domain.
Blue Force Tracking-Aviation (BFT-AVN).
Within the Force XXI Battle Command Brigade & Below program, BFT-AVN is a system with varied configurations that allow integration into various Army, joint, and coalition rotary and fixed-wing aircraft types. The system provides commanders, staffs, and other key personnel Situational Awareness of Aviation assets, including Unmanned Aerial Vehicles. With BFT-AVN, aircrews are able to view positions of friendly forces as well as enemy locations. The system also enables rapid, dynamic tasking and re-tasking of those assets to accomplish Aviation missions in complex environments. Another key capability of BFT-AVN is the ability to send and receive data and messages beyond line-of-sight overcoming the communication challenges of distance and terrain.
Uses Of Blue Force Tracking During Operation Iraqi Freedom And Excerpts From Interviews.
All excerpts in quotations are direct quotes from conversations with battle leaders unless otherwise noted. The basic question was simple –How did you use Blue Force Tracking and how did it work?
Battle Tracking:
2–7) Used it to supplement battle tracking, which was still done with paper maps, but to do so they did not have to use radios for that purpose. They tracked the whole battle order, even assets from other Brigades or Divisions.
(A2-69) Used it to anticipate the arrival of specific vehicles into visual range in specific locations.
(A-2-69) Tracked battles at night in zero illumination, zero visibility.
(3ID Ops) Used extensively. Said it cleared the command net so they could do maneuvers.
(3–7) My Executive Officer and Operations Officer used it to track the battle and identify an approximate frontline trace.
"I'm the lead company of the lead task force of the lead brigade. That was my mission throughout this entire war. I led third brigade. There was nobody to my front. ... I was able to look on my screen and see where my friendly units were to my left, to my right, to my front, to my rear and able to pass that information immediately down to my platoons, so fratricide was basically eliminated." – CPT Stewart James, Team Assassin Commander, 2–69 Armor
"We could look at that thing, call the boss next door and say, 'Okay I'm tracking third brigade. Lead elements of third brigade are about 15 kilometers and are right behind us and they're moving up right now.' And then I could call units and I could say, 'Okay, we got, it looks like third brigade we'll be up in our Area of Operations (AO) in about ten minutes or fifteen minutes.'" – MAJ Brad Gavel, Operations Officer, 3rd Squadron 7th Cavalry Regiment
"We used it to coordinate units passing through us on the move. We'd get an e-mail saying 'We're coming up behind you. What's going on up there, you tell them before you can talk to him Frequency Modulation (FM), send him that Situation Report (SITREP). Or even, 'My idea is this.' 'Meet me here.' 'When I get close give me a call.' Just little stuff like that." – MAJ John Keith, Executive Officer, 3rd Squadron 7th Cavalry Regiment
Operational details.
FBCB2 fundamentally revolutionized the way we fight. It provides a level of understanding of the each unit's own force disposition, never before achieved. This allows for faster, better informed decisions by leaders at all levels, ultimately resulting in more efficient and decisive operations as well as increased force protection for our Soldiers and Marines. The future JBC-P takes it one large step further. It increases the capability and performance of the system while increasing the breadth and depth of fielding to densities expected to significantly reduce the risk of fratricide.
The primary difference between FBCB2 and Blue Force Tracking (BFT) is in the communications path for the data. They are both "FBCB2". The Hardware and Software are the same. The ubiquitous Satellite Communications (SATCOM) configuration has become commonly referred to as "Blue Force Tracking", while the common terminology for terrestrial configuration with EPLRS has remained "FBCB2". However, as more communications architectures emerge and the SATCOM and terrestrial capabilities merge within a unit and even within a platform, the distinction will likely fade.

</doc>
<doc id="19975906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19975906" title="Ghansikuwa">
Ghansikuwa

Ghansikuwa is a village development committee in Tanahu District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6573 people living in 1264 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19975918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19975918" title="Jamune Bhanjyang">
Jamune Bhanjyang

Jamune Bhanjyang is a village development committee in Tanahu District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 8326 people living in 1570 individual households.
Jamune Village Development Committee is mostly popular for oranges. Lots of people are involved in orange farming.

</doc>
<doc id="19975925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19975925" title="Kabilas, Gandaki">
Kabilas, Gandaki

Kabilas is a Village Development Committee in Tanahu District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4138 people residing in 782 individual households. 

</doc>
<doc id="19975929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19975929" title="Ursula Herking">
Ursula Herking

Ursula Herking (28 January 1912 – 17 November 1974) was a German film actress. She appeared in over 130 films between 1933 and 1972.
She was born in Dessau, Germany and died in Munich, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="19975933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19975933" title="Principal Painter in Ordinary">
Principal Painter in Ordinary

The title of Principal Painter in Ordinary to the King or Queen of England or, later, Great Britain, was awarded to a number of artists, nearly all mainly portraitists. It was different from the role of Serjeant Painter, and similar to the earlier role of "King's Painter". Other painters, for example Nicholas Hilliard had similar roles without the title, which seems to have been first used for Anthony van Dyck in 1632.
The following is a partial list of painters (in chronological order) who held the appointment of Principal Painter in Ordinary to the King, or Queen:
Similar titles.
Other positions created included the Flower Painter in Ordinary (during the reigns of Queen Adelaide and Queen Victoria), Miniature Painter in Ordinary, and Marine Painter in Ordinary.

</doc>
<doc id="19975935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19975935" title="Kahu Shivapur">
Kahu Shivapur

Kahu Shivapur is a village development committee in Tanahu District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6162 people living in 927 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19975941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19975941" title="Keshavtar">
Keshavtar

Keshavtar is a village development committee in Tanahu District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 8385 people living in 1566 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19975946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19975946" title="Edward Holland (bishop)">
Edward Holland (bishop)

The Rt Revd Edward Holland (1936-date) is a retired Anglican Suffragan Bishop, firstly of Gibraltar in Europe and then of Colchester, now serving as an honorary assistant bishop in the dioceses of London and in Europe.
Early life.
Holland was born on 28 June 1936 and educated at Dauntsey's School and King's College London. He is an AKC.
Priest.
He became deacon in 1965 and was ordained priest in 1966. The Reverend Holland's first appointment after ordination was as Curate at Holy Trinity, Dartford. He then served at John Keble, Mill Hill. before opting for a period of service abroad, in the Mediterranean.
He was Precentor at Gibraltar Cathedral and then vicar of Christ Church,Naples.
He returned to London to be vicar of St Mark's, Bromley before his elevation to the episcopate.
Bishop.
He was consecrated Bishop in 1986. The Right Reverend Holland's first episcopal appointment made immediate use of his special experience, as the Suffragan Bishop of the Anglican Diocese of Gibraltar in Europe, a diocese often described simply as 'in Europe'. The suffragan bishop in Europe answers to the Diocesan Bishop. Edward Holland served in this post for nine years.
Prior to 1980, most Anglicans in Europe were administered by the Bishop of Fulham, a Suffragan who answers to the Bishop of London. In 1980, the European ministries were separated, to allow the Bishop of Fulham to concentrate on matters in an increasingly up-market and influential district of London (and, latterly, on an entirely different form of 'Flying Bishop' duties), whilst the new 44th Diocese of the Church of England, the only one not actually in Britain, ministers to all of the increasing population of British expatriates and migrant workers on the Continent.
The diocesan title appears to be tautologous, but actually reflects the ecclesiastical subtleties and diplomatic sensitivities of the post. A bishop should have a See, with a cathedral so the first element is a reference to the British Dependent Territory of Gibraltar with its Anglican Cathedral, whilst the second element clarifies that the ministry extends beyond the territory. The bishop is "Bishop in Europe", and not " 'and of Europe' ", because the United Kingdom, despite some work in that direction across the centuries, holds no actual jurisdiction over Europe.
Edward Holland returned to the United Kingdom in 1995, to the Diocese of Chelmsford, as Bishop of Colchester. The episcopacy is also that of a suffragan bishop, but this diocese is one of those in which the See is divided into discrete areas of administration, so the bishop is more correctly referred to as the area bishop of Colchester.
He retired in 2001, but was translated to honorary assistant bishop.
Later life.
In retirement, Bishop Holland continues to serve the Church, as an honorary assistant bishop in the dioceses of London and in Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="19975947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19975947" title="Khairenitar">
Khairenitar

Khairenitar is a village development committee in Tanahu District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal, about 25 km southeast of Pokhara. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6723 people living in 1267 individual households.
Magar,Brahman,Kumal,Gurung and Newari people are main residents of Khairenitar. Khairenitar market is the main economic hub of this region.Khaireni Higher Secondary School is the first school established on 1965.Tanahun Chamber of Commerce annually organizes Khairenitar Mahotsav to promote business, culture and heritage.
Khairenitar is listed as another to-be Municipality of Tanahun because of its growing population and infrastructure. Recently there has been many progress on some of the major development projects like providing drinking water to all households. New hospital (SetiGanga) has also been up and running recently and the one and only heart and lung hospital of Nepal is going to be constructed in Khairenitar, which is the good sign of the town being popular in Nepal. The public schools are being better and has produced good results in national level. New shopping centres are being opened and also continuing to be constructed due to the growing population.
References.
Institute has started ICTs program from class four to eight.It also established computer laboratory and library.Besides that initiation in games was very notable, because the team has made basketball complex, foreigners training on football were conducted regularly.

</doc>
<doc id="19975967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19975967" title="Kihun">
Kihun

Kihun is a village development committee in Tanahu District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4448 people living in 811 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19975978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19975978" title="Kota, Gandaki">
Kota, Gandaki

Kota is a village development committee in Tanahu District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3428 people living in 532 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19975983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19975983" title="Carter, Forest County, Wisconsin">
Carter, Forest County, Wisconsin

Carter is an unincorporated community in the town of Wabeno in Forest County, Wisconsin, United States. WIS 32 travels north-south through the community.

</doc>
<doc id="19975987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19975987" title="Kotdarbar">
Kotdarbar

Kotdarbar is a village development committee in Tanahu District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5565 people living in 836 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19975991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19975991" title="Lex Immers">
Lex Immers

Lex Immers (born 8 June 1986 in The Hague) is a Dutch footballer currently playing for Eredivisie side Feyenoord.
Club career.
Early career.
In his youth, Immers played for numerous clubs from The Hague, including amateurs LENS and Vredenburch. He also had a spell at DSO from Zoetermeer. ADO was impressed by his abilities, and he signed a contract with them, starting in the club's reserves. He made his professional debut on 24 August 2007, in the 2–2 away match against RKC Waalwijk.
ADO Den Haag.
He made his debut from a substitute in the 74th minute for Yuri Cornelisse. A week later, he renewed his contract with ADO, and signed for an additional period of two years. 
He soon became a reliable force in the club from his hometown. Immers is also well known for his great love for ADO Den Haag. He has a tattoo on his back, with a stork, the symbol of the city of The Hague and of the club.
On 21 March 2011, Immers was fined by ADO for remarks about Jews (the nickname of Ajax supporters) made at the ADO supportershome after a 3–2 victory over AFC Ajax. The incident was caught on video and published on the internet. Immers apologized for his remarks on the ADO website.
Feyenoord.
On 5 June 2012, Immers moved to Feyenoord for an undisclosed fee, believed to be approximately €1m and also trading in Feyenoord's youngster Kevin Jansen. Under contract with Feyenoord until 2016, Immers was handed the number 10 jersey. With the number 10 jersey he will replace former number 10 John Guidetti. On October 24, 2013 it was announced that Feyenoord hired Immers the first two years to avoid paying an agency commission.

</doc>
<doc id="19975997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19975997" title="Kyamin">
Kyamin

Kyamin is a village development committee in Tanahu District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5483 people living in 1087 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19975998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19975998" title="5th Ohio Infantry">
5th Ohio Infantry

The 5th Regiment, Ohio Volunteer Infantry (or 5th OVI) was an infantry regiment from southwestern Ohio that served in the Union Army during the American Civil War, serving in both the Eastern and Western Theaters in a series of campaigns and battles.
Organization and service.
The 5th OVI was organized at Camp Harrison near Cincinnati on 20 April 1861, for three months service. The men were mustered into service on 8 May. The regiment moved to Camp Dennison on 23 May, and was on duty there until 20 June.
After its initial term of enlistment expired, the regiment was reorganized on 20 June 1861, for three years, under Colonel Samuel H. Dunning. The remaining three-months men who did not re-enlist in the new regiment were mustered out on 24 July.
The 5th served in western Virginia for most of the balance of the year. In 1862, the regiment was sent into Virginia's Shenandoah Valley, where it suffered significant casualties during the First Battle of Winchester in March. At the subsequent Battle of Port Republic on 9 June, the Buckeyes lost 244 killed, wounded and prisoners. Its ranks much depleted from the Valley Campaign, the 5th served in the defenses of Washington, D.C. under John Pope and participated in the Northern Virginia Campaign.
The 5th Ohio was heavily involved in the fighting at the Battle of Antietam on 17 September 1862. The 5th was part of Major General Joseph Mansfield's XII Corps and Lt. Col. Hector Tyndale's Brigade, along with the 7th Ohio Infantry, 66th Ohio Infantry, and 28th Pennsylvania Infantry. Entering the battle in support of Joseph Hooker's I Corps, Tyndale's brigade inflicted heavy casualties on Alfred H. Colquitt's brigade and helped drive the Confederates out of the Cornfield. Pushing the Confederates south to the Dunker Church, Tyndale's men held the area until the afternoon when lack of supports, heavy losses and low ammunition compelled them to fall back.
In 1863, the partially replenished 5th OVI fought in the Army of the Potomac at Chancellorsville and then served in the Gettysburg Campaign. Transferred later in the summer to the Western Theater and becoming part of the XX Corps under Joseph Hooker, the 5th participated in the Battle of Lookout Mountain near Chattanooga, Tennessee.
The following year, the 5th served in the forces under William T. Sherman in the Atlanta Campaign and was part of Sherman's March to the Sea and the subsequent operations against Confederate-held Savannah, Georgia. In the spring of 1865, the regiment served in the Carolinas Campaign.
During the Civil War, the 5th Ohio participated in 28 battles and sustained a loss of more than 500 men killed, wounded and prisoners.

</doc>
<doc id="19976001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976001" title="Alice Treff">
Alice Treff

Alice Treff (4 June 1906 – 8 February 2003) was a German film actress. She appeared in more than 120 films between 1932 and 2001.
She was born and died in Berlin, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="19976002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976002" title="Hugin (longship)">
Hugin (longship)

The Hugin is a reconstructed Viking longship that is located at Pegwell Bay in Ramsgate, Kent, England. It was a gift from the Danish government in commemoration of the 1500th anniversary of the A.D. 449 migration from Jutland (modern Denmark) to Kent of Hengist and Horsa, Jutes who became leaders of the Anglo-Saxon invasion. The ship is a replica of the much later ca. 890 Gokstad ship.
The boat was built in Denmark from where it was sailed by 53 Danes to England in 1949. The ship landed at Viking Bay in Kent, before being moved to its current site. In 2005 the ship underwent repairs.
"Hugin"’s 1949 arrival in Britain was presented in a newsreel short entitled "Landing of the Vikings". Footage from the newsreel was used in the "Doctor Who" serial, "The Time Meddler"; as such, the real-world crew of "Hugin" depicted an advance scouting party for King Harald Hardrada's forces in the late summer of 1066.

</doc>
<doc id="19976006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976006" title="Majhakot, Gandaki">
Majhakot, Gandaki

Majhakot, Gandaki is a village development committee in Tanahu District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6018 people living in 995 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19976008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976008" title="Ashot Ashkelon">
Ashot Ashkelon

Ashot Ashkelon Industries Ltd (also referred to as Ashot) is an Israeli manufacturer of built to print products such as Gears, transmissions and gearboxes to the Aerospace, Military, and Automotive industries. Ashot is a subsidiary of the Israel Military Industries Ltd. (IMI) and publicly traded on the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange. The company has 400 employees.

</doc>
<doc id="19976010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976010" title="Manpang">
Manpang

Manpang is a village development committee in Tanahu District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6962 people living in 1302 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19976015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976015" title="CNN Expansión">
CNN Expansión

CNN Expansión is a Spanish language online news portal targeted to the business markets in Mexico and Latin America.
It was originally started as "Revista Expansión", run by "Grupo Expansión (GEx)". In 2005 GEx was bought by Time Inc.

</doc>
<doc id="19976017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976017" title="Pokhari Bhanjyang">
Pokhari Bhanjyang

Pokhari Bhanjyang is a village development committee in Tanahu District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4082.

</doc>
<doc id="19976021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976021" title="Purkot">
Purkot

Purkot is a village development committee in Tanahu District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 2011 Nepal census it had a population of 7,188! among them 3,044(male) 4,144(female). This VDC is located on the highway called vanu highway(Dumre-besishahar) and has a small town called Baishjangar where Police station, health posts, schools and some other major facilities available.This village is somehow called as a transit for another neighbouring districts Lamjung and Gorkha. Well famous river Marshyandi flows through this place. The village consists of various casts of people such as major Tamang-Gurung including, Newar, bramhin and Chettris etc. and equally celebrates their festivals each other.Purkot:
ward numer: 1-9
Baishjangar (ward no. 3/ 5) which is main city(bazar). Police station and school: ward no. 5 in Kharpani.
Purkot has some major high school in the town which are "Shree Kalika higher secondary school" and "Karmada secondary school." b
Remittance send from Kingdom of Saudi Arabia can be easily get from Baisjangar, Tanahun. A bachelor level education had already started at Baishjangar. 
Temples of five Hindu gods ("Pancha Mandir") of Shiva, Bishnu, Krishna, Surya and Krishna Mandir is located aside Marsyangdi River coast at Baisjangar Tanahun. Marriage ceremony, "Ekadasi Bratha", "Purans" are celebrated at this temple. A bus service to go Thanika than Temple is also available from Baishjangar.

</doc>
<doc id="19976032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976032" title="Raipur, Nepal">
Raipur, Nepal

Raipur is a village development committee in Tanahu District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4581 people living in 850 individual households.
References.
Raipur is a naturally beautiful place of Tanahaun district.

</doc>
<doc id="19976043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976043" title="Dead Wrong">
Dead Wrong

Dead Wrong can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19976046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976046" title="Ramjakot">
Ramjakot

Ramjakot is a village development committee in Tanahu District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3821 people living in 596 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19976047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976047" title="Selim Giray">
Selim Giray

Selim Giray, (born 6 June 1970, Istanbul) Turkish born American Violinist, Researcher, Clinician and Conductor.
Biography.
Turkish born violinist Selim Giray serves as Assistant Professor of Music Education and Violin Pedagogy at Wichita State University School of Music. Since 2007, he has been serving as Concertmaster of The Ohio Light Opera, where he performs for 20,000 patrons each season and has been featured on six CD's for Albany Records. Between 2002 and 2012, Giray served as Associate Professor of Violin, Viola and Artistic Director and Conductor of PSU Chamber Orchestra and Southeast Kansas Symphony Orchestra at Pittsburg State University. Between the years of 2000 and 2003, Dr. Giray taught at Interlochen Arts Camp. As a violinist, Giray has performed extensively in four continents, and has appeared frequently on the radio and television, including the NPR. He has performed as soloist, recitalist, chamber musician, and orchestral player. In 2010, Selim Giray has been appointed Field Editor for the Edwin Mellen Press.
Also an active researcher, most recently, he has recorded for the ERM Media (distributed by Naxos) with pianist Dr. June Chun-Young (release date: February 2010). In addition, he edited Adnan Saygun's violin concerto for the Peermusic Classical Europe. In 2003 Edwin Mellen Press published Dr. Giray's treatise titled A Biography of the Turkish Composer Ahmed Adnan Saygun and a Discussion of his Violin Works. The Ministry of Culture of Turkey published the same work in Turkish, with a preface by then Minister of Culture, Istemihan Talay.
Most recently, Dr. Giray performed Dvořák's violin concerto with the Southeast Kansas Symphony Orchestra, and "Introduction and Rondo Capriccioso" by Camille Saint-Saëns, and "Poème" by Ernest Chausson with Hays Symphony Orchestra. During the summer of 2008, he visited Asunción, Paraguay for master classes and performed the violin concerto of Emre Araci with the Camerata Orchestra. In 2004, Dr. Giray received the Rotary International’s prestigious Ambassadorial Scholarships grant, which sponsored him to teach throughout the summers of 2006–07 at Istanbul Technical University International Spectral Music Conference in Istanbul, Turkey. In the summer of 2006, as part of his teaching, Dr. Giray was the only professor to have the honor of giving master classes with the foremost Turkish violinist, Prof. Cihat Aşkın at the CAKA project Friends of Cihat Aşkın. In addition to his teaching, Dr. Giray performed at the 34th International Istanbul Music Festival as a member of Istanbul Chamber Orchestra. Also, he played as Acting Concertmaster of Istanbul Chamber Orchestra in Islamabad, Pakistan, where he performed in front of an elite audience of foreign dignitaries. During that trip, Dr. Giray gave lectures and master classes at Istanbul Technical University, Bilkent University, and Yıldız University in Turkey, and Edison Academy in Germany.
As a doctoral candidate at the Florida State University, Selim Giray studied with Eliot Chapo, former Concertmaster of such orchestras as the New York Philharmonic and the Dallas Symphony. Prior to that, in 1992 he was awarded a joint fellowship from the North Carolina Symphony Orchestra and East Carolina University, where he studied with Fritz Gearhart. A native of Istanbul, Selim Giray graduated from Istanbul State Conservatory and Mimar Sinan University State Conservatory, where he studied with Saim Akçıl.
During his tenure at Pittsburg State University, Giray has recruited international students, including Paraguay, Romania, China, South Korea, and Turkey. Within the years his students won numerous competitions, including various Concerto-Aria and Chamber Music Competitions, and the coveted American String Teachers Association Solo Competition—Winner of 2006 Kansas Chapter. Dr. Giray’s students have been accepted in graduate programs at Yale University, Rice University, the University of Oklahoma, the University of Missouri - Kansas City and The Florida State University with assistantships. Some are members of orchestras including the Youth Orchestra of the Americas, the Civic Orchestra of Chicago, the Kansas City Symphony, the Houston Symphony, the Detroit Symphony, and the Chicago Symphony.

</doc>
<doc id="19976050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976050" title="Ranipokhari, Nepal">
Ranipokhari, Nepal

Ranipokhari, Nepal is a village development committee in Tanahu District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2984 people living in 510 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19976055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976055" title="William Meers">
William Meers

William Meers (March 27, 1844 — July 12, 1902) was an English cricketer who played for Kent. He was born in Stoke and died in Horsham.
Meers made a single first-class appearance, during the 1866 season, against Sussex. In the only innings in which he batted, he scored 11 runs.

</doc>
<doc id="19976056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976056" title="James Mewett">
James Mewett

James Mewett (1833 — November 2, 1904) was an English cricketer who played for Kent. He was born in Eastbourne and died in Sandhurst.
Mewett made a single first-class appearance, during the 1860 season, against England. With Kent fielding 16 players against England's 11, Kent were victorious by 32 runs. Batting as a tailender, Mewett finished not out for a single run in the first innings in which he batted, and out for a duck in the second.

</doc>
<doc id="19976057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976057" title="Risti, Nepal">
Risti, Nepal

Risti is a village development committee in Tanahu District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2560.

</doc>
<doc id="19976058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976058" title="William Baker (cricketer)">
William Baker (cricketer)

William Baker (christened February 29, 1832) was an English cricketer who played for Kent. He was born in Cobham, Kent.
Baker made a single first-class appearance, in 1858, against England. He scored 3 runs in the first innings in which he batted, and a duck in the second innings.

</doc>
<doc id="19976063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976063" title="Ali Hashim Abdi">
Ali Hashim Abdi

Ali Hashim Abdi was a poet in the Urdu language. He gained his Molvi Degree from Wasika Arbi College in Faizabad. He was a landowner in Baragaon Shahganj Jaunpur. 
Some of his Qasida.
1.
Cherag Lakh jala Aftab ho na saka
Jawab-e-Noor-e-Hasan(a.s.) Mahatab ho na saka.
Arab me yon to bhut shekh-o-shab the
Lekin Ali(a.s.) se jo bhi lada kamyab ho na saka.
2.
Hazaron Sajde kiye ek sawab ho na saka
Baroz-e-hashar-e-amal kamyab ho na saka.
Ye faiz-e-ulfat-e-Ibn-e-Ali(a.s.) hai "Hashim"
Gunahgar tha lekin azab ho na saka..
3.
Na malak koi na masoom wahan tak pahuche
Ek Muhammad the jo asrab-e-jahan tak pahuche...
Some of his Nauha.
1.
Ran me bali Sakina(a.s.) ne ro kar kaha,
Mujhko pani nahin chahiye ab chacha,
Ab nahin mujhko shikwa zara pyas ka,
Har ghadi karti houn intezar aap ka,
Mujhko pani nahin chahiye ab chacha,
Aae Saqqa-e-haram ammu-e-ji hasham,
Ammu deti hon ulfat ki apni kasam,
Shimr se aa ke itna to pucho jara,
Mari bacchi pe tune sitam kiyon hai kiya,
Ran me bali Sakina(a.s.) ne ro kar kaha.
2.
Sogwar-e-shah-e-din qaidi-e-jindan fuffi,
Ek din wo tha ki Jibraeel(a.s.) ijazat le kar,
Padh ke salwat hote the dakkil ghar ke andar,
Aaj hain ma bahane sabhi uryan fuffhi,

</doc>
<doc id="19976071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976071" title="Rupakot, Tanahu">
Rupakot, Tanahu

Rupakot is a village development committee in Tanahu District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4765 people living in 937 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19976078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976078" title="Olga Shevchenko">
Olga Shevchenko

Olga Shevchenko is a Russian ski-orienteering competitor and world champion. She won a gold medal in the "relay event" at the World Ski Orienteering Championships in Moscow in 2007, together with Natalia Tomilova and Tatiana Vlasova. She received a bronze medal in the "long distance" in Levi in 2005.
She finished third in the overall World Cup in Ski Orienteering in 2007/2008, behind Tatiana Vlasova Liisa Anttila.

</doc>
<doc id="19976081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976081" title="Azot (region)">
Azot (region)

Azot () is an historical and geographic region in the Republic of Macedonia located in the south-west of the city of Veles in the valley of Babuna mountain.

</doc>
<doc id="19976083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976083" title="Virlung">
Virlung

Virlung is a village development committee in Tanahu District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6840 people living in 1439 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19976088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976088" title="Laona Junction, Wisconsin">
Laona Junction, Wisconsin

Laona Junction is an unincorporated community in the town of Armstrong Creek in Forest County, Wisconsin, United States. U.S. Route 8 travels north-south near the community.

</doc>
<doc id="19976092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976092" title="Thaprek, Gandaki">
Thaprek, Gandaki

Thaprek is a village development committee in Tanahu District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3844 people living in 752 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19976101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976101" title="The Low Anthem">
The Low Anthem

The Low Anthem is an American indie folk band from Providence, Rhode Island, formed in 2006. The band consists of Ben Knox Miller (vocals, guitar), Jeff Prystowsky (drums, vocals, double bass), Mike Irwin (bass, trumpet, guitar), Tyler Osborne (guitar, bass) and Florence Wallis (vocals, violin).
Founded by duo Ben Knox Miller and Jeff Prystowsky, The Low Anthem recorded and self-released two studio albums, "The Low Anthem" (2006) and "What The Crow Brings" (2007), before the arrival of vocalist and clarinettist Jocie Adams in 2007. In 2008, the band released its third studio album, "Oh My God, Charlie Darwin", and increased its fanbase significantly with the album's re-release on Nonesuch Records and Bella Union. 
In 2009, multi-instrumentalist and longtime friend Mat Davidson joined the band for its fourth studio album, "Smart Flesh" (2011), which was recorded in an abandoned pasta sauce factory. During The Low Anthem's tour in support of the album, Davidson left the band and was replaced by bassist and trumpet player Mike Irwin. Five months later, the band added a fifth member to its line-up, guitarist and bassist Tyler Osborne.
In a message to fans in June 2013 during the recording of their fifth studio album, the band announced that Jocie Adams was departing The Low Anthem to focus on her new project, Arc Iris. 
History.
Beginnings and "What the Crow Brings" (2006-2007).
Ben Knox Miller and Jeffrey Prystowsky met while DJing an overnight jazz show on a Brown University radio station, WBRU. They became friends and teammates for a local wood-bat baseball team called the Providence Grays. Miller and Prystowsky played in various ensembles together ranging from classical and jazz to electronica, and the Low Anthem was formed in 2006. In the fall of 2006, Dan Lefkowitz, a bluesman from Strasburg, Virginia, joined the band and contributed to its evolving brand of songwriting with his song “This God Damn House." Early in 2007, Lefkowitz left the band to pursue simple living in a yurt in Arkansas. The band became a trio again in late 2007 with the addition of classical composer and clarinetist Jocie Adams, a fellow student and former NASA employee, who joined the band after a late-night recording session for the band's album "What The Crow Brings". She appears on vocals and clarinet on the album's closing track, "Coal Mountain Lullaby."
"What the Crow Brings" was recorded in Miller’s and Prystowsky’s apartments over several months and was then self-released on October 2, 2007. The band took on every aspect of manufacturing the album including dumpster diving for empty cereal boxes to fold into album sleeves, creating the silkscreens for the album art, and hand painting and serial-numbering 600 copies of the album.
"Oh My God, Charlie Darwin" (2008-2009).
The Low Anthem recorded and self-released its third album, "Oh, My God, Charlie Darwin" on September 2, 2008. The band traveled to Block Island in the middle of winter and spent ten days recording the tracks that would become the album, with engineer and co-producer Jesse Lauter. After the album was completed, the band returned to the island to handpaint and silkscreen the first 2000 copies of the album. The band did a release tour booked by booking agent Jeff "The Scarecrow" Jones.
While touring, the Low Anthem first gained some recognition in the UK when Rough Trade Shops decided to make it an Album of the Month. End of the Road Festival then booked the band and released a 7” single of "Charlie Darwin" coinciding with the celebration of Darwin Day.
The band signed record deals with both Nonesuch Records and the UK label Bella Union and both rereleased "Oh, My God, Charlie Darwin" after Bob Ludwig re-mastered the disc. There was new artwork and the track order was resequenced.
In the summer of 2009, the band played US festivals Bonnaroo, Lollapalloza, the Newport Folk Festival, and Austin City Limits. In addition to headlining shows throughout Europe, The Low Anthem also played Glastonbury, Hyde Park Calling, Wireless, and End of the Road Festivals in the UK.
In November, The Low Anthem released its debut music video for "Charlie Darwin", a claymation work by Glenn Taunton and Simon Taffe. On November 20, 2009, The Low Anthem made its television debut on "Later... with Jools Holland". During its November 2009 tour in Europe, Mat Davidson, an old friend and multi-instrumentalist, joined the band.
The beginning of 2010 saw the band's first US television appearance on the "Late Show with David Letterman", where it performed "Charlie Darwin", and a short tour in Europe, including its biggest headlining show at Shepherds Bush Empire. The band returned to the US to support The Avett Brothers and then completed its first headline tour of the USA.
"Smart Flesh" (2009-2012).
From December 2009 until February 2010, the band recorded its fourth album, "Smart Flesh", in the abandoned Porino’s pasta sauce factory in Central Falls, RI. The album was engineered by Jesse Lauter and mixed by Mike Mogis (Bright Eyes). The album was released February 22, 2011. The band released "Ghost Woman Blues", the first song on the record as a free download in December on its Web site. The band appeared again on the "Late Show with David Letterman" on January 12, 2011, performing "Ghost Woman Blues."
Mat Davidson played his last show with the band on July 9, 2011 in Quebec and has since been replaced by multi-instrumentalist Mike Irwin. Upon Davidson's exit, the band noted, "He is a friend, an incredible musician, and we will all miss him dearly." In December 2011, the band added Tyler Osborne to its line-up, stating on its official website, "Our newest Low Anthem member joined us earlier last week at 6:55 PM in Providence, Rhode Island after an eleven-hour pilgrimage from his hometown of Roanoke, Virginia. His name, already given, is Tyler Osborne, and he’s as good as they come, a great multi-talented musician, and a great guy. Osborne's first shows with the band were in Canada, whilst the band supported City & Colour.
On December 20, 2011, the band released an album for free under the alter-ego Snake Wagon, entitled "Have Fun With Snake Wagon". The album was recorded during the same sessions as "Smart Flesh". 
The band recently announced plans for a hiatus from touring following its current commitments. An announcement on the band's official website stated, "We know the "Darwin"/"Smart Flesh" material inside and out. [...] Maybe some artists reach this point and become safer, more refined, imitations of themselves. We’re not interested. So, we’ve decided that this upcoming tour will be the last tour of the chapter. The last tour devoted to this material, this incarnation. A final hurrah. A sweet goodbye. The refined completion of three years of work. It's anything you want it to be, but it will be the last for a while. It's not the end. There is no end. But it’s the last one for a while. We have too many unfulfilled ideas in the works to stay out on the road. We’ve got 40+ new songs in the wings. Two very different albums to record. Blueprints for a handful of electro-light sculptures. But it’s going to take some time back home, to turn the page and build a new sound world. To burn the furniture."
Despite the band's announcement of a potential respite from touring, the band continued to tour extensively in support of "Smart Flesh".
On March 16, 2012, the band opened for Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band at the Moody Theatre in Austin, Texas. They also joined him onstage, along with Tom Morello, Jimmy Cliff, Eric Burdon, members of Arcade Fire, Joe Ely, and Alejandro Escovedo, for the show's finale cover of Woody Guthrie's "This Land is Your Land."
"Arcadia" soundtrack and fifth studio album (2012-present).
On February 22, 2012, the band announced that they had recorded a soundtrack album for the forthcoming film, "Arcadia". The band's website stated, "The soundtrack is self-engineered and was recorded in a week. It consists of a few composed songs and harvested sections of epic improvised sessions. It was a new process for us."
The band are currently recording their fifth studio album in an abandoned opera house. In June 2013, The Low Anthem revealed that Jocie Adams had left the band to pursue a solo career under the name Arc Iris. She was replaced by Florence Wallis.
Discography.
Albums.
Under the alter-ego Snake Wagon

</doc>
<doc id="19976102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976102" title="Samungbhagawati">
Samungbhagawati

Samungbhagawati is a village development committee in Tanahu District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7740 people living in 1239 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19976108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976108" title="Satiswara">
Satiswara

Satiswara is a village development committee in Tanahu District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5524 people living in 1162 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19976119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976119" title="Sundhara">
Sundhara

Sundhara is a village development committee in Tanahu District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7242 people living in 1187 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19976122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976122" title="Emil L. Smith">
Emil L. Smith

Emil L. Smith (July 5, 1911 – May 31, 2009) was an American biochemist who studied protein structure and function as well as biochemical evolution.
Initially intending to go into medicine, Smith became interested in biology and organic chemistry during his second year at Columbia University. He earned a B.S. in 1931 and stayed at Columbia to study photosynthesis under Selig Hecht, completing a Ph.D. in biophysics in 1936. In 1938, he went to Cambridge University on a Guggenheim Fellowship to work with David Keilin on the chlorophyll-protein complex. Upon returning to the U.S. during World War II, he took a position at Yale University's Connecticut Agricultural Experiment Station to work with Hubert Bradford Vickery. He joined the lab of eminent protein chemist Max Bergmann at the Rockefeller Institute in 1940, where he worked with a number of important biochemists and began a significant line of research on the intestinal enzyme erepsin.
Between 1942 and 1946, he worked at E. R. Squibb & Sons on the production of human blood products for use in the war. In 1946 he became an associate professor (and ultimately full professor) at the University of Utah. In 1958, Emanuel Margoliash joined his lab and they began working on the peptide sequence of the protein cytochrome c; based on comparisons between cytochrome c from different species, Smith and Margoliash performed some of the earliest work in the field of molecular evolution, applying the idea of the molecular clock to the highly conserved cytochrome c sequence. In 1969, he worked with James Bonner to sequence histone H4 in several species, which was also of significant use in evolutionary studies.
In 1963, he moved to UCLA as Professor and Chair of the Department of Biological Chemistry in the School of Medicine, and became an emeritus professor in 1979.
In 1962, he was elected to the National Academy of Sciences. In 1987, Smith won the Stein-Moore Award of The Protein Society.

</doc>
<doc id="19976123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976123" title="Syamgha">
Syamgha

Syamgha is a village development committee in Tanahu District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5532 people living in 1070 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19976129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976129" title="Povardarie">
Povardarie

Povardarie () is a geographic region in the central part of the Republic of Macedonia, and includes all of the canyons, mountains and valleys through which the river Vardar flows. 

</doc>
<doc id="19976133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976133" title="Tanahunsur">
Tanahunsur

Tanahunsur is a village development committee in Tanahu District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2955 people living in 615 individual households.
References.
There are two peaks at the top of Tanahunsur. We can still observe approximately 200 years old Sen dynasty's old palace area, temples, three canon which is believed to be the birthplace of Prithvi Naryan Shaha's mother.

</doc>
<doc id="19976144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976144" title="Gerhard Menzel">
Gerhard Menzel

Gerhard Menzel (29 September 1894 – 4 May 1966) was a German screenwriter. He wrote for 38 films between 1933 and 1965. He was supported of Nazism and worked for Nazi propaganda. He was responsible for writing the script of Heimkehr, one of the most infamous pieces of Nazi cinema, which featured racism and hateful images of Poles.
He was born in Waldenburg, Lower Silesia, Germany (now Walbrzych, Poland) and died in Comano, Ticino, Switzerland.

</doc>
<doc id="19976147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976147" title="Modern Method Records">
Modern Method Records

Modern Method Records was a record label that helped to document the Boston hardcore scene in the early 80's. Modern Method was an offshoot of the Newbury Comics retail store and also the Boston Rock magazine. The label was located at 268 Newbury ST. in Boston.
Discography.
<TD NOWRAP>

</doc>
<doc id="19976161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976161" title="Vidi Bilu">
Vidi Bilu

Vidi Bilu (born 6 January 1959) is an Israeli film director.
Biography.
Vidi Bilu was born in Jerusalem in 1959. She studied between 1983 and 1985 at the photography department of Hadassah College. She began to study cinema in 1986, at the School of Beit Zvi, and specialised in direction in 1989. The director of many publicity films, and at the same time, editor and producer, she has directed many films, such as "Close to Home" in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="19976162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976162" title="Cohort default rate">
Cohort default rate

A cohort default rate is the percentage of a school's borrowers who enter repayment on certain loans during a federal fiscal year (October 1 to September 30) and default prior to the end of the next one to two fiscal years. The United States Department of Education (ED) releases official cohort default rates once per year.
History of the cohort default rate.
The cohort default rate was initiated in the late 1980s as a way of drawing attention to institutions that were thought to be preying on low-income students who might have trouble re-paying their loans.
There had been a burst of trade schools in cities with large minority populations and 
low-income residents who tried to build enrollment by encouraging academically 
under-qualified students to apply for loans that they would be unlikely to be able to repay, especially if they received a substandard education.
The cohort default rate plan was that institutions with abnormally high default rates would be identified and held accountable for their actions. These institutions would lose access to federal grants and loans after having a cohort default rate that exceeded the national average by 25% for three years, or 40% in one year. The goal was that fraudulent schools would be weeded out and all institutions would be forced to look at student education debt more seriously.
Problems with the cohort default rate.
The idea worked at first, as hundreds of illegitimate trade schools closed. However, some college leaders argued that default rate provisions were endangering legitimate colleges that served low-income students who needed loans to pay for their education. 
Other criticisms have been raised as well. The cohort default rate only tracks a portion of borrowers –- those who default within the first two years of repayment.
Changes.
Changes have been made to address certain criticisms. In 1998, the United States Congress decided to extend the amount of time (from 180 to 270 days) before loans were considered to be in default. Additionally, it takes the government 90 days to pay the insurance claim. That means it takes roughly a full year for a loan to be considered in default, and that’s not including the 6-month grace period before repayment begins.
Then, starting in 2005, Congress began advising colleges to compare the ED’s cohort default rates for their schools with their own records in order to ensure consistency. Schools that find inconsistencies between cohort-default-rate data and their own can challenge the ED’s findings.
Default Prevention Initiatives.
Several new initiatives have arisen to combat high student loan default rates, including an outreach effort by the Department of Education to borrowers struggling to repay their loans, and an interactive financial education platform developed by iGrad, a web-based financial literacy and student loan educator.

</doc>
<doc id="19976175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976175" title="Timothy Christian School (New Jersey)">
Timothy Christian School (New Jersey)

Timothy Christian is a private school in Piscataway, New Jersey for grades K4-12.
The campus of Timothy Christian School, founded in 1949, consists of several buildings, which used to be called Camp Kilmer. The school is an "interdenominational evangelical independent school that is fully accredited by ACSI and Middle States," schooling Kindergarten through 12th grade. Staff and faculty focus on academic excellence, athletic improvement, and spiritual growth.

</doc>
<doc id="19976185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976185" title="Class 23">
Class 23

The Class 23 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19976206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976206" title="Disciples of the 36 Chambers">
Disciples of the 36 Chambers

Disciples of the 36 Chambers is a live album and concert DVD released in 2004 by the Wu-Tang Clan. The album is styled "Chapter 1" and the DVD "Chapter 2". It is a slightly edited recording of their set at the 2004 Rock the Bells concert in San Bernardino, California. The live set contains many classic hits from the group's albums as well as the individual members' solo albums. All nine original members perform, which by the time of this show was an increasingly rare event. Even the elusive Ol' Dirty Bastard appears. He would die from a drug overdose by the end of the year. Including all of the solo albums by individual members, "Disciples of the 36 Chambers: Chapter 1" is the 36th album released.

</doc>
<doc id="19976213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976213" title="Voluntary Flexible Agreement">
Voluntary Flexible Agreement

The Voluntary Flexible Agreement (VFA) was created by the United States Congress in 1998 during a reauthorization of the Higher Education Act of 1965. The VFA enables Federal Family Education Loan Program (FFELP) guarantors to develop programs and techniques to help borrowers avoid student-loan default and all of its negative consequences. The VFA objective is experimentation for the purpose of finding the best practices, collecting long-term data, and sharing results in order to determine what benefits schools, students, the federal government, and the American taxpayer. 
New Methods.
The VFA allows for the development of new methods for debt management and default prevention. Previously, the guarantor financing model was more focused on default collection. Approximately 60 percent of a loan guarantor’s revenue was generated from the collection of defaulted loans, with less than 10 percent coming from default prevention and zero percent coming from delinquency prevention. Under the VFA, focus shifted to proactive delinquency, which means to stop repayment problems before they begin.
“First Generation” VFAs.
Originally, the government entered into a VFA with only four guarantors. The “first generation” VFA organizations are American Student Assistance (ASA), California Student Aid Commission/EDFUND, Great Lakes Higher Education Guaranty Corporation (Great Lakes) and Texas Guaranteed Student Loan Corporation (TG). Before the first VFA, the federal student loan program existed for nearly 40 years without any definitive data on what prevents delinquency and default. Since the approval of the first generation VFAs, the following has been realized:
The First Generation VFAs found that preventing delinquency is key in preventing default. Studies conducted by the First Generation VFAs found that educating students early and often about student loan repayment is an effective way to prevent late payments. Each guarantor invested in training programs to enhance its counselors’ telephone skills. Counselors became more familiar with default prevention goals and learned appropriate strategies for resolving underlying causes of borrower delinquency. Best practice found that the best time to intervene is during the six-month grace period after a student graduates, withdraws, or drops below half-time attendance in school.
Consequences of Defaulting on a Loan.
After a loan has been in default for 270 days (meaning no payment has been made) and the loan agency is unable to collect the loan, the loan is turned over to the state’s guarantor. The loan may become “accelerated,” meaning the entire balance will be due in a single payment. The following steps may be taken in order to collect the loan. The United States Department of the Treasury may offset federal and/or state tax refunds. The Department may also require an employer to garnish 15% of disposable employee pay to be put toward repayment of the loan. Additional collection costs may be assessed. Legal action may be taken against the defaulted borrower. And finally, the credit bureau may be notified, resulting in a damaged credit rating. 
Options for Defaulted Borrowers.
Through the VFA proposal, borrowers who previously defaulted on their loans are able to enter a rehabilitation process and clean up their credit reports. In the loan rehabilitation process, borrowers can reverse their delinquent status by making nine voluntary, on-time, consecutive payments. Borrowers can also get assistance in 
re-establishing eligibility for federal student aid.
References.
[http://www.amsa.com American Student Assistance. Voluntary Flexible Agreement Report 2007. © 2007.
[http://www.ed.gov/offices/OSFAP/DCS/default.html Federal Student Aid. Retrieved on October 8, 2008.
[http://www.usafunds.org/news/13jul2004/upd071304a.html USA Funds Education Access Report. Retrieved on October 3, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19976215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976215" title="Dangui">
Dangui

"Dang'ui" () is a type of upper garment for women in hanbok, Korean traditional clothing, which was worn for ceremonial occasions during the Joseon Dynasty. It was worn as a simple official outfit or for small national ceremonies while court ladies wore it as a daily garment. "Dangui" was also called "dang-jeogori" (당저고리), "dang-jeoksam" (당적삼), or "dang-hansam" (당한삼). 
Origin.
It is theorised "dangui" dates back to the Korean Three Kingdoms period (57 BC - 668 AD) when a clothing system of China was introduced to Korea. The letter, "dang" () refers to Chinese Tang Dynasty (618 – 907), so "dangui" may have been adapted from its clothing along with other ceremonial robes such as "hwarot" and "wonsam". Whether the theory is probable or not, it is certain that "dangui" was worn during the Joseon period, based on historical documents and remains. The scholar, Yi Jae (李縡 1680 ∼ 1746) mentioned "dangui" in his book, "Sarye pyeollam" (literally "Easy Manual of the Four Rites") which defines four important rites based on Confucianism. In the chapter, "Gwallyejo" (冠禮條) on coming-of-age ceremonies, "samja" (衫子) is commonly called "dangui" and its length reaches to the knees and its sleeves are narrow. It is also a woman's "sangbok" (常服), daily garments when working.
Features.
The queen consort, the king’s concubines, "sanggung" (court matron), and "yangban" women (nobility) wore the garment over a short jacket called "jeogori". According to color, there were yellowish green, purple, navy, and white-colored "dangui" and others, but yellowish green colored one was the most commonly worn "dangui" during the time. 
In addition, "dangui" can be divided into two types depending on its layer; a double layered "dangui" ("gyeop-dangui" 겹당의), and a single layered one ("hot-dangui", 홑당의). The former was usually worn during winter while the single layered "dangui" which is also called "dang-jeoksam" or "dang-hansam" was worn for summer. As the Queen wore a white dangui made of a single fabric the day before the Dano festival which falls on the 5th day of the fifth month of the lunar calendar, every women at court followed to change their clothing to the single layered one the next day. Likewise, when the Queen began to wear a double layered dangui the day before Chuseok which celebrates on every 15th day of August in the lunar calendar, all women in the palace changed their clothing to the double layered dangui the next day.
The characteristics of "dangui" is to emphasize the beauty of hanbok’s curvy lines. The form of dangui is similar to that of "jeogori", the length of both the front and back which reach to the knees is triple to that of jeogori. Sleeves of dangui are narrow. The side seams are open to the armpit, and the hem is curved. When making a "dangui" with a yellowish green fabric, the color for the inner fabric and for "goreum" (고름, ribbons at chest) is red and purple respectively. Two "goreum" are attached at the left side of "git" (깃), a fabric band of that trims the collar while one short "goreum" is at the git’s right side. At the end of the sleeves of "dangui" is "geodeulji", a kind of white patch attached.
The "dangui" for women at court strictly represented the wearer’s rank, whereas the "dangui" for commoners was not allowed to have any style used for the former. The dangui for the Queen, princesses or other royalty, "geumbak" (gold leaf) patterns were decorated from the shoulder part through the end of the sleeves, as well as the front and back side, and "goreum". In geumbak patterns, flower or bat illustrations or Hanja referring to longevity ("su", ), fortune ("bok", ), or double happiness ("hui", ) were used. For the Queen, phoenix patterns were used. When "dangui" was worn as a wedding dress, the bride wore it over a "chima" (a wrapping skirt) and "jeogori". The wearer also put a "hwagwan" (a coronet) on the head, attached a "norigae" (노리개), a type of accessory to the "goreum", and wore a pair of shoes made of silk. It is easy to wear and neat, so "dangui" was one of commonly worn wedding clothing among commoners during the Joseon Dynasty.

</doc>
<doc id="19976221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976221" title="Dragomance">
Dragomance

Dragomance () is a village in the Municipality of Staro Nagoričane, in the northern part of the Republic of Macedonia. Today the village has a population of 133 people, from which 124 are Macedonians and 9 are Serbs.

</doc>
<doc id="19976224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976224" title="Student loan guarantor">
Student loan guarantor

A guarantor is a person or agency that agrees to pay someone else’s debt should he or she default on a loan. In the case of student loans in the United States, the government guarantees the federal loans that students borrow. Federal student loans are a much lower risk when compared to other unsecured loans, partly because they are extended from a lending institution under the guarantee of the Federal government. Loan guarantors are state-run or private organizations in charge of administering the Federal Family Education Loan Program (FFELP), which subsidizes participating student lenders. Borrowers generally pay a 1% default fee that is collected after each disbursement to the guarantee agency in order to cover the costs of insuring the loan, though some agencies will waive this fee.
Guarantors and credit.
Student loan applicants generally use a guarantor if they feel they will be unable or unwilling to secure a loan on their own (for example, if the applicant has poor credit or no credit history).
The use of a guarantor does not mean that a loan application will be approved automatically, for the guarantor is considered part of the loan application and its credit will be evaluated with the other applicants. If the lending institution feels that the guarantor will not be able to pay back the debt, the loan will not be approved.
Multiple guarantors.
In a case where there are multiple guarantors, usually each party is responsible for the entire amount of the debt. If a borrower defaults on a student loan, the guarantee agency will pay the lending institution most of the remaining loan balance. If a guarantor is forced to pay for a student loan default, they are responsible for collecting the remaining balance from the borrower.

</doc>
<doc id="19976234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976234" title="Dutch Heinrichs">
Dutch Heinrichs

Henry D. Neuman or Neumann (fl. 1860–1874) was a German-born American burglar, bank robber and gang leader known as Dutch Heinrichs. A member of Chauncey Johnson's burglary gang during the late 1860s, he was also the founder of the Hell's Kitchen Gang which terrorized West Manhattan for over two decades.
Biography.
Early life and criminal career.
Born Henry D. Neuman in northern Germany, he immigrated to New York with his family as a child. Having a respectable middle class upbringing, it is unknown motivations led him to pursue a criminal career. He was involved in petty theft as a teenager, referred to as "The Flying Dutchman", and was associated with the Greenthals and the Mandlebaums. In 1860, he was arrested after stealing a watch from a man at the corner of Broadway and Canal Street, presumably his first criminal act, for which he was convicted and spent two years in New York State Prison. During his time in prison, he became friends with noted bond robber Chauncey Johnson and joined his gang upon his release. He eventually became his chief lieutenant and was involved in numerous robberies with the gang including $16,000 from the Adam Express Company, $21,000 from the Vesey Street robbery and, most notably, the theft of $1,000,000 in bonds from industrialist Rufus L. Lord. Other participants in the robbery included Jack Tierney and Hod Ennis.
In 1865, he was charged with stealing two bags of gold worth $10,000 from the Bank of Commerce as well as a later robbery in Philadelphia but was acquitted in both cases. On March 6, 1866, he attempted to steal a package from the Broadway Bank containing a $2,283 deposit, but was caught by passersby as he exited the bank. In June 1867, he appeared in court three months later and pled guilty to grand larceny.
Although Heinrichs earned a substantial sum from his criminal activities, he usually gambled it away as soon as he earned it. On one occasion, he was said to have lost $23,000 after a major bank robbery. Once night in 1867 however, he walked into a Chatham Street faro parlor with $3 and ended up walking out with $5,000 and broke the bank. He later married the sister of sportsman, gambler and sometime confidence man Tom Davis.
Hell's Kitchen Gang.
In 1868, Heinrichs organized the Hell's Kitchen Gang whose members committed street muggings and petty theft in the areas between Eighth Avenue and Thirty-Fourth Street. He later joined with Ike Marsh and the Tenth Avenue Gang launching a campaign against the Hudson River Railroad which included extortion, breaking and entering, destruction of railroad property and armed robbery. Both Heinrichs and Marsh co-led the gang until Henrich began facing legal problems during the early 1870s.
Imprisonment and later years.
On January 15, 1870, shortly after his release from Blackwell's Island, Heinrichs and three ""well-dressed, gentleman looking"" men appeared at several Uptown Manhattan banks including the Bleecker Street Savings Bank, Manhattan Bank and the East River Bank among others but quickly left as soon as they were spotted by bank officials. They eventually gave up took a downtown trolley car where they disappeared.
On February 14, 1872, two unidentified men stole $33,000 in bonds belonging to the New London and Ashland Railroads from the banking firm of J.S. Kennedy & Sons at their Cedar Street office. Information provided by a private detective led to Heinrichs' arrest and the investigation was taken over by Wall Street detectives. Central Office detectives came to his defense claiming Heinrichs had been held in custody at the time the robbery occurred. He had been suspected of stealing a watch from C. Godfrey Gunther, former Mayor of New York, however the gang leader's evidence was refused at trial. Convicted of grand larceny, he was sentenced to ten years imprisonment.
Initially sent to New York State Prison, he was sent to The Tombs eight months later. Heinrichs soon began exhibiting signs of extreme violence and paranoia while in prison. On September 24, 1872, he attacked his cellmate Jacob Rosenzweig believing he was spying on him. He reportedly did not recognize his lawyers when they came to visit him. His council successfully appealed to the Supreme Court for a retrial. As a result of the court's review of his case, a precedent was set in state criminal law that ""when a party on trial avails himself of the recent statute allowing an accused to be a witness on his own behalf, he is not disqualified to testify by reason of a former conviction or felony"". On May 7, 1873, officials announced that Heinrichs would be committed to the insane asylum at Wards Island.

</doc>
<doc id="19976255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976255" title="Kirill Veselov">
Kirill Veselov

Kirill Veselov is a Russian ski-orienteering competitor and world champion. He won a gold medal in the "relay event" at the World Ski Orienteering Championships in Moscow in 2007, together with Andrei Gruzdev and Eduard Khrennikov, and received a silver medal in the "long course" and a bronze medal in the "middle distance".

</doc>
<doc id="19976268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976268" title="Sexuality (Edyta Górniak song)">
Sexuality (Edyta Górniak song)

“Sexuality” is a 2006 single by Mathplanete featuring Edyta Górniak.
Background.
The song wasn't released on any album. The single was released in Poland only. The single cover includes pictures which were made by photographer Tomek Drzewiński for the Playboy Magazine.
Tracklisting.
The maxi single includes a video:

</doc>
<doc id="19976285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976285" title="Ian MacLean">
Ian MacLean

Ian MacLean (born August 13, 1966 in Paisley, Scotland) is a former footballer.
Club career.
MacLean played for Seattle Storm, Portland Timbers, Bristol Rovers, Cardiff City and Rotherham United.
International career.
Although born in Scotland, MacLean has represented Canada 3 times. His international debut was against Portugal in a SkyDome Cup match in Toronto on January 26, 1995, in a 1-1 draw, playing for 45 minutes. On June 4, 1995, he played for 30 minutes in a friendly which Turkey won 3-1. On August 3, 1995, MacLean made his third and final appearance for the national side in a 3-1 win over Trinidad and Tobago in a Caribana Cup match, also in Toronto.

</doc>
<doc id="19976291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976291" title="Hacheston Halt railway station">
Hacheston Halt railway station

Hacheston Halt railway station was a station located in Hacheston, Suffolk situated on the Framlingham Branch.
The branch was opened in 1859, but Hacheston Halt was not opened until 1922 in an attempt by the Great Eastern Railway to improve the passenger receipts on the branch. This was a very basic station and did not even possess a platform so passengers had to use a ladder to get on and off the trains that called at the station.
The station was served by trains that operated between Framlingham and Wickham Market operated by the Great Eastern Railway until 1922, the London and North Eastern Railway (1923 to 1947) and British Railways until the withdrawal of passenger services in November 1952.

</doc>
<doc id="19976296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976296" title="Theodor Danegger">
Theodor Danegger

Theodor Danegger (31 August 1891 – 11 October 1959) was an Austrian film actor. He appeared in 73 films between 1932 and 1959.
He was born in Lienz, Austria and died in Vienna, Austria.

</doc>
<doc id="19976313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976313" title="Scoil Chonglais">
Scoil Chonglais

Scoil Chonglais is a secondary school situated in Baltinglass, Co. Wicklow. It is owned and run by County Wicklow Vocational Education Committee (VEC). 

</doc>
<doc id="19976329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976329" title="Club de Radioexperimentadores de Nicaragua">
Club de Radioexperimentadores de Nicaragua

The Club de Radioexperimentadores de Nicaragua (CREN) (n English, Nicaraguan Radio Experimenters Club) is a national non-profit organization for amateur radio enthusiasts in Nicaragua. Key membership benefits of the CREN include a QSL bureau for those amateur radio operators in regular communications with other amateur radio operators in foreign countries, and a network to support amateur radio emergency communications. CREN represents the interests of Nicaraguan amateur radio operators before Nicaraguan and international regulatory authorities. CREN is the national member society representing Nicaragua in the International Amateur Radio Union.

</doc>
<doc id="19976332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976332" title="Federal Correctional Institution, Fort Worth">
Federal Correctional Institution, Fort Worth

The Federal Correctional Institution (FCI Fort Worth) is a low-security United States federal prison for male inmates located in the city of Fort Worth, Texas. It is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons, a division of the United States Department of Justice.
FCI Fort Worth is located approximately 40 miles west of Dallas, Texas.
Notable incidents.
In February 2012, Michele O'Neal, a correction officer at the facility, resigned after being charged with sexual abuse of a ward for engaging in a consensual sexual relationship with an inmate at the facility, whom the Federal Bureau of Prisons did not identify. O'Neal pleaded guilty in July and faces two to three years in federal prison when she is sentenced in October.
In October 2012, inmate Phillip Monroe Ballard, 71, was charged with soliciting the murder-for-hire of U.S. District Judge John McBryde from FCI Fort Worth. The indictment alleges that Ballard, who was scheduled to go on trial for tax charges before Judge McBryde, approached another inmate about killing Judge McBryde because Ballard believed that McBryde would sentence him to 20 years in prison. The inmate reported Ballard's statement to prison officials and began working as a confidential source for the FBI. The inmate told Ballard that he knew a man on the outside who would do it, upon which Ballard offered to pay the inmate $100,000 in cash and provided him with detailed instructions, such as how it could be done with a high-powered rifle and scope, and even provided a contingency plan of planting a bomb in the judge’s vehicle to the inmate. The inmate gave Ballard a handwritten letter from an undercover agent posing as the “killer,” which included contact information and notice that the “work” would be completed upon receipt of $5,000. Ballard called the undercover agent four times on September 26, 2012, and the following day, Ballard directed that the $5,000 payment be sent to the address provided by the undercover agent. Ballard's case is pending.

</doc>
<doc id="19976333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976333" title="Mesut Bakkal">
Mesut Bakkal

Mesut Bakkal (born 19 March 1964) is a Turkish football manager and former midfielder who played for Denizlispor and has managed Gaziantepspor and Gençlerbirliği S.K. He is the current head coach of Konyaspor.
Career.
Born in Kırıkkale, Bakkal began playing football for local side Kırıkkalespor. He would later play for Denizlispor, Afyonspor and İzmirspor before retiring from active play in 1994.
After his playing career ended, Bakkal became a football manager. He resigned as Gençlerbirliği's manager for the 2nd time in his career, on 3 November 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19976340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976340" title="Liene Jansone">
Liene Jansone

Liene Jansone (born 22 May 1981 in Riga) is a Latvian women's basketball player who has most recently played for the Tarsus Belediyesi of the Turkish Women's Basketball League and is member of the Latvian national team. She is a tall power forward.
Both of her parents were basketball coaches and her younger sister, Līga, is a former basketball player. Jansone started playing at professional level in 1997, in the local TTT/Rīga team.
She played in Siena Saints NCAA team from 2000 until 2004. Jansone eventually became one of the teams leaders. In her first year, the team won NCAA Conference. Jansone was named the Most Valuable Player. Since then she has played in Europe.
Jansone is member of the Latvian national team. Prior to playing at senior level, she played at under-18 and under-20 level. She made her senior debut on 6 August 2005. Jansone has represented Latvia at several Eurobasket Women (2005, 2007, 2009, 2011) and at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="19976353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976353" title="Andrea Righi">
Andrea Righi

Andrea Righi (born December 14, 1979) is a retired freestyle swimmer from Italy, who was a specialist in the long-distance events. He is best known for winning three medals at the 1999 Summer Universiade in Palma de Mallorca, Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="19976363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976363" title="Keita, Niger">
Keita, Niger

Keita is a town and commune in Niger, 600 kilometres north-east of the national capital, Niamey. It is the capital of Keita Department, within the Tahoua Region, with a population of 8,600 (2001).
The town is in the semi-arid Sahel, and is threatened by famine.

</doc>
<doc id="19976371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976371" title="Joep van den Ouweland">
Joep van den Ouweland

Joep van den Ouweland (born February 6, 1984 in Gilze en Rijen) is a Dutch footballer, currently playing for Eerste Divisie side FC Oss.

</doc>
<doc id="19976392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976392" title="Marlesford railway station">
Marlesford railway station

Marlesford railway station was a station located in Marlesford, Suffolk. It closed in 1952.
The station was served by trains that operated between Framlingham and Wickham Market operated by the Great Eastern Railway until 1922, the London and North Eastern Railway (1923 and 1947) and British Railways until the withdrawal of passenger services in November 1952.
As of 2008, the station building still exists and is clearly visible from the A12.

</doc>
<doc id="19976422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976422" title="Reinhard Kolldehoff">
Reinhard Kolldehoff

Reinhard Kolldehoff (29 April 1914 – 18 November 1995) was a German film actor. He appeared in 140 films between 1941 and 1988.
He was born and died in Berlin, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="19976443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976443" title="Red and White">
Red and White

Red and White may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19976444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976444" title="Icarus at the Edge of Time">
Icarus at the Edge of Time

Icarus at the Edge of Time is a 2008 novella by physicist Brian Greene, illustrated by Chip Kidd with images from the Hubble Space Telescope.
Plot introduction.
The book is a science fiction retelling of Icarus' tale. It is about a young man who runs away from his traveling, deep-space home to explore a black hole.
Reception.
"Publishers Weekly" review said, "Attractive on the shelf as both contemporary and science-focused, it is exactly what the author is trying to accomplish with his re-told fable, as well as a fine treatment of already beautiful imagery; not a lot of pushing and pulling is needed." A Trashotron review said, "fiction space opera as well as a new kind of children's book. It really does hold up with an appeal for anyone who is interested in science, storytelling or fathers and sons. That might add up to a sizable audience. They'll be well-rewarded, and it's good that the book can withstand multiple readings. It will get read and re-read; it is, after all, a myth." Booklist in their review called the novel "clever, charming, and mind-expanding, the perfect vehicle for conveying the astonishingly supple nature of space, time, and the human mind." 
Film adaptation.
In 2010 "Icarus at the Edge of Time" was made into a film by British filmmakers AL and AL. It was written by physicist Brian Greene and playwright David Henry Hwang, with a score by Philip Glass, and narrated by LeVar Burton.

</doc>
<doc id="19976453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976453" title="Old Collier County Courthouse">
Old Collier County Courthouse

The Old Collier County Courthouse is a historic two-story concrete and stucco courthouse building located in Everglades, Florida. Designed in the Classical Revival style, it was built in 1926 by Barron Collier, who developed Collier County and for whom the county was named. In 1962, the county seat was moved to East Naples and a new courthouse complex was built there. The building later served as the Everglades City Hall.
In 1989, the Old Collier County Courthouse was listed in "A Guide to Florida's Historic Architecture," published by the University Press of Florida. The courthouse was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on December 3, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19976490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976490" title="Merry Christmas (Glen Campbell album)">
Merry Christmas (Glen Campbell album)

Merry Christmas is a compilation of Christmas songs that originally appeared on "That Christmas Feeling" (1968), "Oh Happy Day" (1970), "The Christmas Sound of Music" (1969) and "The Night Before Christmas" (1984).

</doc>
<doc id="19976498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976498" title="Richard Dugas Jr.">
Richard Dugas Jr.

Richard Dugas Jr. (born April 4, 1965 in Lafayette, Louisiana) is the CEO of Pulte Homes. He attended Louisiana State University for four years. He then worked for Exxon, and after that, moved on to Pepsi. A while later, he left Pepsi and went to work for Pulte Homes in Georgia. He was there for a few years when he got promoted to Chief Operating Officer. A year or two later, he became the CEO of Pulte homes. He is one of the youngest CEOs. He is still married to his 1st and only wife. He has 3 daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="19976503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976503" title="Teodor Brateş">
Teodor Brateş

Teodor Brateş was a Romanian radio (1949–1958) and television journalist (1960–1990). He received a Ph.D. in Economics. Brateş was the assistant chief editor of the Romanian Public Television News Department during the last years of Nicolae Ceauşescu's regime.
Works.
"Teodor Brateş, Explozia unei clipe. O zi in studioul 4" (English: "The Explosion of Moments, a Day in Studio 4"), 22 December 1989 (Bucuresti, Scripta, 1992); "Trilogia Revoluţiei Române în Direct" (English: Trilogy of the Romanian Revolution), 3 volumes, 1500 pg., ed. Ager-Economistul, 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="19976535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976535" title="Early Recordings">
Early Recordings

Early Recordings may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19976537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976537" title="Cormier">
Cormier

Cormier (; ) may refer to:
In people:
In places:

</doc>
<doc id="19976543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976543" title="Walter Ladengast">
Walter Ladengast

Walter Ladengast (4 July 1899 – 3 July 1980) was an Austrian film actor. He appeared in 72 films between 1928 and 1979.
He was born in Vienna, Austria and died in Munich, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="19976571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976571" title="Iva Janžurová">
Iva Janžurová

Iva Janžurová (born May 19, 1941 in Žirovnice near Pelhřimov) is a Czech actress. She attended grammar school in České Budějovice, but her love to theatre won after all and in 1963 she graduated from the Faculty of Theatre of the Academy of Performing Arts in Prague. In 1964 she became the main member of the Vinohrady Theatre and since 1988 she has been a member of The Drama Club in Prague.
She has appeared in many films such as "Což takhle dát si špenát" (What Would You Say to Some Spinach?), "Marečku, podejte mi pero!" ("Marecek, Pass Me the Pen!") and famous series "Hospital at the End of the City".
In 1998 and 2002 she was awarded Czech Lion.

</doc>
<doc id="19976579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976579" title="Martin D. Ginsburg">
Martin D. Ginsburg

Martin David Ginsburg (June 10, 1932 – June 27, 2010) was an internationally renowned taxation law expert. He was a Professor of Law at Georgetown University Law Center in Washington, D.C. and of counsel to the law firm Fried, Frank, Harris, Shriver & Jacobson.
Early life and education.
Ginsburg was born to Morris and Evelyn (Bayer) Ginsburg and grew up on Long Island. His father was a department store executive. Ginsburg earned an A.B. from Cornell University (1953) and a J.D. ("magna cum laude") from Harvard Law School (1958). He was a star on Cornell's golf team. Ginsburg finished a year at law school and married Ruth Joan Bader after her graduation from Cornell. That same year, Ginsburg, an ROTC Officer in the Army Reserve, was called up for active duty, and stationed at Fort Sill, Oklahoma. Ginsburg exploited his undergraduate training in chemistry to learn to cook — his new wife's limited culinary skills encouraged it. Ginsburg returned to law school and his wife entered HLS (1956). During his third year at law school, he endured two operations and radiation therapy to treat testicular cancer.
Career.
After law school, Ginsburg joined Weil, Gotshal & Manges (1958). He was admitted to the bar in New York (1959) and District of Columbia (1980).
Ginsburg taught at New York University Law School (1960s), and was a visiting professor at Stanford Law School (1977–1978), Harvard Law School (1985–1986), University of Chicago Law School (1989–1990), and at NYU (1992–1993). He was a tenured professor at Columbia Law School (Beekman Professor of Law) (1979–1980), and at Georgetown (1980–2010).
Ginsburg's firm represented H. Ross Perot in a business matter, and the two men became friends (1971). After President Jimmy Carter nominated his wife to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit (1980), Ginsburg reached out to Perot and other influential friends to assure her Senate confirmation. Ginsburg resolved complex tax questions that threatened General Motors's acquisition (1984) of Perot's Electronic Data Systems. Perot endowed (1986) the Martin Ginsburg chair in taxation at Georgetown Law Center, but Ginsburg never filled that appointment.
Personal life.
Ginsburg married future Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader June 23, 1954; they are the parents of Jane Carol Ginsburg (born 1955, HLS 1980), and James Steven Ginsburg (born 1965).
Once each term, he cooked a meal for his wife's clerks.
Death.
Ginsburg died from cancer on June 27, 2010. He was buried at Arlington National Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="19976588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976588" title="Tsuguo Hongo">
Tsuguo Hongo

Hongo entered the Department of Biology at what is now Hiroshima University in 1943, where he studied botany until graduating in 1946 with a B.Sc.
Hongo received his Ph.D degree, entitled "Agaricales of Japan", from Kyoto University in 1961 while working under Dr. Shiro Kitamura. 
He was president of the Mycological Society of Japan from 1987 to 1989. In 2003 he was awarded the Minakata Kumagusu Award for contributions to mycology. Hongo published more than 130 scientific papers and 9 books. He also described 215 new taxa of Agaricales from a variety of locations.

</doc>
<doc id="19976594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976594" title="Hrvatska revija">
Hrvatska revija

Hrvatska revija ( or HR) is a Croatian quarterly published by Matica hrvatska (MH) based in Zagreb.
The magazine's original run lasted between 1928 and 1945 when it was published by MH and during which it became a renowned literary and cultural magazine. However, this came to an abrupt end in 1945 as the magazine was banned by the Yugoslav communist authorities following the end of World War II.
In 1951 it was re-established abroad in Buenos Aires, Argentina by Croatian émigrés Vinko Nikolić and Antun Bonifačić. Apart from literary pieces, the magazine started publishing memoir and travel writing as well as nonfiction. In 1966 the magazine moved to Europe and was published for a time in Paris, and then in Munich, before settling in Barcelona. During this time the magazine developed a following in the Croat émigré community and became one of its two most widely read magazines, along with the largely news-oriented bi-weekly "Nova Hrvatska" ("New Croatia") based in London.
Following the breakup of Yugoslavia and Croatia's independence in 1991, the its long-time editor Vinko Nikolić returned to Zagreb and the magazine began to be published by Matica hrvatska (which itself had been banned between 1971 and 1990). However, the magazine's popularity rapidly dwindled in the 1990s. In 2001 MH's quarterly "Kolo" took on the role as the institution's flagship literary magazine, while "Hrvatska revija" changed focus and began to be centered around articles covering various aspects of Croatian history, travelogues, Croatian communities abroad and occasionally opinion pieces. The magazine also changed its visual identity which was more in line with the original 1930s design and restarted its numeration.

</doc>
<doc id="19976603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976603" title="Vehicle registration plates of Mozambique">
Vehicle registration plates of Mozambique

Mozambique requires its residents to register their motor vehicles and display vehicle registration plates both at the rear and front of the vehicle. Mozambique still uses the same design number plates used during the colonial period and are the same as Portuguese plates before 1992 but for a preceding 'M'.
Although there is some variation as plates are self-provided, most are white-on-black both front and back.
The two letters after the 'M' denote the district.
References.
Licence Plates of Mozambique

</doc>
<doc id="19976617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976617" title="The Ball of Count Orgel">
The Ball of Count Orgel

The Ball of Count Orgel () is a French film from 1970. It was the last film directed by Marc Allégret, who was also the producer of this film. It was screened at the 1970 Cannes Film Festival, but wasn't entered into the main competition.
Plot.
Based on Raymond Radiguet's book of the same name, posthumously published in 1924, the film concerns a ball hosted by the Comte d'Orgel (). 
Set in 1920, the Comte hosts a soirée and dance for the upper echelons of Parisian society. One of the guests is a handsome young man named François de Séryeuse (played by Bruno Garcin), who during the course of the ball falls in love with the Comte's wife, Comtesse Mahé (played by Sylvie Fennec). 
The Comtesse alerts her husband (the Comte), but he dismisses it, seeing de Séryeuse as childish and common. However, Mahé falls for François, and faints with passion on stage during a performance of The Tempest with François. Mahé continues to dream about him, however she is confined in her marriage.

</doc>
<doc id="19976629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976629" title="Mountain West–Missouri Valley Challenge">
Mountain West–Missouri Valley Challenge

The Mountain West – Missouri Valley Challenge was an in-season NCAA college basketball series, matching up teams from the Mountain West Conference and the Missouri Valley Conference. The series began in November 2009 and featured all of the MWC teams against most of the MVC teams.
The two conferences agreed to a four-year deal, extending the challenge through 2012. The challenge was not extended beyond its original term and ended after 2012.
The MVC–MWC Challenge occurred from late November through December. The games were hosted by each of the schools. The first two series had nine games played each year, leaving one team from the 10-team Missouri Valley Conference without an opponent. In 2011, only eight games were played, leaving two teams from the Missouri Valley Conference without an opponent.
Results.
2009.
Notes: Evansville, by virtue of finishing the 2007–08 MVC regular season in 10th place, did not participate in the 2009 Challenge.
2010.
Note: Northern Iowa is the only MVC team that is 2-0 in the challenge through 2 years.

</doc>
<doc id="19976631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976631" title="Milivoje Trbić">
Milivoje Trbić

Milivoje Trbić - Vojće was the son of the Chetnik voivoda Vasilije Trbić. During the Second World War, he was sent by the HQ of the Yugoslav Army in the Fatherland in the Prilep area of Macedonia in order to organize Chetnik detachments. He was leader of the Porech Chetnik forces during WW2.

</doc>
<doc id="19976636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976636" title="Erni Mangold">
Erni Mangold

Erni Mangold (sometimes "Ernie" or "Erna;" born as Erna Goldmann on 25 January 1927) is an Austrian actress and stage director. Since 1948, she had appeared in more than 75 films and TV productions.
Life.
Goldmann was born into a family of artists. The father was a painter, whilst her mother, who was likely to become a successful concert pianist, resigned to her career in favour of her family. She had piano lessons from age 4–14.
After being trained at "Helmut Kraus's" Drama School, Erni Mangold performed from 1946 to 1956 at Vienna's Theater in der Josefstadt. From 1955 to 1963, Gustaf Gründgens engaged her for Deutsches Schauspielhaus in Hamburg, afterwards she appeared at the Düsseldorfer Schauspielhaus under Karl Heinz Stroux. From 1972, she worked at Salzburg Mozarteum, later she taught in the "Helmut Kraus's" Drama School and at the Max Reinhardt Seminar, and from 1984 to 1995 she was professor at University of Music and Performing Arts, Vienna.
From 1958 to 1978, she was married to German actor Heinz Reincke. One of her best-known roles was the mistress of Hanussen, in the 1955 movie of the same title.
Erni Mangold lives, as of 2011, in Sankt Leonhard am Hornerwald, a little town in Waldviertel, Lower Austria. 
In 2011 she published her memoirs, titled ""Lassen Sie mich in Ruhe"" which might be translated by colloquial ""Get off my back!"".
Literature.
Erni Mangold: "Lassen Sie mich in Ruhe - Erinnerungen." Aufgezeichnet von Doris Priesching. Amalthea 2011, 288 S., ISBN 978-3-85002-766-3

</doc>
<doc id="19976642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976642" title="Lotus Mark IX">
Lotus Mark IX

The Lotus Mark IX (1955) was an aluminium-bodied sports racing car manufactured by Lotus Engineering Ltd.. About thirty of the Mark IX sports racing cars were made. It was closely related to the Lotus model Mark VIII (1954), of which only about seven cars were made. These cars were largely based on the innovative space frame of the Lotus Mark VI (1952). The highly aerodynamic bodies were designed by Frank Costin and constructed by Williams & Pritchard Limited. 
During this early era, of 1954–1955, Lotus Engineering was still a fledgling company, and cars were delivered in different states of completion on special orders. Similar to the Mark VIII, the Mark IX was available in various configurations and different engines, including the 1500 cc MG, 1500 cc Connaught and 2-litre Bristol were fitted. However, the Mark IX designation is most often powered by the 1100 cc Coventry Climax engine. Apparently two models of Mark IX were offered – the "Club" and the "Le Mans", the latter of which had larger drum brakes fitted.
The chassis of the Mark IX was a new design, compared to that of the Mark VIII. Both were space frames of welded steel tube. The new chassis was an advance over the Mark VIII in terms of the efficiency of its design and avoiding the VIII's need for diaphragm-stiffening panels. However both chassis still used an over-sized lower rail of tube, a hang-over from the original design of the first Mark VI space frame. Compared to the Mark VIII, the Mark IX was shortened somewhat to a wheelbase of , and the body itself was about shorter than that of the Mark VIII.
A total of about thirty of the Mark IX sports racing cars were produced in various forms, and these were successfully raced in both Europe and the US. The first two examples of the Mark IX were apparently delivered to the US with the 1100 cc Coventry Climax engine to compete in the 1955 running of the 12 Hours of Sebring race and were beaten by a Porsche Spyder. These cars were actually entered as Lotus Mark VIII models in the G class by Frank Miller of Larchmont, NY and by Bobby Burns and Norman J. Scott of Houston TX in, respectively, car numbers 78 and 79. The Lotus Works Team entered at least one Mark IX in the Le Mans 24 hour race in 1955, driven by Chapman, which may have been equipped with disc brakes. However, the car was disqualified apparently due to his reversing the car to re-enter the race track after going off course.

</doc>
<doc id="19976647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976647" title="Ambrose Weekes">
Ambrose Weekes

Ambrose Walter Marcus Weekes CB FKC (25 April 1919–24 April 2012) was an Anglican bishop in the 20th century.
Weekes was educated at King's College, London. After ordination he was a wartime chaplain with the RNVR then rose through the Royal Navy to become Chaplain of the Fleet, with the title of Archdeacon of the Royal Navy, after which he was Dean of Gibraltar and then its first suffragan bishop. He died, aged 92, in London.

</doc>
<doc id="19976650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976650" title="The Adelphi">
The Adelphi

The Adelphi or New Adelphi was an English literary journal founded by John Middleton Murry and published between 1923 and 1955. The first issue appeared in June 1922, with issues published monthly thereafter. Between August 1927 and September 1930 it was renamed the "New Adelphi" and issued quarterly. Murry was editor until 1930, when he handed over to Sir Richard Rees and the monthly issues resumed. Rees was succeeded by Max Plowman in 1938. The magazine included one or two stories per issue with contributions by Katherine Mansfield, D. H. Lawrence, H. E. Bates, Rhys Davies and Dylan Thomas. "The Adelphi" published George Orwell's "The Spike" in 1931 and Orwell contributed regularly thereafter, particularly as a reviewer.

</doc>
<doc id="19976652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976652" title="Lyne (disambiguation)">
Lyne (disambiguation)

Lyne may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19976669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976669" title="Blaine Luetkemeyer">
Blaine Luetkemeyer

Blaine Luetkemeyer (; born May 7, 1952) is the U.S. Representative for . He represented from 2009 to 2013, until that district was eliminated as a result of the 2010 Census. The district contains most of Northeastern Missouri. Luetkemeyer is a member of the Republican Party.
Early life, education, and pre-political career.
Luetkemeyer was born in Jefferson City, Missouri on May 7, 1952. He attended Lincoln University in Jefferson City and graduated with a Bachelor of Arts degree in political science and with a minor in business administration. He has a 98% party unity. A lifelong farmer who is the fourth generation of his family to own their farm, Luetkemeyer has also owned several small businesses, as well as running a bank and serving as an insurance agent. He also served on the Board of Trustees for the village of St. Elizabeth.
Missouri state politics.
In 1998, Luetkemeyer was elected to the Missouri House of Representatives from the 115th district. During his time as a state representative, Luetkemeyer served as chair of the Financial Services Committee and as House Republican Caucus Chairman. During his time in the state legislature, Luetkemeyer co-sponsored the statewide constitutional amendment defining marriage as being between a man and a woman, which was overwhelmingly approved by Missouri voters statewide in 2004 by a margin of 71-29. He also worked on legislation which allowed Missourians to carry concealed firearms, banning partial-birth abortions, and reforming worker compensation laws.
In 2004, he did not seek reelection but instead was one of seven Republicans who ran for the office of State Treasurer. He finished second in the Republican primary, losing to Sarah Steelman who went on to win the general election. In 2005, Luetkemeyer was appointed by former Governor Matt Blunt to serve as Missouri Tourism Director, a post he held until running for the U.S. House of Representatives in 2008. One of his projects was working with Blunt and Lt. Governor Peter Kinder to start the Tour of Missouri, a cycling event modeled on the Tour de France. 
U.S. House of Representatives.
Elections.
In 2008, Luetkemeyer defeated Democrat Judy Baker and Libertarian Party candidate Tamara Millay for the seat vacated by Kenny Hulshof.
Luetkemeyer defeated Libertarian nominee Christopher W. Dwyer and write-in candidates Jeff Reed and Ron Burrus.
Luetkemeyer claimed 63.5% of the vote in defeating Democrat Eric C. Mayer (32.9%), and Libertarian Steven Wilson (3.7%).
Controversies.
In November 2009, the New York Times reported that Blaine Luetkemeyer and Joe Wilson made identical written statements, saying that "One of the reasons I have long supported the U.S. biotechnology industry is that it is a homegrown success story that has been an engine of job creation in this country. Unfortunately, many of the largest companies that would seek to enter the biosimilar market have made their money by outsourcing their research to foreign countries like India." The statement was originally drafted by lobbyists for Genentech, a multinational biotechnology firm headquartered in South San Francisco, California.
Personal life.
Luetkemeyer has been married since 1976 to his wife Jackie. They have three children. He has one granddaughter, Riley, and two grandsons, Luke and Evan. Luetkemeyer is a member of the Knights of Columbus, the Eldon Chamber of Commerce, the Farm Bureau, the National Rifle Association, and attends St. Lawrence Catholic Church. 

</doc>
<doc id="19976694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976694" title="Wrestling at the 1972 Summer Olympics – Men's Greco-Roman 82 kg">
Wrestling at the 1972 Summer Olympics – Men's Greco-Roman 82 kg

The Men's Greco-Roman 82 kg at the 1972 Summer Olympics as part of the wrestling program at the Fairgrounds, Judo and Wrestling Hall.
Tournament results.
The competition used a form of negative points tournament, with negative points given for any result short of a fall. Accumulation of 6 negative points eliminated the wrestler. When only two or three wrestlers remain, a special final round is used to determine the order of the medals.
Final.
Results from the preliminary round are carried forward into the final (shown in yellow).

</doc>
<doc id="19976698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976698" title="Daisyfield railway station">
Daisyfield railway station

Daisyfield railway station was a railway station that served the Daisyfield area of Blackburn, Lancashire. 
History.
The station was opened by the Lancashire & Yorkshire Railway in 1872 and closed by British Railways in 1958. When the line was re-opened as far as Clitheroe in 1994, Daisyfield remained closed; however the station signal box is still in operation to supervise the adjacent level crossing. It also acts as a fringe box to Preston power signal box, controlling the line towards Clitheroe and the single line via slotted signals requiring both the signalman at Preston and Daisyfield to give a release before a train can use the single line. The disused platforms are still visible from passing trains.

</doc>
<doc id="19976717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976717" title="Gordon Fallows">
Gordon Fallows

William Gordon Fallows KCVO (1913 – August 1979) was a Church of England bishop from the broad church tradition. He served as the sixth suffragan Bishop of Pontefract and subsequently fourth diocesan Bishop of Sheffield. He is also known for having chaired the working party which produced the "Sheffield Report" used to allocate clergy numbers between the dioceses of the Church of England.
Personal life and education.
Fallows was born in 1913 in Barrow-in-Furness. He attended Barrow Grammar School and then St Edmund Hall, Oxford. He trained for ordination at Ripon Hall, Oxford. He died in office in August 1979 after suffering from cancer and Parkinson’s disease.
Ministry positions.
Curate in Leamington Spa
Vicar of Styvechale, Coventry
Vicar of Preston, Lancashire
Archdeacon of Lancaster
Principal of Ripon Hall.
Bishop of Pontefract 1968 - 71
Bishop of Sheffield 1971 – 79
Vice Chairman of the Church’s Central Board of Finance 
Vice Chairman Church of England Pensions Board
Chaplain to the Queen
Clerk of the Closet
Fallows chaired the Clergy Deployment Commission, created to address the concentration of Church of England clergy in London and the south-east of England. In 1974 it produced the Sheffield Report recommending a formula to calculate what proportion of available clergy each diocese should receive, known as the Sheffield Number. Although at the time it was "denounced by some critics as striking at the roots of the church" it remains in use as of 2008.
Biography.
"Gordon Fallows of Sheffield", John S. Peart-Binns, The Memoir Club ISBN 978-1-84104-183-4

</doc>
<doc id="19976718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976718" title="Early Recordings (album series)">
Early Recordings (album series)

Early Recordings is a compilation album series by Louisville, Kentucky rock band My Morning Jacket. It was released in 2004 on Darla Records. The two constituent albums, called chapters, are called "The Sandworm Cometh" and "Learning" respectively. Danny Cash created the graphic design to both albums and played bass and keyboard on the second. J. Glenn performed drums for the series and Johnny Quaid played guitar. "Two-Tone" Tommy played bass for the first album, but Quaid took over for the second.
The Sandworm Cometh.
Track listing.
All tracks by Jim James except where noted

</doc>
<doc id="19976724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976724" title="Ryhill Halt railway station">
Ryhill Halt railway station

Ryhill Halt railway station in Ryhill, West Yorkshire, England was a small railway halt on the Dearne Valley Junction Railway, a branch of the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway which connected it to the Dearne Valley Railway. It was situated between Wakefield Kirkgate and Grimethorpe. It was opened for passenger traffic on 3 June 1912 and closed, along with others on the line on 10 September 1951.
Another station, Ryhill, served the village on the GCR's Barnsley Coal Railway from 1882 to 1930, about half a mile to the north west. 

</doc>
<doc id="19976746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976746" title="Wyoming (Clinton, Maryland)">
Wyoming (Clinton, Maryland)

Wyoming is a frame historic house located in Clinton in Prince George's County, Maryland, United States. It consists of three separate and distinct sections: the main block built in the third quarter of the 18th century, a ca. 1800 kitchen, and a connecting two-bay section of c. 1850. The house is a well preserved example of Maryland's gambrel-roofed colonial architecture, and is more specifically noteworthy as an excellent example of southern Maryland tidewater architecture. With the exception of Mt. Pleasant, the house may have the oldest boxwood in the county planted on its grounds. 
Wyoming is also significant historically as the ancestral home of the Marburys, a family which produced many of Maryland's political, professional, and judicial leaders through the 18th, 19th, and 20th centuries. The house has been continuously owned by members of the family from its construction c. 1750 until 1973. A small Marbury family cemetery is located south of the main house in a grove of trees. This includes a large obelisk dedicated to Catharine Taylor Marbury, the wife of Fendall Marbury, who died in 1866. Wyoming is also notable for its great planting of boxwood, forming a walkway leading to the front of the house.
Wyoming was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="19976768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976768" title="Szép">
Szép

Szép, Szep may refer to:
In people:
In other uses:

</doc>
<doc id="19976778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976778" title="Slivovo, Republic of Macedonia">
Slivovo, Republic of Macedonia

Slivovo () is a village in the Debarca municipality of the Republic of Macedonia. According to the census of 2002, the village has a population of 16, all Macedonians.

</doc>
<doc id="19976793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976793" title="Radio Club de Costa Rica">
Radio Club de Costa Rica

The Radio Club de Costa Rica (RCCR) (n English, Radio Club of Costa Rica) is a national non-profit organization for amateur radio enthusiasts in Costa Rica. Key membership benefits of the RCCR include a QSL bureau for those amateur radio operators in regular communications with other amateur radio operators in foreign countries, and a network to support amateur radio emergency communications. RCCR represents the interests of Costa Rican amateur radio operators before Costa Rican and international regulatory authorities. RCCR is the national member society representing Costa Rica in the International Amateur Radio Union.

</doc>
<doc id="19976800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976800" title="Federal government of Switzerland">
Federal government of Switzerland

The federal government of Switzerland may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19976820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976820" title="List of ship launches in 1892">
List of ship launches in 1892

The list of ship launches in 1892 includes a chronological list of some ships launched in 1892.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="19976829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976829" title="Landing at Saidor order of battle">
Landing at Saidor order of battle

This is the order of battle of Allied and Japanese forces during the Landing at Saidor in 1944.
Allied forces.
The Allied Task Force MICHAELMAS consisted of:
The following were attached to the Task Force:
The following were later assigned:
Japanese forces.
The Japanese forces engaged in the area consisted of:

</doc>
<doc id="19976863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976863" title="Earl Rose (rugby union player)">
Earl Rose (rugby union player)

Earl Rose (born 12 January 1984, Strand, Cape Town) is a South African rugby union player who, although keen on fly-half, features primarily at fullback. He first came to prominence with the surprising inclusion in Springbok coach Peter de Villiers's 42-man training squad in 2008. He played for the Golden Lions in the Currie Cup until 2009 and turned out for the Lions in the 2010 Super 14 season. In 2011 he was drafted into the Stormers team on tour in Australasia.
Career overview.
In 1999, Rose was selected for the Western Province Under-Fifteen Merit Team, an accolade followed up two years later with his inclusion in the Under-Sixteen WP Academy. He played in Hoërskool Strand's First XV from 2000 to 2002, in which year he also made the WP Under-Eighteen Craven Week, the WP Under-Nineteen squad, the SA Schools team for matches against France and Wales, and the South African Under-Nineteen training squad. 2003 brought the IRB Sevens World Series in New Zealand and Brisbane, Australia, and the SA Under-Nineteen FIRA-AER World Championship. He was included in the Western Province Under-Twenty squad in 2004 and, three seasons later, the Lions Super 14 outfit. There followed De Villiers's training squad.
He was also selected as the only flyhalf for the Springbok tour of the UK in 2008 through nepotism, a move that has aroused further controversy, the South African Press Association describing it as a "shock". In retrospect, respected sports columnist Luke Alfred dubbed the decision "short-sighted", arguing that his place ought to have gone to Morné Steyn.
A disappointing 2010 Super 14 campaign led to Rose being dropped by the Lions starting 15. He played in the Vodacom Cup during 2011 for the and once the competition concluded he was offered a short term contract to play for the Stormers in Super Rugby.
However, didn't extend his contract for the 2012 season and Rose joined the on a trial.
Personal life.
Rose was educated at Rusthof Primary School and Hoërskool Strand, and is currently 1.80 metres tall and 77 kilograms in weight. He told "SA Sports Illustrated", however, that he was looking to bulk up in a bid to stake his claim on the Lions' fly-half position.
Rose counts among his hobbies reading and listening to music, of which his favourite genre is R&B. His all-time favourite player is Jason Robinson, but he also holds Chester Williams in lofty regard, having read his autobiography and been coached by him in the SA Sevens side. The one person whom he most admires, however, is his father Enver, who "helped us and his brother Jody, who is also a professional rugby player through many tough times. I was fairly young when we moved to the Lions. My parents were very supportive and encouraged us to believe in God and leave everything up to Him."

</doc>
<doc id="19976885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976885" title="7 Lá">
7 Lá

7 Lá ("Seacht Lá", meaning "seven days") is an Irish-language weekly current affairs show. All topics are discussed but particular focus is given to regional and Gaeltacht affairs.

</doc>
<doc id="19976906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976906" title="Eddie Watkins">
Eddie Watkins

Eddie Watkins (2 March 1916 – 28 June 1995) was a Welsh dual-code international rugby player who played club rugby under the union code for Cardiff and later professional league rugby with Wigan. As a union player Watkins was part of the 1939 team which won the Home Nations Championship and was more famously a member of the Welsh side that beat the touring All Blacks in 1935. In 1939 he joined Wigan and played in three internationals during the war years for Wales league side against England.
During the Second World War he served in the Special Investigation Branch of the Royal Air Force, and played in two Services internationals.
Rugby union career.
Watkins began his club rugby days with Bedwas before moving to first class side Cardiff. In 1935, Watkins was chosen by Cardiff to face the touring New Zealand team. Cardiff were hoping that a strong pack containing Watkins, Les Spence and Gwyn Williams would give the club an advantage against the All Blacks, but were soundly beaten in an exciting game.
Watkins gained his was first cap for Wales in 1935 again against New Zealand. In a memorable game, Wales turned around a losing score-line in the last ten minutes to beat the All Blacks 13-12. Watkins was not selected for Wales throughout 1936, but was back for the final two games of the 1937 Home Nations Championship. It was a poor campaign for Wales and Watkins, with Wales losing all matches during the 1937 campaign. Watkins was reselected for the 1938 Championship, playing all three games. The opening game was against England at the Cardiff Arms Park, and under the captaincy of Cardiff team-mate Cliff Jones, Watkins was involved in his first Home Nations victory. In 1939 Watkins took part in his last Home Nations campaign, and although missing the game against Ireland, he was still a member of a Wales Championship winning team as Wilf Wooller's team lifted the trophy with wins over Ireland and Scotland.
International games played.
Wales, rugby union
Rugby league career.
In March 1939 Watkins joined professional rugby league team Wigan for a reported fee of £600, making his first appearance for the club on 18 March. During his time with Wigan, he made three appearances for the Wales national rugby league side, his first was played at Odsal against England on 18 October 1941.
International games played.
Wales, rugby league

</doc>
<doc id="19976914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976914" title="XHDEH-TV">
XHDEH-TV

XHDEH is the television call sign for the Televimex licensed television station on channel 6 in Delicias, Chihuahua, Mexico. The station is an affiliate of the Canal de las Estrellas network. It also broadcasts local programming and news.

</doc>
<doc id="19976921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976921" title="2002–03 New York Knicks season">
2002–03 New York Knicks season

The 2002–03 New York Knicks season was the 57th season for the team in the National Basketball Association (NBA). The Knicks missed the NBA playoffs for the second straight year, finishing tied for fifth in the Atlantic Division with a 37–45 record.

</doc>
<doc id="19976938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976938" title="Claus Holm">
Claus Holm

Claus Holm (4 August 1918 – 21 September 1996) was a German film actor. He appeared in 50 films between 1943 and 1979.
He was born in Bochum, Germany and died in Berlin, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="19976948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19976948" title="Stuart Bunce">
Stuart Bunce

Stuart Alexander Bunce (born 21 October 1971) is an English actor who is best known for his portrayal of the First World War poet Wilfred Owen in the film "Regeneration" directed by Gillies MacKinnon.
Biography.
Stuart was born in Beckenham, Kent. He graduated from the Guildhall School of Music and Drama in 1993. Contemporaries at Guildhall included Daniel Craig, Ewan McGregor and Damian Lewis. He joined the Royal Shakespeare Company the same year and was cast as Burgundy in Adrian Noble's production of "King Lear" which starred Sir Robert Stephens.
Career.
Stuart left the RSC to play Romeo in Neil Bartlett's production of "Romeo and Juliet" at the Lyric Theatre Hammersmith in 1994.
Stuart made his big screen debut when Jerry Zucker offered him the role of Peter in his movie "First Knight" which starred Sean Connery and Richard Gere.
Numerous TV appearances followed in acclaimed television dramas such as "The Jury" directed by Pete Travis, in which he played Charles Gore alongside Derek Jacobi and Gerard Butler; "All the King's Men" a 1999 BBC film based on the story of the 1/5th (Territorial) Battalion of the "Norfolk Regiment", in which he played 2nd Lt. Frederick Radley alongside David Jason and Maggie Smith; "P.O.W" directed by John Strickland, in which he played Jewish prisoner of war Harry Freeman and "Egypt" in which he played Jacques Joseph Champollion-Figeac.
In 2003 he portrayed St. John in the film "The Gospel of John."
Stuart has appeared in two other drama documentaries for the BBC, "Space Race" directed by Christopher Spencer in which he played General Gaidukov and "" directed by Michael Wadding in which he played Major Douglas Kelley.
Stuart most recently played Gavin in acclaimed Channel Four drama "Clapham Junction" directed by Adrian Shergold.

</doc>
<doc id="19977017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19977017" title="Tony Gallagher (footballer)">
Tony Gallagher (footballer)

Tony Gallagher (born 16 March 1963) is a Scottish former professional footballer, who played for Albion Rovers F.C. and Stranraer F.C.. Born in Bellshill, South Lanarkshire, he grew up in East Kilbride, and was a boyhood Celtic supporter.
Playing career.
Early career.
Gallagher played for Celtic Boys Club, becoming captain at under-13 level. He was the first captain to win the Scottish Cup at the under-13 level. He was injured at Celtic, and decided to move on, playing for junior team East Kilbride Thistle. East Kilbride Thistle won the Scottish Junior Cup in May 1983 when they beat Bo'ness United at Ibrox Stadium.
Stranraer.
Gallagher played with Stranraer for 10 years, during which time he captained the team and helped them win the Second Division title (1994) and the League Challenge Cup in 1996. He was awarded a testimonial match, which was against Rangers F.C. at Stair Park on 20 July 1997. Rangers won the match.

</doc>
<doc id="19977018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19977018" title="XHO-TV">
XHO-TV

XHO is the television call sign for the Televisa television station channel 11 in Torreón, Coahuila, Mexico. The station is an affiliate of the Canal de las Estrellas network. It also broadcasts local programming and news.

</doc>
<doc id="19977023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19977023" title="Foustani">
Foustani

Foustani (, ) is a village in the municipality Almopia, Pella regional unit, northern Greece. According to the 2001 census, the village has a population of 542 people.
Demographics.
The village is inhabited by Macedonian speakers and Pontic Greeks, the latter who replaced the Muslims who left the village in 1923 as part of the population exchange between Greece and Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="19977030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19977030" title="Club de Radio Aficionados de El Salvador">
Club de Radio Aficionados de El Salvador

The Club de Radio Aficionados de El Salvador (CRAS) (n English, El Salvador Amateur Radio Club) is a national non-profit organization for amateur radio enthusiasts in El Salvador. Key membership benefits of the CRAS include a QSL bureau for those amateur radio operators in regular communications with other amateur radio operators in foreign countries, and a network to support amateur radio emergency communications. CRAS represents the interests of El Salvadoran amateur radio operators before El Salvadoran and international regulatory authorities. CRAS is the national member society representing El Salvador in the International Amateur Radio Union.

</doc>
<doc id="19977066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19977066" title="New Standard D-29">
New Standard D-29

__NOTOC__
The New Standard D-29 was a trainer aircraft produced in the USA from 1929 to 1930. It was a conventional biplane design with a fuselage constructed from Duralumin members rivetted and bolted together, and the wings were made with spruce spars and bass-wood and plywood built-up ribs. Deliberately built to be rugged and simple the D-29 was moderately successful, but had to compete with the Swallow TP. 

</doc>
<doc id="19977069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19977069" title="List of Recent Holarctic Bird Species">
List of Recent Holarctic Bird Species

List of Recent Holarctic Bird Species is a 1977 book by Karel H. Voous, published by the British Ornithologists' Union. It contains a list of 1,921 bird species recorded from the Holarctic zoogeographic region. It was widely adopted by ornithologists in Europe as a standard baseline list. It was originally published in two parts in the BOU's journal Ibis: that covering the non-passerines in 1973, and the passerine part in 1977. The list has been reprinted twice, in 1980 and 1991. It contains a foreword by Sir Hugh Elliott.
Geographical scope.
In the western Palearctic region, the list adopts the same geographical limits as those used by the editors of the handbook "The Birds of the Western Palearctic". The whole of the Arabian peninsula and Iran are also included; further east, Voous followed the boundaries used by Hartert (1903–1923) and Vaurie (1959, 1965). In the Nearctic region, the list covers all of the continental U.S.A. and Canada, the Bahama Islands, plus the non-tropical parts of Mexico (defined as the states of Baja California, Sonora, Chihuahua, Durango, Zacatecas, Aguascalientes, Guanajuato, Querétaro, México, Distrito Federal, Coahuila and Nuevo León).
Bibliography.
Voous, K. H. (1977) "List of Recent Holarctic Bird Species" British Ornithologists' Union ISBN 0-907446-13-2

</doc>
<doc id="19977093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19977093" title="Kabhre">
Kabhre

Kabhre may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19977095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19977095" title="1961 Cannes Film Festival">
1961 Cannes Film Festival

The 14th Cannes Film Festival was held on May 3-18, 1961. The Palme d'Or went to the "Une aussi longue absence", directed by Henri Colpi and "Viridiana", directed by Luis Buñuel. The festival opened with "Che gioia vivere", directed by René Clément.

</doc>
<doc id="19977101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19977101" title="Banno">
Banno

Misc..
3394 Banno Asteroid

</doc>
<doc id="19977116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19977116" title="Rudolf Forster">
Rudolf Forster

Rudolf Forster (30 October 1884 – 25 October 1968) was an Austrian film actor. He appeared in 106 films between 1914 and 1968. His autobiography "Das Spiel, mein Leben" was published by Propyläen-Verlag in 1967.
He was born in Gröbming, Austria and died in Bad Aussee, Austria.

</doc>
<doc id="19977140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19977140" title="Kaufbeuren Air Base">
Kaufbeuren Air Base

Kaufbeuren Air Base (Fliegerhorst Kaufbeuren) is a German Air Force (Luftwaffe) military airbase. It is currently the home of the Luftwaffe Technical School 1.
History.
Originally built in 1935 as a Luftwaffe Air Force station, the aerodrome was seized by the United States Army in May 1945 at the end of World War II. Initially used as an occupation facility by the 225th Anti-Aircraft Searchlight Battalion, the USAAF 55th Fighter Group based P-51 Mustangs at the airfield from 22 July 1945 - 28 April 1946.
Renamed Kaufbeuren AFB (later, Kaufbeuren AB), the 60th Troop Carrier Wing was assigned to the base from 1 July 1948 until 1 October 1949. Shortly after moving to Kaufbeuren the 60 TCW and its three squadrons—the 10th, 11th, and 12th Troop Carriers Squadrons—began supporting the Berlin Airlift. From 26 June 1948 to 30 September 1949, the C-47 and C-54-equipped squadrons flew from both Kaufbeuren and Wiesbaden AB, Germany, and contributed to the U.S. total of nearly 1.8 million tons of supplies delivered on 189,963 flights.
On 20 January 1949, the wing's headquarters element moved to RAF Fassberg, Germany, and fell under operational control of the 1st Airlift Task Force. When the Berlin Airlift ended on 26 September 1949, the 60 TCW began moving without its personnel and equipment to Wiesbaden, where it assumed the resources of the inactivated 7150th Air Force Composite Wing. The 60th became operational at Wiesbaden on 1 October 1949.
The shift of USAF bases to locations west of the Rhine River meant that permanent active flying organizations were not assigned to Kaufbeuren, and it was used as a communications station under the 7320th Air Force Wing. In 1955, the 7330th Flying Training Wing was established on the base to train German pilots for the reconstituted Luftwaffe. The facility was handed back to the West German government on 16 December 1957.
Used as an active Luftwaffe airbase until the 1990s, it is now a non-flying training facility.

</doc>
<doc id="19977142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19977142" title="Nollaig No. 1">
Nollaig No. 1

Nollaig No. 1 (Christmas Number 1) was an Irish-language talent show, the winner of which will got the opportunity to release their winning song to the general public for Christmas 2008.
It was won by Mary Lee who released the single "Siúil Leat", a festive and Irish take on You'll Never Walk Alone In 2010 Lee took part in The X Factor (UK) using the name Mary Byrne.

</doc>
<doc id="19977152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19977152" title="Buković">
Buković

Buković () is a small mountain situated in the south-east of the city of Gostivar, the Republic of Macedonia.

</doc>
<doc id="19977162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19977162" title="Sahare">
Sahare

Sahare may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19977163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19977163" title="Cadenatres">
Cadenatres

Cadenatres is a broadcast television network in Mexico which is owned by Grupo Empresarial Ángeles (GEA), a company headed by Olegario Vázquez Raña and directed by Olegario Vázquez Aldir. Originally started by its flagship XHTRES in Mexico City as an independent broadcast television station serving the Federal District and the Valley of Mexico, it later expanded coverage throughout the entire state through various cable television systems, then transformed into a national broadcast network in Mexico.
History.
On May 28, 2007, GEA relaunched XHRAE-TV under the name "cadenatres" (lit. "Network Three"), creating new programs and newscasts while retaining most of its cartoons aimed at children. The network’s coverage expanded from Mexico City to the entire Mexican republic through various cable television systems, and later, became the flagship station of the third national broadcast network after the Supreme Court declared unconstitutional the part of the Federal Telecommunications Act better known as the Televisa Law that had prevented the birth of a third broadcast network in Mexico and strengthened the duopoly that TV Azteca and Televisa had enjoyed.
By September 30, 2009, its flaghship station had changed its call sign to XHTRES-TV from XHRAE, reflecting its network identity.
cadenatres affiliates.
The following is a list of all full-time cadenatres affiliates:

</doc>
<doc id="19977187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19977187" title="2001–02 New York Knicks season">
2001–02 New York Knicks season

The 2001–02 New York Knicks season was the 56th season for the team in the National Basketball Association (NBA). The Knicks had a 30–52 record in the 2001–02 season, and finished in last place in the Atlantic Division. New York missed the NBA Playoffs for the first time in 15 seasons.

</doc>
<doc id="19977189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19977189" title="2007 County Championship">
2007 County Championship

The 2007 County Championship season, known as the LV County Championship for sponsorship reasons, was contested through two divisions: Division One and Division Two. Each team plays all the others in their division both home and away. The top two teams from Division Two were promoted to the first division for 2008, while the bottom two sides from Division 1 were relegated.
Teams in the County Championship 2007:
Standings.
Fourteen points were awarded for each win, four points were awarded for a draw or abandonment. Defeats scored no points. Teams were awarded bonus points during the first 130 overs of their first innings; one bowling point for every three wickets taken (up to three points available), and one batting point gained when teams reached 200, 250, 300, 350 and 400 runs (up to five points available).

</doc>
<doc id="19977209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19977209" title="2LFF">
2LFF

2LFF, which is branded as ROCCY FM, is an Australian radio station that transmits on 93.9 MHz FM from Young, New South Wales, Australia and serves the towns in the South West Slopes region such as Cowra and Cootamundra.
ROCCY FM was formally known as FM 93.9 and Star FM up until mid-2008 when it was brought out by the Broadcast Operations Group.
History.
ROCCY was originally STAR FM until it went into new hands and could no longer be called STAR FM. A Competition was held and people voted on ROCCY, standing for Radio Of Cowra Cootamundra and Young, the three major towns the station caters for. 
After massive consideration it seemed like the best name to cover the major local towns associated with the station.

</doc>
<doc id="19977225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19977225" title="XHCDE-TV">
XHCDE-TV

XHCDE is the television call sign for the Televisa owned-and-operated television station broadcasting on channel 13 in Delicias, Chihuahua, Mexico. The station is an affiliate of the Canal 5 network. It also broadcasts local programming and news, and is the default Canal 5-affiliate in Camargo, Chihuahua.

</doc>
<doc id="19977244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19977244" title="Isla de la Plata">
Isla de la Plata

Isla de la Plata is a small island off the coast of Manabí, Ecuador, and is part of Parque Nacional Machalilla. It can be reached by boat from the city of Puerto López.
On the island, there is a large diversity of animal species. For example, several species of booby, including the Blue-footed booby, Red-footed booby, and the Nazca booby. Another species found here is the South American sea lion. Dolphins, like the Pantropical spotted dolphin can be found in the water near the island.
Guided tours are given on a couple of different hiking trails. There are many nice beaches on the island where you can see many forms of wildlife and plant species.
In Popular Culture.
Isla de la Plata is featured in an episode of the travel series Jet Set Zero.

</doc>
<doc id="19977255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19977255" title="Spring Vale railway station">
Spring Vale railway station

Spring Vale railway station was a railway station that served the community of Spring Vale, in Darwen, Lancashire, England. It was opened by the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway in 1872. It was closed on 5 August 1958, two days after nearby .
It achieved noteworthiness when, on the night of 25 September 1931, Mahatma Gandhi alighted from a train there to spend the night with a local family whilst visiting England to see the effects of his cotton making campaign on the British textile industry.

</doc>
<doc id="19977265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19977265" title="Alexandra Jiménez">
Alexandra Jiménez

Alexandra Jiménez Arrechea (born January 4, 1980, in Zaragoza, Aragón, Spain) is a Spanish actress, who is well-known of portraying África Sanz in television sitcom "Los Serrano".
When Jiménez was young, she started dancing ballet and studied dance in many well known schools in Zaragoza and then Madrid. She became professional in ballet when she was 15-years-old, but soon after that she hurt her foot and left her dancing career because she wanted to pursue in acting. Jiménez studied acting in Madrid and made small appearances in television series such as "Periodistas", "Policías", "En el corazón de la calle" and "Compañeros" during her studies. Then she get the role in Los Serrano, where she played África Sanz. Jiménez has also acted in films, short films, in theatre and also worked as a model. In 2005 she won "Premio Leche President" prize with her co-star Alejo Sauras as a "Best TV couple".
Private life.
Alexandra and ex-"Los Serrano" co-star, María Bonet are good friends though the series is already ended.

</doc>
<doc id="19977275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19977275" title="XHTOB-TV">
XHTOB-TV

XHTOB-TV is a Televisa owned-and-operated station in Torreón, Coahuila, is a Canal 5-Televisa Network Affiliate 

</doc>
<doc id="19977285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19977285" title="Reach (Eyes Set to Kill album)">
Reach (Eyes Set to Kill album)

Reach is the debut full length album by American rock band Eyes Set to Kill. It was released on February 19, 2008, and peaked at #29 on the Billboard Top Heatseekers chart. The album features three songs ("Darling", "Liar in the Glass", "Young Blood Spills Tonght") from their EP, "When Silence is Broken, The Night Is Torn" that were re-recorded following the departure of lead vocalist Lindsey Vogt in 2007. Some songs are re-recorded, renamed songs.
Track listing.
Singles.
Reach is the first and lead single of the band's debut album. It was released February 5, 2008. The music video was shot in an old train car in Arizona. This is the band's first single to feature singer/guitarist Alexia Rodriguez as lead vocalist, following the departure of former vocalist Lindsey Vogt in late 2007.
Darling is released as second single from the album and also re-recorded from their debut EP "When Silence Is Broken, The Night Is Torn". It was released September 22, 2008. Two music videos are released.
Charts.
In the issue of March 8, 2008, the album debuted at #29 Top Heatseekers and stayed for a week.
Credits.
"Reach" album personnel as listed on Allmusic.

</doc>
<doc id="19977287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19977287" title="Viktor Vida">
Viktor Vida

Viktor Vida (Kotor, October 2, 1913 – Buenos Aires, September 25, 1960) was a Croatian writer. 
He graduated from the University of Zagreb in south Slav literature and the Italian language. His first poetry was published in Nikšić. From 1943 he worked in Rome. In 1945, a communist regime was established in Yugoslavia, which prevented Vida from returning to his homeland. He emigrated to Argentina with his family in 1948. In Argentina he contributed to the Croatian emigrant publication Hrvatska revija. 
His poetry is in the bohemian tradition of Antun Gustav Matoš and Tin Ujević, which he was inspired by after meeting the circle of writers around Ljubo Wiesner and Nikica Polić.
He committed suicide in Buenos Aires on September 25, 1960. With Croatian independence in 1991, there was renewed availability and interest in his work. The Association of Croatian Writers held an academic conference on him in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="19977294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19977294" title="Aurahi">
Aurahi

Aurahi may refer to several places in Nepal:

</doc>
<doc id="19977303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19977303" title="Eugène Lefebvre">
Eugène Lefebvre

Eugène Lefebvre (1878- 7 September 1909) was a French aviation pioneer. He was the first person to die while piloting a powered airplane and the second person to be killed in a powered airplane crash.
Biography.
The chief pilot for the French Wright Company, Lefebvre was a participant in the first international air race, the Grande Semaine d'Aviation at Reims in 1909, piloting a Wright Flyer. He, Louis Blériot and Hubert Latham were selected as France's representatives during the contest for the Gordon Bennett Trophy on 22 August, after poor weather made the morning's planned qualifying run impossible. When the weather lifted around 6 o'clock that evening, Lefebvre was one of the pilots who took to the sky in an exhibition, giving one of the earliest displays of stunt flying. The New York Times described his maneuvers thus: "Lefebvre...came driving at the crowded tribunes, turned in the nick of time, went sailing off, swooped down again till he made the flags on the pillars and the plumes on the ladies' hats flutter, and so played about at will for our applause." He was subsequently fined $4 by the judges for displaying excessive "recklessness and daring." During the running of the race, he placed fourth, behind Glenn Curtiss, Blériot and Latham.
Only nine days after the end of the Reims event, Lefebvre was killed in a crash at Juvisy, when the plane he was testing dropped to the ground from a height of twenty feet. In so doing, he became the first person to die while piloting a powered airplane, and the second person to be killed in an airplane crash.
Legacy.
Lefebvre is a distant relative of the later film actress Capucine (1931-1990).

</doc>
<doc id="19977327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19977327" title="Dharmapur">
Dharmapur

Dharmapur may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19977341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19977341" title="Liga Panameña de Radioaficionados">
Liga Panameña de Radioaficionados

The Liga Panameña de Radioaficionados (LPRA) (n English, Panamanian Amateur Radio League) is a national non-profit organization for amateur radio enthusiasts in Panama. Key membership benefits of the LPRA include a QSL bureau for those amateur radio operators in regular communications with other amateur radio operators in foreign countries, and a network to support amateur radio emergency communications. LPRA represents the interests of Panamanian amateur radio operators before Panamanian and international regulatory authorities. LPRA is the national member society representing Panama in the International Amateur Radio Union.

</doc>
<doc id="19977376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19977376" title="Matihani">
Matihani

Matihani may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19977383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19977383" title="STEP-NC">
STEP-NC

STEP-NC is a machine tool control language that extends the ISO 10303 STEP standards with the machining model in ISO 14649, adding geometric dimension and tolerance data for inspection, and the STEP PDM model for integration into the wider enterprise. The combined result has been standardized as ISO 10303-238 (also known as AP238).
STEP-NC was designed to replace ISO 6983/RS274D G-codes with a modern, associative communications protocol that connects computer numerical controlled (CNC) process data to a product description of the part being machined. 
A STEP-NC program can use the full range of geometric constructs from the STEP standard to communicate device-independent toolpaths to the CNC. It can provide CAM operational descriptions and STEP CAD geometry to the CNC so workpieces, stock, fixtures and cutting tool shapes can be visualized and analyzed in the context of the toolpaths. STEP GD&T information can also be added to enable quality measurement on the control, and CAM-independent volume removal features may be added to facilitate regeneration and modification of the toolpaths before or during machining for closed loop manufacturing.
Motivation.
Input to a CNC in the ISO 6983/RS274D G-code control language is often machine-specific and limited to axis motion commands. The machine tool is given little or no information about the desired result of the machining.
STEP-NC allows more information about the machining process to be sent to the machine control and adds new information about the product being machined. This "Smart Data for Smart Machining" enables applications such as the following: 
Capabilities.
STEP-NC can communicate a complete machining process description to a machine tool control or between manufacturing software applications. The information handled by STEP-NC can be divided into the following general categories. The standard handles technology-specific parameters for milling and turning, and extensions for other technologies under development (see Future Work).
STEP-NC can exchange the explicit toolpath descriptions in use today, and add part, stock, and fixture geometry, a description of the tools, geometric dimensions and tolerances, and PDM information. A STEP-NC file is difficult to edit by hand because it contains geometry descriptions but for large programs the file size can be smaller because STEP-NC uses a compressed XML format instead of ASCII codes.
History.
STEP-NC is not the first attempt at providing better quality information to a CNC. The EIA 494 Basic Control Language (BCL) defined a control language that was portable and had toolpaths independent of machine geometry, but did not contain any of the other product model information found in STEP-NC.
The core of STEP-NC is the ISO 14649 model for CNC control developed
by European ESPRIT and IMS STEP-NC projects begun in 1999. These were led by Siemens with contributions from the University of Aachen and the University of Stuttgart in Germany, Komatsu and FANUC in Japan, Heidenhain in Switzerland, and the Pohang University of Science and Technology in Korea. Models for the control of CNC milling and turning machines were published in 2005, and draft models exist for EDM and contour cutting.
Integration of the CNC model into STEP to produce ISO 10303-238 was done in the United States, under the NIST ATP Model Driven Intelligent Control of Manufacturing project, led by STEP Tools, Inc. with an industrial review board (IRB) consisting of Fortune 500 companies, CAD and CAM software developers, machine tool manufacturers, job shops and industry experts. STEP-NC AP238 was published in 2007. 
In 2005 the OMAC STEP-NC Working Group hosted an AP238 testing forum in Orlando to demonstrate 5-axis parts machined using AP238 CC1 machine independent toolpaths. Four CAD/CAM systems produced AP238 machining programs for milling a 5-axis test part (an NAS 979 circle/diamond/square with an inverted NAS 979 cone test in the center). Each run on a pair of CNCs configured for completely different machine geometries (AB tool tilt vs. BC table tilt). In addition, Boeing cut parts on a variety of machines at their Tulsa facility and a machine at NIST in Gaithersburg.
In June 2006, a live 5-axis STEP-NC machining demonstration was hosted by Airbus at the Université Paul Sabatier Laboratoire de Génie mécanique in Toulouse. 
Further machining and measurement demonstrations were conducted in Ibusuki Japan in 2007.
On March 10–12, 2008, the STEP Manufacturing team (ISO TC184 SC4 WG3 T24) met in Sandviken and Stockholm, Sweden to demonstrate use of STEP-NC for feed and speed optimization, high-speed machining, tolerance-driven tool compensation and traceability. The participants in the demonstrations included Airbus/Univ. Bordeaux, Boeing, Eurostep, KTH Royal Institute of Technology, NIST, Sandvik Coromant, Scania, STEP Tools, and Univ. of Vigo.
On October 1–2, 2008, the STEP Manufacturing team met at the Connecticut Center for Advanced Technology, in Hartford, Connecticut to demonstrate closed-loop machining, feed optimization, and measurement using STEP-NC. The highlight of the meeting was the live 5-axis machining of a titanium impeller. Participants in the machining demonstration and other activities included Boeing, Connecticut Center for Advanced Technology, Concepts NRec, DMG, KTH Royal Institute of Technology, Mitutoyo, NIST, Sandvik Coromant, Scania, Siemens, and STEP Tools.
These participants and others continue to hold STEP-NC international implementation and testing events on a roughly six-month cycle. The demonstrations in 2009 focused on machining a Mold part at multiple sites from the same AP238 data including one part machined on a FANUC-developed STEP-NC control. At a meeting in Seattle the parts were then measured for accuracy using a CMM probe and a laser scanner.
In the first half of 2010, the testing activity focused on tool wear management and machining a part in multiple setups with multiple alternate machining plans for 3, 4 and 5-axis machining. The new test part was a gear box that must be machined on all six sides. The tool wear and consequent machine loads were predicted from the STEP-NC data and verified using a dynamometer. In the second half of 2010, the testing forum applied STEP-NC to setup compensation with on-machine measurement of part and fixture datums using a FaroArm portable measurement device.
Future Work.
Work continues within the ISO standard committees to extend STEP-NC to new technologies and to incorporate refinements discovered during use. Process models for new technologies are usually produced by the ISO TC184/SC1/WG7 committee. Models for Wire & Sink EDM and contour cutting of wood or stone are under investigation.
Work on extending and integrating STEP-NC with the manufacturing enterprise takes place in the ISO TC184/SC4/WG3/T24 STEP Manufacturing Team. This group also works on extensions and refinements discovered during testing. A series of traceability extensions have been proposed for linking STEP-NC machining programs with sensor feedback and machine state information during execution. 
The National Shipbuilding Research Program (NSRP) has also hosted work to implement a prototype that connects a shipyard design system to a plate cutting using STEP-NC. This work involved extending STEP-NC to steel plate cutting and marking using lasers and plasma torches.

</doc>
<doc id="19977394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19977394" title="Pashupatinagar">
Pashupatinagar

Pashupatinagar may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19977406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19977406" title="Abomasitis">
Abomasitis

Abomasitis (abomasal bloat) is a relatively rare ruminant disease characterized by inflammation of abomasum in young calves, lambs, and goat kids. It occurs with gastroenteritis but is seldom diagnosed as a separate condition, and its causes are as yet unknown. Its fatality rate is uncertain but appears to be 75 to 100%.

</doc>
<doc id="19977430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19977430" title="Cicchetti (food)">
Cicchetti (food)

Cicchetti (also sometimes spelled "cichetti" or "cicheti") are small snacks or side dishes, typically served in traditional "bàcari" (cicchetti bars or osterie) in Venice, Italy. Common cicchetti include tiny sandwiches, plates of olives or other vegetables, halved hard boiled eggs, small servings of a combination of one or more of seafood, meat and vegetable ingredients laid on top of a slice of bread or polenta, and very small servings of typical full-course plates. Like Spanish tapas, one can also make a meal of cicchetti by ordering multiple plates. Venice's many cicchetti bars are quite active during the day, as Venetians (and tourists) typically eat cicchetti in the late morning, for lunch, or as afternoon snacks. Cicchetti are usually accompanied by a small glass of local white wine, which the locals refer to as an "ombra" (shadow).
Cicchetti is the plural form. A single piece of cicchetti is a cicchetto.
Cicchetti in the United States.
In the United States of America, cicchetti are popular in some Italian-American enclaves, where it is sometimes spelled "chiccetti."

</doc>
<doc id="19977441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19977441" title="Terry Christopher">
Terry Christopher

Terry Christopher (born in Las Vegas, Nevada) is an openly gay American singer/songwriter. 
He started performing at a very young age and won the Reserved Champions Title for the dance division of his age group at the Nevada State Youth Fair held at the Las Vegas Convention Center in 1979 with his dance partner, Beth Newlin. Christopher continued his performing arts training studying dance at Simba Dance Studios in Las Vegas while under the guidance of Winston Dewitt Hemsley, Vicki Dale, Bernard Manners and Jamie Gallagher.
Christopher ventured out on his first of 7 European tours in 1987 with Extraordinary Students of America as a featured dancer. After his summer tour of Europe, he studied dance and musical theatre for 1 year at Emerson College before transferring to the Dance Conservatory at S.U.N.Y. Purchase of which he received his BFA in dance performance and dance composition. Mr. Christopher studied Ballet and Modern dance with Gayle Young of American Ballet Theatre, Alfredo Corvino of Ballet Russe de Monte Carlo, Rosanna Seravalli of American Ballet Theatre, Bettijane Sills of New York City Ballet, Bert Terborgh of the Martha Graham Dance Company, Armgard von Bardeleben of the Martha Graham Dance Company, Kevin Wynn of the José Limón Dance Company, Sarah Stackhouse of the José Limón Dance Company and Neil Greenberg of the Merce Cunningham Dance Company.
Music.
Christopher's debut CD, "Take Another Look" is a collection of songs written while out on tour and produced back home in New York City. Take Another Look received the Favorite Male Artist Award 2003 as well as Favorite LGBT Album 2003 from Stonewall Society which is an LGBT Community Organization recognizing equality and visibility in the arts by LGBT artists. Take Another Look was a musical adventure that took Christopher out of the world of musical theatre as a featured cast member to the up front out in front solo artist position. Christopher's music from Take Another Look had him playing New York City hotspots such as CBGB's, The Elbow Room, The Bitter End, Rockwood Music Hall, and The C-Note. Christopher also became a member of ASCAP and since debuting his songs with Take Another Look, Christopher has been the recipient of 7 ASCAPlus songwriting grant awards from ASCAP.
In 2006, Christopher released his 2nd CD, Journey of a Wordsmith. Journey of a Wordsmith debuted in the Top 20 on the Outvoice LGBT Monthly Music Chart at #15. Journey of a Wordsmith steadily climbed up the chart and by the Spring of 2007 had reached the top of the chart at #1 and held it for 2 months. Journey of a Wordsmith has maintained a Top 20 presence on Outvoice since its debut in 2006 for almost 2 full years. His pro-LGBT Community rock-anthem, Brothers In Arms & Sister Soldiers was awarded the coveted Favorite Pride Song of 2007 from the Stonewall Society Pride In The Arts.
Both organizations of the Songwriters Hall of Fame and The Grammy Organization have welcomed Christopher into their membership ranks. Singles from Journey of a Wordsmith made it to the first round of voting for the 50th Grammy Awards in 2007.
"Take Another Look".
Christopher's debut CD, "Take Another Look" announced his arrival and established his presence in the LGBT music scene having garnered national and internationial reviews amongst indie music insiders. As the positive reviews and awards rolled in, Christopher had already begun to journey on to his next musical effort.
"Journey of a Wordsmith".
Christopher's Sophomore musical work is titled "Journey of a Wordsmith". Terry Christopher moved more towards his love of rock and brought out a gritty, powerful vocal production and more confrontational tone to his songwriting. "Journey of a Wordsmith" re-teamed him with Producer, Michael LaGennussa of MJL sound and the final product has not only received national & international radio and heavy web radio airplay, but landed Christopher on Outvoice's Monthly Top 40 LGBT Music Chart in the Top 20 for an impressive 23 consecutive months which is accomplishment held only by Christopher. He also returned to his dance roots having added 3 BONUS CLUB TRACKS re-mixes to his latest CD. 
"Journey of a Wordsmith" landed the #1 spot on the Outvoice music chart list in spring and early summer of 2007 with it taking the #2 spot on the Outvoice Top 40 CD's Review. Though Terry Christopher's "Journey of a Wordsmith" was released in November 2006, the CD closed out 2008 – a two full years later – in the top 10 LGBT CD's coming in at #10 as noted on the Outvoice Annual Top 40 CD's review for 2008.
United For The Ride Vol. I.
Terry Christopher is the Executive Producer as well as contributing artist on the 12 song compilation CD, "United For The Ride Vol. I" which assisted raising funds for the Riders of Breaking The Cycle 2009. The Co-Producers on the project are also contributing artists, Morry Campbell and Roger Kuhn. "United For The Ride Vol. I" received praise within the LGBT community for its initiative to help fight HIV/AIDS via the various programs offered through the LGBT Center of New York City. Other contributing artists on the CD are Randi Driscoll, Mike Rickard, Katie Sawicki, Jeffrey Wilgus, Robin Renee, Joshua Klipp, Norine Braun, Judith Avers and Dan Manjovi.

</doc>
<doc id="19977444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19977444" title="List of kaiju">
List of kaiju

This is a list of kaijus in the Toho and Daiei universe. is a Japanese word that means "strange creature," but often translated in English as "monster" or "giant monster". Specifically, it is used to refer to a genre of tokusatsu entertainment.
Toho Kaiju.
List of Kaiju who appear in the Godzilla series and other Toho films and related. They are as follows:
List of Kaiju from Pacific Rim
List of kaiju who appear in the television show Zone Fighter. They are as follows:
Daiei Kaiju.
List of kaiju that appear in the Gamera and Daimajin-related series. They are as follows:
Television Kaiju.
List of kaiju who appear in the Godzilla (animated series). They are as follows:
List of kaiju who appear in . They are as follows:
List of Other television Kaiju. They are as follows:
Video Game Kaiju.
"Toho Universe In Exclusive"
Comic and books.
List of kaiju that appear in comics and books, mostly relating to kaiju in the Godzilla (comics), as well as cross-over with the Devil Dinosaur from the Marvel universe.
Kaiju that appear in Marvel comics.
Kaiju that appear in Dark Horse comics.
Kaiju that appear in Random House Juvenile Novels.
Lost projects.
List of kaiju that never made it into film, both kaiju from Godzilla and Gamera franchises. They are as Listed:
Other notable Kaiju.
List of kaiju that appear in anything unrelated to Godzilla, Gamera and/or even Ultraman. They are as Listed:

</doc>
<doc id="19977448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19977448" title="The Oaks railway station">
The Oaks railway station

The Oaks railway station was a railway station that served the community of The Oaks, Greater Manchester, England.
History.
The station was opened by the Bolton, Blackburn, Clitheroe and West Yorkshire Railway (BBC&WYR) in January 1850, and was from . The BBC&WYR was renamed the Blackburn Railway on 24 July 1851, and it was amalgamated jointly into the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway (LYR) and the East Lancashire Railway (ELR) on 1 January 1858; it duly became wholly owned by the LYR in 1859 when the latter amalgamated with the ELR.
The station was closed on 6 November 1950.

</doc>
<doc id="19977469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19977469" title="List of hospitals in Nashville">
List of hospitals in Nashville

List of hospitals in Nashville, Tennessee (U.S. state), sorted alphabetically.

</doc>
<doc id="19977474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19977474" title="Shamsi">
Shamsi

Shamsi (شمسی) means "of sun" or "solar" in Arabic. 
Shamsi may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19977492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19977492" title="The Secret of Hidden Lake">
The Secret of Hidden Lake

The Secret of Hidden Lake (also titled Deadly Season outside the United States) is a television movie, starring Rena Sofer and Winston Rekert. The movie first aired on October 29, 2006 on Lifetime Network.
Plot.
A young woman named Maggie Dolan (Rena Sofer) who works at a legal aid center in Chicago, suddenly hears that her father, Frank Dolan (Winston Rekert) got injured while hunting. Maggie then returns to her hometown in Colorado to be at her father's side. During her stay, she learns that her father's injury was not an accident. As Maggie tries to unravel the mystery of what really happened, hidden secrets start to surface, putting her life in jeopardy.

</doc>
<doc id="19977506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19977506" title="Bhadaure">
Bhadaure

Bhadaure may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19977522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19977522" title="Clark Massacre">
Clark Massacre

In August, 1851, a band of Shoshoni led by Cho-Cho-Co, also known as Has No Horse, attacked a wagon train led by Thomas Clark on the Oregon Trail near where the Raft River joins the Snake River in present day Idaho. The Indian's primary objective, which was accomplished, was to steal horses accompanying the Clark party. They also killed Thomas Clark's mother and brother and one other man. The wagon train is reputed to have pioneered a southerly alternative to the established Oregon Trail and to have constituted the first white people to camp at the site of modern-day Bend, Oregon.
Thomas Clark.
Thomas Clark was an Englishman who loved hunting. He came overland to the Willamette Valley in Oregon in 1848 but soon decamped with Jackson Vandevert and others to the California gold rush. They decided to invest their gains in bringing high quality cattle and horses to Oregon. By the spring of 1851 Thomas had acquired 20 horses and a few cattle from Kentucky and Illinois. On the trail west he brought with him his mother, his 25 year old sister Grace, his 17 year old brother, Hodgson, and another married sister with her family. He had a first class hack built for Grace to drive and his mother to ride in. It may have been the first such vehicle to cross the plains. He had also become the pilot for several other Illinois families headed to Oregon. The company moved slowly so the animals could graze and arrive in Oregon in good condition.
Has No Horse.
Has-No-Horse was only twenty years old in 1851 but he was a veteran guerilla fighter. He led a band of warriors of the Tussawehee sub-tribe of the Shoshone, the most powerful tribe in the area that would become Eastern Oregon, Idaho, and Western Montana. In this area the Shoshone were often known by white people as the Snakes. By late August, the band was short of supplies, particularly good horses, guns, and ammunition. Has No Horse traveled east along the Oregon Trail to meet his uncle, Deer Fly and borrow soldiers from him. Now reinforced, he identified the Clark party as his target.
The Attack.
At about noon on Wednesday, August 6, the wagon train stopped to rest and eat lunch. As usual, Mrs. Clark, Grace, and Hodgson drove ahead to a good stopping place and began to prepare the noon-day meal. They stopped by the Raft River and Thomas Clark headed up the river to hunt ducks. The Raft River is about west of the current Massacre Rocks State Park, an area where several wagon trains were attacked later in the 1850s. Other men brought many of the horses up to the river ahead of the rest of the wagon train. 
The Indian's strategy was to have some of their number charge the main body of the wagon train at full gallop, creating the maximum amount of confusion. Meanwhile, Has No Horse and others would cut out the horses and drive them away. 
When they saw the Indians, the men with the company's horses took shelter behind some rocks by the river. Hodgson Clark was shot and killed instantly as he climbed up on a wagon wheel to get a gun from the wagon. An older Indian came to unhitch some horses that were tied to the wagon. When Mrs. Clark yelled at him he started shooting at her. When Grace put her arms around her mother to protect her, a bullet went through Grace's wrist and continued through her mother's heart, killing her instantly. 
Grace was subsequently wounded below the armpit by a bullet that passed entirely through her body. The Indians tore off her clothes. There was at least one white riding with the Indians because Grace reported that one of her attackers had blue eyes. The Indians started to scalp her but stopped when they saw a cloud of dust coming. Thomas Clark had heard the shooting and rode back at full speed with his hunting hounds baying beside him. The Indians thought he was leading a large party of whites so they threw Grace down over the bluff and rolled stones down on her, leaving scars on her forehead that remained the rest of her life. 
The main body of the wagon train was too paralyzed by the fury of the attack to come to the assistance of the Clark family. Charles Clark, Thomas' brother, organized a party to pursue the Indians and caught up to them where they had taken refuge in a natural fortress. The Indians could not be dislodged and the pursuit was abandoned. The pursuing emigrants reported several men among the Indians with long sandy-colored beards. The Indians killed one man, wounded another, and escaped with the horses.
Americus Savage's account corroborates the above story, although Savage places the events on August 18 (though this may be an error in Savage's journal - it was more likely the 8th). According to Savage, a man (possibly Charles Clark) was sent to Savage's wagon train, which was about 4 days drive ahead of Clark's company. Savage recounts that:
"The man was trying to raise a company to pursue the Indians and get back the stock and horses. We had only two horses in our company and two men volunteered to go and were soon on the way. They raised fifteen volunteers from all the companies and by hard riding overtook the Indians at 12 o'clock the same day.
...before them on a hillside they could see the horses grazing quietly... They made a charge when close to the hill. The Indians sprang up from behind bush and rock, gave the warhoop and discharged their guns into the little band of volunteers, killing one horse, mortally wounding one man and lodging a bullet in one by the name of Powell, a man from our company. They saw the folly of further effort to recover their horses from the Indians in their chosen strong hold. They therefore retreated."
Clark Continues.
Clark expected his sister to die and waited for a day or so before moving on.
The traditional story is that, rather than follow the usual route of the Oregon Trail northwest to join the Columbia River, Clark headed west until he could steer towards the mountains known as the Three Sisters in the Cascade Range. According to the story, the Clark company was the first group of whites to camp by the Deschutes River on the future site of Pioneer Park in Bend, Oregon. Menefee argues persuasively that Clark followed the usual Oregon trail in 1851 and the story has been confused with the 1853 trip of Thomas and Charles Clark when they crossed eastern Oregon south of the Blue Mountains with the "Lost Wagon Train" following the Elliott Cutoff. In either case it was Thomas Clark who gave a prominent extinct volcano within the city limits the name Pilot Butte. 
Grace Clark married Thomas' partner, Jackson Vandevert, and settled in the Willamette Valley. The couple's first of seven children, William Plutarch Vandevert, born in 1854 in Cottage Grove, Oregon, established Vandevert Ranch [http://www.vandevertranch.org/] south of Bend in 1892. Grace dedicated substantial efforts to the welfare of the local Indians. She died in 1875. Thomas, Charles, and James Clark moved to Petrolia, California in 1857 and raised cattle. James Clark returned to Oregon where his ranch (afterwards called "Burnt Ranch") was burned by the Indian marauder Chief Paulina and where James, with Howard Maupin, tracked down Chief Paulina and killed him in 1867. Thomas died in Oxnard, California, 11 November 1903 at the age of 88 years.

</doc>
<doc id="19977551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19977551" title="Crushing Digits">
Crushing Digits

Crushing Digits is the second studio album by the Danish electrorock band VETO. It was released May 2008 in Denmark and in September in rest of Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="19977591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19977591" title="Syncopy Inc.">
Syncopy Inc.

Syncopy Inc. is a British film production company based in London, England. The company was founded by award winning film director, screenwriter and producer Christopher Nolan and his wife Emma Thomas as co-founder. The name Syncopy Films derives from "syncope", the medical term for fainting or loss of consciousness.
History.
In 2005, Christopher Nolan partnered with Legendary Pictures to produce "Batman Begins" (2005), "The Prestige" (2006), "The Dark Knight" (2008), "Inception" (2010), and "The Dark Knight Rises" (2012) for Warner Bros. Pictures. Syncopy's most recent production is Zack Snyder's "Man of Steel" (2013).
Nolan will return to the director's chair for his newest film "Interstellar" (2014); the film will be produced by Paramount and Warner Bros., and will be released on November 7, 2014, with Paramount handling US distribution and Warner Bros. handling international distribution.

</doc>
<doc id="19977612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19977612" title="Jane Marken">
Jane Marken

Jane Marken (born Jeanne Berthe Adolphine Crabbe, sometimes credited as Jeanne Marken 13 January 1895, Paris 10th arrondissement – 1 December 1976, Paris 4th arrondissement) was a French actress. She was the first wife of the actor Jules Berry.
Marken began her film career under the aegis of Abel Gance in 1915. She made several films with Marcel Carné including "Hotel du Nord" (1938), and as Madame Hermine, the hotelier (a comic role) in "Les Enfants du Paradis" (1945). She also appeared in films of Julien Duvivier, Jacques Becker, Sacha Guitry, Renoir's "Partie de campagne" ("A Day in the Country" 1936), Yves Allégret's "Une si jolie petite plage" (1949) and "Manèges" (1950), "Dr. Knock" (1951), "The Turkey" (1951), and in Roger Vadim's "And God Created Woman" (1956). Her last appearance was in "L'Humeur vagabonde" (1971), directed by Édouard Luntz.

</doc>
<doc id="19977639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19977639" title="Mart de Kruif">
Mart de Kruif

Mart de Kruif MSM is a three-star general in the Royal Netherlands Army and currently serves as its executive commander.
Biography.
De Kruif received his military education at the Military Academy in Breda. Later he was also educated at the Führungsakademie der Bundeswehr and the U.S. Army War College. He held several positions within the Netherlands Army before he became commander of the 43 Gemechaniseerde Brigade in Havelte in 2007.
On November 1, 2008 he was promoted to Major General. On the same day he took over the Regional Command South (RC-S) of the International Security Assistance Force (ISAF) in Afghanistan from Canadian Major General Marc Lessard. Under his command the size of RC-S doubled to 40.000 troops. He held this command until November 1, 2009, when he was succeeded by British Major General Nick Carter.
From May 2010 till October 2011 he served as the Deputy Commander of the Royal Netherlands Army. Promoted to Lieutenant General on October 17, 2011, de Kruif assumed the post of Commander of the Royal Netherlands Army on October 25.

</doc>
<doc id="19977673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19977673" title="League of Iraqi Communists">
League of Iraqi Communists

League of Iraqi Communists () was a communist organisation in Iraq, led by Daud as-Sayegh. The League was founded in February 1944, after a split in the Iraqi Communist Party. As-Sayegh had revolted against Fahd's leadership in the Iraqi Communist Party, accusing him of adventurism and undemocratic practices. The League published the publication "al-'Amal".

</doc>
<doc id="19977675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19977675" title="Victoria Valley">
Victoria Valley

Victoria Valley is one of the larger McMurdo Dry Valleys. Lake Vida is the largest lake of the valley. The Victoria River drains the Upper Victoria Glacier, with Upper Victoria Lake just below it and northwest of Lake Vida, into Vida Lake on its western side. Lake Thomas is east of Lake Vida.

</doc>
<doc id="19977679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19977679" title="Andy Davies (musician)">
Andy Davies (musician)

Andrew "Andy" Davies (born February 1981) is a Welsh jazz trumpet player. At the London Jazz Festival, 2007, he played the role of Chet Baker in the play, "Speedball". 
According to Dave Gelly of The observer, "Andy Davies has a lovely trumpet sound, and in the totally acoustic setting of a small club, it blossoms.". In addition to his musical talents, Davies also provides continuity announcements on digital television channel 5*.

</doc>
<doc id="19977702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19977702" title="Wrestling at the 1972 Summer Olympics – Men's freestyle 90 kg">
Wrestling at the 1972 Summer Olympics – Men's freestyle 90 kg

The Men's Freestyle 90 kg at the 1972 Summer Olympics as part of the wrestling program at the Fairgrounds, Judo and Wrestling Hall.
Tournament results.
The competition used a form of negative points tournament, with negative points given for any result short of a fall. Accumulation of 6 negative points eliminated the wrestler. When only two or three wrestlers remain, a special final round is used to determine the order of the medals.
Final.
Results from the preliminary round are carried forward into the final (shown in yellow).

</doc>
<doc id="19977712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19977712" title="Darren Holden (musician)">
Darren Holden (musician)

Darren Holden (born 29 October 1972) is an Irish singer-songwriter who has performed on Broadway as part of "Riverdance" and "Movin' Out", and in the national tours for both shows. His debut album, "Suddenly", released in Ireland and Europe in 1998, contained three Top 30 hit singles.
"Rhythm of the Dance", "Riverdance" and "Movin' Out".
Born in the County Kilkenny town of Mooncoin, Darren Holden toured Europe, Russia and Asia extensively from 1994 to 1999, including support slots with such top performers as Paul Young, Belinda Carlisle, Bonnie Tyler, and Uriah Heep.
He joined the new Irish dance/musical "Rhythm of the Dance" as lead vocalist in 1999 and spent 10 months performing in Scandinavia, Germany, Hungary, Belgium and Yugoslavia. He joined the Broadway production of "Riverdance" in February 2000 as a featured vocalist. The show ran for 18 months and included promo slots on NBC's "Today Show" and CBS' "Early Show".
While in New York City, New York Holden teamed with country music producer Don Dinicola and recorded an album of contemporary/traditional country tunes. Recording took place in New York as well as at OmniSound in Nashville. Featured musicians included members of the Dixie Chicks band. US country radio embraced the album, and by the end of 2003, three of the tracks had featured heavily on the airplay charts including "Blood and Smoke" which was released by Universal Records, with Miles Copeland's "ARK 21" label releasing "Wherever You Are" (a number 17 hit) and "Ecstatic Electricity". Rodney Crowell once referred to Holden as an Irish Bryan White and invited him to Nashville. He co-wrote the song "Wendy's World" with Michael A. Martone.
Holden left "Riverdance" in June 2003 and moved directly back to Broadway as the lead piano man in the Billy Joel/Twyla Tharp rock musical "Movin' Out". He was hand-picked for the job by Joel. He performed the role on Broadway for six months before originating the lead role for the US National Tour, which ran from January 2004 to January 2007. He appeared on hundreds of early morning TV and radio shows during this period including NBC, Fox, ABC and CBS. The show also performed in Toronto and Japan.
In August 2006 he released a new CD called "Roadworks", much of which he wrote himself. Produced by Bryan Steele (Movin' Out) and Tommy Byrnes (Billy Joel, Stray Cats, Enrique), the album was a success in the US and more notably Japan, where Holden had a massive promotional campaign.
In addition to Paul Young, Belinda Carlisle, Bonnie Tyler and Uriah Heep, he has also worked with such bands and artists as Boyzone, B*Witched and Peter Andre. His rendition of the US National Anthem has garnered such respect that he has even been invited to sing it for President George W. Bush at the Annual White House Christmas Pageant of Peace and Tree Lighting Ceremony in Washington, D.C.
The High Kings.
In June 2007, Holden was invited to become a member of The High Kings, a brand new Irish ballad group. Their debut CD was released on EMI in February 2008 and hit #2 on the Billboard world music charts, as well as hitting the top spot on various Amazon Music Charts. It reached #7 in their native Ireland and has since been certified platinum. There have been three sold out tours of the USA and Ireland.
Holden performed solo in March 2009 with The Kilkenny Gospel Choir, at St Mary's Cathedral, Kilkenny. He was most recently seen endorsing Optilase Laser Eye Clinic in a TV advertisement for MTV, Sky TV, Channel 4, E4 and TV3. In August 2009, the Sunday World and Daily Mirror newspaper's reported that "Slash" was headhunting Holden to replace Scott Weiland as the new "Velvet Revolver" lead vocalist. Sources close to the LA based group confirmed that Holden had been in talks and material had been recorded.
Holden recently joined his former Boyzone pals, Keith Duffy and Mikey Graham on a charity mountain trek in Peru, to raise funds for Autism Action Ireland and, in October 2009, was back in the recording studio putting the finishing touches on the new High Kings album, which was slated for a 2010 release. Other deals would secure the use of his compositions by the games "Rockband" game and the newly-issued "Wii Fit Family Fun".
On 16 October, Holden attended the funeral of Boyzone friend Stephen Gately, along with members of Westlife, Andrew Lloyd Webber, Jason Donovan, David Furnish, and various other figures from the entertainment world. Holden toured extensively with the Dublin group during 1995–97.
Holden attended the Keith Duffy Masquerade Ball with his wife Michelle on Saturday, 5 December in Dublin. He was a special guest performer on the night along with Aslan and Keith Barry.
On Monday, 7 December, "entertainment.ie" reported him having attended the funeral of Irish folk legend Liam Clancy in Waterford.
The "New York Post" rumor section claimed Holden held a backstage meeting with a musical director at prominent new Broadway musical "Memphis" on 1 December. Sources close to him have since denied any such meeting, stating he merely "popped in to say hi".
The High Kings brand new album "Memory Lane" was released on 12 February 2010 and rocketed to number 5 in the Irish album charts immediately, following another appearance on "The Late Late Show", and further appearances on RTÉ 1 and TV3.
Their 3rd National tour began on 21 February with most of the twenty-four dates selling out in minutes.
Holden has been mentoring brand new Irish ballad group "Na Fianna" on their quest to be The all Ireland talent Show champions.
On February 25, Holden and his wife gathered with numerous industry friends including Keith Duffy, Keith Barry, and Rosanna Davison to bid farewell to celebrity optician and socialite Niall Mcrudden who died suddenly on 21 February.
Darren Holden is rumored to be in talks with an Irish TV channel about a possible appearance on a travel documentary, as of July this year.
The High Kings have completed their first US tour in almost 2 years, including dates in New York and Chicago.
On 9 October Holden was one of seven Irish celebrities to spend a week in Tanzania while climbing Mount Kilimanjaro in aid of Our Lady's Hospital for Sick Children in Crumlin. Other big names on the climb were TV presenters Sile Seoige and Kathryn Thomas, radio personalities Ruth Scott and Jenny Buckley and comedians Karl Spain and Alan Shortt. Holden completed the climb in 5 days and commented that "it was the most physically and mentally challenging week of his life". An RTE television documentary on the event was recorded for broadcast in 2011.
The documentary was shown on RTE 1 television on July 18, 2011 and ratings showed that in excess of 500,000 viewers tuned in.
The High Kings have been on their fourth sellout Irish Tour and released a charity single "Whiskey in the Jar" with 8-year-old Adam O'Sullivan, who suffers from a benign brain tumor, with all proceeds again going to Crumlin Hospital and Children's University Hospital, Temple Street. The song was launched with another appearance on "The Late Late Show" with Adam and Darren chatting to host Ryan Tubridy after the performance.
The High Kings have continuously been on the road touring "Memory Lane" in the last 12 months, taking in concerts in countries such as Ireland, UK, Holland, Germany, Norway and the USA.
they are currently working on a brand new album, due for release in late 2012.
On July 11, 2012, The Daily Star newspaper reported that Darren Holden is currently on an intense vocal course to combat a vocal fold nodule, that, if not addressed properly could have a drastic effect on his singing voice.
The High Kings are due to return to the USA in late July to perform at various summer festivals in the mid west and on the east coast.
Recently, Velvet Revolver drummer, Matt Sorum mentioned that the band had been talking about auditioning Holden again to be their new frontman, replacing Scott Weiland.

</doc>
<doc id="19977714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19977714" title="Texas Tech Red Raiders football under Mike Leach">
Texas Tech Red Raiders football under Mike Leach

Mike Leach was the 14th head coach of the Texas Tech Red Raiders college football team and served in that role from 2000 to 2009. He compiled an 84–43 record (.661 winning percentage), and holds the school record for wins. 
2000.
The Red Raiders offense scored 330 points while the defense allowed 278 points. It was Mike Leach’s first season as head coach.
Source:
2001.
Source:
2002.
Kliff Kingsbury was the recipient of the Sammy Baugh Trophy. Lawrence Flugence set the NCAA single-season record for most tackles.
Source:
2003.
B.J. Symons was the recipient of the Sammy Baugh Trophy and Wes Welker was the recipient of the Mosi Tatupu Award.
Source:
2004.
Source:
2005.
Source:
Game notes.
Oklahoma.
It was Mike Leach's first victory versus Bob Stoops.

</doc>
<doc id="19977718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19977718" title="Xin Los Angeles">
Xin Los Angeles

Xin Los Angeles is a container ship owned and operated by China Shipping Container Lines. She was the largest in the world at the time of her completion in 2006, but since been overtaken in size by the Maersk Line's "Emma Maersk", "Gudrun Mærsk" and "Axel Mærsk". "Xin Los Angeles" has a capacity of 9,600 TEUs, and is one of a class of six. She is registered in Hong Kong.
Design.
"Xin Los Angeles" was launched in 2004 in the ship-yard of Hyundai Heavy Industries and was completed in 2006. She has a deadweight tonnage of 107,200 metric tons, is 336.7 meters long and has a beam of 45.6 meters and a draft of 14.3 meters, when fully loaded. The design of the hull allows for decreased water resistance and the hull paint prevents the growth of duckweed and molluscs.
Engine.
"Xin Los Angeles" main engines are MAN B&W 12K98MC-C Mk6. During sea trials the ship achieved a ballast service speed of 25.4 knots. At full power the engines provide 68,520 kW and a cruising speed when fully loaded of 23.4 knots.

</doc>
<doc id="19977768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19977768" title="35th General Assembly of Nova Scotia">
35th General Assembly of Nova Scotia

The 35th General Assembly of Nova Scotia represented Nova Scotia between 1911 and 1916.
The Liberal Party led by George Henry Murray formed the government.
James F. Ellis was named speaker in 1912.
The assembly was dissolved on May 22, 1916.
List of Members.
Notes:

</doc>
<doc id="19977791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19977791" title="Giuseppe Alessi">
Giuseppe Alessi

Giuseppe Alessi (29 October 1905 – 13 July 2009) was an Italian politician.
Biographic account.
He was born in San Cataldo in the province of Caltanissetta (Sicily). He was one of the founding members of the Christian Democratic (Democrazia Cristiana) party on the island and became the first elected President of the Regional Government of Sicily. He was a member of the reform wing of the DC. From 1968 to 1972, he was a member of the Italian Chamber of Deputies.
Journalist Alexander Stille interviewed Alessi in the 1990s and asked him about the relations between the Christian Democrats and the Mafia: ""It happened this way. Some people in the Christian Democratic Party approached the separatists, whose backbone were these Mafia bosses and invited them to join the national parties ... he Mafiosi were looking for the road to power, to secure the support they needed for their economic affairs. If the mayor was Republican, they became Republican, if he was Socialist, they were Socialist, if he was Christian Democrat they became Christian Democrat.""
Alessi now defends them as a necessary evil of the Cold War period: ""The Christian Democrats subordinated their ideals for a supreme interest of national importance: saving the democratic state. The victory of Communism would have meant Italy ended up behind the Iron Curtain.""
Political views.
Alessi's justification of his party's dealings with the Mafia is based on a romantic view of the Mafia of the 1940s an 1950s: ""They weren't criminals, they were local potentates, neighbourhood bosses, proud men of prestige. Their crimes were basically economic - fraud, forgery, illegal appropriation of property - but they disliked real crime.""
Death.
Alessi died in Palermo, aged 103, on 13 July 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19977794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19977794" title="Petr Eben International Organ Competition">
Petr Eben International Organ Competition

Petr Eben International Organ Competition (or The Competition for Young Organists) is held in Opava in the Czech republic since 1978. 
The competition consists of 3 rounds. At the "Petr Bezruč Library", the "Church of the Holy Ghost" and the "Cathedral of the Assumption of Our Lady" in Opava.

</doc>
<doc id="19977799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19977799" title="Gordon Mawhinney">
Gordon Mawhinney

Gordon Mawhinney (born 4 January 1943) is a former politician in Northern Ireland.
Mawhinney married Maureen Gribben (born 5 January 1943) on 4 April 1967. In 1981, Mawhinney stood for the Alliance Party of Northern Ireland in Newtownabbey District "C", but was not elected. However, he was elected to the Northern Ireland Assembly, 1982, in South Antrim. He stood in the equivalent Westminster constituency at the 1983 general election, receiving 11.9% of the votes cast, and increased his share to 16.0% at the 1987 general election, in which he took second place.
In 1987, Mawhinney was elected as Deputy Leader of the Alliance Party, a position which he held until he resigned in 1991, claiming "health and business reasons". In 1989, he finally won a seat on Newtownabbey Borough Council, in Manse Road In 1993, he instead won a University seat, but he did not restand in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="19977815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19977815" title="Lerman">
Lerman

Lerman is an Ashkenazi Jewish surname. It may refer to:
"For the similar surname, see" Lehrman.

</doc>
<doc id="19977818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19977818" title="Oaxaca TV">
Oaxaca TV

Oaxaca TV is a statewide public television network owned and operated by CORTV ("Corporación Oaxaqueña de Radio y Televisión": Oaxacan Radio and Television Corporation), the public broadcaster of the Mexican state of Oaxaca. The network's main station, XHAOX-TV channel 9, is based in the state capital, Oaxaca.
Transmitters.
"Oaxaca TV" programming is broadcast across Oaxaca via an extensive repeater chain, employing more than fifty transmitters statewide. All transmitters are owned by the government of the State of Oaxaca.
Oaxaca TV is also available on C-band via the SatMex 5 satellite at 116.8°W.

</doc>
<doc id="19977844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19977844" title="Voodoo Envy">
Voodoo Envy

The Voodoo Envy 133 is a notebook computer designed by VoodooPC after its acquisition by Hewlett-Packard. It is positioned as a mobile ultraportable notebook and was introduced at HP’s Connecting Your World Live event in Berlin, Germany on June 10, 2008. 
Overview.
The chassis of the Voodoo Envy is made of carbon fiber, and it weighs 1.7kg (3.73 lbs) and is 1.8cm (0.70 inches) thick all around. The system utilizes the Windows Vista operating system as well as a Linux kernel dubbed “Voodoo Instant On” or “Voodoo IOS.” The laptop has often been compared to the MacBook Air for its similar size and specifications. HP claimed it to be the world's thinnest notebook, although this record has now been broken, as it is 0.70 inches throughout, whereas the Dell Adamo is .65 inches thick all around. 
According to the specifications, its 3-cell Lithium ion battery will provide “Up to 3 hr 10 min battery life, depending on usage”.

</doc>
<doc id="19977871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19977871" title="Alampu">
Alampu

alampu is a village development committee in Dolakha District in the Janakpur Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3392 people living in 739 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19977878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19977878" title="Iraqi Communist Vanguard Organisation">
Iraqi Communist Vanguard Organisation

Iraqi Communist Vanguard Organisation was a political organization in Iraq. The organisation was set up by the Baathist regime after the break between the Baath Party and the Iraqi Communist Party in 1979. The Iraqi Communist Vanguard Organisation was used by the regime to issue criticism against the Communist Party, claiming that the Communist Party had 'given up the struggle'.

</doc>
<doc id="19977950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19977950" title="The Philanthropist (TV series)">
The Philanthropist (TV series)

The Philanthropist is an American action drama series that premiered on NBC on Wednesday, June 24, 2009. The program was a limited summer series, principally filmed in South Africa. It opened to strong ratings, but saw a drop in viewers in subsequent weeks. "The Philanthropist" is a Carnival Films production in association with The Levinson/Fontana Company and Original Media. Tom Fontana, Barry Levinson, Peter Horton, Charlie Corwin, Gareth Neame, and Teri Weinberg served as executive producers.
On October 21, 2009, the series was canceled by NBC. Fans attempts to keep the show on the air using Facebook and a charitable cause called "Save "The Philanthropist" through Charity" were unsuccessful.
Synopsis.
The title character, Teddy Rist (portrayed by James Purefoy), is a billionaire playboy haunted by the death of his only child. His life changes when he rescues a young boy during a hurricane in Nigeria. As a result, Rist begins using his fortune to personally change the lives of others. "The Philanthropist" is based loosely on the life of Bobby Sager.
Non-US showings and re-airings.
In December 2010 and January 2011, the show was aired in Australia on 7Two, a Seven Network digital channel. In August 2013 started on polish TVP1.
Home video.
As of August 2009, all 8 episodes can be viewed on Hulu until September 18, 2011.
The complete series was released on January 5, 2010 on DVD in Region 1. It was released as a two-disc set, with a total running time of 300 minutes. As of February 2010 there is no future release date for other regions.
Inspiration.
The Philanthropist is inspired by the hands-on philanthropy of Bobby Sager.

</doc>
<doc id="19977970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19977970" title="Contact (Platinum Blonde album)">
Contact (Platinum Blonde album)

Contact, the 3rd album from the new wave band Platinum Blonde, was released in 1987. Canadian sales of "Alien Shores" and "Contact" exceeded 100,000 copies.
The album featured a blistering rendition of the Ohio Players classic "Fire" as the third single.
Credits.
The band gives credit to the following people.

</doc>
<doc id="19977972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19977972" title="Großsiedlung Siemensstadt">
Großsiedlung Siemensstadt

The Siemensstadt Housing Estate (; also known as "Ring Estate" or "Ringsiedlung") is a nonprofit residential community in the Charlottenburg-Wilmersdorf district of Berlin. It is one of the six Modernist Housing Estates in Berlin recognized in July 2008 by UNESCO as a World Heritage Site.
Geography.
Despite its name, the larger part of the estate is situated within the locality ("Ortsteil") of Charlottenburg-Nord, only the smaller westernmost part belongs to Siemensstadt in the district of Spandau.
History.
It was built between 1929 and 1931, under the overall master plan of German architect Hans Scharoun. Seven prominent Weimar-era architects took part: Scharoun, Fred Forbat, Otto Bartning, Walter Gropius, Paul Rudolph Henning, and Hugo Häring. The nickname "Ringsiedlung" came from the association of these architects with Der Ring collective. 
The open spaces were designed by the German modernist landscape architect Leberecht Migge. 
Unlike the other significant public housing projects of the time, which were produced under government cooperative Gehag sponsorship, the Siemensstadt was constructed by a private housing cooperative as worker housing for Siemens' nearby electrical factory, which employed 60,000 workers. The streets and squares of the settlement were named for engineers, physicists and inventors whose performance contributed to the success of Siemens AG. 
The shape of the settlement marked a turning point in urban thinking, the point at which Berlin's city planner Martin Wagner abandoned a low-rise, garden city-style project with individual gardens, in favor of much denser multi-story apartment blocks.

</doc>
<doc id="19977980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19977980" title="1958 World Figure Skating Championships">
1958 World Figure Skating Championships

The World Figure Skating Championships is an annual figure skating competition sanctioned by the International Skating Union in which figure skaters compete for the title of World Champion.
The 1958 competitions for men, ladies, pairs and ice dancing took place February 13 to February 15, 1958 in Paris, France.
It was the first time that a team from the Soviet Union entered the competition.
Results.
Men.
Judges were
Ladies.
Judges were
Pairs.
Judges were
Ice Dancing.
Judges were

</doc>
<doc id="19977993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19977993" title="Jack Lee (footballer)">
Jack Lee (footballer)

John "Jack" Lee (4 November 1920 – 12 January 1995) was an English footballer who played as a forward. He scored 136 goals from 231 appearances in the Football League playing for Leicester City, Derby County and Coventry City, and was capped once by England. Lee was born in Sileby, Leicestershire and died in Rugby, Warwickshire, and also played first-class cricket for Leicestershire.
Lee began his professional career with Leicester City, moving to Derby County in 1950. He won his only England cap that same year when he played and scored in their 4–1 win over Northern Ireland at Windsor Park. He finished his career in 1955 at Coventry City.
At cricket, Lee was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-pace bowler. He made a single first-class appearance for Leicestershire, in 1947, against Glamorgan. Lee scored 3 runs in the first innings and a duck in the second, and took 1/13 from four overs.

</doc>
<doc id="19977999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19977999" title="1997–98 New York Knicks season">
1997–98 New York Knicks season

The 1997–98 New York Knicks season was the 52nd season for the team in the National Basketball Association (NBA). In the regular season, the Knicks had a 43–39 record, which placed them in a tie for second in the Atlantic Division. Despite their lowest winning percentage since the 1990–91 season, the team qualified for the NBA Playoffs as the seventh seed. They also hosted the 1998 NBA All-Star Game.
The 1998 NBA Playoffs matched the Knicks against the Miami Heat, who had eliminated the Knicks in the 1997 playoffs in a series that featured a brawl during Game 5. The altercation led to the suspension of six players, including five Knicks. In the 1998 series, another brawl occurred in the closing seconds of Game 4, which the Knicks won to even the series at two games each. Larry Johnson and Alonzo Mourning exchanged punches, and Knicks coach Jeff Van Gundy clung to one of Mourning's legs at one point in an attempt to separate the two. Three players were suspended for Game 5, including Johnson, Mourning, and forward Chris Mills, who left the bench during the fight. New York won Game 5 to advance to the second round, where it lost to the Indiana Pacers in five games.
Playoffs.
East First Round.
(2) Miami Heat vs. (7) New York Knicks
Last Playoff Meeting: 1997 Eastern Conference Semifinals (Miami won 4-3)
East Conference Semifinals.
(3) Indiana Pacers vs. (7) New York Knicks
Last Playoff Meeting: 1995 Eastern Conference Semifinals (Indiana won 4-3)

</doc>
<doc id="19978001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978001" title="Greatest Hits (Steve Harley and Cockney Rebel album)">
Greatest Hits (Steve Harley and Cockney Rebel album)

Greatest Hits is a compilation album by the British band, Steve Harley & Cockney Rebel, released on the EMI label in May 1987.
Track listing.
Side 2.
All songs written by Steve Harley except where indicated.

</doc>
<doc id="19978012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978012" title="Egerton Bagot Byrd Levett-Scrivener">
Egerton Bagot Byrd Levett-Scrivener

Captain Egerton Bagot Byrd Levett-Scrivener (1857-1954) was a Royal Navy Flag Lieutenant and aide to Vice Admiral George Willes in the Far East. He was later promoted to Captain, and following his retirement became Bursar of Keble College, Oxford University. Born Egerton Levett, he changed his name to Levett-Scrivener on an inheritance from his aunt of Scrivener family properties at Sibton Abbey, Suffolk, which he later managed. Levett was married to the daughter of English diplomat and ambassador Sir Harry Smith Parkes.
Egerton Levett was the son of Col. Richard Byrd Levett of Milford Hall, Staffordshire and his wife Elizabeth Mary (Mirehouse) Levett. Egerton Levett entered the service of the Royal Navy, where during a posting as aide to Admiral Willes in 1884, he met Mabel Desborough Parkes, the daughter of Ambassador Parkes, who was then serving as British ambassador to China and Korea. Levett and Miss Parkes were married in 1884, and in 1885 their son Evelyn Harry Byrd Levett was born, prompting Ambassador Parkes to write "one of his happiest letters... written in January 1885 to his daughter, Mrs. Levett, on the memorable occasion when he became a grandfather."
In 1889, Levett inherited the Sibton Abbey Manor from his aunt.
In 1890, six years after their marriage, Levett's wife Mabel was killed in a fall from her horse. A year later, in 1891, Levett married in Bristol his cousin Mary Millicent Mirehouse. (Levett's mother was a Mirehouse, and his brother Richard Byrd Levett ultimately also changed his name to Richard Walter Byrd Mirehouse on succeeding to Mirehouse family property at The Hall, Angle, Pembrokeshire, where by-then Richard W.B. Mirehouse served as High Sheriff of Pembrokeshire as well as Lieutenant Colonel of 4th Batt. North Staffs Regiment.) 
Levett-Scrivener became an avid agriculturalist and farmer on the Sibton Abbey estate. He improved the farmland, and studied the manorial records of the Sibton properties, which were still in family hands, and shared them with historians. Levett-Scrivener tracked the produce grown on the farms, the cost of labor and the rentals accruing to the Scrivener owners. He also opened the Abbey periodically to county historians and antiquarians so they could investigate the ruins of the once-wealthy abbey, which had fallen during the Dissolution of the Monasteries to the Howard family. 
The Levett-Scrivener family has longstanding ties to the Royal Navy. Egerton Levett-Scrivener's son Evelyn Harry Byrd, named in part for his grandfather Parkes, also joined the Royal Navy, where he rose to the rank of Commander. Among the ancestors of the family is another Royal Navy stalwart, Admiral William Bligh, captain of the ill-fated HMS Bounty during its mutiny. 
Royal Navy Commander Egerton Levett-Scrivener died in 1954. He had two siblings, and the three were baptized at the Berkswich, Staffordshire, church where their father Levett-Scrivener worshipped as a child. 
The Levett-Scriveners, and most of their Scrivener relatives, are buried at St. Peter's Church in Sibton, near Yoxford, Suffolk. Among the descendants of Egerton Levett-Scrivener is a branch of the Joly de Lotbiniere family of East Anglia. In 2005, the Levett-Scrivener family felt compelled to purchase the local village post office and shop facing closure in this quiet corner of rural England. 

</doc>
<doc id="19978029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978029" title="All Saints Catholic School (Omaha)">
All Saints Catholic School (Omaha)

All Saints Catholic School is a parochial school in South Omaha, Nebraska, USA serving pre-Kindergarten through eighth grade. It is religiously affiliated with the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Omaha, and is located next door to the St. Frances Cabrini Church. Graduates of All Saints Catholic School often attend Catholic preparatory schools throughout Omaha, including Mercy High School, Creighton Prep High School, Gross High School and Roncalli Catholic High School.
History.
All Saints Catholic School draws from seven distinct parishes: Immaculate Conception, St. Frances Cabrini, St. Joseph, St. Mary Magdalene, St. Patrick, St. Peter and St. Rose. The school was founded to fill the needs of the families in downtown and southeastern Omaha.
Religious activities.
Students attend Mass two times a week, parents are strongly encouraged to participate in Mass services, and students also have the opportunity to receive the Sacrament of Reconciliation every three months during the school year. All School Masses are held on any holy day when the students are in attendance.
During the month of May students honor Mary, the Mother of God, through a crowning ceremony. The students proceed from St. Frances Cabrini Church to St. Joseph Church, during which time students pray the Rosary. The May Crowning Queen is elected from among the eighth grade girls. The teacher and administration give nominees to the Pastor for a final decision.
Students at All Saints Catholic School are taught traditional Catholic prayers and informal petition prayers over the course of their K-8 attendance.
Athletics.
In addition to a rich academic life, many All Saints Students participate in sports through the Catholic Youth Organization. Boys and girls alike take part in basketball, while girls are also able to play volleyball.

</doc>
<doc id="19978034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978034" title="Raymond Picard">
Raymond Picard

Raymond Picard (6 August 1917; Paris, France – 5 September 1975; Bligny, France) was a French author, prominent Sorbonne professor and Jean Racine scholar. He is noted for his scathing tract "Nouvelle critique ou nouvelle imposture?" ("New Criticism or New Fraud?"), which was aimed at the "subjective" analytical approach of Roland Barthes (as found in "On Racine") and other non-traditional approaches by writers and academics of "New Criticism", including Lucien Goldmann, Charles Maroun, Jean-Paul Weber and Jean-Pierre Richard. Barthes' response to this critique came in the form of "Critique et vérité", which postulated a 'science of criticism' to replace the 'university criticism' perpetuated by Picard and his colleagues   The heated, public debate between Picard and Barthes became somewhat of a watershed moment in the development of literary structuralism. Picard felt that "Barthes was 'the instrument of a criticism that operates by instinct,' that uses a pseudoscientific jargon to make inept and absurd assertions in the name of biological, psychoanalytic and philosophic knowledge" and of "New Criticism" believed that "the mixture of impressionism and dogmatism set to a modernist rhythm of indetermination 'makes it possible to say absolutely any stupid thing'."

</doc>
<doc id="19978048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978048" title="The Best of Niemen">
The Best of Niemen

The Best of Niemen - compilation of Czesław Niemen's greatest hits released between 1966 and 1969.

</doc>
<doc id="19978054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978054" title="Walter P. Schuetze">
Walter P. Schuetze

Walter P. Schuetze was Chief Accountant of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission during 1992-1995. He is known for being an advocate of mark-to-market accounting, which increases consistency between accounting statements' asset values and actual values of assets.
His testimony before congress in 2002 regarding the collapse of Enron seems, in 2008, to be prescient: "The problem is rooted in our rules for financial reporting. Those financial reporting rules need deep and fundamental reform. Unless we change those rules, nothing will change. The problems will persist. Today’s crisis as portrayed by the surprise collapse of Enron is the same kind of crisis that arose in the 1970s when Penn Central surprisingly collapsed and in the 1980s when hundreds of savings and loan associations collapsed, which precipitated the S&L bailout by the Federal government. Similar crises have arisen in Australia, Canada, Great Britain, and South Africa. There will be more of these crises unless the underlying rules are changed."
In 2008, he was listed in the Accounting Hall of Fame.
Schuetze was born in 1932.

</doc>
<doc id="19978058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978058" title="Niha Chouf">
Niha Chouf

Niha ( ) is a town in the Chouf which belongs to Mount Lebanon of Lebanon. 
The town is 24 miles from Beirut and it has about 2,750 hectares; there are 3,500 inhabitants approximately. However, there are only two public schools in the city. It is famous because of its olive groves and its grapes, apples, plums and almonds production. Its tourist attractions are "The church of Saint Joseph", "El Qa'ah Spring", "The prophet Job tomb" and "The Niha's Castle". Like all Lebanon's corners Niha owns whether cultural or historical richness that dwells in the heritage of this country. The renowned Lebanese singer Wadih El Safi was born in Niha, and he's one of the most important mawwal performers of Lebanon and in the Middle East. The main population speaks Lebanese Arabic.
Etymology.
The name Niha is used by four Lebanese cities: Niha, Zahlé; Niha, Batroun; Niha, Tyre and Niha, Chouf. 
The word neeha is Syriac and denotes to the place the character of "calm, peaceful"
History.
According to a Druze legend there is a relatively modern structure located in a hill overlooking Niha town in the Chouf that is supposed to be the burial site of the prophet Job. Niha is one of the most known destinations. There are many caves, natural and man-made. One among them, a cave-fortress that was cut into a cliff during the Crusades between 1165–1260, is named "Niha's Castle" or "Shakif Tiro". According to the popular tale prince Fakhreddine El Ma'ani II hid there when fleeing of the Ottomans in 1635. However, the accurate historic version links these events to prince's father: Korkomaz during 1584.

</doc>
<doc id="19978073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978073" title="Jack LaSota">
Jack LaSota

John A. ("Jack") LaSota is a former Arizona Attorney General (1977–1978). LaSota also served as Bruce Babbitt's Chief of Staff when the former was governor of Arizona. He is now a lobbyist for the firm LaSota & Peters, P.L.C.
Legal and Lobbying Career.
Jack LaSota is a well-respected member of the Arizona State Bar and has had a distinguished legal career. He has drafted innumerable statutes, including telephonic search warrant and electronic eavesdropping laws, many of which are still on the books. He also spent three years at the Arizona State University College of Law as a faculty member and assistant dean, during which tenure his principal role was to draft and circulate nationwide to over 500 agencies pioneering Model Rules for Law Enforcement. In his nearly four years with the Office of Attorney General, he edited and authored hundreds of attorney general opinions. More recently, he was a charter member of the Lottery Commission, and just concluded over ten year’s service as a charter member of the Governor’s Regulatory Review Council. In the latter role, he reviewed thousands of draft rules for clarity, conciseness, economic impact, and legal authority. He spent six years in the 1980s as an adjunct professor of law at ASU College of Law, teaching State and Local Government.

</doc>
<doc id="19978076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978076" title="Chiang Mai Zoo">
Chiang Mai Zoo

Chiang Mai Zoo is a zoo located on 100 Huay Kaew Road, Chiang Mai, Thailand, just north of Chiang Mai University. It is the first commercial zoo in Northern Thailand, and was established on 16 June 1977.
History.
In 1950 the U.S government sent military advisers to train tribal police along the border of Thailand. Among them was Harold Mason Young, son of American missionaries, who had been born in Burma. Young started helping injured animals, and his collection started getting visitors. The Chiang Mai provincial government set aside at the base of Suthep Mountain, and the facility was opened to the public in 1957.
When Young died in 1974, the property was taken over by Chiang Mai province. The zoo was expanded to its current , transferred to the Zoological Park Organization under the patronage of the King of Thailand, and opened as the official zoo of Chang Mai province in 1977.
Exhibits.
Chiang Mai Zoo is privately operated and includes a large variety of animals. In addition, it provides two large aquariums. On 28 October 2008, an aquatic tunnel with a length of (the world's longest tunnel aquarium) was opened to the public. It also has a marine aquarium, which is the largest one in Asia.
Animals.
Overall, 400 animal species are represented in the zoo including koalas, Humboldt penguins, Cape fur seals, the only rhino in Thailand, hippos, flamingos, giraffes, zebras, ostriches, camels, lions, tigers, Barbary sheep, Malayan tapir, and many types of reptiles. The zoo is also home to two elephants and three giant pandas.
Giant pandas Lin Hui and Chuang Chuang arrived at the zoo on 12 October 2003, and are on 10-year loan from China. Their daughter Lin Bing was born at the zoo on 27 May 2009, and will be returned to China when she is two years old. Lin Bing is one of just a few giant pandas born in captivity outside of China.
Transportation.
The Chiang Mai Zoo Monorail was opened in 2005. It takes visitors around the premises to four stations. The trains are air conditioned and can transport 50–70 passengers. The zoo also has trams that can take visitors around the zoo. Fees are charged for both modes of transportation.

</doc>
<doc id="19978101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978101" title="Plectronoceras">
Plectronoceras

Plectronoceras is the earliest known shelly cephalopod, dating to the Upper Cambrian.
"Plectronoceras" is the type genus of the family Plectronoceratidae.

</doc>
<doc id="19978108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978108" title="Tanya Falan Welk-Roberts">
Tanya Falan Welk-Roberts

Tanya Falan Welk (born May 4, 1948) is an American singer who appeared on "The Lawrence Welk Show" from 1968 to 1977.
Born and raised in Glendale, California, Tanya began singing at age four at her uncle's Los Angeles restaurant. As a teenager, she worked at Disneyland where she had her own band known as Tanya and the Thunderbirds. While in high school, she developed her skills with other instruments such as the drums, cello, bass and xylophone in addition to singing.
Tanya made her Welk show debut on New Year's Eve 1967, and shortly afterwards was made a regular member of the cast. A few months later in the summer of 1968, she also became a member of Lawrence Welk's own family when she married his son Larry, Jr. The couple would have two sons, Lawrence Welk, III (born 1970) and Kevin (born 1971).
During her tenure on the show, she sang solo numbers and in many group numbers, pairing with Anacani as a duo and often as a trio with fellow Italian-American music makers Bob Lido and Charlie Parlato.
Tanya also branched out in other areas of television, making guest appearances on Jerry Lewis' Labor Day Telethon and in 1971, guest starred on the soap opera "General Hospital". 
In 1969, she recorded the album "Let It Be Me" which was released by Ranwood Records. 
She left the show in 1977, and two years later (1979) her marriage to Larry Welk ended.
Today, she makes her home in the Southern California area with her second husband Kenny. In addition to singing, she also works as an interior designer.

</doc>
<doc id="19978115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978115" title="Leuenberger">
Leuenberger

Leuenberger may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19978144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978144" title="Babare">
Babare

Babare is a village development committee in Dolakha District in the Janakpur Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3392 people living in 739 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19978155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978155" title="Bhedapu">
Bhedapu

Bhedapu is a village development committee in Dolakha District in the Janakpur Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3943 people living in 767 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19978157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978157" title="Leonetti">
Leonetti

Leonetti may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19978160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978160" title="Bhirkot, Janakpur">
Bhirkot, Janakpur

Bhirkot is a village development committee in Dolakha District in the Janakpur Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2208 people living in 470 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19978165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978165" title="Bhusafeda">
Bhusafeda

Bhusafeda is a village development committee in Dolakha District in the Janakpur Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2024 people living in 450 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19978169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978169" title="Amman United RFC">
Amman United RFC

Amman United Rugby Football Club is a Welsh rugby union team from the Amman valley north of Swansea. The club plays at Cwmamman Recreation Ground between Garnant and Glanamman; before the coal-mining boom the two towns were a single village called Cwmamman.
The club is a member of the Welsh Rugby Union and is a feeder club for the Scarlets regional team. Amman United has supplied several players to the Wales rugby union team including Claude Davey and Tom Day and in Trevor Evans, one member of the British and Irish Lions.
Amman United came second in the WRU Division Four West and were promoted in 2012; by the end of the year they were leading WRU Division Three West. Shane Williams, the record try scorer for Wales, still lives in the area and continues his involvement in the club. He has bought an industrial unit in Station Road which he plans to convert into the Amman Valley Centre, a CrossFit-franchised gym with bike hire and other facilities.

</doc>
<doc id="19978175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978175" title="Bigu">
Bigu

Bigu is a village development committee in Dolakha District in the Janakpur Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1736 people living in 361 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19978192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978192" title="What If Punk Never Happened">
What If Punk Never Happened

What If Punk Never Happened is the eleventh and final track off The King Blues' second studio album Save The World. Get The Girl. It is a six minute 40 second spoken word song which tells a story of what a town would be like had they never discovered punk. 
There are many bands mentioned in the song. In order, these are:
The Beatles,
Nirvana,
Green Day,
Sex Pistols,
Sham 69,
4 Skins,
The Ramones,
The Buzzcocks,
Crass,
The Vandals,
Dead Kennedys,
Rancid,
Sick of it All,
Madball,
GG Allin,
Refused,
Poison Idea,
Minor Threat,
Against Me!,
Operation Ivy,
Blitz (band),
The Clash,
Disorder,
Propagandhi,
The Exploited,
and NOFX.
The track was co-written by producer Peter Miles who recorded the backing track after Itch emailed him an mp3 of the rough draft of the original poem and Itch's final vocal was laid down a few weeks later during the final mixing sessions of the album.
Despite its length and its lyrics which contain several expletives, the track has been played on BBC Radio 1 by Rob da Bank, Mike Davies, and as part of the "Versus" section of Zane Lowe's show.
What If Punk Never Happened has been remixed by Dan Le Sac vs Scroobius Pip. The King Blues have also made the original a cappella available for free download to enable anyone to remix it.

</doc>
<doc id="19978194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978194" title="Bocha, Nepal">
Bocha, Nepal

Bocha, Nepal is a village development committee in Dolakha District in the Janakpur Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2945 people living in 638 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19978198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978198" title="Vehicle registration plates of Aruba">
Vehicle registration plates of Aruba

Aruba requires its residents to register their motor vehicles and display vehicle registration plates. The island is one of the last jurisdictions in the world to continue issuing new plates each year rather than showing revalidation through stickers or other documentation.
These plates change each year but since 1983 have displayed the slogan "ONE HAPPY ISLAND". Since 2011 the island name "ARUBA" has been changed to "ARUBA.COM". The plate itself is valid for the first half of the year, and then a metal tab is added to indicate validity during the second half of the year. This tab is painted in the reverse color scheme as the plate and displays the same serial as does the plate.

</doc>
<doc id="19978200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978200" title="Quileute language">
Quileute language

Quileute , also known as Quillayute , was the last Chimakuan language, spoken until the end of the 20th century by Quileute and Makah elders on the western coast of the Olympic peninsula south of Cape Flattery at La Push and the lower Hoh River in Washington State, USA. The name Quileute comes from "kʷoʔlí·yot’" , the name of a village at La Push.
Quileute is famous for its lack of nasal sounds, such as , , or nasal vowels, an areal feature of Puget Sound.
Quileute is polysynthetic and words can be quite long.
Use and revitalization efforts.
There were ten elderly speakers in 1977, and "a few" in 1999. The Quileute Nation is attempting to prevent the loss of the language by teaching it in the Quileute Tribal School, using books written for the students by the tribal elders.
"2007, the Tribal Council set up a two-year Quileute Revitalization Project with the goal of encouraging the use of Quileute words and phrases in everyday village life. A basic vocabulary of greetings, questions, numbers, names of things, and "one-liners" in Quileute were made available to tribal members and staff through informal classes, email and computer CDs."
Phonology.
Quileute has three vowels, long and short (pronounced when short and in non-tonic syllables), as well as which only occurs long. Stress is historically penultimate, though this has become somewhat obscured and is no longer predictable. It has the following consonants ( and are rare):
Morphology.
Quileute features an interesting prefix system that changes depending on the physical characteristics of the person being spoken to. When speaking to a cross-eyed person, is prefixed to each word. When speaking to a hunchback, the prefix is used. Additional prefixes are also used for short men (), "funny people" (), and people that have difficulty walking ().

</doc>
<doc id="19978202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978202" title="Bulung">
Bulung

Bulung is a village development committee in Dolakha District in the Janakpur Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2128 people living in 455 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19978208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978208" title="Jean-Jacques Lafon">
Jean-Jacques Lafon

Jean-Jacques Lafon (born on October 5, 1955) is a French singer-songwriter (one-hit wonder) and painter. He remains known for his 1985 hit "Le géant de papier", which peaked at #6 on the SNEP singles chart and earned a Silver disc. Lafon is also the writer of the 1987 hit "Viens boire un p'tit coup à la maison" for Licence IV, under the pseudonym of Falon.

</doc>
<doc id="19978214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978214" title="Chankhu">
Chankhu

Chankhu is a village development committee in Dolakha District in the Janakpur Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1332 people living in 285 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19978219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978219" title="Chhetrapa">
Chhetrapa

Chhetrapa (Nepali:क्षेत्रपा,translation:"Kshetrapa") is a village development committee in Dolakha District in the Janakpur Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the National Population and Housing Census 2011 it had a population of 2447(1116 Male & 1331 female) people living in 580 individual households.
There is one high school named Shree Kshetrawati Higher Secondary School at Peepal Daada,Majhgaun.Through the middle of the village Namdu Jugu road is under construction. Seasonal Bus service is available from Kathmandu but around 170 km ride takes 6 to 8 hours due to narrow, winding roads.Majority of the people staying here from aged back is Jirel then Chettris & Newaar. The original trailhead actually began at Kathmandu of all early Everest expeditions the "classic route to Everest", on the summit—passed through Kshetrapa as alternate to the other route which connect at yarsa,Kavre through Kiratichhap heading to Jiri.
subcities.
The following is a list of areas or sub(villages)cities of Kshetrapa Village.

</doc>
<doc id="19978226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978226" title="Vselyub">
Vselyub

Vselyub (, ) is a village in Navahrudak Raion, Hrodna Voblast, Belarus. Vseyub is a centre of selsoviet "(rural council)" within the administrative division of Belarus. Before the Partitions of Poland, it belonged to the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth. Between the 20th-century world wars, the village was part of Nowogródek Voivodeship of the Second Polish Republic.
History.
Vselyub (Wsielub) was first mentioned in 1422 (on the seal of its owner, Jan Niemira). Since at least 1434, the settlement and its serfs belonged to Jan's son Andrzej Niemirowicz (Niemirycz). It was inherited by other members of the family. Later it passed into the possession of Stanisław Dowojno, voivod of Polatsk. In 1576 it was bought by Prince Mikołaj Radziwiłł.
The local Catholic Church, built of brick and mortar, was long thought to have been erected in the Baroque period of the eighteenth century. But, archaeological examination in 1980s revealed that the building is essentially late Gothic (15th century). It has been altered by several renovations (the last of them, was done in the Gothic revival style). Its title changed several times in honor of different saints (St. John, St. Casimir, etc.)
During World War II, the 40 Jewish families who lived in the town were rounded up and summarily executed by the Nazis. On July 31, 1942, following the Nazi German Operation Barbarossa, Rev. Józef Kuczyński (Polish pastor of Wsielub) was executed there for sheltering Jewish children. On June 7, 1944, the commander of the Armia Krajowa battalion, "Okręg AK Nowogródek", ppor. Tadeusz Mossakowski ("Jastrzębiec") was killed there in battle.

</doc>
<doc id="19978227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978227" title="Chilankha">
Chilankha

Chilankha is a village development committee in Dolakha District in the Janakpur Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2770 people living in 546 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19978233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978233" title="Chyama">
Chyama

Chyama is a village development committee in Dolakha District in the Janakpur Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2419 people living in 479 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19978243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978243" title="Dadhpokhari">
Dadhpokhari

Dadhpokhari is a village development committee in Dolakha District in the Janakpur Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2572 people living in 473 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19978245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978245" title="Dina Cocea">
Dina Cocea

Dina Cocea (; 27 November 1912 – 28 October 2008) was a Romanian stage actress and occasional movie star with a career that spanned 50 years. Among other activities, Cocea was an actor in residence at Bucharest's National Theatre for 17 years, a university professor, writer and columnist, playwright, political activist and representative to UNESCO.
Biography.
Cocea was born on 27 November 1912 in Bucharest to father N. D. Cocea, a well-known writer and journalist, and mother Florica Mille, who was the daughter of another prominent journalist and writer, the socialist politico Constantin Mille, in whose house Cocea resided as a child. At 14 years of age, Cocea went to Paris, where she attended a Roman Catholic boarding school for a time. She later moved in with her aunt, Alice Cocéa, a film actress and star of the Parisian theatre, who introduced and encouraged Cocea to take up the acting profession.
After completing an education in the dramatic arts in Paris, Cocea returned to Romania where she debuted as an actress in 1934. In 1935, Cocea landed a role at Bucharest's Comedia ("Comedy"), a basement theater, (today the site of the Odeon) alongside actor G. Timică in the play "Adevăratul Iacob" ("The Real Jacob"). She initially appeared using the stage name, "Dina Cerna" but she quickly dropped the pseudonym.
Cocea's first big success came when she played in Melchior Lengyel's 1909 play "Taifunul" ("Typhoon"). Cocea first screen appearance was in 1939's "O noapte de pomină" ("An Unforgettable Night"). In 1941 Cocea founded an acting troupe, "Teatrul Nostru" ("Our Theater") and took as partners, Fory Etterle, Eugenia Zaharia and Peter Niro. The partnership lasted for 8 years but was dissolved by circumstance when the Comedia theater was nationalized in 1948-1949. Cocea quickly became an actress in residence at the Bucharest National Theater where she remained for 17 years until retiring in 1966. Spanning part of this period, from 1952 to 1962 Cocea was dean of the University of Bucharest's Faculty of Theater.
Following her retirement from the National Theater, Cocea appeared in many roles in other Bucharest theaters, from 1979 to 1989 acted as president of "Asociaţia oamenilor din instituţiile teatrale şi muzicale" (ATM) (Association of Theatre Artists and Musicians), taught acting at university, and was a sometime political activist. She also appeared in a dozen films, up through the 1992 detective film "Atac în bibliotecă" ("Attack in the Library"), and represented Romania for UNESCO and at international congresses organized by the UN.
Despite acting in over 100 stage productions, a dozen films, being a regular television and radio guest, and being well known as a writer in Romania with a career spanning more than 50 years, Cocea was little known outside of Romania. However, in her home country she was a household name, having been dubbed "Mare Doamnă a Teatrului" ("Queen of the Theater"). In 2001, Cocea was presented with an honorary doctorate from the Universitatea de Artă Teatrală şi Cinematografică (University of Theater and Cinematography), In 2002, she was awarded the Ordinul Naţional (Romanian National Order) or "Steaua României" (Order of the Star of Romania), Romania's highest civil order awarded only by Romania's President, and granted thereby the rank of knight.
Cocea died on 28 October 2008 of a heart attack about a month shy of her 96th birthday, having entered Floreasca hospital just days before suffering from a pulmonary infection. Following her death, former Romanian President, Ion Iliescu and Culture Minister Adrian Iorgulescu, among other dignitaries, expressed sorrow. On 30 October 2008, Cocea's body was laid in repose in the foyer of Bucharest's National Theatre where last respects were paid by dignitaries, actors such as Gheorghe Dinică, Marin Moraru and Ion Caramitru, many of her former students, friends, and relatives, as well as students of the National University of Theater and Cinematography known as "IL Caragiale." On 31 October 2008 Cocea was interred at Bellu cemetery where she was given military honors at the funeral. She was survived by her husband, Ion Toboşaru.

</doc>
<doc id="19978246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978246" title="George Faulkner (cricketer)">
George Faulkner (cricketer)

George Faulkner was an English cricketer who played for Sussex.
Faulkner was christened at Lyminster, Sussex on 29 May 1793.
He made a single first-class appearance for the team, during the 1829 season, against England. Faulkner scored 1 not out in the first innings, and 9 in the second innings.

</doc>
<doc id="19978248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978248" title="Tank Overhaul">
Tank Overhaul

Tank Overhaul is a Canadian documentary television program broadcast on the Military Channel starting in 2007. Episodes are filmed at the Isle of Wight Military Museum as well as other organizations specializing in military history vehicle restoration and preservation.

</doc>
<doc id="19978249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978249" title="Dandakharka, Janakpur">
Dandakharka, Janakpur

Dandakharka is a village development committee in Dolakha District in the Janakpur Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3827 people living in 760 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19978255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978255" title="Baudienst">
Baudienst

Baudienst (from German, lit. "building service" or "construction service"), full name Polnischer Baudienst im Generalgouvernement (Polish Service of Construction in the General Government), was the labour battalion created in Nazi-occupied Poland (General Government). Baudienst was subordinate to the Reichsarbeitsdienst (RAD, lit. "Reich Labour Service").
Formation and activities.
The Baudienst service was formed 1 December 1940, originally in the Kraków District of the General Government, but it eventually expanded to all districts of that region, excepting the Warsaw District. The goal of Baudienst was to provide the Third Reich with a large pool of labour force.
Baudienst laborers were entitled to housing, food rations, working clothes, medical care and a wage of 1 złoty per day (a wage that was never changed, despite increasing inflation). Over time, conditions of work deteriorated, as laborers inhabited poor quality barracks (never a priority), and food and clothing rations were slashed.
Baudienst was to build and maintain infrastructure (construction and repair of roads and canals), and aid with agricultural tasks. The overall objective was not to build infrastructure for the Poles, but for the Germans (with the aim of increasing West-East transport capacity in preparation for German invasion of Russia, and later, to improve the efficiency of German logistics). In some infamous cases, members of Baudienst were used to prepare graves for victims of German mass executions (of Poles, Jews and other victims of the Third Reich).
In the General Government, working was obligatory for any male Pole from 18 to 60 years old; later in the occupation this range extended to children from 14 years old. Baudienst service itself was an obligatory service for Poles aged 21 – 22. Germans were aiming to have as may as 150,000 Baudienst members, in fact due to constant lack of volunteers and increasing desertions, Baudienst at its height reached less than a third of that number (about 45,000 people).
Baudienst workers (some volunteers, but most were conscripted) were under a contract to work at least initially 3 months, increased up to 6–7 months of work during the spring-summer period and eventually a minimum of a year.
In addition to the Polish Baudienst, Germans created similar Heimatdienst (lit. "homeland service", "Ukrains'ka Sluzhba Bat'kivschyni", USB) for the Ukrainians, and a similar one for the Goralenvolk. Volksdeutsche were immune from the service (but could volunteer, and some did for the higher-ranking positions such as foreman), and Polish Jews were already forced to labor in the ghettos and labor-concentration camps.

</doc>
<doc id="19978258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978258" title="B1145 road">
B1145 road

The B1145 runs for about through the county of Norfolk, England, between King’s Lynn and Mundesley. The road is an alternative route to the A47 between King's Lynn and Norwich by way of the A1067 from Bawdeswell onwards.
History.
This ancient route predates the Norman Conquest and remained the main east-west route through the county until the 17th century. It can be seen quiet clearly on William Faden’s map of Norfolk, which was surveyed between 1790 and 1794. This map, the first large-scale map (at one inch to the mile) of the whole county, is a record of the landscape and transport system of the county of Norfolk in late 18th century and shows that despite the Parliamentary Enclosure of the early 19th century the route has changed very little. Much of the route on the map is highlighted in a pale pink, which marks it out as an important artery of the time.
Part of the roads route lies directly on the line of a Roman road between a point west of North Elmham for the distance of to where the road reaches the village of Bawdeswell. The route is dissected by several Roman roads, including the Peddars Way in the North West of Norfolk.
Road schemes at Bawdeswell, Aylsham and North Walsham have created interruptions to the original route, although the vast majority of it remains intact.
Coaching route.
The B1145 also was part of the King's Lynn–to–Great Yarmouth coaching route. On the route at Litcham stands The Bull Inn, a 17th-century coaching inn of which some parts date further back to the 14th century. The Bull provided the first change of horses on this coaching route out of King’s Lynn.
Destinations.
From west to east the road passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="19978265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978265" title="Fasku">
Fasku

Fasku is a village development committee in Dolakha District in the Janakpur Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4580 people living in 953 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19978272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978272" title="Gairimudi">
Gairimudi

Gairimudi is a village development committee in Dolakha District in the Janakpur Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4299 people living in 886 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19978273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978273" title="Sukces">
Sukces

Sukces (""Success"") - Second Czesław Niemen's solo album released in 1968. Album was recorded with band Akwarele.

</doc>
<doc id="19978291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978291" title="Thulopatal">
Thulopatal

Thulopatal is a village development committee in Dolakha District in the Janakpur Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3099 people living in 614 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19978301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978301" title="Karl Bodenschatz">
Karl Bodenschatz

General Karl-Heinrich Bodenschatz (10 December 1890 – 25 August 1979) was a German military officer who was the adjutant to Manfred von Richthofen in World War I and the liaison officer between Hermann Göring and Adolf Hitler in World War II.
Biography.
Early life and First World War.
Bodenschatz was born in Rehau, Bavaria and in 1910 he enlisted in the 8th Bavarian Infantry Regiment and was a cadet at the War Academy in Metz until 1912. Following the outbreak of the First World War he saw active infantry service and participated in the Battle of Verdun. After being wounded four times, in 1916 he transferred to the Deutsche Luftstreitkräfte as adjutant to Jagdgeschwader 2 and then Jagdgeschwader 1 as the adjutant to Manfred von Richthofen based at Avesnes-le-sac. In June 1918 Hermann Göring took over command of the squadron after von Richthofen's death.
Between the wars.
After the war he joined the Reichswehr as a regular officer and served in the 21st infantry regiment from 1919 until April 1933, he had maintained a friendship with Göring and joined the Luftwaffe as his military adjutant and served in this capacity until 1938. 
Second World War.
During World War II he was the liaison officer between Hitler’s headquarters and the Commander-in-Chief of the Luftwaffe until he was seriously injured in 1944 by the 20 July plot bomb
at the Wolf's Lair headquarters in Rastenburg, East Prussia. He was fortunate to survive the explosion as two officers immediately to his left and one to his right were killed.
Post Second World War.
He was captured at Reichenhall on 5 May 1945 and in 1946 was called as a witness at the Nuremberg Trials of major war criminals and served two years in prison. He died at Erlangen, Germany in 1979 aged 88.

</doc>
<doc id="19978302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978302" title="Syama">
Syama

Syama is a village development committee in Dolakha District in the Janakpur Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4781 people living in 941 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19978308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978308" title="Gauri Sankar (village)">
Gauri Sankar (village)

Gauri Sankar is a village development committee in Dolakha District in the Janakpur Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1392 people living in 291 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19978312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978312" title="Hebron, Utah">
Hebron, Utah

Hebron is a ghost town located on Shoal Creek in Washington County in southwestern Utah, United States. Hebron was inhabited from 1862 until 1902, when the already-declining town was almost completely destroyed by an earthquake. The present-day city of Enterprise, to the east, was settled largely by people leaving Hebron.
History.
Foundation.
This area was explored in 1862 by a group of men led by John and Charles Pulsipher, who were herding livestock owned by The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. They drove the cattle from the St. George area as far north as Mountain Meadows, then explored much of the land lying south of the Escalante Desert. They were favorably impressed with the Shoal Creek area and decided it would be a good place to settle with their families. Encouraged by the local Paiutes, the pioneers brought their families and organized a ranching community called "Shoal Creek". The Pulsiphers' father, prominent LDS leader Zera Pulsipher, moved here in the fall of 1862 and became the local presiding church officer.
A small fort was built here in 1866, when the outbreak of the Black Hawk War caused widespread fear of Indian attacks. The larger community of Clover Valley, located in the Clover Valley of present-day Nevada, was evacuated and its residents moved to the Shoal Creek fort. Gardens and fodder grew well, and the settlement began to thrive. It became an important source of supplies for the silver mining camps of eastern Nevada, particularly Pioche, and later for nearby Silver Reef, Utah. In 1867 a schoolhouse was built.
In 1868, LDS Apostle Erastus Snow came to form a congregation. The population was 75. Snow directed the surveying of a formal townsite, which John Pulsipher named for the biblical Hebron. Shoal Creek had been a scattered, loosely-organized settlement, but Hebron became a fast-growing town. Soon it had a hotel, several stores, freight offices, and in 1872 a telegraph office.
Decline.
In common with other early settlements of Utah's Dixie, Hebron's greatest obstacles had to do with water. Originally planned as a ranching community, it lacked sufficient water for the irrigation of substantial farms. A wooden flume was built to bring water from a nearby spring to water Hebron's farms, but it collapsed due to excessively wet weather in 1885. One of the former Clover Valley farmers named Orson Huntsman proposed to build a large reservoir on Shoal Creek, but the plan was controversial and received little support from his neighbors. In 1891, Huntsman had a townsite surveyed below the proposed reservoir site, then filed a desert land entry on the land, which he called Enterprise. After some three years of seeking investors, he organized a formal company to construct the reservoir in 1893. Hebron's leaders responded by building a new, longer aqueduct with additional dams, ditches, and roads. They tried to keep water and residents from flowing from Hebron to Enterprise, but families began to move where the farming prospects were better.
Destruction.
On November 17, 1902, Hebron was severely damaged by an earthquake centered at Pine Valley, with an estimated magnitude of 6 and an intensity of VIII. Most of the rock homes in Hebron were irreparably ruined, and the exodus to Enterprise accelerated. The rest of Hebron's residents moved, selling their water rights to the Enterprise Reservoir Company. In 1904, what was left of the town of Hebron sold all remaining water rights. The departing residents tore down the damaged buildings for the materials, leaving only rubble and a small cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="19978320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978320" title="Susma Chhemawati">
Susma Chhemawati

Susma Chhemawati is a village development committee in Dolakha District in the Janakpur Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3020 people living in 625 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19978324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978324" title="P. Morris (Sussex cricketer)">
P. Morris (Sussex cricketer)

P. Morris was an English cricketer who played for Sussex.
Morris made a single first-class appearance for the team, in 1842, against England. He scored 15 runs in the first innings, and 2 runs in the second.

</doc>
<doc id="19978327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978327" title="Ghang Sukathokar">
Ghang Sukathokar

Ghyang Sukathokar is a village development committee in Dolakha District in the Janakpur Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4600.

</doc>
<doc id="19978337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978337" title="Julio García">
Julio García

Julio García or Julio Garcia may refer to: 
The name may also refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="19978348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978348" title="Joni T. Johnson">
Joni T. Johnson

Joni T. Johnson (1934–1988) was an American painter from Swayzee, Indiana.
Education.
Johnson went to Tech High School in Indianapolis and attended the John Herron Art Institute.
Career.
From the 1950s through the late '70s, Johnson worked in Indianapolis, where she displayed and sold her art in several galleries, and was a founder of the Talbott Street Art Fair. She had a mini-retrospective in 1977 in the Art Pavilion at L.S. Ayres. Watercolor was her primary medium, and she is best known for her representations of children and the female figure. 
For a short time, Johnson lived and worked in Chicago, where she studied with Charles E. Burchfield.
Two of Johnson's paintings hang in the White House East Room, and her works have hung in 27 countries. Her paintings, always signed J.T. Johnson, have been owned by Katharine Hepburn, Harry Belafonte, Lana Turner, Joel Grey and Vincent Price.

</doc>
<doc id="19978350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978350" title="John Sullivan (English footballer)">
John Sullivan (English footballer)

Jonathan Denis "John" Sullivan (born 8 March 1988) is an English professional footballer who currently plays as a goalkeeper for Conference National side Cambridge United on loan from Football League Two side Portsmouth.
Career.
Early years.
Born in Sompting, West Sussex, Sullivan signed professional forms with Brighton & Hove Albion during the summer of 2005, but didn't make a competitive appearance for the club until 28 October 2008, when he started in place of the injured Michel Kuipers, during the 3–2 victory over Leicester City. At the end of the 2007/08 season, Sullivan would sign a new one-year contract with the club
It was announced on 12 May 2009, that Sullivan would be leaving Brighton after the expiry of his contract at the end of June 2009. Sullivan agreed to join League One rivals Millwall on 2 June 2009, and made his debut on 1 September 2009 against Barnet in the Football League Trophy. On 25 March 2010, Sullivan would signed a one-year extension with the club, that will keep him until the next season
Sullivan signed a one-month loan deal with Yeovil Town, having impressed manager Terry Skiverton in Darren Way's benefit match - a 3-2 victory over a Manchester United XI when he was in trial with the club. Upon the move, Sullivan says he expecting to play more regular, rather spending in the bench. He made his debut for the club, in the opening game of the season, with a 2-1 win over Leyton Orient. After the match, Sullivan soon desired want to stay at the club and his wish came true by having his loan spell extended until 3 January 2011. Having retained his first choice goalkeeper in the early of the season, Sullivan soon lost his first team place in goal after suffering an injury and was replaced by Stephen Henderson. After Henderson loan spell with the club is up and returned to his parent club in November, Sullivan retained his first-choice in goalkeeping. After six-months at Yeovil Town, his loan-spell had came to an end.
On 18 March 2011, Sullivan signed a one-month loan deal with Charlton Athletic. His stay at Charlton was extended on 15 April until the end of the season.
Charlton Athletic.
Charlton acted swiftly in the following transfer window to bring Sullivan to the club on permanent basis after a string of impressive performances, securing a two-year deal on 31 May 2011. Sullivan made his first appearance for Charlton after signing permanently in the summer when he came on as a sixth minute substitute against Leyton Orient after Ben Hamer was sent off for handling the ball outside his area.
The next season, Sullivan was told by manager Chris Powell he will be loaned out, to earn more playing time. Eventually on 9 November 2012, he signed on a one-month loan to League One side Colchester United He joined Colchester United for the replacement for Mark Cousins, who is being on the sidelines. After making his debut against Crewe, Sullivan says joined the club, citing playing time as the main reason. His loan spell at Colchester United had come to an end, following a conclusion to his loan spell, but willing to return to the club.
In 2013, Sullivan signed a loan deal with AFC Wimbledon, until the end of the season and was ever present for the duration of his loan period, including their dramatic escape from relegation on the final day of the league two season.
It was confirmed on 30 April 2013 that Sullivan has been released from Charlton.
Portsmouth.
On 16 May 2013, Sullivan signed a two-year deal with Portsmouth. He made his debut in a 4-1 home defeat to Oxford United on 3 August 2013. Sullivan went on a run of six matches as Portsmouth's first choice goalkeeper, however two high profile errors against York City, one of which saw Sullivan drop the ball into an empty net, resulted in the arrival of Trevor Carson from Bury, and Sullivan was dropped from the side.
Career statistics.
1 Including the Football League Trophy.

</doc>
<doc id="19978354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978354" title="Hawa, Nepal">
Hawa, Nepal

Hawa is a village development committee in Dolakha District in the Janakpur Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1833 people living in 372 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19978355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978355" title="Wrestling at the 1972 Summer Olympics – Men's Greco-Roman 90 kg">
Wrestling at the 1972 Summer Olympics – Men's Greco-Roman 90 kg

The Men's Greco-Roman 90 kg at the 1972 Summer Olympics as part of the wrestling program at the Fairgrounds, Judo and Wrestling Hall.
Tournament results.
The competition used a form of negative points tournament, with negative points given for any result short of a fall. Accumulation of 6 negative points eliminated the wrestler. When only two or three wrestlers remain, a special final round is used to determine the order of the medals.
Final.
Results from the preliminary round are carried forward into the final (shown in yellow).

</doc>
<doc id="19978357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978357" title="Japhe">
Japhe

Japhe is a village development committee in Dolakha District in the Janakpur Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3080 people living in 616 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19978366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978366" title="Jhule">
Jhule

Jhule is a village development committee in Dolakha District in the Janakpur Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2491 people living in 489 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19978367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978367" title="Czy mnie jeszcze pamiętasz?">
Czy mnie jeszcze pamiętasz?

Czy mnie jeszcze pamiętasz? (""Do You Still Remember Me?"") - Third Czesław Niemen's solo album released in 1969. Last one recorded with Akwarele.

</doc>
<doc id="19978371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978371" title="Jhyaku">
Jhyaku

Jhyaku is a village development committee in Dolakha District in the Janakpur Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3998 people living in 831 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19978374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978374" title="Attribute Hierarchy Method">
Attribute Hierarchy Method

The Attribute Hierarchy Method (AHM), is a cognitively-based psychometric procedure developed by Jacqueline Leighton, Mark Gierl, and Steve Hunka at the Centre for Research in Applied Measurement and Evaluation (CRAME) at the University of Alberta. The AHM is one form of cognitive diagnostic assessment that aims to integrate cognitive psychology with educational measurement for the purposes of enhancing instruction and student learning. A cognitive diagnostic assessment (CDA), is designed to measure specific knowledge states and cognitive processing skills in a given domain. The results of a CDA yield a profile of scores with detailed information about a student’s cognitive strengths and weaknesses. This cognitive diagnostic feedback has the potential to guide instructors, parents and students in their teaching and learning processes. 
To generate a diagnostic skill profile, examinees’ test item responses are classified into a set of structured attribute patterns that are derived from components of a cognitive model of task performance. The cognitive model contains attributes, which are defined as a description of the procedural or declarative knowledge needed by an examinee to answer a given test item correctly. The inter-relationships among the attributes are represented using a hierarchical structure so the ordering of the cognitive skills is specified. This model provides a framework for designing diagnostic items based on attributes, which links examinees’ test performance to specific inferences about examinees’ knowledge and skills.
Differences between the AHM and the Rule Space Method.
The AHM differs from Tatsuoka’s Rule Space Method (RSM) with the assumption of dependencies among the attributes within the cognitive model. In other words, the AHM was derived from RSM by assuming that some or all skills may be represented in hierarchical order. Modeling cognitive attributes using the AHM necessitates the specification of a hierarchy outlining the dependencies among the attributes. As such, the attribute hierarchy serves as a cognitive model of task performance designed to represent the inter-related cognitive processes required by examinees to solve test items. This assumption better reflects the characteristics of human cognition because cognitive processes usually do not work in isolation but function within a network of interrelated competencies and skills. In contrast, the RSM makes no assumptions regarding the dependencies among the attributes. This difference has led to the development of both IRT and non-IRT based psychometric procedures for analyzing test item responses using the AHM.
The AHM also differs from the RSM with respect to the identification of the cognitive attributes and the logic underlying the diagnostic inferences made from the statistical analysis.
Identification of the cognitive attributes.
The RSM uses a post-hoc approach to the identification of the attributes required to successfully solve each item on an existing test. In contrast, the AHM uses an a priori approach to identifying the attributes and specifying their interrelationships in a cognitive model.
Diagnostic inferences from statistical analysis.
The RSM using statistical pattern classification where examinees’ observed response patterns are matched to pre-determined response patterns that each correspond to a particular cognitive or knowledge state. Each state represents a set of correct and incorrect rules used to answer test items. The focus with the RSM is identification of erroneous rules or misconceptions. The AHM, on the other hand, uses statistical pattern recognition where examinees’ observed response patterns are compared to response patterns that are consistent with the attribute hierarchy. The purpose of statistical pattern recognition is to identify the attribute combinations that the examinee is likely to possess. Hence, the AHM does not identify incorrect rules or misconceptions as in the RSM.
Principled Test Design.
The AHM uses a construct-centered approach to test development and analysis. Construct-centered emphasizes the central role of the construct in directing test development activities and analysis. The advantage of this approach is that the inferences made about student performance are firmly grounded in the construct specified. Principled test design encompasses 3 broad stages: 
Cognitive model development comprises the first stage in the test design process. During this stage, the cognitive knowledge, processes, and skills are identified and organized into an attribute hierarchy or cognitive model. This stage also encompasses validation of the cognitive model prior to the test development stage.
Test development comprises the second stage in the test design process. During this stage, items are created to measure each attribute within the cognitive model while also maintaining any dependencies modeled among the attributes.
Psychometric analysis comprises the third stage in the test design process. During this stage, the fit of the cognitive model relative to observed examinee responses is evaluated to ascertain the appropriateness of the model to explain test performance. Examinee test item responses are then analyzed and diagnostic skill profiles created highlighting examinee cognitive strengths and weaknesses.
Cognitive Model Development.
What is a cognitive model?
An AHM analysis must begin with the specification of a cognitive model of task performance. A cognitive model in educational measurement refers to a “simplified description of human problem solving on standardized educational tasks, which helps to characterize the knowledge and skills students at different levels of learning have acquired and to facilitate the explanation and prediction of students’ performance”. These cognitive skills, conceptualized as an attribute in the AHM framework, are specified at a small grain size in order to generate specific diagnostic inferences underlying test performance. Attributes include different procedures, skills, and/or processes that an examinee must possess to solve a test item. Then, these attributes are structured using a hierarchy so the ordering of the cognitive skills is specified. 
The cognitive model can be represented by various hierarchical structures. Generally, there are four general forms of hierarchical structures that can easily be expanded and combined to form increasingly complex networks of hierarchies where the cognitive complexity corresponds to the nature of the problem solving task. The four hierarchical forms include: a) linear, b) convergent, c) divergent, and d) unstructured.
How are cognitive models created and validated?
Theories of task performance can be used to derive cognitive models of task performance in a subject domain. However, the availability of these theories of task performance and cognitive models in education are limited. Therefore, other means are used to generate cognitive models. One method is the use of a task analysis of representative test items from a subject domain. A task analysis represents a hypothesized cognitive model of task performance, where the likely knowledge and processes used to solve the test item are specified. A second method involves having examinees think aloud as they solve test items to identify the actual knowledge, processes, and strategies elicited by the task. The verbal report collected as examinees talk aloud can contain the relevant knowledge, skills, and procedures used to solve the test item. These knowledge, skills, and procedures become the attributes in the cognitive model, and their temporal sequencing documented in the verbal report provides the hierarchical ordering. A cognitive model derived using a task analysis can be validated and, if required, modified using examinee verbal reports collected from think aloud studies.
Why is the accuracy of the cognitive model important?
An accurate cognitive model is crucial for two reasons. First, a cognitive model provides the interpretative framework for linking test score interpretations to cognitive skills. That is, the test developer is in a better position to make defensible claims about student knowledge, skills, and processes that account for test performance. Second, a cognitive model provides a link between cognitive and learning psychology with instruction. Based on an examinee’s observed response pattern, detailed feedback about an examinee’s cognitive strengths and weaknesses can be provided through a score report. This diagnostic information can then be used to inform instruction tailored to the examinee, with the goals of improving or remediating specific cognitive skills.
An example of a cognitive model.
The following hierarchy is an example of a cognitive model task performance for the knowledge and skills in the areas of ratio, factoring, function, and substitution (called the Ratios and Algebra hierarchy). This hierarchy is divergent and composed of nine attributes which are described below. If the cognitive model is assumed to be true, then an examinee who has mastered attribute A3 is assumed to have mastered the attributes below it, namely attributes A1 and A2. Conversely, if an examinee has mastered attribute A2, then it is expected that the examinee has mastered attribute A1 but not A3.
The hierarchy contains two independent branches which share a common prerequisite – attribute A1. Aside from attribute A1, the first branch includes two additional attributes, A2 and A3, and the second branch includes a self-contained sub-hierarchy which includes attributes A4 through A9. Three independent branches compose the sub-hierarchy: attributes A4, A5, A6; attributes A4, A7, A8; and attributes A4, A9.
As a prerequisite attribute, attribute A1 includes the most basic arithmetic operation skills, such as addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division of numbers. Attributes A2 and A3 both deal with factors. In attribute A2, the examinee needs to have knowledge about the property of factors. In attribute A3, the examinee not only requires knowledge of factoring (i.e., attribute A2), but also the skills of applying the rules of factoring. Therefore, attribute A3 is considered a more advanced attribute than A2.
The self-contained sub-hierarchy contains six attributes. Among these attributes, attribute A4 is the prerequisite for all other attributes in the sub-hierarchy. Attribute A4 has attribute A1 as a prerequisite because A4 not only represents basic skills in arithmetic operations (i.e., attribute A1), but it also involves the substitution of values into algebraic expressions which is more abstract and, therefore, more difficult than attribute A1. The first branch in the sub-hierarchy deals, mainly, with functional graph reading. For attribute A5, the examinee must be able to map the graph of a familiar function with its corresponding function. In an item that requires attribute A5 (e.g., item 4), attribute A4 is typically required because the examinee must find random points in the graph and substitute the points into the equation of the function to find a match between the graph and the function. Attribute A6, on the other hand, deals with the abstract properties of functions, such as recognizing the graphical representation of the relationship between independent and dependent variables. The graphs for less familiar functions, such as a function of higher-power polynomials, may be involved. Therefore, attribute A6 is considered to be more difficult than attribute A5 and placed below attribute A5 in the sub-hierarchy. 
The second branch in the sub-hierarchy considers the skills associated with advanced substitution. Attribute A7 requires the examinee to substitute numbers into algebraic expressions. The complexity of attribute A7 relative to attribute A4 lies in the concurrent management of multiple pairs of numbers and multiple equations. Attribute A8 also represents the skills of advanced substitution. However, what makes attribute A8 more difficult than attribute A7 is that algebraic expressions, rather than numbers, need to be substituted into another algebraic expression.
The last branch in the sub-hierarchy contains only one additional attribute, A9, related to skills associated with rule understanding and application. It is the rule, rather than the numeric value or the algebraic expression that needs to be substituted in the item to reach a solution.
Cognitive model representation.
The Ratio and Algebra attribute hierarchy can also be expressed in matrix form. To begin, the direct relationship among the attributes is specified by a binary adjacency matrix (A) of order "(k,k)", where "k" is the number of attributes, such that each element in the A matrix represents the absence (i.e., 0) or presence (i.e., 1) of a direct connection between two attributes. The A matrix for the Ratio and Algebra hierarchy presented is shown below.
formula_1
Each row and column the A matrix represents one attribute; the first row and column represents attribute A1 and the last row and column represents attribute A9. The presence of a 1 in a particular row denotes a direct connection between that attribute and the attribute corresponding to the column position. For example, attribute A1 is directly connected to attribute A2 because of the presence of a 1 in the first row (i.e. attribute A1) and the second column (i.e., attribute A2). The positions of 0 in row 1 indicate that A1 is neither directly connected to itself nor to attributes A3 and A5 to A9.
The direct and indirect relationships among attributes are specified by the binary reachability matrix (R) of order "(k,k)", where "k" is the number of attributes. To obtain the R matrix from the A matrix, Boolean addition and multiplication operations are performed on the adjacency matrix, meaning formula_2 where "n" is the integer required to reach invariance, formula_3, and "I" is the identity matrix. The R matrix for the Ratio and Algebra hierarchy is shown next.
formula_4
Similar to the A matrix, each row and column in the matrix represents one attribute; the first row and column represents attribute A1 and the last row and column represents attribute A9. The first attribute is either directly or indirectly connected to all attributes A1 to A9. This is represented by the presence of 1’s in all columns of row 1 (i.e., representing attribute A1). In the R matrix, an attribute is considered related to itself resulting in 1’s along the main diagonal. Referring back to the hierarchy, it is shown that attribute A1 is directly connected to attribute A2 and indirectly to A3 through its connection with A2. Attribute A1 is indirectly connected to attributes A5 to A9 through its connection with A4.
The potential pool of items is represented by the incidence matrix (Q) matrix of order ("k, p"), where "k" is the number of attributes and "p" is number of potential items. This pool of items represents all combinations of the attributes when the attributes are independent of each other. However, this pool of items can be reduced to form the reduced incidence matrix (Qr), by imposing the constraints of the attribute hierarchy as defined by the R matrix. The Qr matrix represents items that capture the dependencies among the attributes defined in the attribute hierarchy. The Qr matrix is formed using Boolean inclusion by determining which columns of the R matrix are logically included in each column of the Q matrix. The Qr matrix is of order ("k,) "where "k" is the number of attributes and "i "is the reduced number of items resulting from the constraints in the hierarchy. For the Ratio and Algebra hierarchy, the Qr matrix is shown next.
formula_4
The Qr matrix serves an important test item development blueprint where items can be created to measure each specific combination of attributes. In this way, each component of the cognitive model can be evaluated systematically. In this example, a minimum of 9 items are required to measure all the attribute combinations specified in the Qr matrix.
The expected examinee response patterns can now be generated using the Qr matrix. An expected examinee is conceptualized as a hypothetical examinee who correctly answers items that require cognitive attributes that the examinee has mastered. The expected response matrix (E) is created, using Boolean inclusion, by comparing each row of the attribute pattern matrix (which is the transpose of the Qr matrix) to the columns of the Qr matrix. The expected response matrix is of order ("j,i"), where "j" is the number of examinees and i is the reduced number of items resulting from the constraints imposed by the hierarchy. The E matrix for the Ratio and Algebra hierarchy is shown below. 
formula_6
If the cognitive model is true, then 58 unique item response patterns should be produced by examinees who write these cognitively-based items. A row of 0s is usually added to the E matrix which represents an examinee who has not mastered any attributes. To summarize, if the attribute pattern of the examinee contains the attributes required by the item, then the examinee is expected to answer the item correctly. However, if the examinee’s attribute pattern is missing one or more of the cognitive attributes required by the item, the examinee is not expected to answer the item correctly.
Role of the cognitive model in item development.
The cognitive model in the form of an attribute hierarchy has direct implications for item development. Items that measure each attribute must maintain the hierarchical ordering of the attributes as specified by the cognitive model while also measuring increasingly complex cognitive processes. These item types may be in either multiple choice or constructed response format. To date, the AHM has been used with items that are scored dichotomously where 1 corresponds to a correct answer and 0 corresponds to an incorrect answer. Therefore, a student’s test performance can be summarized by a vector of correct and incorrect responses in the form of 1’s and 0’s. This vector then serves as the input for the psychometric analysis where the examinee’s attribute mastery is estimated.
Approach to item development.
The attributes in the cognitive model are specified at a fine grain size in order to yield a detailed cognitive skill profile about the examinee’s test performance. This necessitates many items that must be created to measure each attribute in the hierarchy. For computer-based tests, automated item generation (AIG) is a promising method for generating multiple items “on the fly” that have similar form and psychometric properties using a common template.
Example of items aligned to the attributes in a hierarchy.
Referring back to the pictorial representation of Ratio and Algebra hierarchy, an item can be constructed to measure the skills described in each of the attributes. For example, attribute A1 includes the most basic arithmetic operation skills, such as addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division of numbers. An item that measures this skill could be the following: examinees are presented with the algebraic expression formula_7, and asked to solve for (t + u). For this item, examinees need to subtract 3 from 19 and then divide 16 by 4. 
Attribute A2 represents knowledge about the property of factors. An example of an item that measures this attribute is "If (p + 1)(t – 3) = 0 and "p" is positive, what is the value of t?” The examinee must know the property that the value of at least one factor must be zero if the product of multiple factors is zero. Once this property is recognized, the examinee would be able to recognize that because p is positive, (t – 3) must be zero to make the value of the whole expression zero, which would finally yield the value of 3 for t. To answer this item correctly, the examinee should have mastered both attributes A1 and A2.
Attribute A3 represents not only knowledge of factoring (i.e., attribute A2), but also the skills of applying the rules of factoring. An example of an item that measures this attribute is 
“formula_8”. Only after the examinee factors the second expression into the product of the first expression would the calculation of the value of the second expression be apparent. To answer this item correctly, the examinee should have mastered attributes A1, A2, and A3.
Psychometric Analysis.
During this stage, statistical pattern recognition is used to identify the attribute combinations that the examinee is likely to possess based on the observed examinee response relative to the expected response patterns derived from the cognitive model.
Evaluating model-data fit.
Prior to any further analysis, the cognitive model specified must accurately reflect the cognitive attributes used by the examinees. It is expected that there will be discrepancies, or slips, between observed response patterns generated by a large group of examinees and the expected response patterns. The fit of the cognitive model relative to the observed response patterns obtained from examinees can be evaluated using the Hierarchical Consistency Index. The "HCI" evaluates the degree to which the observed response patterns are consistent with the attribute hierarchy. The "HCI" for examinee "i" is given by:
where "J" is the total number of items, "X"ij is examinee "i" ‘s score (i.e., 1 or 0) to item j, Sj includes items that require the subset of attributes of item "j", and "N"ci is the total number of comparisons for correctly answered items by examinee "i". 
The values of the HCI range from -1 to +1. Values closer to 1 indicate a good fit between the observed response pattern and the expected examinee response patterns generated from the hierarchy. Conversely, low HCI values indicate a large discrepancy between the observed examinee response patterns and the expected examinee response patterns generated from the hierarchy. HCI values above 0.70 indicate good model-data fit.
Why is model-data fit important?
Obtaining good model-data fit provides additional evidence to validate the specified attribute hierarchy, which is required before proceeding with determination of an examinee’s attribute mastery. If the data is not shown to fit the model, then various reasons may account for the large number of discrepancies including: a misspecification of the attributes, incorrect ordering of attributes within the hierarchy, items not measuring the specified attributes, and/or the model is not reflective of the cognitive processes used by a given sample of examinees. Therefore, the cognitive model should be correctly defined and closely aligned with the observed response patterns in order to provide a substantive framework for making inferلبلبences about a specific group of examinees’ knowledge and skills.
Estimating attribute probabilities.
Once we establish that the model fits the data, the attribute probabilities can be calculated. The use of attribute probabilities is important in the psychometric analyses of the AHM because these probabilities provide examinees with specific information about their attribute-level performance as part of the diagnostic reporting process. To estimate the probability that examinees possess specific attributes, given their observed item response pattern, an artificial neural network approach is used.
Brief description of a neural network.
The neural network is a type of parallel-processing architecture that transforms any stimulus received by the input unit (i.e., stimulus units) to a signal for the output unit (i.e., response units) through a series of mid-level hidden units. Each unit in the input layer is connected to each unit in the hidden layer and, in turn, to each unit in the output layer. 
Generally speaking, a neural network requires the following steps. To begin, each cell of the input layer receives a value (0 or 1) corresponding to the response values in the exemplar vector. Each input cell then passes the value it receives to every hidden cell. Each hidden cell forms a linearly weighted sum of its input and transforms the sum using the logistic function and passes the result to every output cell. Each output cell, in turn, forms a linearly weighted sum of its inputs from the hidden cells and transforms it using the logistic function, and outputs the result. Because the result is scaled using the logistic transformation, the output values range from 0 to 1. The result can be interpreted as the probability the correct or target value for each output will have a value of 1.
The output targets in the response units (i.e., the examinee attributes) are compared to the pattern associated with each stimulus input or exemplar (i.e., the expected response patterns). The solution produced initially with the stimulus and association connection weights is likely to be discrepant resulting in a relatively large error. However, this discrepant result can be used to modify the connection weights thereby leading to a more accurate solution and a smaller error term. One popular approach for approximating the weights so the error term is minimized is with a learning algorithm called the generalized delta rule that is incorporated in a training procedure called back propagation of error.
Specification of the neural network.
Calculation of attribute probabilities begins by presenting the neural network with both the generated expected examinee response patterns from Stage 1, with their associated attribute patterns which is derived from the cognitive model (i.e., the transpose of the Qr matrix), until the network learns each association. The result is a set of weight matrices that will be used to calculate the probability that an examinee has mastered a particular cognitive attribute based on their observed response pattern. An attribute probability close to 1 would indicate that the examinee has likely mastered the cognitive attribute, whereas a probability close to 0 would indicate that the examinee has likely not mastered the cognitive attribute.
Reporting The Results.
The importance of the reporting process.
Score reporting serves a critical function as the interface between the test developer and a diverse audience of test users. A score report must include detailed information, which is often technical in nature, about the meanings and possible interpretations of results that users can make. The Standards for Educational and Psychological Testing clearly define the role of test developers in the reporting process. Standard 5.10 states:
When test score information is released to students, parents, legal representatives, teachers, clients, or the media, those responsible for testing programs should provide appropriate interpretations. The interpretations should describe in simple language what the test covers, what the scores mean, and how the scores will be used.
Reporting cognitive diagnostic results using the AHM.
A key advantage of the AHM is that it supports individualized diagnostic score reporting using the attribute probability results. The score reports produced by the AHM have not only a total score but also detailed information about what cognitive attributes were measured by the test and the degree to which the examinees have mastered these cognitive attributes. This diagnostic information is directly linked to the attribute descriptions, individualized for each student, and easily presented. Hence, these reports provide specific diagnostic feedback which may direct instructional decisions. To demonstrate how the AHM can be used to report test scores and provide diagnostic feedback, a sample report is presented next.
In the example to the right, the examinee mastered attributes A1 and A4 to A6. Three performance levels were selected for reporting attribute mastery: non-mastery (attribute probability value between 0.00 and 0.35), partial mastery (attribute probability value between 0.36 and 0.70), and mastery (attribute probability value between 0.71 and 1.00). The results in the score report reveal that the examinee has clearly mastered four attributes, A1 (basic arithmetic operations), A4 (skills required for substituting values into algebraic expressions), A5 (the skills of mapping a graph of a familiar function with its corresponding function), and A6 (abstract properties of functions). The examinee has not mastered the skills associated with the remaining five attributes.
Implications of AHM for Cognitive Diagnostic Assessment.
Integration of assessment, instruction, and learning.
The rise in popularity of cognitive diagnostic assessments can be traced to two sources: assessment developers and assessment users. Assessment developers see great potential for cognitive diagnostic assessments to inform teaching and learning by changing the way current assessments are designed. Assessment developers also argue that to maximize the educational benefits from assessments, curriculum, instruction, and assessment design should be aligned and integrated. 
Assessment users, including teachers and other educational stakeholders, are increasingly demanding relevant results from educational assessments. This requires assessments to be aligned with classroom practice to be of maximum instructional value.
The AHM to date, as a form of cognitive diagnostic assessment, addresses the path between curriculum and assessment design by identifying the knowledge, skills, and processes actually used by examinees to solve problems in a given domain. These cognitive attributes organized into a cognitive model becomes not only representation of the construct of interest, but also the cognitive test blueprint. Items can then be constructed to systematically measure each attribute combination within the cognitive model. 
The path between assessment design and instruction is also addressed by providing specific, detailed feedback about an examinee’s performance in terms of the cognitive attributes mastered. This cognitive diagnostic feedback is provided to students and teachers in the form of a score report. The skills mastery profile, along with adjunct information such as exemplar test items, can be used by the teacher to focus instructional efforts in areas where the student is requiring additional assistance. Assessment results can also provide feedback to the teacher on the effectiveness of instruction for promoting the learning objectives.
The AHM is a promising method for cognitive diagnostic assessment. Using a principled test design approach, integrating cognition into test development, can promote stronger inferences about how students actually think and solve problems. With this knowledge, students can be provided with additional information that can guide their learning, leading to improved performance on future educational assessments and problem solving tasks.
Suggested Reading.
Leighton, J. P., & Gierl, M. J. (Eds.). (2007). Cognitive diagnostic assessment for education: Theory and applications. Cambridge, UK: Cambridge University Press.

</doc>
<doc id="19978378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978378" title="Jugu">
Jugu

Jugu is a village development committee in Dolakha District in the Janakpur Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3661 people living in 764 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19978382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978382" title="Camp Chardi Kala">
Camp Chardi Kala

Camp Chardi Kala is a Sikh summer camp.
Overview.
Camp Chardi Kala is a religious camp that focuses on the values of Sikhism. Group events are held every year during the third week of August at a new campsite, Camp Na-Sho-Pa, located in Bloomingburg, New York. The camp is attended by age groups of 8-25, and some counselors are over 25. Children are divided into different groups according to their ages. Around 200 Sikh youth from all over North East America come to attend it every year. The camp fee averages around $260 per camper.
History.
Camp Chardi Kala was previously known as Camp Tuscarora. The first camp was held in 1978 in Pennsylvania with about 30 people taking part in it. Since then 5,000 Sikh youths have taken part in the camp. The camp has helped in shaping the lives of Sikh youth, along with insuring that the Sikh values get passed down from generation to generation.
On October 19, 2007, Sardar Ujagar Singh was presented with the Bhagat Singh Thind Community Empowerment Award from the United States Congress for working for decades at Camp Chardi Kala.

</doc>
<doc id="19978386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978386" title="Sureti">
Sureti

Sureti is a village development committee in Dolakha District in the Janakpur Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2844 people living in 600 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19978393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978393" title="Kabhre, Janakpur">
Kabhre, Janakpur

Kabhre, Janakpur is a village development committee in Dolakha District in the Janakpur Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4235 people living in 894 individual households.
References.
house hold 1180
total population 5781 in 064 B.s. v.d.c. name is Kabre

</doc>
<doc id="19978398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978398" title="Kalinchowk">
Kalinchowk

Kalinchowk is a village development committee in Dolakha District in the Janakpur Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2261 people living in 458 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19978407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978407" title="Joel Moss Levinson">
Joel Moss Levinson

Joel Moss Levinson is an Internet personality who has won over 13 consumer generated marketing contests, and earned more than $200,000 in money and prizes, by creating corporate jingles and short commercials.
Levinson grew up in Dayton, Ohio. His father Jim was a prosecutor and his mother was a writer. He attended George Washington University for a few semesters. He worked for the KIO (Kentucky, Indiana, Ohio) region for BBYO and traveled the country as a song leader for the organization.
In November 2008, he appeared on The Tonight Show to talk about his contest winnings. Joel was named an Access Hollywood Rising Star on December 1, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19978408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978408" title="Katakuti">
Katakuti

Katakuti is a village development committee in Dolakha District in the Janakpur Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3660 people living in 740 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19978414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978414" title="Khare, Nepal">
Khare, Nepal

Khare is a village development committee in Dolakha District in the Janakpur Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1887 people living in 387 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19978423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978423" title="XHGJG-TV">
XHGJG-TV

XHGJG-TV channel 7, also known as C7, is a public television station serving Guadalajara, Jalisco, México. Operated by the Sistema Jalisciense de Radio y Televisión, it is owned by the State of Jalisco. Its programming is primarily cultural and educational content and its signal reaches much of western México as well as being seen outside México via DirecTV.
History.
Channel 7 Television was inaugurated, along with the System Jalisciense de Radio and Televisión, on January 16, 1991.
It is focused mainly toward development of mass media for benefit of the Jalisciense people and the promotion of the cultural arts. Lic. Jesus Burgos Lopez, as director-general of the "System Jalisciense de Radio and Televisión", was responsible for the restructuring of the channel and its content for five years, ending with relocation of the station to its present facilities in the "Edificio México".
Transmitters.
C7 programming is broadcast statewide terrestrially across Jalisco, as well as by satellite.

</doc>
<doc id="19978429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978429" title="Khupachagu">
Khupachagu

Khupachagu is a village development committee in Dolakha District in the Janakpur Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1479 people living in 310 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19978440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978440" title="Laduk">
Laduk

Laduk is a village development committee in Dolakha District in the Janakpur Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3351 people living in 686 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19978449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978449" title="Lakuri Danda">
Lakuri Danda

Lakuri Danda is a village development committee in Dolakha District in the Janakpur Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3456 people living in 689 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19978455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978455" title="Belarusian history in the Russian Empire">
Belarusian history in the Russian Empire

The Belarusian history within the Russian Empire is associated with the History of Belarus from the Partitions of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth to the October Revolution when the present-day Belarus' lands were made part of the Russian Empire.
Territorial growth.
The First partition of Poland (1772) awarded only some parts of the Belarusian lands, 
northern part of the Polotsk Voivodeship, entire Mstsislaw Voivodeship and Vitebsk Voivodeship, and south eastern part of the Minsk Voivodeship, which became parts of Pskov and Mogilev "guberniyas" (governorates). 
In 1776 Polotsk Governorate was created after separating from the original Russian lands of Pskov Governorate.
The second partition (1793) added more (the remaining part of Minsk Voivodeship, Bracław Voivodeship and Vilnius Voivodeship and Brest Litovsk Voivodeship). After the third pertition virtually all Belarusian lands occurred within the Russian Empire, and the Belarusian "guberniyas" eventually constituted part of the Northwestern Krai.
Russo-Polish power struggle.
Initially, most of the Polish feudal system was retained in Belarusian lands, the polonized Litvin Catholic Szlachta dominated the territories, whilst most of the Ruthenian population was peasantry. Unlike the strong nationalist drive that was seen in Right-Bank Ukraine, a legacy of the Cossacks following the partitions, most of the Belarusian lands remained inert in terms of changes.
Polish nationalism sparked the rise of Belarusian self-identity. In 1830, the szlachta, began the November Uprising and after its failure, Nicholas I began a systematic policy of cracking down on Polish influence in the lands of modern Belarus that were claimed by Russian tsars as "White Russia". First the ruling class was removed, and the Belarusian Greek Catholic Church, at the Synod of Polotsk reverted to Eastern Orthodoxy under the leadership of Joseph Semashko in 1839. 
Meanwhile, since mid-1830s, ethnographic works about Belarus began to appear, the tentative attempts of study of language were taken up (e.g., Belarusian grammar by Shpilevskiy). The Belarusian literature tradition began to re-form, basing on the folk language instead of the written Ruthenian, initiated by the works of Vintsent Dunin-Martsinkyevich, Jan Czeczot, Jan Barszczewski and others. Still, a large part of the literature had to hide itself behind the brands "Polish" or sometimes even "Bulgarian", because Russian censorship did not tolerate the Belarusian national movement up until the Revolution of 1905.
In beginning of 1860s, both pro-Russian and pro-Polish parties in Belarusian lands had begun to realise the that the decisive role in the upcoming conflicts was shifting to the peasantry. So, quite an amount of propaganda appeared, targeted at peasantry and prepared in he Belarusian language. Notably, the anti-Russian, anti-Tsarist, anti-Orthodox "Manifest" and newspaper "Peasants' Truth" (1862–1863) by Kalinowski, the anti-Polish, anti-Revolutionary, pro-Orthodox booklets and poems (1862).
Industrialisation & rise of Belarusian nationality.
The 1860s marked a turning point of Belarus in the Russian Empire. The emancipation of the serfs in 1861, followed by the January Uprising fully left the Polish influence on Belarus behind. A number of authors started publishing in the Belarusian language, including Jan Czeczot, Władysław Syrokomla and Konstanty Kalinowski. What followed was the Industrial Revolution under Alexander III and with it the arrival of the railways Peasants sought a better lot in growing industrial centres in Belarus and a further 1.5 million people leaving to other parts of the Empire in the half-century preceding the Russian Revolution of 1917.
During this time the Russification of Belarusian culture brought to the results that in the 1897 Russian Empire Census, about 5.89 million people declared themselves speakers of "Belarusian" language rather than "Litvin" or "Ruthenian", as they did under Polish rule. The Belarusian nobility and middle class had a firm footing in the regions and Stolypin's reforms allowed the peasants standard of living to greatly increase. However at the same time, many rising Belarusian nationalists, were fearing that the growth of the Russian influence on their culture, and as a result played a decisive role in the 1905 Revolution afterwards Nicholas II officially recognised Belarusian language as independent and allowed its teachings.
Aftermath.
During World War I Belarus was caught in the front lines. The Russian Revolution of 1917 and dissolution of the Russian Empire as well as loyalty of the Germans enabled Belarusians, to establish in 1918 an independent state, the Belarusian People's Republic. However, by 1919 Bolsheviks took control over Belarus and forced the country's democratic government into exile.
Today the period of Belarus in Russian Empire is viewed with some controversy. On one side, many recognise that the period enabled the Litvin and Ruthenian identity to transform into a modern Belarusian nationality. On the other, in doing so, many traits, though coming via Poland of the Belarusian culture were lost under Tsarist pressure.

</doc>
<doc id="19978459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978459" title="Lamabagar">
Lamabagar

Lamabagar is a village development committee in Dolakha District in the Janakpur Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1688 people living in 354 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19978468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978468" title="Lamidada">
Lamidada

Lamidada is a village development committee in Dolakha District in the Janakpur Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3601 people living in 811 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19978476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978476" title="MKEK-1">
MKEK-1

The MKEK-1 "Gözcü" (Turkish - "Observer") was a projected aircraft that was to have provided the Turkish Army with a domestically designed and produced airborne observation post for artillery spotting and general liaison duties. It was the first aircraft design undertaken by MKEK following its acquisition of THK's manufacturing facilities in 1952.
However, the wide availability of the Piper Cub and Super Cub led to the Army's selection of that aircraft instead, and work on the MKEK-1 was abandoned.

</doc>
<doc id="19978478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978478" title="Sundrawati">
Sundrawati

Sundrawati is a village development committee in Dolakha District in the Janakpur Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2570 people living in 500 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19978485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978485" title="Weightlifting at the 1932 Summer Olympics – Men's 75 kg">
Weightlifting at the 1932 Summer Olympics – Men's 75 kg

The men's middleweight event was part of the weightlifting programme at the 1932 Summer Olympics. The weight class was the third-lightest contested, and allowed weightlifters of up to 75 kilograms (165 pounds). The competition was held on Sunday, July 31, 1932.
Seven weightlifters from six nations competed.
Records.
These were the standing world and Olympic records (in kilograms) prior to the 1932 Summer Olympics.
Karl Hipfinger set a new Olympic record in snatch with 107.5 kilograms and in clean and jerk with 140 kilograms. Rudolf Ismayr set a new Olympic record in total with 345 kilograms.
Results.
All figures in kilograms.

</doc>
<doc id="19978488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978488" title="Lapilang">
Lapilang

Lapilang is a village development committee in Dolakha District in the Janakpur Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3959 people living in 901 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19978494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978494" title="Sunakhani">
Sunakhani

Sunakhani is a village development committee in Dolakha District in the Janakpur Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5349.
External links.
In Sunkhani specially Shiwakoti ( A caste of brahmin) are living in majority.Kalinag temples,Chughara are the popular destination in this village.

</doc>
<doc id="19978502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978502" title="Magapauwa">
Magapauwa

Magapauwa is a village development committee in Dolakha District in the Janakpur Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3099 people living in 638 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19978509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978509" title="Makaibari">
Makaibari

Makaibari is a village development committee in Dolakha District in the Janakpur Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3744 people living in 788 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19978516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978516" title="The Committee for Truth in Politics">
The Committee for Truth in Politics

The Committee for Truth in Politics first began running ads during the United States presidential election, 2008. and most recently, in 2010, has been running ads opposing financial reforms and targeting Democrats.
History.
The conservative group has received substantial media coverage for its advertising campaigns. The organization was founded in North Carolina, and has filed a suit to protect it from an FEC investigation and enforcement action for running a political ad. The organization has sponsored advertisements against Barack Obama.
Articles.
SourceWatch.org has published an article detailing the activities of the "Committee for Truth in Politics," the people involved in these campaign ads, and the controversy over corporate "rights" to participate in U.S. elections, as well as articles about financial reforms through its "Real Economy Project." See, e.g., "Committee for Truth in Politics," "Committee for Truth in Politics," "James Bopp, Jr."; the "Corporate Rights" portal, http://www.sourcewatch.org/index.php?title=Portal:Corporate_Rights; and the "Real Economy Project," http://www.sourcewatch.org/index.php?title=Portal:Real_Economy_Project

</doc>
<doc id="19978518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978518" title="A.D. Camacha">
A.D. Camacha

Associação Desportiva da Camacha known as A.D.Camacha is a Portuguese football club from Santa Cruz, Madeira founded in 1978. They currently play in the Portuguese Second Division Zona Norte and last season which was 2007/08 they finished 9th place in the division. They currently play their home games in Campo Municipal da Nogueira with a capacity of 3,300. Their current chairman is Celso Almeida e Silva and their manager is José Barros.
History.
AD Camacha were founded on 1 August 1978 and started off in the Madeira regional Premier league. Over the past 30 years of their existence they managed to reach the Portuguese Second Division, the third-tier of Portuguese football. Their home ground stadium Campo Municipal da Nogueira has been there ever since their existence in 1978 and normally has a sell out of tickets for the home games which the stadium has a capacity of 3,300 people a game.

</doc>
<doc id="19978521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978521" title="Sailungeswor">
Sailungeswor

Sailungeswor is a village development committee in Dolakha District in the Janakpur Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3632 people living in 736 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19978528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978528" title="Glenn Bedingfield">
Glenn Bedingfield

Glenn Bedingfield (b. 15 November 1974, Pietà, Malta) is a Maltese journalist and formerly a Member of the European Parliament and General Secretary of the Forum Żgħażagħ Laburisti (the Labour Youth Forum of the Maltese Labour Party) and member of the Party's National Executive.
Career.
Bedingfield was one of the first journalists to join the newly set up Labour Party owned Super One Radio and One Television, One Productions in 1991. As an investigative political journalist Bedingfield won the 2002 Journalist of the Year award for broadcast TV. He produced controversial and investigative media programms on One Television and also in One Radio as well as publishing three investigative books on the relationship between crime and politics, the first of which landed Bedingfield in court when criminal proceedings were initiated against him by the Nationalist Government of the time. The case caused a public uproar during its first sitting and was not pursued further by the government. 
Entrepreneur.
In 2003, Bedingfield opened his first business enterprise in Vittoriosa. He moved on to open a second restaurant there. Presently he is running his third business enterprise, a wine bistro in Fort St Angelo.
Politics.
Bedingfield came to the Labour Party fold at the start of the 90s after a journalistic stint with Bay Radio, when he joined One Productions Ltd, Labour’s media venture. Since then, he has been involved in politics at district level and he was as a member of the youth section of the Labour Party, the Labour Youth Forum (Forum Żgħażagħ Laburisti) where he served as General Secretary (1996-97). Between 1997 and 2001, he was elected member in the Labour Party national executive. Bedingfield was one of four candidates chosen by Labour Party delegates during an extraordinary general conference held on 18 November 2003. Back then, MEP candidates had to win 70 per cent of valid votes from delegates during the conference. The other chosen MEP candidates were John Attard Montalto and Louis Grech (today MEPs), as well as Dr Muscat.
European Parliament.
Bedingfield was elected as a Member of the European Parliament and successor of Joseph Muscat, who relinquished his seat to become Opposition Leader in the House of Representatives. Elected on the first count with 62% of the votes, adding to nearly 20,000 votes, Bedingfield surpassed of the votes. Another 1% of votes were non-transferable. After spending couple of months as a Member of the European Parliament, he lost his position in the MEP elections by 4,982 votes, amounting to 3.67% of Labour votes, or 1.96% of the total votes. 
Family and personal life.
Bedingfield is married to Annavic née Deidun and has a daughter, Emma.

</doc>
<doc id="19978537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978537" title="Mali, Nepal">
Mali, Nepal

Mali is a village development committee in Dolakha District in the Janakpur Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3189 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19978555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978555" title="Malu, Nepal">
Malu, Nepal

Malu, Nepal is a village development committee in Dolakha District in the Janakpur Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2439 people living in 497 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19978559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978559" title="Marbu">
Marbu

Marbu is a village development committee in Dolakha District in the Janakpur Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1634 people living in 307 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19978565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978565" title="Mati, Nepal">
Mati, Nepal

Mati, Nepal is a village development committee in Dolakha District in the Janakpur Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4264 people living in 886 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19978574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978574" title="Melung">
Melung

Melung is a village development committee in Dolakha District in the Janakpur Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3888 people living in 764 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19978575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978575" title="Jan Pahor">
Jan Pahor

He began his professional career at the age of 18 in the Slovenian side FC Koper. With FC Koper he won the Slovenian Football Cup trophy in 2006. In January 2009 the player joined the Romanian Liga I team FC Farul Constanţa. Now he plays for Nea Salamis Famagusta FC that will be soon promoted to the first Cypriot league.

</doc>
<doc id="19978581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978581" title="Mirge">
Mirge

Mirge is a village development committee in Dolakha District in the Janakpur Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3216 people living in 693 individual households.
References.
<html>
<head>
<title>My village</title>
<body bgcolor="alice green">

</doc>
<doc id="19978588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978588" title="Namdu">
Namdu

Namdu is a village development committee in Dolakha District in the Janakpur Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4938 people living in 1062 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19978594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978594" title="Iraqi Communist Party (Central Command) (Widhat al-Qa'idah)">
Iraqi Communist Party (Central Command) (Widhat al-Qa'idah)

"Widhat al-Qa'idah" was a fraction that emerged within the Iraqi Communist Party (Central Command), named after a publication founded in the mid-1970s by a Central Committee member of the party, Adil Mahdi. The general secretary of the Iraqi Communist Party (Central Committee), Najim Mahmud, accused the "Widhat al-Qa'idah" group of breaching party discipline. Mahdi and is associates were expelled from the party. The "Widhat al-Qa'idah" group responded by claiming that they were the legitimate leadership of the Iraqi Communist Party (Central Command), and declared Mahmud expelled from the party. Effectively there were now two separate parties called Iraqi Communist Party (Central Command), the party led by the general secretary Mahmud and the party led by "Widha al-Qa'idah" group.
When the "Widhat al-Qa'idah" group had been expelled, they began to openly criticize the leadership of Mahmud. A sizeable section of the party cadres sided with them. Moreover, they were able to recruit new followers in the Iraqi diaspora in France and UK. The publication of "Widhat al-Qa'idah", but the group also began publishing their own version of "Tariq ash-Sha'ab" ('People's Path', the name of the main organ of the pre-split party).
In September 1976 the "Widhat al-Qa'idah" group held a party conference, comparable to a party congress. At the conference most of the more important members of pre-split the Iraqi Communist Party (Central Command) participated, as well as some independent Iraqi Marxists. Participants consisted both of party activists living inside Iraq and those in exile. Instead of a general secretary's report, the editorial board of "Widhat al-Qa'idah" presented their report to the conference. The conference elected a Central Organising Board, i.e. a provisional party leadership. The conference decided to continue the publication of "Widhat al-Qa'idah", and initiate a Kurdish publication as well. After the congress the party also began publishing an internal party organ, "al-Kadir ash-Shiu'i".
The party reaffirmed its Marxist-Leninist foundations. It stated that the political order in Iraq was a form of comprador state capitalism. It blamed the 'reformist' leadership of the Iraqi Communist Party for enabling the Baathists to seize and remain in power in Iraq. Moreover, the party condemned the Soviet Union. On the issue of Arab nationalism, the analysis of the party stated that the Iraqi communists traditionally had failed to grasp the anti-imperialist characterists of Arab nationalism. The party also issued support for the Kurdish right of self-determination, and called for communists to lead popular armed struggle in Kurdistan.
After the September 1976 conference the party continued to expand its membership, primarily in Britain and France.
In 1978 and early 1979, sectors of the party began to adopt the Three Worlds Theory of Mao Zedong.
In 1979, the Baathist regime contacted the party and offered them an alliance. At the time the Baathists were in the process of breaking their alliance with the Iraqi Communist Party. The invitation sparked a split in the party, and effectively the party was divided into two separate parties. Both claimed to the legitimate heirs of the legacy of the party and both of them publishing their own version of "Widhat al-Qa'idah". One of the groups now adhered to the Three Worlds Theory.
Both groups disappeared in the early 1980s. Adil Mahdi and his followers turned into Shi'a Islamists, initially supporting the Iranian president Abolhassan Banisadr and later supporting the line of Ayatollah Khomeini.

</doc>
<doc id="19978598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978598" title="Orang, Nepal">
Orang, Nepal

Orang, Nepal is a village development committee in Dolakha District in the Janakpur Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1771 people living in 378 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19978600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978600" title="New Ulster Movement">
New Ulster Movement

The New Ulster Movement (NUM) was a political pressure group in Northern Ireland.
The organisation was established in early 1969 under the Chairmanship of Brian Walker, and soon had a membership of around 8,000 people. Later in the year, Oliver Napier of the Ulster Liberal Party and Bob Cooper, formerly of the Ulster Unionist Party, were appointed as joint Chairmen of its political committee.
Napier and Cooper wished to establish a new political party, a position which was strongly opposed by Walker. A meeting of the NUM was held on 30 December 1969 to decide on the way forward, and a committee was elected to investigate the feasibility of launching a new party at Easter in 1970.
David Corkey, a member of the NUM, stood as an independent candidate in a by-election in South Antrim. He received 25.7% of the votes cast, and this helped build enthusiasm for the party.
Napier and Cooper launched the Alliance Party of Northern Ireland (APNI) on 21 April 1970, and used their access to the membership lists of the NUM to canvass for party members. Napier later estimated that 95-99% of NUM members left to join APNI, including eleven executive members.
In October, the NUM rewrote its constitution to prevent it from intervening in elections, and redefined itself as a think tank. It dissolved in 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="19978601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978601" title="International Bioethics Committee">
International Bioethics Committee

International Bioethics Committee.
The International Bioethics Committee (IBC) of UNESCO is a body composed of 36 independent experts from all regions and from different disciplines (mainly medicine, genetics, law, and philosophy) that follows progress in the life sciences and its applications in order to ensure respect for human dignity and human rights. It was created in 1993 by Dr Federico Mayor Zaragoza, General Director of UNESCO at that time. It has been prominent in developing Declarations with regard to norms of bioethics that are regarded as soft law but are nonetheless influential in shaping the deliberations, for example, of research ethics committees (or Institutional review board) and health policy.
Universal Declaration on Human Genome and Human Rights.
In 1993, the IBC was entrusted with the task of preparing an international instrument on the human genome, the Universal Declaration on the Human Genome and Human Rights, which was adopted by the General Conference of UNESCO in 1997 and endorsed by the General Assembly of the United Nations in 1998. The main purpose of this instrument is to protect the human genome from improper manipulations that may endanger the identity and physical integrity of future generations. To this end, it recognizes the human genome as "the heritage of humanity" (Article 1), and declares "contrary to human dignity" practices such as human cloning (Article 11) and germ-line interventions (Article 24). In addition, the Declaration intends to prevent genetic reductionism, genetic discrimination, and any use of genetic information that would be contrary to human dignity and human rights.
International Declaration on Human Genetic Data.
In 2003, the IBC issued a second global instrument, the International Declaration on Human Genetic Data, which may be regarded as an extension of the 1997 Declaration. This document sets out a number of rules for the collection, use and storage of human genetic data. It covers, among other issues, informed consent in genetics; confidentiality of genetic data; genetic discrimination; anonymization of personal genetic information; population-based genetic studies; the right not to know one’s genetic make up; genetic counselling; international solidarity in genetic research, and benefit sharing.
Universal Declaration on Bioethics and Human Rights.
The last global instrument drafted by the IBC is the Universal Declaration on Bioethics and Human Rights, which has a much broader scope than the two previous documents. It aims to provide a comprehensive framework of principles that should guide biomedical activities, in order to ensure that they are in conformity with international human rights law. The academic Thomas Alured Faunce has analysed this Declaration's non-binding social responsibility, technology transfer and transnational benefit principles which expressly apply to private and public corporations as well as states. He has argued that it has promoted a normative intersection between international human rights law and bioethics as academic disciplines.

</doc>
<doc id="19978604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978604" title="Pawati">
Pawati

Pawati is a village development committee in Dolakha District in the Janakpur Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4346 people living in 857 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19978615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978615" title="The Ball State Daily News">
The Ball State Daily News

The Ball State Daily News is the student newspaper of Ball State University, located in Muncie, Indiana. The print edition of the newspaper is published Monday through Thursday during the academic year except during exams or vacations. During summer sessions the paper is published Monday, Wednesday and Thursday. The newspaper is available free to students at various locations on the university campus. The paper has a circulation of 8,000.
"The Ball State Daily News" traces its roots to 1922, when the paper first published under the name "The Easterner".

</doc>
<doc id="19978616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978616" title="Sahare, Janakpur">
Sahare, Janakpur

Sahare, Janakpur is a village development committee in Dolakha District in the Janakpur Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2347 people living in 485 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19978621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978621" title="Reality Binge">
Reality Binge

"Reality Binge", is a weekly Fox Reality Channel original series which features reality TV clips & reality commentary every week. The show is hosted by Eric Toms.
History.
Reality Binge premiered on July 10, 2008 on Fox Reality Channel.
It aired its last episode on December 18, 2008.
Format.
Reality Binge features the host, Eric Toms, on a green screen set. The show incorporates various segments that focus on reality television shows on all television networks, both broadcast and cable.

</doc>
<doc id="19978633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978633" title="Bhimeswor">
Bhimeswor

Bhimeswar is a town and urban municipality in Dolakha District in the Janakpur Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 21,916. The major settlement is Charikot.
Media.
To Promote local culture Bhimeshwor has one Community radio Stations, they are Sailung - 104 MHZ and Radio Kalinchowk - 106.4 MHz.

</doc>
<doc id="19978651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978651" title="LNWR Prince of Wales Tank Class">
LNWR Prince of Wales Tank Class

The London and North Western Railway (LNWR) Prince of Wales Tank Class was a pacific tank engine version of the Prince of Wales Class 4-6-0 steam locomotive.
Bowen-Cooke's predecessor George Whale had built 50 related Precursor Tank Class 4-4-2 engines. In terms of familial relationships, Prince of Wales Tank was both a superheated and extended version of the Precursor Tank, and a version of the Prince of Wales Class 4-6-0 steam locomotive with side tanks and a bunker which necessitated an extension to the frames and trailing pony truck. They were mostly used on suburban services out of Euston station.
The LNWR built 47 of the superheated tanks between 1910 and 1916 under Charles Bowen-Cooke. 
All passed onto LMS ownership on the 1923 grouping. The LMS gave them the power classification 4P. Withdrawals started in 1935, their replacements being Class 4 2-6-4T designs by Fowler and Stanier. All were gone by 1941.
None was preserved.

</doc>
<doc id="19978668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978668" title="John R. Alm">
John R. Alm

John R. Alm (born in 1945) was a former President and Chief Executive Officer for Coca-Cola Enterprises.
Life and work.
Education.
Alm obtained a bachelors degree in accounting at the University at Buffalo. 
Although the University has a contract with Pepsi, there is one Coca-Cola vending machine on campus in honor of Alm.
Career.
It was in 1980 when Alm was hired by the Johnston Coca-Cola Bottling Group as senior vice president and chief financial officer. 11 years later, in 1991, the Johnston Coca-Cola Bottling Group merged with Coca-Cola Enterprises where Alm became vice president and kept his job as chief financial officer. After the two merged it was in 1996 when he was elected as senior vice president. Then in 1997 he was promoted to executive vice president and in April 1999 promoted to principal operating officer. In 2004 he was promoted to Chief Executive Officer. One year later in 2005 Alm became the President of Coca Cola Enterprises. Since 2001, Alm has been a part of the Board of Directors for Coca-Cola Enterprises. He retired from the company on January 1, 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19978698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978698" title="Mónica Pont">
Mónica Pont

Mónica Pont Chafer (born June 3, 1969 in Bufali, Valencia) is a former long-distance runner from Spain, who won the Rotterdam Marathon on April 23, 1995 clocking 2:30:34. She represented her native country at the 1996 Summer Olympics in the women's marathon race, where she finished in 14th place. Pont set her personal best (2:27:53) in the classic distance in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="19978736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978736" title="The Women (1939 film)">
The Women (1939 film)

The Women is a 1939 American comedy-drama film directed by George Cukor. The film is based on Clare Boothe Luce's play of the same name, and was adapted for the screen by Anita Loos and Jane Murfin, who had to make the film acceptable for the Production Code in order for it to be released.
The film stars Norma Shearer, Joan Crawford, Rosalind Russell, Paulette Goddard, Joan Fontaine, Lucile Watson, Mary Boland, and Virginia Grey, as well as Marjorie Main and Phyllis Povah, the last two of whom reprised their stage roles from the play. Florence Nash, Ruth Hussey, Virginia Weidler, Butterfly McQueen, and Hedda Hopper also appeared in smaller roles. Fontaine was the last surviving actress with a credited role in the film; she died in 2013. 
The film continued the play's all-female tradition—the entire cast of more than 130 speaking roles was female. Set in the glamorous Manhattan apartments of high society evoked by Cedric Gibbons, and in Reno where they obtain their divorces, it presents an acidic commentary on the pampered lives and power struggles of various rich, bored wives and other women they come into contact with.
Throughout "The Women", not a single male is seen — although the males are much talked about, and the central theme is the women's relationships with them. Lesbianism is intimated in the portrayal of only one character, Nancy Blake. The attention to detail was such that even in props such as portraits only female figures are represented, and several animals which appeared as pets were also female. The only exceptions are a poster-drawing clearly of a bull in the fashion show segment and an ad on the back of the magazine Peggy reads at Mary's house before lunch.
Filmed in black and white, it includes a ten-minute fashion parade filmed in Technicolor, featuring Adrian's most outré designs; often cut in modern screenings, it has been restored by Turner Classic Movies. On DVD, the original black and white fashion show, which is a different take, is available for the first time.
Plot.
"The Women" follows the lives of Manhattan women, focusing in particular on Mary Haines (Norma Shearer), the cheerful, contented wife of Stephen and mother of Little Mary (Virginia Weidler). After a bit of gossip flies around the salon these wealthy women visit, Mary's cousin Sylvia Fowler (Rosalind Russell) goes to a Salon to get the newest, exclusive nail color: Jungle Red. She learns from a manicurist that Mary's husband has been having an affair with a predatory perfume counter girl named Crystal Allen (Joan Crawford). A notorious gossip, Sylvia delights in sharing the news with Mary's friends; she sets up Mary with an appointment with the same manicurist so that she hears the rumor about Stephen's infidelity.
While Mary's mother (Lucile Watson) urges her to ignore the gossip, Mary begins to have her own suspicions about her husband's increasingly frequent claims that he needs to work late. She decides to travel to Bermuda with her mother to think about the situation and hope the rumors will fade. Upon her return, Mary heads to a fashion show and learns that Crystal is in attendance, trying on clothes in a dressing room. Mary, at Sylvia's insistence, confronts her about the affair, but Crystal is completely unapologetic and slyly suggests that Mary keep the status quo unless she wants to lose Stephen in a divorce. Heartbroken and humiliated, Mary leaves quickly. The gossip continues, exacerbated by Sylvia and her friend Edith (Phyllis Povah), who turns the affair into a public scandal by recounting Sylvia's version of the story to a notorious gossip columnist. Mary chooses to divorce her husband despite his efforts to convince her to stay. Mary explains the divorce to Little Mary.
On a train to Reno, where she will get her divorce, Mary meets several women with the same destination and purpose: the dramatic, extravagant Countess de Lave (Mary Boland); Miriam Aarons (Paulette Goddard), a tough-cookie chorus girl; and, to her surprise, her friend Peggy Day (Joan Fontaine), a shy young woman. Mary and her new friends settle in at a Reno ranch, where they get plenty of unsolicited advice from Lucy (Marjorie Main), the gruffly warm-hearted woman who runs the ranch. The Countess tells tales of her multiple husbands and seems to have found another prospect in Reno, a cowboy named Buck Winston. Miriam reveals she has been having an affair with Sylvia Fowler's husband and plans to marry him. Peggy, who has discovered that she is pregnant, is urged to call her husband, resolve their misunderstanding and end the divorce proceedings, which she successfully does. Sylvia arrives at the ranch, now that her husband has requested a divorce ("Well, girls: move over"). When she discovers that Miriam is to become the new Mrs. Fowler, a catfight ensues. Mary succeeds in breaking up the fight. Miriam convinces her that she, too, should forget her pride, get her husband on the phone and try to patch things up before their divorce becomes legal in a few hours. Before Mary can decide, it rings — the call is from Stephen, who informs Mary that he and Crystal have just been married.
Two years pass. At the Haines apartment, Crystal, the new Mrs. Haines, is taking a bubble bath and talking on the phone to her lover, who turns out to be Buck Winston, now the husband of the Countess de Lave (Mary Boland) and a successful radio star. Little Mary overhears the conversation before being shooed away by Crystal, who, unsurprisingly, has no time or patience for the child. Sylvia figures out with whom Crystal has been speaking and having an affair. Still an unrelenting gossip, Sylvia tucks this information away for later use. Mary hosts a dinner for her Reno friends to celebrate the two-year anniversary of the Countess and Buck, after which the Countess, Miriam, and Peggy go to a party and urge Mary to come along. Mary decides to stay home. She chats with Little Mary, who inadvertently reveals how unhappy Stephen is and mentions Crystal's "lovey dovey" talk with Buck on the telephone. This news changes Mary's mind about the party. She gets dressed up, intent on fighting to get her ex back: "I've had two years to grow claws, Mother -- Jungle Red!"
At the party, Mary manages to worm the details of the affair out of Sylvia, then makes sure that a gossip columnist (played by a real-life one, Hedda Hopper) is alerted to it. Mary tells the Countess that her husband Buck has been having an affair with Crystal, then informs Crystal that everyone knows what she's been doing. Crystal doesn't care and tells Mary she can have Stephen back, since she'll now have Buck to support her. The Countess reveals that she has been funding Buck's radio career and that with Crystal he will be penniless and out of a job. Crystal resigns herself to the fact that she'll be heading to Reno herself and then back to the perfume counter, adding: "And by the way, there's a name for you ladies, but it isn't used in high society -- outside of a kennel."
Mary, triumphant, heads out the door and up the stairs to win back Stephen, who is waiting for her.
Production.
In January 1937, producers Harry M. Goetz and Max Gordon bought the film rights to the play for $125,000 and planned on turning it into a Claudette Colbert vehicle, with Gregory LaCava as the director. In March 1938, Norma Shearer and Carole Lombard were in negotiations to star. In November 1938, it was announced Jane Murfin was busy writing the film's screenplay at MGM. Virginia Weidler was cast on April 24, 1939.
Technicolor sequence.
"The Women" has one color sequence by Technicolor, a scene featuring a fashion show. When interviewed by TCM host Robert Osborne, director George Cukor stated that he did not like the sequence and that he wanted to remove it from the film.
Reception.
The film was commercially successful and was cited as one of the best of the year. Although it received no Academy Award nominations, many critics now describe it as one of the major films of what was a stellar year in Hollywood film production. On review aggregate website Rotten Tomatoes, "The Women" holds a 90% 'Fresh' rating.
Box Office.
According to MGM records the film earned $1,610,000 in the US and Canada and $660,000 elsewhere but because of its high production cost ultimately incurred a loss of $262,000.
Cultural Impact.
In 2007, "The Women" was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant".
Remakes.
It was remade as a 1956 musical comedy, "The Opposite Sex", starring June Allyson, Joan Collins, and Ann Miller.
In 1977 it was remade by Rainer Werner Fassbinder for German television as "Women in New York".
In 2008, Diane English wrote and directed a remake of the same title, her feature film directorial debut. The comedy starred Meg Ryan, Eva Mendes, Annette Bening, Jada Pinkett Smith, Bette Midler, and Debra Messing, and was released in 2008 by Picturehouse Entertainment, a sister company to Warner Bros. (the current owners of the 1939 version through Turner Entertainment).

</doc>
<doc id="19978740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978740" title="1998–99 Ukrainian Second League">
1998–99 Ukrainian Second League

The 1998–99 Ukrainian Second League is the eighth season of 3rd level professional football in Ukraine. The competitions are divided into three groups – A, B, and C.
Group A.
Team Changes.
"Verkhovyna Uzhhorod" participated previously in the First League. 
"Enerhetyk Burshtyn" obtained the professional status and entered the Second League.
"Berkut Bedevlya", "Tysmenytsia", "Karpaty Mukacheve" refused to participate
Standings.
On November 7, 1998 "Verkhovyna Uzhhorod" had their name changed to "Zakarpattia". Veres, Krystal, and Haray are fined of six (6) tournament points. Berkut refused to participate before the start of the season. Krystal and Haray left the competition after the first half. The game Naftovyk - Systema-Boreks 2:1 was annulled and a technical loss (-:+) was awarded to the home team.
Group B.
Team Changes.
"Kryvbas-2 Kryvyi Rih" obtained the professional status and entered the Second League.
"Slavutych-ChAES Slavutych", "Fakel Varva" refused to participate.
"SKA-Lotto Odessa" was replaced with Dynamo Odessa and renamed into "Dynamo-SKA Odessa".
Standings.
"Dynamo-SKA Odessa" is fined of six (6) tournament points. Lokomotyv and Nyva left the competition during the first half (Round 7). Fortuna and Dynamo-SKA stop their participation after the first half. The game Fortuna - Dynamo-SKA 3:3 was annulled and awarded a technical loss (-:+) to the home team for cheating.
Group C.
Team Changes.
"Avanhard Rovenky", "Zorya Luhansk", "Khimik Severodonetsk" participated previously in the First League. 
"VPS Kramatorsk", "Metalurh=2 Zaporizhia", "Shakhtar Horlivka", "Dalis Komyshuvakha" obtained the professional status and entered the Second League.
"Khimik Severodonetsk", "Dalis Komyshivakha", "Metalurh-2 Donetsk", "Slovianets Konotop", "Pivdenstal Yenakieve" refused to participate.
Standings.
Legend:

</doc>
<doc id="19978782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978782" title="Mexico–Spain relations">
Mexico–Spain relations

Mexican-Spanish relations refers to the interstate relations between the United Mexican States and the Kingdom of Spain. Like many other Latin American nations, despite having achieved independence, Mexico retains a fairly strong and stable relationship with Spain. 
Both nations are members of the G20, Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development, Organization of Ibero-American States and the United Nations.
History.
Spanish conquest.
The Spanish conquistador Hernán Cortés led an expedition to what is now Mexico in 1518, establishing the city of Veracruz on his arrival. Tenochitlan, the capital of the Aztec Empire, fell to Spain in 1521. It was renamed Mexico City, the capital of the Viceroyalty of New Spain. The Viceroyalty had a stratified social hierarchy on race, with the purest white Europeans on top, who had the most civil rights.
Mexican War of Independence.
The late 18th and early 19th century saw much revolutionary feeling in the countries of Western Europe and their colonies. The feeling built up in Mexico after the occupation of Spain by the French Revolutionary Emperor Napoleon in 1808, and the 1810 "Grito de Dolores" speech by Mexican Catholic priest Miguel Hidalgo y Costilla against Spanish rule is widely recognized as the beginning of the Mexican War of Independence. Although Hidalgo was white, he wanted racial equality and recruited many non-whites to his forces. In 1811, Hidalgo was executed, but his movement fought on until the establishment of the independent constitutional Mexican Empire in 1821, following the Treaty of Córdoba. The Empire was ousted and the first Mexican Republic created in 1823.
Early relations.
Spain established diplomatic relations with Mexico on 26 December 1836 (15 years after it recognized its independence). In the beginning, the diplomatic relationship between the two nations was strained due to Mexico having been a former colony of Spain and the latter's unsuccessful endeavors to reconquer its former colony in the ensuing years under General Isidro Barradas.
Spanish Civil War.
During the Spanish Civil War (1936-1939) Mexico had provided arms and refuge to political refugees. Throughout the war, Mexican volunteers joined the Republican side to fight Francisco Franco. In 1939 when Francisco Franco took power in Spain, Mexico severed diplomatic relations between the two nations. Though the Republicans had lost the war, this helped improve the relationship between the two countries after the death of Franco. Mexico and Spain re-established diplomatic relations on 28 March 1977.
Present day.
Mexico and Spain share close and warm diplomatic relations today. On several occasions, both countries had supported each other diplomatically and there have been several high level visits and meetings between both governments including with the Spanish Royal Family. In 1997, Mexico signed a Free Trade Agreement with the European Union, of which Spain is a member.
Both countries' relationship continue to be based on deep-rooted cultural similarities, such as through surnames of Spanish origin and Roman Catholicism, and a shared linguistic heritage.

</doc>
<doc id="19978812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978812" title="The Way We Live Now (disambiguation)">
The Way We Live Now (disambiguation)

The Way We Live Now is a novel by Anthony Trollope.
The Way We Live Now may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19978818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978818" title="Calcutta Metropolitan Institute of Gerontology">
Calcutta Metropolitan Institute of Gerontology

The Calcutta Metropolitan Institute of Gerontology is a non-profit, voluntary organisation involved in research, publication, training, and service programs in gerontology. It is located in Kolkata, India. It was established in 1988.
The aims and objectives of this organization is to provide a meaningful life to the elderly and to integrate them with the mainstream of the society.
The Calcutta Metropolitan Institute of Gerontology is a non-profit, secular organisation has designed and carefully evaluated number of programs for the elderly belonging to different Socio Economic Statuses.
The institute offers a one year postgraduate diploma course in Gerontology and Age Management, in collaboration with the prestigious and historic University of Calcutta.

</doc>
<doc id="19978828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978828" title="Harry Connick, Jr. discography">
Harry Connick, Jr. discography

The official American discography of Harry Connick, Jr. starts in 1977, with the release of his recording with a local Dixieland band. Connick's releases consist of 21 albums on Sony; three albums on the Marsalis Music label; and one each on Adco Productions and on Papa's-June Music.
His best selling album to date (August 2009) in the United States is his 1993 multi platinum Christmas album "When My Heart Finds Christmas", which also is one of the best selling Christmas albums of the sound scan era in the United States. His highest charting album to date is "Only You" which reached #5 in the US and #6 in the UK.
Connick has had the most No. 1 albums (11) on Billboard's Top Jazz Albums chart. He has sold over 15 million albums in the US (16 million certified).
Albums.
U.S. certification information is from RIAA, Canadian certification information from CRIA, Australian certification information from ARIA, French certification information from SNEP, U.S. chart positions are from Allmusic and Billboard.
Various appearances.
These tracks are not found on any of Connick's own albums.

</doc>
<doc id="19978847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978847" title="Percy Jack Clayson">
Percy Jack Clayson

Percy Jack Clayson MC, DFC was a British Flying Ace in World War I credited with twenty-nine victories.
Background.
Clayson was born in Deptford, London on 7 June 1896. In the 1910 Census of Watford he is a 14-year old Pupil at the Royal Masonic School at Bushey.
Involvement in World War I.
Clayson joined the Royal Naval Air Service at the outbreak of war and served in France from December 1914. He then transferred to the Royal Flying Corps and joined No. 1 Squadron on 31 October 1917.
Clayson gained his first victory on 16 February 1918. He was awarded the Military Cross on 9 April 1918, and in May of that year became a flight commander. 
On 12 June 1918, he was cited for the Distinguished Flying Cross and by the end of July had achieved a total of twenty-nine credited victories; 1 shared destroyed ballon, 1 (and 1 shared) aircraft captured, 9 (and 9 shared) aircraft destroyed, and 5 (and 3 shared) aircraft 'out of control'. 
He was invested with his DFC on 24 July 1919 by The King at Buckingham Palace. Clayson was posted to Home Establishment on 3 August 1918, ending his involvement in direct engagement with the enemy.
Later Military Service.
Clayson served during the 1920s with Nos. 6 and 70 Squadron, RAF. He retired due to ill health on 16 April 1929.

</doc>
<doc id="19978851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978851" title="Mid-Atlantic Council of Latin American Studies">
Mid-Atlantic Council of Latin American Studies

The Middle Atlantic Council of Latin American Studies (MACLAS) is a learned society of Mid-Atlantic region scholars, researchers, teachers students and interested professionals in all disciplines and pursuits. This region comprises Delaware, Maryland, New Jersey, New York, Pennsylvania, Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia. MACLAS has as its objectives promoting and developing interest in Latin American studies and affairs. The organization was founded in Pittsburgh in 1979.
Activities of MACLAS.
The annual MACLAS conference features research-based panels and a business meeting.
The association publishes news throughout the year and a refereed journal, Latin American Essays, once each year. The journal is a selection of papers presented at the annual meeting and includes papers from a variety of disciplines, including: Political Science; Anthropology; Economics; History; Languages and Literature; and Pedagogy.
MACLAS also annually awards its Whitaker Prize for the best book, the Davis Prize for best journal article, and Street Prize for the best article in the journal. In addition, two student prizes are awarded for outstanding papers presented at the annual meeting: the Martz Prize for best paper by a graduate student and the Espadas Prize for best paper by an undergraduate student.
Purpose of MACLAS.
The purposes of MACLAS are to foster and develop interest in Latin American Studies by scholars, researchers, teachers, students and interested professionals primarily located in the Middle Atlantic region, to encourage more effective training, teaching and research, and to facilitate greater exchange of information and ideas.
MACLAS shares the broad purposes of the Latin American Studies Association and other regional groups but shall not necessarily be bound by their policies.
Officers and Governance.
The officers of MACLAS are elected by its members. The 2009-2010 president is Regina A. Root, associate professor of Hispanic studies at The College of William and Mary.
MACLAS is governed by an Executive Council, elected periodically by its members.

</doc>
<doc id="19978864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978864" title="Karl Hipfinger">
Karl Hipfinger

Karl Hipfinger (October 28, 1905 – April 20, 1984) was an Austrian weightlifter who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics and in the 1932 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Vienna.
In 1928 he failed to set a mark in the clean and jerk competition of the middleweight class.
Four years later at the 1932 Games he won a bronze medal in the middleweight class.

</doc>
<doc id="19978870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978870" title="Overrun Countries series">
Overrun Countries series

The Overrun Countries series was a series of eleven commemorative postage stamps, each of five-cent denomination, issued by the United States over a fifteen-month period in 1943–44 as a tribute to thirteen nations overrun and occupied by the Axis Powers during or shortly before World War II.
The stamps depict, in full color, the national flags of Poland, Czechoslovakia, Norway, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Belgium, France, Greece, Yugoslavia, Albania, Austria, Denmark, and Korea, with the names of the respective countries underneath. To the left of each flag appears the symbol of a phoenix, symbolizing the renewal of life, and to its right appears a kneeling female figure with arms raised, breaking the shackles of servitude.
The stamps with flags of European countries were released at intervals from June to December 1943, while the Korea flag stamp was released in November 1944.
Because of the elaborate process necessary for the full-color printing, the United States government's Bureau of Engraving and Printing in Washington, DC, contracted with a private firm, the American Bank Note Company in New York City, to produce the stamps.

</doc>
<doc id="19978874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978874" title="Piotr Gładki">
Piotr Gładki

Piotr Gładki (born February 8, 1972 in Gdańsk, Poland – died May 27, 2005 in Wyczechowo, Poland) was a long-distance runner from Poland, who won the 2000 edition of the Hamburg Marathon. He represented his native country at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia, where he didn't finish in the men's marathon race. Gładki died in a car crash at age 33.

</doc>
<doc id="19978931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978931" title="The Choice (philosophy book)">
The Choice (philosophy book)

The Choice (2008) is a philosophy book, where the author Eliyahu M. Goldratt explains his way of thinking about reality and the consequences of thinking clearly.
The book is structured as a dialogue between the author and his daughter Efrat, where he attempts to explain clearly the way he thinks, and the obstacles that prevent people from thinking in the same fashion. Interspersed between the dialogues are short cases that demonstrate or further explore the points raised in the discussion.
The content of this book might be seen as explaining the basic principles upon which are based the TOC Thinking Processes.

</doc>
<doc id="19978969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978969" title="1996 Alabama Crimson Tide football team">
1996 Alabama Crimson Tide football team

The 1996 Alabama Crimson Tide football team represented the University of Alabama for the 1996–97 college football season, competing in the Western Division in the Southeastern Conference. Gene Stallings led the Crimson Tide to a 10–3 record in his final year with the program. The team played their home games at Bryant-Denny Stadium in Tuscaloosa, Alabama, and Legion Field in Birmingham, Alabama.
Alabama's loss to Mississippi State broke a 15-game winning streak Alabama had in the series and was their first loss to the Bulldogs since a dramatic upset MSU posted over the #1 ranked Tide in 1980.
Following a victory in the annual Iron Bowl on November 23, head coach Gene Stallings announced his retirement, which would go into effect at the end of the season.

</doc>
<doc id="19978975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978975" title="Vehicle registration plates of Bolivia">
Vehicle registration plates of Bolivia

Bolivia requires its residents to register their motor vehicles and display vehicle registration plates. Older plate serials consisted of three numbers followed by three letters (A to Z, except O and Q), while current plate serials consist of four numbers followed by three letters. At the top of the plate, "BOLIVIA" is spelled out. At top left, the Bolivian flag may be present, and at top right, a letter denoting the department in which the car is registered, according to the code, is displayed on either a metal tab on older plates or a sticker on newer plates.
Serial digits progress sequentially from right to left, with the 000 AAA format followed by the 1000AAA format and currently the 2000AAA format.
For all types of plates, the motorcycle version uses the same serial format and colors but with a smaller overall plate size.
The first and second sets of replacement plates in the case of theft or loss of the previous set of plates feature the same serial but with a small"1" or "2", respectively, added between the numbers and letters.
Commercial and for-hire vehicles often have the plate number painted on either side of the vehicle as well.

</doc>
<doc id="19978989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19978989" title="Roger François">
Roger François

Roger François (October 7, 1900 – February 15, 1949) was a French weightlifter. He competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics, in the 1928 Summer Olympics, and in the 1932 Summer Olympics.
Career.
François was born in Romans-sur-Isère, Drôme.
In 1924, he finished sixth in the middleweight class.
Four years later at the 1928 Games, François won the gold medal in the middleweight competition.
At the 1932 Olympics, he finished fourth in the middleweight class.

</doc>
