<doc id="20056145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20056145" title="Military Nursing Service (India)">
Military Nursing Service (India)

The Indian Military Nursing Service is a Corps or regiment of the Indian Army, first formed under British rule in 1881.
History.
The Military Nursing Service Indian Army has its origin from the Army Nursing Service formed in 1881 part of the British Army. The force went through many changes in its 126 years of glorious existence. In 1893, it was designated as Indian Army Nursing Service. The force went through further changes in 1902, when the Indian Nursing Service and the Army Nursing Service were combined and on 27 March 1902, it was redesignated to Queen Alexandra’s Imperial Military Nursing Service At the outbreak of world war in 1914 there were just fewer than 300 nurses in the QAIMNS, by the end of the war this had raised to 10,404. The Army nurses served in Flanders, the Mediterranean, the Balkans, the Middle East and onboard hospital ships. Of the 200 plus army nurses died on active service, many were Indians. After, the war on 1st October1926, the Nursing Services was granted permanent status in Indian Army. This date is formally recognised as the formation day of Military Nursing Service, though in actual its origins occurred 45 five years before (many Corps of the Army, including Army Medical Corps [http://indianarmy.nic.in/arms/index_amc.htm traces its origin to more than hundreds of years back in the similar way, though they were actually formed after independence).
With the outbreak of second world war, nurses once again found themselves serving all over the world, including Singapore, Burma, Italy, Mesopotamia, Ceylon, Egypt and Western Africa. The changing working conditions and wartime shortages led to changes in uniform. Khaki slacks and battledress blouses replaced the grey and scarlet ward dress and rank insignia was adopted to signify the officer status of the nurses. In the Far East, the fall of Hong Kong and Singapore led to many army nurses (including Indian) being captured by the Japanese and endured terrible hardships and deprivations of the Far East prisoner-of-war camps. During the middle of the war in 1943, the Indian arm of the Nursing Services was separated through Indian Military Nursing Service Ordinance, 1943 and redesignated it, thereby constituting the Military Nursing Service (MNS) in its present form.
The Officers of the Military Nursing Service are governed by Indian Military Nursing Service Ordinance 1943 and Military Nursing Service Rules, 1944. The Section 5 of the ordinance provides that, all members of the Indian Military Nursing Service shall be of commissioned rank and shall be appointed as officers of the Indian Military Nursing Service by the Central Government by notification in the Official Gazette. The Nursing Service Officers are also subject to Army Act 1950, Army Rules 1954, Defence Service Regulations and various Government Orders, Army Instructions, Army Orders, issued from time to time.
Now, the Military Nursing Service is an integral part of the Armed Forces Medical Services (AFMS)[http://indianarmy.nic.in/dgafms/index.htm]. The AFMS consists of Army Medical Corps (AMC), Army Dental Corps 
[http://www.indianarmy.gov.in/army_dental_corps/heritage4.htm](ADC) and Military Nursing Service (MNS). The AFMS personnel serve in the medical establishments of Army, Navy and Air Force. The Military Nursing Service was treated as under dogs since the inception of AFMS in 1948 (the AMC and AD Corps are more or less equally positioned, though most of the cream appointments in AFMS are occupied by AMC). After the independence, the Officers of MNS have not only served in India but have also played a role in United Nations peace keeping missions abroad in UN missions to Lebanon, Cambodia, Somalia and scores of other Nations. Many of such missions are still active.
The Military Nursing Service, post independence is denied equal status with the Regular Forces and discriminated by not awarding (a) Reforms as awarded to other regular officers by the implementation of Bagga Commission, which provided time bound promotion up to the rank of Colonel, (b) Pay is not at par with the similar placed ranks in the regular army, i.e., Grade Pay is placed lower, Military Service Pay is placed lower,(c)Flag Car status is not granted to rank of Brigadier & above, and(d)All major Army Officers Institutes, refuse membership. It will not be wrong to say that Military Nurses are facing a silent denial of equal status in the Regular Army.
Recently, they had been a part of the Medical team, which was sent to Iran to give medical cover to the wounded in a devastating earthquake, which struck Bam in Iran. Apart from the professional activities, MNS Officers have also participated in sports and adventure activities at National and International levels. An MNS Major won a gold medal in shooting in the last Commonwealth Games.
Rank Structure.
The various ranks of the Military Nursing Service are listed below in descending order:Commissioned Officers
Presently there are no personnel equivalent to JCOs/OR in the Military Nursing Service as the other para-medical personnel such as Nursing Assistants and Ambulance Assistants are part of Army Medical Corps.
Relevant Provisions of Military Law.
The Military Nursing Service was formally established in the present form through the Indian Military Nursing Service Ordinance, 1943. The Section 5 of the ordinance ordained that, all members of the Indian Military Nursing Service shall be of commissioned rank and shall be appointed as officers of the Indian Military Nursing Service by the Central Government by notification in the Official Gazette. The Section 9 (1) provides that provisions of the Indian Army Act, 1911 (now Army Act 1950), shall, to such extent and subject to such adaptations and modifications as may be prescribed, apply to Officers of the Indian Military Nursing Service as they apply to Indian commissioned officers, unless they are clearly inapplicable to women. The modifications and adaptations of the Indian Army Act 1911, as applicable to Officers of Indian Military Nursing Service were published in the War Department notification no. 923 dated 13 Jun 1944. After the independence of our country, through a special gazette of India notification, the Army Act 1950 was subsequently made applicable to the Officers of Military Nursing Service with suitable modification and adaptation. These adaptations and modifications are contained in Army Order 197/59. These modifications and adaptations of Army Act, 1950 are only pertaining to Military Offences, otherwise, the rest of the Army Act in its entirety is applicable to MNS Officers. The Sections of Army Act dealing with offences (at that time) were modified for the Military Nursing Service, because it was constituted as an all women force. The Nursing Service Officers were the only women serving in the Indian armed forces during the Second World War.
The Central Government, under the powers conferred by Section 10 of Indian Military Nursing Service Ordinance, 1943, framed the Military Nursing Service (India) Rules, 1944. The Rule 3(a) lays down that the provisions of the Indian Army Act, 1911, shall apply to officers of the Nursing Services mentioned in Sub Section 1 of Section 9 of the Ordinance, as if they were Indian Commissioned Officers, and Sub Rule (b) stipulates that, the provisions of the Army Act shall apply to officers of the Nursing Service mentioned in Sub Section (2) of the said Section, as if they were Officers of the Regular Forces. The Rules 5 and 6 gives the specific adaptations and modification as ordained in Section 9(1) of the Ordinance. As a whole, the Rules lay down the modalities for the implementation of the Ordinance.
The Army Act, 1950 is applicable to the Officers of Nursing Services, with some exceptions to certain sections, which are from Section 34 to 70 dealing with offences. Of the provisions of the Army Act dealing with offences, only Section 39 - Absence without leave and Section 63 - Violation of good order and discipline shall apply to offences committed by Officers of Nursing Services. The Army Rule, 1954, in its entirety is applicable to Officers of Nursing Services. The Rule 16A lays down the authority for release of Officers from Nursing Services. The Rule 16A: Retirement of officers. — (1) Officers shall be retired from service under the orders of the Central Government, or the authorities specified in sub-rule (2), with effect from the afternoon of the last date of the month in which they—(a) Attain the age limits specified in sub-rule (5);or (b) Complete the tenures of appointment specified in sub-rule 5 (f) (ii) and (g) (ii) and sub-rule (6), whichever is earlier.(2) The authorities referred to in sub-rule (1) shall be—(a) The Director-General, Armed Forces Medical Services in respect of officers of the Army Medical Corps, Army Dental Corps and Military Nursing Service.
The Officers of Nursing Services are governed by Defence Service Regulations - Regulations for the Army 1987, various Government Orders, Army Instructions and Army Orders. The Defence Service Regulations - Regulations for the Army (DSR), Para 733 (b) ordained that women officers serving in the Army Medical Corps and officers in the Military Nursing Service will rank equally with male officers of the same titular rank The Army Rank was granted to Nursing Officers by Army Instruction 4/59. They are entitled to salute and other compliments as laid down in Army Order 353/73. The Army Order 70/73 lays down that, persons subject to Army Act who are placed under the professional care of officers of the Military Nursing Service shall obey and comply with professional orders and direction of such Nursing Officers. They shall be liable to be punished for non-compliance of such orders, under Section 63 of Army Act, 1950 for violation of good order and discipline. The pay and allowances of Officers of Nursing Services are as per the government orders issued from time to time. The Army Order 11/82 lays down the order of precedence of Military Nursing Service in the hierarchy of the Arms and Services of the Army. The DSR, Vol – I Para 235, assigns ADGMNS (Additional Director General MNS – held by an Officer of Major General rank), the duty of technical advisor to DGAFMS, DGMS (Army), DGMS (Navy) and DGMS (Air Force). Further, the DSR, Vol – I, Para 242 (read with Para 243, 247, 250 and 251) lays down that, all Nursing Officers in charges of wards and departments are responsible only to the Principal Matron of the Military (including Navy and Air Force) Hospital (Medical Establishment).

</doc>
<doc id="20056149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20056149" title="Regency Square Mall (Jacksonville)">
Regency Square Mall (Jacksonville)

Regency Square Mall is an enclosed shopping mall in Jacksonville, Florida, USA. Opened in 1967, the mall features more than 100 stores, including four anchor stores (Belk, Dillard's Clearance Center, JCPenney, and Sears) and a food court. It is owned by Namdar Realty Group and Mason Asset Management.
History.
Regency Square Mall was a $12 million project of Regency Centers, constructed at an expanse of sand dunes. It initially featured three anchor stores: national chain JCPenney, along with May-Cohens and Ivey's. The mall also included a Woolworth dime store as a junior anchor, a cafeteria style Piccadilly restaurant, as well as the single-screen Regency Cinema. Annie Tiques bar and restaurant opened on an outparcel of the mall. 
1970s.
According to an "Urban Land Institute" study published by the Florida Times-Union in 1979, it was one of the most profitable retail centers in the nation, with yearly average sales of $156/ft² versus a national average of $88/ft². To give back to the community, the mall operators turned over thousands of dollars in coins from their decorative fountains to charities. All types of social events, from art shows to science fairs to horticultural exhibits were held there. 
1980s.
In 1981, a $30 million major expansion nearly doubled the size of the mall, adding Sears and a relocated Ivey's. The former Ivey's became Furchgott's, and the existing May-Cohens was also enlarged. As a result of this expansion, the mall comprised two separate segments: the original mall between JCPenney and May-Cohens, and the new segment between May-Cohens and Sears. Furchgott's was closed in 1985 when the chain merged with Stein Mart. Unlike the other Furchgott's stores, the one at Regency Square did not become a Stein Mart, as the mall management considered the chain too low-end for the mall. When the Jacksonville Landing opened in 1987, Annie Tiques moved the business there. 
1990s.
In 1991, Regency Group sold the property to General Growth Properties of Chicago for $71.8 million. 
May-Cohens briefly operated as a May Company Florida before being acquired by Baton Rouge-based Maison Blanche in July 1988. In early 1992, this store was sold to Mobile-based Gayfer's. 
Dillard's, who had rebranded the Ivey's store in June 1990, built a new location onto the West Wing, which opened -along with of new inline store space- in 1992. The mall's Woolworth closed in July 1997. Ivey's former store became Montgomery Ward.
In 1998, the Gayfer's parent company, Mercantile Stores, was purchased by Dillard's. As was the case in most other markets where Dillard's and Gayfer's overlapped, the former Gayfer's store was then sold to Belk, thus bringing that chain to Jacksonville for the first time. The store was in the process of a second expansion when the nameplate was converted. The mall also underwent a $30 million renovation in 1998, which comprised the addition of a new, 24-screen movie complex to replace the existing six-screen theater inside the mall. A substation of the Jacksonville Sheriff's office was also added, as was a food court. Old Navy also came to the mall in the late 1990s. 
Regency announced formal conduct and dress codes in 1999 to deal with offensive or intimidating behavior and gang activity. Because the mall is private property, management has the right to ask individuals not in compliance to leave the premises.
2000s.
Montgomery Ward closed in 2001, and Burdines expressed interest in moving into the vacated building. Starting in 2003, General Growth began talking with other retailers, such as Kohl's (which did not operate any stores in Florida at the time) to fill the space vacated by Montgomery Ward. Finally, in 2006, Homeworks Furniture opened in the former Montgomery Ward space, but it later closed.
Since 2000, crime has become a major issue at Regency Square. Over 1,000 incidents were reported in 2004, the highest ever. Between September, 2007 and September, 2008, 650 unlawful acts were documented by the Jacksonville Sheriff's Office, more than the combined total of crimes at Jacksonville's other two major retail centers, The Avenues Mall and St. Johns Town Center. On January 26, 2008, a suspect was killed by an off-duty policeman who was called to pursue a fleeing man who had stolen a pair of jeans from the mall's Belk store. The shoplifter shot the officer four times before being fatally wounded himself.
Future.
In a 2010 Arlington vision plan, citizens recognized the Regency Square Mall property as being ripe for redevelopment, with the potential to attract new businesses and consumers. The comprehensive report covered environmental, economic, and quality of life issues in the Greater Arlington region. The groups approach to the mall property was to redevelop the land with transportation and density in mind. The approach would entail mix-used structures, a gridded street pattern, and infill development. Emphasis is put on the vastness of the area and its equitable size to downtown. 
Just as customers shifted from stores in the city center to Regency Mall when it opened in 1967, Regency lost business with the opening of the Avenues Mall in 1990, St. Johns Town Center in 2005, and River City Marketplace in 2006. At the end of 2011, Regency's occupancy rate was just over 74%, but two years later, it had dropped below 38%. Belk began construction of a new store nearby, and customers were told that the store will be moving. In August of 2013, General Growth Properties put the mall up for sale. It was marketed as a "turn key" power center redevelopment opportunity.
In February 2014, a press release announced the sale of Regency Square for $13 million to a pair of businesses from Great Neck, New York: Mason Asset Management and Namdar Realty Group.
Anchors & Major Retailers.
The largest retail space is occupied by Sears with 216,711 sq. ft. Three department stores are similarly sized, with Belk at 188,827 sq. ft., Dillard's Clearance Center in 182,444 sq. ft., and JCPenney occupying 176,019 sq. ft. As of 2012, there was one vacant anchor space of 115,000 sq. ft., originally home to Montgomery Ward and later, Homeworks Furniture. Smaller tenants included Champs Sports/World Foot Locker (37,505 sq. ft.) and Lunar Mini Golf utilizing 24,440 sq. ft.
Sears and Dillards each own their respective store buildings and parking lots, with the remainder belonging to Namdar Realty Group and Mason Asset Management.

</doc>
<doc id="20056153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20056153" title="Aston Cantlow Halt railway station">
Aston Cantlow Halt railway station

Aston Cantlow Halt railway station is a disused railway station half a mile north of the village of Aston Cantlow, Warwickshire, England. The platform was 200 feet long by 8 feet wide and composed of wooden railway sleepers. There was a corrugated iron waiting hut with a wooden bench inside. Although there was no goods yard or sidings the station was lit by lights tended by the station master from Great Alne.
History.
The station, opened in 1922, was located on Great Western Railway's Bearley to Alcester line. Although the line itself was opened many years earlier in 1876 it wasn't until after the First World War that residents demands were met at Aston Cantlow. It stayed part of the GWR following the Grouping of 1923.
The station then closed under this management just before the Second World War due to wartime economy. It was reopened in 1941 but was rarely used and finally closed for good in 1951. After the track was taken up the station site became overgrown and, as of 2010, little or no evidence can be found of the station.

</doc>
<doc id="20056163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20056163" title="Cecilia McDowall">
Cecilia McDowall

Cecilia McDowall is a British composer.
She has been described by the "International Record Review" as having 'a communicative gift that is very rare in modern music' and "Gramophone" has said of her that 'she has an instinctive understanding of the medium allied to the ability to speak directly to the listener wholly without artifice'. Often inspired by extra-musical influences, her writing combines a rhythmic vitality with expressive lyricism 'which is, at times, intensely moving'. She read music at the University of Edinburgh continuing her studies at Trinity College of Music, London, later completing an MMus in composition. She studied with Joseph Horovitz, Robert Saxton and Adam Gorb. She has won many awards and has been four times short-listed for the British Composer Awards.
Her music has been commissioned and performed by leading choirs, including the BBC Singers, ensembles and at major festivals both in Britain and abroad and has been broadcast on BBC Radio and worldwide.
A commission from the Portsmouth Festival Choir, the Shipping Forecast, gained national media attention, in June 2011. The work reflects the mystery and force of the sea, drawing together the poetry of Seán Street, the psalm 'They that go down to the sea in ships', and the words of the shipping forecast itself.
Recent commissions include the Musicians' Benevolent Fund St Cecilia anthem for the service of St Cecilia at St Paul's Cathedral, sung by the joint choirs of Westminster Abbey, Westminster Cathedral and St Paul's Cathedral, and liturgical works for Durham and Liverpool Cathedrals. Future works include commissions from the BBC for Scunthorpe Co-operative Junior Choir, the winner of the BBC Radio 3 2008 Choir of the Year: the Welsh Chamber Orchestra, Jeremy Huw Williams, baritone, David Juritz, violin, conductor, Anthony Hose at the Beaumaris Festival; the Royal Scottish National Orchestra. and Chorus in conjunction with the NE Community Choir for performance in Aberdeen in October, 2011: the City of London Sinfonia (a commission from the Scott Polar research Institute to celebrate the centenary of Scott's death in 1912) which will be performed in the Birmingham Symphony Hall in February, 2012; and in a new work for the 2012 Presteigne festival. The renowned American choir, Phoenix Chorale, have recorded " Three Latin Motets " on the Chandos label (" Spotless Rose: Hymns to the Virgin Mary ").This CD won a Grammy award in February, 2009, and was nominated for Best Classical Album.
In 2010 Oxford University Press signed Cecilia McDowall as an 'Oxford' composer and she is currently 'composer-in-residence' at Dulwich College, London.
Selected Recordings.
Notable recordings of McDowalls music include:

</doc>
<doc id="20056189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20056189" title="Kerem Şeras">
Kerem Şeras

Kerem Şeras (born 1 January 1984 in Ankara, Turkey) is a Turkish football player. He currently plays midfielder for Kasımpaşa S.K. in the Turkcell Super League.

</doc>
<doc id="20056193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20056193" title="Saxon XIV HT">
Saxon XIV HT

The Saxon Class XIV formula_1T locomotives were six-coupled tank engines operated by the Royal Saxon State Railways for mixed duties on main and branch lines. In 1925, the Deutsche Reichsbahn grouped them into their DRG Class 75.5.
History.
As a successor to the four-coupled Saxon Class IV T the Sächsische Maschinenfabrik in Chemnitz developed a six-coupled tank locomotive. This new engine was primarily intended to be used in charge of suburban trains in the big conurbations.
From 1911 to 1921, 106 of these locomotives, built in three series, were placed in service by the Royal Saxon State Railways. At the time of its appearance, the Saxon XIV HT was the heaviest 2-6-2 in central Europe. Not only were these locomotives used to haul suburban services, but in the end they were put in charge of all types of passenger trains on branch and main lines in Saxony's central mountains.
After World War I some of the locomotives had to be handed over to Poland, Belgium and France as reparations in accordance with the terms of the Versailles Treaty. As a result, in 1920, the newly founded Deutsche Reichsbahn could only muster 83 locomotives of this class into its fleet, which they grouped in 1925 into their Class 75.5. 
The locomotives left in Poland later went into the Polish State Railway, PKP, and were given numbers OKl101-01 to 11. The Belgian "État-Belge" gave their four confiscated machines the numbers 9670, 9674, 9676 and 9686. A further eight locomotives ended up in the "Chemins de Fer de l'État" under the numbers 32-916 to 32-923.
After the end of World War II 88 locomotives went into the Deutsche Reichsbahn (GDR) in East Germany. Amongst them were several engines that had been handed over to Poland and France in 1918. In 1968, there were still 25 machines in working condition, but they were retired soon thereafter.
Two locomotives have been preserved: number 75 501 by the German Steam Locomotive Museum at Neuenmarkt-Wirsberg, which was loaned to the Schwarzenberg railway museum in 2002 and number 75 515 by the Saxon Railway Museum in Chemnitz-Hilbersdorf, which was badly damaged in a shunting accident on 14 June 1983 at Karl-Marx-Stadt Hauptbahnhof.
Technical features.
The locomotives had a boiler barrel, made from two shells, as well as two steam domes, which were linked by an internal connecting pipe. The boiler feed was achieved using injectors, but from locomotive number 1856 they were given Knorr feed pumps with a preheater located transversely under the boiler. Later the preheater was positioned on the left hand side next to the chimney on all locomotives, which gave them their characteristic appearance. "Schmidt" superheaters were used.
The steam engine itself comprised a two-cylinder engine with simple steam expansion and Heusinger valve gear. The engine drove the second (middle) coupled axle.
The driving axles were fixed rigidly into the locomotive frame. To improve curve running the wheel flanges of the driving wheels were reduced. The carrying axles were designed as Adams axles and had leaf return springs.
A Westinghouse compressed-air brake was installed as the locomotive brake. The air pump was originally on the left of the smokebox; later it was moved to the right.
Nine cubic metres of water were carried in two side tanks and a well tank located in the frame. The coal bunker was behind the driver's cab.
For branch line duties, all machines were equipped with a steam-operated bell.

</doc>
<doc id="20056199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20056199" title="William Monroe">
William Monroe

William Monroe or Bill Monroe may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20056200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20056200" title="Thomas A. Parker House">
Thomas A. Parker House

The Thomas A. Parker House was built as a private residence located at 975 East Jefferson Avenue in Detroit, Michigan. The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. It is currently the law offices of Macuga, Liddle & Dubin, P.C.
Thomas Parker.
Thomas Augustus Parker was born in New York and came to Detroit with his brother in 1845. The two established a successful wholesale grocery business, enabling Parker to grow wealthy. After his retirement, he invested most of his grocery profits in real estate, and was said to be worth $750,000 in 1895.
History.
Parker bought the land on which this house sits in 1867 and, in 1868, commissioned architect Gordon W. Lloyd to build what is now a rare example of a Gothic Revival house in Detroit. Parker lived in the house until his death in 1901. In the 1920s, the house was leased to the Advertisers Bureau by Parker’s daughter, and in 1928 it was sold. The building was later used as an artist studio, offices and an apartment building. In 1957 it was sold again, and used as offices, a reading room, a hospital record room and four apartments. It was later turned into the law offices of Macuga, Liddle & Dubin, P.C.
Description.
The house is built from Kelly Island grey limestone, with sandstone from Amherst used as trim. The front façade is asymmetric, with three bays. The central bay holds an arched double-door entranceway on the first floor, and above, double French doors leading to a balcony. The side bays have transverse gables, with the east bay containing a first-floor bay window.

</doc>
<doc id="20056231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20056231" title="Romania–Spain relations">
Romania–Spain relations

Romanian-Spanish relations are foreign relations between Romania and Spain. Both countries re-established diplomatic relations on January 5, 1967, 21 years after they were broken. Romania has an embassy in Madrid, 3 general consulates (in Barcelona, Castellon de la Plana and Sevilla) and 2 honorary consulates (in Murcia and Valencia). Spain has an embassy in Bucharest.
Both countries are full members of the Latin Union, of NATO and of the European Union. There are around 864,278 people of Romanian descent living in Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="20056270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20056270" title="Hell und voll">
Hell und voll

Hell und voll ("Bright and Full"), Op. 216, is the name of a waltz composed by Johann Strauss II. The waltz was originally titled "Hell und offen" ("Bright and Open"), but this was later changed to "Hell und voll". The work was first performed at a Medical Students' Ball at the Sofienbad-Saal in Vienna on 25 January 1859.

</doc>
<doc id="20056300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20056300" title="Peter Gärdenfors">
Peter Gärdenfors

Björn Peter Gärdenfors (born September 21, 1949) is a professor of cognitive science at the University of Lund, Sweden. He is a member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Letters, History and Antiquities and recipient of the Gad Rausing Prize (). He received his doctorate from Lund University in 1974; his thesis title was "Group Decision Theory". Internationally, he is one of Sweden's most notable philosophers. In 2009, he was elected a member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences.
His son Simon Gärdenfors is a famous cartoonist and rapper.
External links.
And these lecture videos: 
What is Life? Evolutionary and developmental aspects of intersubjectivity. Talk by Peter Gärdenfors at Karolinska Institutet, February 20, 2008. 
How to Motivate Students? TEDxNorrkoping 

</doc>
<doc id="20056309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20056309" title="Santpoort Noord railway station">
Santpoort Noord railway station

Santpoort Noord is a railway station in Santpoort-Noord, North Holland, the Netherlands. The station opened 27 September 1957. It lies on the Haarlem–Uitgeest railway. The station has 2 long platforms. The station was the beginning of the railway to IJmuiden, which closed on 25 September 1983. The line re-opened between 1996 and 1999, when Lovers Rail operated a service between Amsterdam and IJmuiden.
Train services.
The following services currently call at Sandpoort Noord:

</doc>
<doc id="20056316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20056316" title="Cilindro Municipal">
Cilindro Municipal

Cilindro Municipal (The Municipal Cylinder) was an Indoor arena in Montevideo, Uruguay.
It was opened in 1956 for Industrial Exhibition of the Production of international character.
On October 21, 2010, its roof fell down atop the inside structure because of a fire, the source of which is unknown, severely damaging the seats. Interior Ministry Eduardo Bonomi confirmed it will be demolished.
A work group started doing studies since the middle of December 2010 and, on March 2011, the Intendencia of Montevideo announced that the "Cilindro Municipal" will be substituted by an "Olympic" stadium with a cultural as well as sportive scope of use. Works are expected to start in 2012 and will last for three years.
The arena was the main venue of the 1967 World Basketball Championship, for which it had a seating capacity for 18,000 spectators.
The list of artists that have performed in this arena includes Bob Dylan, Deep Purple, Molotov, Van Halen and Shakira.

</doc>
<doc id="20056345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20056345" title="1983 Caribbean Series">
1983 Caribbean Series

The XXV edition of the Caribbean Series ("Serie del Caribe") was played in . It was held from February 4 through February 5 with the champions teams from Dominican Republic (Tigres del Licey), Mexico (Tomateros de Culiacán), Puerto Rico (Lobos de Arecibo) and Venezuela (Tiburones de La Guaira). The format consisted of 12 games, each team facing the other teams twice. The games were played at Estadio Universitario in Caracas, Venezuela. The series counted with the presence of Bowie Kuhn, by then the Commissioner of Major League Baseball, and the first pitch was thrown by Oscar Prieto, Leones del Caracas majority owner and one of the series brainchild.
Summary.
The Puerto Rico team was piloted by Ron Clark. After being mauled by the Dominicans in the opening, 17-2, Arecibo crushed the Mexicans 9-1 and defeated Venezuela, 7-6, in 11 innings. Later, a strong and solid effort came from Kevin Hagen and Rich Bordi, both pitching complete games, to beat Mexico and the Dominican Republic. By beating Venezuela and Mexico in their last two games, the Lobos ended with a 5-1 mark in way to win one of the most celebrated victories in Puerto Rican baseball history. Outfielder Glenn Walker was selected as Most Valuable Player and was chosen for the All-Star Team along Candy Maldonado and Dickie Thon. Other significant members of the roster included pitchers John Hobbs, Gary Lance and Edwin Núñez; catcher Orlando Mercado; infielders Ramón Avilés, Onix Concepción and Wayne Tolleson, as well as utilities Henry Cruz, Carmelo Martínez and Ken Phelps.
Venezuela, managed by Ozzie Virgil, finished in second place with a 4-2 record and also had the only shutout in the Series, by Rick Anderson, who limited the Mexicans to five hits while striking out nine. Second baseman Derrel Thomas paced the Tiburones offense, hitting .476 (10-for-21) to win the batting title and slugged .714. Other contributions came from right fielder Tony Armas (.269 BA, 3 HR, 6 RBI, .654 SLG), first baseman Ron Jackson (.360, 2 HR, 6 RBI, .680 SLG) and reliever Luis Aponte (1-0, one save, six SO in 6.0 innings of work). Other roster members included pitchers Bryan Clark, Luis Leal, Luis Sánchez, Albert Williams and Matt Young; catchers Bruce Bochy and Baudilio (Bo) Díaz; infielders Dave Concepción and Leo Hernández; outfielders Robert Marcano and Luis Salazar, and utilities Ozzie Guillén, Argenis Salazar and Manny Trillo.
Dominican Republic, guided by Manny Mota, finished 3-3 and had to conform with a modest third place. The most prominent players were catcher Luis Pujols, third baseman Howard Johnson and outfielder César Gerónimo, who were included in the All-Star Team. Meanwhile, pitchers Alejandro Peña, Cliff Speck and David Grier got the victories. The Licey team also featured players as Steve Baker (P), Tony Fernández (SS), Alfredo Griffin (2B), Pedro Guerrero (1B), Mike Howard (IF/OF), Rafael Landestoy (OF), Ted Martínez (IF), Orlando Peña (P) and Rafael Santana (IF).
Tomateros de Culiacán, led by catcher/manager Francisco Estrada, presented an All-Mexican squad which included local legends as Cy Acosta (P), Salomé Barojas (P), Nelson Barrera (1B), Bobby Cuellar (P), Maximino León (P), Aurelio López (3B), Mario Mendoza (SS), Vicente Romo (P) and Jesús Sommers (DH). But the opportune hitting and strong defense were lessened by below average running speed and poor bullpen support. Mexico finished with a 0-6 record, to become the second winless team in Series history. 
<br>
<br>
External links.
 

</doc>
<doc id="20056363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20056363" title="Avant (album)">
Avant (album)

Avant is the self-titled fifth studio album from Avant.(December 9th was the release date for Private Room.) It was released on December 9, 2008. Its first single, "When It Hurts," reached #91 on the Billboard Hot 100 and #15 on the US R&B/Hip-Hop charts. The second single is "Break Ya Back (In a Good Way)". The album was also his first release on Capitol Records. The entire album leaked to the Internet on December 5, 2008. The album sold 93,929 copies to date.

</doc>
<doc id="20056372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20056372" title="Arbitration Roundtable of Toronto">
Arbitration Roundtable of Toronto

The Arbitration Roundtable of Toronto is made up of several litigators, academics, arbitrators, and mediators from the Greater Toronto Area. The group promotes arbitration as an alternative method of conflict resolution over litigation, especially in commercial suits. Members include commercial litigators from Toronto law firms including some of the Seven Sisters of Bay Street. Each member has experience and interest in promoting commercial Arbitration. The group dedicates its time to encouraging this form of Dispute resolution through seminars, papers, and talks.
History.
Founded in summer 2004 when John Judge and William G. Horton talked about bringing several prominent ADR Chambers members together after noticing how well suited to arbitration Toronto representatives were during an ICC arbitration with counsel from Canada, France, Germany, and the United States.
Arbitration.
Arbitration focuses on resolving conflicts outside of courthouse litigation. Parties defer to one or more mutually acceptable arbitrators who will come to the final decision. This mode of resolution has often been related to Alternative dispute resolution. In Canada groups and persons interested in or promoting ADR work with the ADR Institute of Canada, Inc.
Associations.
Members of "The Arbitration Roundtable of Toronto" are associated with international groups promoting arbitration including ADR Chambers, The International Centre for Dispute Resolution, The British Columbia International Commercial Arbitration Center, The London Court of International Arbitration, The Institute for Transnational Arbitration, the CPR International Institute for Conflict Prevention and Resolution, The Centre for Effective Dispute Resolution, and the Ministry of the Attorney General's Toronto Local Mediation Committee.
Members.
Members of the Roundtable belong to several major law firms, educational institutions, and private practices located in the Toronto area as well as abroad.
Brian Casey.
Brian Casey is the Managing Partner at Baker & McKenzie LLP. His areas of practice include International arbitration, Domestic Arbitration, Commercial Litigation, Intellectual Property, Competition Law, Banking and Finance Litigation, and Professional negligence. Associations include ADR Chambers, The Advocates' Society, the Canadian Bar Association, the Chartered Institute of Arbitrators, the International Bar Association, and the Law Society of Upper Canada.
Casey has a BS in Engineering from Carleton University as well as a LL.B from the University of Ottawa and a LL.M from York University in International Business Law.
The Lexpert/American Lawyer Guide to the leading 500 lawyers in Canada lists Brian Casey under international commercial arbitration and commercial litigation.
William G. Horton.
William G. Horton practices as independent counsel working with a variety of top law firms in Toronto His areas of practice include business and corporate disputes, class action, competition offences, defamation, directors and officers liability, fiduciary duty and good faith obligations, fraud, injunctive remedies, insurance and reinsurance disputes, international banking disputes, lender liability, litigation arising from major insolvencies and reorganizations, professional liability, and shareholder disputes.
Horton has a Bachelor of Laws from Osgoode Hall Law School, and a BA from Victoria University in the University of Toronto. Associations include ADR Chambers, the ADR Institute of Canada, the Advocates' Society, the American Bar Association, the British Columbia International Commercial Arbitration Centre, the Canadian Bar Association, the Chartered Institute of Arbitrators, the China International Economic Trade and Arbitration Commission, the International Chamber of Commerce, the ICDR, the International Bar Association, the International Law Association, the Law Society of Upper Canada, the NAFTA 2022 Committee, the Ontario Bar Association, Osgoode Hall Law School, and Vis Moot.
Best Lawyers in Canada 2009 recognized Horton for Alternative Dispute Resolution, Corporate & Commercial Litigation, Directors & Officer Liability, and International Arbitration. He is also listed in the 2008 Lexpert Directory, the 2008 Lexpert/American Lawyer Guide to the Leading 500 Lawyers in Canada, Lexpert 2007: Leading US/Canada Cross Border Litigation Lawyers in Canada, The International Who’s Who of Business Lawyers 2007, Chambers Global: The World’s Leading Lawyers for Business 2006 and 2007, The Canadian Legal Lexpert Directory 2006, Legal Media Group’s The Best of the Best 2006, and PLC Which Lawyer? Yearbook 2006.
John Judge.
John Judge is a senior partner at Stikeman Elliott LLP practicing both corporate and commercial law and specializing in banking and insolvency disputes, insolvency matters, insurance and reinsurance claims, partnership and shareholder disputes, product liability, professional negligence, real estate and complex construction litigation, sale of goods, and share/asset acquisitions as well as technological disputes and trademark law Aside from his corporate and commercial work, Judge has also served as counsel in several cases regarding human rights for the Ontario Human Rights Commission and has worked on many international arbitrations through the International Chamber of Commerce in Paris.
Judge earned his BA from the University of Toronto in 1972 and his LL.B from the same school in 1975 before gaining bar admission in 1977. He is a member and past director of the Advocates' Society, American Bar Association, Arbitration Committee of the Canadian Chamber of Commerce, Canadian Bar Association, Chartered Institute of Arbitrators (MCI Arb.), Computer Law Association, Information and Technology Law Association, Institute for Transnational Arbitration in Dallas, International Bar Association, London Court of International Arbitration, an instructor at the Osgoode Hall Intensive Trial Advocacy Program, and Director of the Sopinka Cup Society.
Barry Leon.
Barry Leon is a partner in the International Arbitration Group at Perley-Robertson, Hill & McDougall LLP. He has more than 30 years of experience as counsel, acting on many complex and significant cases for a wide variety of clients and involving many different industries. His industry experience includes financial services, natural resources and energy, technology and intellectual property, manufacturing, construction and projects, and consumer products.
He has been recognized several times as one of the leading lawyers in Toronto, specifically in Woodward White’s Best Lawyers in Canada 2006, Lexpert/Thomson Canada’s Canadian Legal Lexpert Directory 2006, Legal Media Group’s Guide to the World’s Leading Litigation Lawyers 2005, and “The Experts: Update on Cross-Border Litigation” in Canadian Lawyer in May 2005. Leon received his LL.B from the University of Toronto and his M.B.A from the Richard Ivey School of Business at the University of Western Ontario.
In 2011, Leon was elected chair of the arbitration committee of the Canadian Chamber of Commerce, the Canadian branch of the International Chamber of Commerce. In 2012, Leon joined Arbitration Place, a hearing centre that hosts and facilitates international and domestic arbitrations.
David McCutcheon.
David McCutcheon is a Partner at Fraser Milner Casgrain LLP in Toronto practicing commercial ADR, corporate commercial litigation, administrative law, real estate and construction law, and environmental counsel.
He serves as a member of the National Partnership Board and the Ontario Office Management Board. In addition he is a Fellow and Past President of the ADR Institute of Canada Inc., Past President of the ADR Institute of Ontario, Past Vice-President of the ADR Institute of Canada and chair of the Rules Committee, an Arbitration Panel Member for the ADR Institute of Canada and ADR Institute of Ontario, Chartered Arbitrator on the roster of the ADR Institute of Canada Inc. and the BCICAC, and a Member of the ICC Arbitration Panel.
Graeme Mew.
Graeme Mew is a Managing Partner at Nicholl Paskell-Mede in Toronto. His practice includes all levels of advocacy in England, Wales, and Ontario for business disputes, civil and commercial litigation, contract and tort law, insurance law, liability of directors and officers, private international law, professional liability, public law, and sports law. As a dual citizen of Britain and Canada he works as a Barrister in England and Wales and a Barrister and Solicitor in Ontario as well as a Mediator and Arbitrator.
Mew has his B.A. in law from Kingston University and was called to the Bar of England and Wales in 1982. He received his LL.B. from the University of Windsor in Ontario in 1986 and was on the Dean's Honour Roll. He was called to the Ontario Bar and admitted as a solicitor in Ontario in 1987 before being admitted "pro hac vice" by the District Court of the US Virgin Islands in 2003.
Graeme Mew's memberships include The Advocates’ Society, the Arbitration and Mediation Institute of Ontario, the Australian and New Zealand Sports Law Association, the Canadian Bar Association, the Centre for Effective Dispute Resolution as a CEDR Accredited Mediator, the Chartered Institute of Arbitrators, the Commonwealth Lawyers Association, the Federation of Defense and Corporate Counsel (US), the Honourable Society of the Middle Temple, the International Academy of Sportslaw Practitioners and Executives, the International Bar Association, the Law Society of Upper Canada, the Medico-Legal Society of Toronto, the Metropolitan Toronto Lawyers' Association, and the Sports Lawyers Association (US). Graeme Mew is a subscriber of the American Arbitration Association and a Member Arbitrator at Arbitration Place, a hearing centre that hosts and facilitates international and domestic arbitrations.
Randy Pepper.
Randy Pepper, formerly a Partner at Osler, Hoskin & Harcourt LLP in Toronto now works out of ADR Chambers. His practice focuses on corporate commercial litigation, specifically arbitration, competition and shareholder rights, defamation, internet liability, and product liability class actions. He works in both international and domestic arbitration decisions and served as Chair of Osler’s International Commercial Arbitration/ADR Group.
Pepper was called to the Ontario Bar in 1983, became a Solicitor in the Supreme Court of England and Wales in 1987, and the High Court of Hong Kong in 1987. He is a member of many associations including the ADR Institute of Ontario and ADR Institute of Canada, for both of which he serves on the Board, as well as the Arbitration Committee of the Canadian Chamber of Commerce, the CPR Institute for Dispute Resolution, and the ADR Institute of Ontario. He received his L.L.M. in arbitration and mediation from LSE.
Joel Richler.
Joel Richler is a partner at the Toronto office of Blake, Cassels & Graydon LLP in Toronto. His practice includes having tried, arbitrated, and mediated cases in construction, contract disputes, procurement, product liability, securities, shareholders' rights, and technology and software.
The Canadian Legal Lexpert Directory has recognized Joel Richler for several years as a leading practitioner in corporate commercial litigation, construction law, securities litigation, directors’ and officers’ litigation and professional liability law. The Best Lawyers in Canada 2008 has cited him for his work in corporate and commercial litigation, directors and officers liability, legal malpractice law and construction law. Richler possesses an AV rating in Martindale-Hubbell and Chambers Global: The World's Leading Lawyers for Business have ranked him since 2005.
Donald E. Short.
Donald Short is a Partner at Fasken Martineau DuMoulin LLP in Toronto and chairs the firm's Toronto Construction Law Group Certified by the Law Society as a Specialist in Civil Litigation, his practice focuses on commercial and construction litigation, insolvency matters, and alternative dispute resolution. Recognitions of his work in arbitration include being listed in the Euromoney Guide to the world’s leading experts in arbitration, as well as listings from Lexpert and The Best Lawyers in Canada. In 1999 he received the Award for Distinguished Service and in 2001 the Award for Excellence in Alternative Dispute Resolution from the Canadian Bar Association Ontario.
Short has a B.A. in Political Science from the University of Toronto, his LL.B., also from the University of Toronto, his LL.M. from Osgoode Hall, and in 2003 earned his F.C.I.Arb. from The Chartered Institute of Arbitrators. He is a current member of the Civil Bench and Bar Committee, Toronto Region; the Commercial List Users’ Committee, Ontario Superior Court of Justice; the Continuing Legal Education Committee, OBA; the National Council of Canadian Bar Association; the Provincial Council of Ontario Branch of the CBA; The Advocates’ Society ADR Committee; the Toronto Local Mediation Committee (appointed by Attorney General); and the Toronto Region Case Management Steering Committee.
Janet Walker.
Janet Walker is a Full Professor and former Associate Dean at Osgoode Hall Law School, York University. She currently serves as an Advisor to the Federal Court and Federal Court of Appeal Rules Committee as well as on the Canadian Panel of Arbitrators, International Chamber of Commerce; the IBA Task Force on International Procedures and Protocols for Collective Redress; the Working Group on Protocols for Parallel Class Actions, Litigation Section of the ABA; and the ILA Committee on International Litigation and the Interests of the Public: International Aspects of Group Actions.
Walker works frequently as an Expert Witness for laws of jurisdiction, forum non conveniens, the recognition and enforcement of judgments and application of foreign law. She also serves as counsel to members of the profession in the public and private sectors in Canada, the United States and Australia.
Associations Janet Walker is a member of include the American Arbitration Association, the American Law Institute, the American Society of International Law, the Arbitralwomen, the Arbitration Roundtable of Toronto, the Canadian Bar Association, the Canadian Association of Law Teachers, the Canadian Council on International Law, the Chartered Institute of Arbitrators, the International Association of Procedural Law, the International Bar Association, the International Chamber of Commerce, the International Law Association, the Law Society of Upper Canada, the London Court of International Arbitration, the Osgoode Society, The Advocates’ Society, and the Young Canadian Arbitration Practitioners. In 2012, Janet Walker joined Arbitration Place, an internationally-affiliated arbitration facility and legal centre.
In 2002 Walker was awarded the Queen’s Golden Jubilee Medal for her continuing service in the Canadian Forces Primary Reserve. She has her B.A and M.A. from York University, her LL.B. from Osgoode Hall Law School, and her DPhil from Oxford University.
Robert Wisner.
Robert Wisner is a Partner in the Litigation and Dispute Resolution group of Toronto. His practice is centred on international arbitration and litigation, foreign investment protection and international trade. Called to the Bar in 1996, he received his LL.B. from the University of Toronto in 1994, his M.A. from Queen's University in 1990, and his B.Soc.Sci. from the University of Ottawa in 1989.
His previous work includes cases before international arbitral tribunals, NAFTA and international commercial contracts, as well as advocacy work, foreign investment protection, market access, government procurement, economic sanctions, political risk insurance, anti-bribery and other international treaty issues. Previously, Wisner was an economist in Canada’s Department of International Trade Investment Policy Division.

</doc>
<doc id="20056386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20056386" title="Claudio Marangoni">
Claudio Marangoni

Claudio Oscar Marangoni (born 17 November 1954 in Rosario) is a former Argentine footballer who played club football in Argentina and England and played for the Argentina national team.
Marangoni started his playing career in 1974 with Chacarita Juniors he then joined San Lorenzo de Almagro in 1976. 
In 1979 he joined Sunderland A.F.C. of England where he failed to settle, his contract was terminated in 1980 and he returned to Argentina. 
Marangoni played one season for Huracán before joining Club Atlético Independiente in 1982. He won three major titles with the club, the 1983 Metropolitano followed by the Copa Libertadores and Copa Intercontinental in 1984.
In 1988 he left Independiente to join Boca Juniors where he wom a further two international tournaments, the Supercopa Sudamericana 1989 and the Recopa Sudamericana 1990.
Upon retirement, Marangoni start Escuela Modelo de Futbol y Deportes, the first-ever professional soccer schools and sports clinics for Argentina’s youth.
The schools serve children from age 3-13 and are franchised throughout the country, serving public and private schools, community centers, country clubs and businesses. Integral to the company’s model is free tuition for underprivileged children. Since selection, he expanded his training schools to Chile and Spain.
His work was recognized by Endeavor (non-profit) and he was selected as an Endeavor Entrepreneur in 1999. Endeavor is a global non-profit that selects and supports High-Impact Entrepreneurship in emerging markets.

</doc>
<doc id="20056390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20056390" title="Los Angeles &amp; San Gabriel Rivers Watershed Council">
Los Angeles &amp; San Gabriel Rivers Watershed Council

The Council for Watershed Health, until recently named the Los Angeles & San Gabriel Rivers Watershed Council, regards the Los Angeles River, San Gabriel River, and their tributaries and watersheds. It was founded in 1996 with the objective of bringing together representatives from: all of the water agencies (supply, groundwater, stormwater, water quality, and wastewater); government regulatory agencies (federal to local); citizen groups (community and environmental); and businesses (responsible—interested parties); in the Los Angeles Basin watershed.
Purpose.
The vision of the Watershed Council is that of a sustainable Los Angeles, that works within its climate, land and water, and cultural heritages. Its programs and projects include supporting education and information resources, and promotion of coordination, construction and restoration, and polices, for: improved water quality and water supply, regional water resource management, and the enhancement of communities and natural areas along the rivers and in their watersheds.
These issues are addressed through a collaborative stakeholder approach that works to preserve, restore, and enhance the economic, social, and ecological health of the Los Angeles River and San Gabriel River Watersheds through education, research, and planning. 
The Watershed Council’s programs are focused in four major areas: improving water quality; increasing water supplies through sustainable landscapes, and stormwater reuse; facilitating integrated planning and management, and educating decision-makers about water issues.
Organization.
Board.
The Watershed Council's Board consists of individuals representing state, regional, and local government; business; landowners (state conservancies); water and wastewater agencies; and non-profit community and environmental organizations. The board includes: the Metropolitan Water District of Southern California, Southern California Edison, the Southern California Building Industry Association, TreePeople, the Santa Monica Mountains Conservancy, the County of Los Angeles, the Cities of Los Angeles and Long Beach, and the Rivers and Mountains Conservancy.
Funding.
Major sources of funding for the Watershed Council include the Metropolitan Water District of Southern California, County of Los Angeles Flood Control District, City of Los Angeles Bureau of Sanitation, Sanitation Districts of Los Angeles County, United States Bureau of Reclamation, California Department of Conservation, California Department of Water Resources, Rivers and Mountains Conservancy, the California Coastal Conservancy, and the Annenberg Foundation.
Methods.
The Watershed Council's programs and projects are built upon three key strategies outlined in the Watershed Council’s Strategic Plan:
Education and outreach.
The Watershed Council works to influence policy change by providing leadership and promoting understanding and awareness of the importance of a watershed approach to resource management issues among policy-makers in government, business, and community organizations.
Research and monitoring.
The Watershed Council informs and improves watershed protection, restoration, and revitalization through sound science and research-based monitoring.
Integrated planning and management.
The Watershed Council provides leadership, guidance, and assistance, working with other agencies and organizations, to affect sound watershed assessment, planning, and management.

</doc>
<doc id="20056391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20056391" title="Zhang Yanshang">
Zhang Yanshang

Zhang Yanshang (張延賞) (727 – September 7, 787), né Zhang Baofu (張寶符), was an official of the Chinese dynasty, serving as a chancellor during the reign of Emperor Dezong.
Background.
Zhang Baofu was born in 727, during the reign of Emperor Xuanzong. His family traced its ancestry to the Jin Dynasty official Zhang Hua. His father Zhang Jiazhen had previously been a chancellor under Emperor Xuanzong, and continued to serve in prominent positions after his removal in 723. Zhang Jiazhen died in 729, however, when Zhang Baofu was only two years old. Near the end of Emperor Xuanzong's "Kaiyuan" era (713-741), the mayor of Jingzhao Municipality (京兆, i.e., the region of the Tang capital Chang'an), Han Chaozong (韓朝宗), who had previously been recommended by Zhang Jiazhen, stated to Emperor Xuanzong:
Emperor Xuanzong, hearing this, was saddened, and he summoned Zhang Baofu and made him an army officer. Emperor Xuanzong also gave him a new name — Yanshang, meaning "extended favor." It was said that Zhang Yanshang was well-versed in the Confucian classics and histories, and he also became known for administrative talent. The official Miao Jinqing, who later served as a chancellor as well, was impressed with his talent, and gave him a daughter in marriage.
During Emperor Suzong's reign.
During the Anshi Rebellion, Emperor Xuanzong's son and successor Emperor Suzong was, for some time, at Fengxiang (鳳翔, in modern Baoji, Shaanxi), and while there, he made Zhang Yanshang an imperial censor, initially with the rank "Jiancha Yushi" (監察御史), then as "Dianzhong Shiyushi" (殿中侍御史). Thereafter, the general Wang Sili (王思禮), who then carried the title of military governor ("Jiedushi") of Guanzhong Circuit, requested to have Zhang serve as his assistant, and when Wang was later made the military governor of Hedong Circuit (河東, headquartered in modern Taiyuan, Shanxi), Zhang served as the deputy mayor of Taiyuan Municipality under Wang. He was later recalled to Chang'an to serve as a low-level official at the ministry of justice (刑部, "Xingbu").
During Emperor Daizong's reign.
After Emperor Suzong died in 762 and was succeeded by his son Emperor Daizong, the chancellor Yuan Zai became a dominant figure at court. As Yuan had been recommended by Miao Jinqing, he treated Zhang Yanshang, as Miao's son-in-law, with kindness. When Emperor Daizong was forced to flee to Shan Prefecture (陝州, in modern Sanmenxia, Henan) in 763, at Yuan's recommendation, Emperor Daizong made Zhang an imperial attendant (給事中, "Geishizhong"). Soon thereafter, he became deputy chief imperial censor (御史中丞, "Yushi Zhongcheng") and "Zhongshu Sheren" (中書舍人), a mid-level official at the legislative bureau of government (中書省, "Zhongshu Sheng").
In 767, Zhang was made the mayor of Henan Municipality (河南, i.e., the region of the eastern capital Luoyang). During the Anshi Rebellion, Luoyang suffered greatly from the wars, and much of it was in ruins. It was said that Zhang was diligent and hardworking, and he ruled simply. He also reopened the canals and rebuilt the palaces and imperial temples. Within several years, refugees returned, and Luoyang returned to prosperity. Emperor Daizong thus praised him in an edict. In 770, when the office of deputy supreme commander of the Henan, Huaixi (淮西, headquartered in modern Zhumadian, Henan), and Shannan (i.e., the region south of the Qinling Mountains) Regions was abolished, the troops formerly attached to that office were transferred to Zhang. Subsequently, Zhang was recalled to Chang'an to serve as chief imperial censor (御史大夫, "Yushi Daifu"). While he was serving in that role, there was an occasion when the junior official Li Shaoliang (李少良) submitted a number of accusations against Yuan, and Yuan's associates in turn accused Li of false accusations and had him arrested and detained at the office of the imperial censors. Zhang disapproved of the action and did not want to be involved, and he was sent to Huainan Circuit (淮南, headquartered in modern Yangzhou, Jiangsu) to serve as its military governor as well as the prefect of its capital Yang Prefecture (揚州). At that time, there was a drought in the circuit, and a large number of the people were trying to depart for other regions. Zhang's subordinates detained them, but Zhang, pointing out that the people should be given the opportunity to survive the drought, allowed them to leave and, in their absence, kept their houses maintained and exempted them from taxes. As a result, many returned thereafter. He later left governmental service when his mother died, to observe a period of mourning for her. After the mourning period was over, he was recalled to serve as the military governor of Jingnan Circuit (荊南, headquartered in modern Jingzhou, Hubei), as well as the mayor of its capital, Jiangling Municipality.
During Emperor Dezong's reign.
Emperor Daizong died in 779 and was succeeded by his son Emperor Dezong. Later that year, Emperor Dezong made Zhang Yanshang the military governor of Xichuan Circuit (西川, headquartered in modern Chengdu, Sichuan) and the mayor of its capital Chengdu Municipality. During this time, when Xichuan was under attack by Tufan and Nanzhao forces, and imperial forces, commanded by Li Sheng and Qu Huan (曲環) were in Xichuan to aid Xichuan forces; they were ultimately able to repel Tufan and Nanzhao attacks. (At the end of the campaign, however, there was a serious dispute between Zhang and Li Sheng — Li Sheng had, after the campaign, taken the military prostitute Gao Hong (高洪) with him. Zhang, angry with this, sent messengers to chase after Li Sheng's army to demand Gao back, thus causing a grudge between Li Sheng and Zhang.) In 783, there was a mutiny by his subordinate Zhang Ku (張朏), who had been posted in the mountains in the west of Chengdu in defense against Tufan. Zhang Ku attacked Chengdu, forcing Zhang Yanshang to flee to Han Prefecture (漢州, in modern Deyang, Sichuan). It was only after another subordinate of Zhang Yanshang's, Chigan Sui (叱干遂), attacked and killed Zhang Ku, that Zhang Yanshang was able to return to Chengdu. It was said that Zhang followed the law and ruled the circuit leniently, allowing the people of the circuit to recover from the wars that had ravaged the circuit ever since Anshi Rebellion.
At that time, Emperor Dezong was faced with a rebellion by the general Zhu Ci and was forced to flee Chang'an. During the times that he was at Fengtian (奉天, in modern Xianyang, Shaanxi) and then at Liang Prefecture (梁州, in modern Hanzhong, Shaanxi), until he was able to return to Chang'an after Zhu was defeated by the general Li Sheng in fall 784, Emperor Dezong relied on supplies from Xichuan Circuit, and in summer 784, he gave Zhang the honorary chancellor designation of "Tong Zhongshu Menxia Pingzhangshi" (同中書門下平章事). In 785, when the chancellor Liu Congyi was seriously ill (and Liu would die later in the year), Emperor Dezong thus recalled Zhang to Chang'an, intending to make him an actual chancellor. Li Sheng, still displeased with Zhang, submitted a petition accusing Zhang of a number of crimes, and Emperor Dezong, not willing to go against Li's wishes, for the time being only made Zhang "Zuo Pushe" (左僕射), one of the heads of the executive bureau (尚書省, "Shangshu Sheng").
By 786, however, Zhang was beginning to gain the upper hand against Li in their struggle, as Li's son-in-law Zhang Yu (張彧), displeased that Li had held a grander ceremony and given more dowry when marrying another daughter to Cui Shu (崔樞) than when marrying Zhang Yu's wife to him, became an associate of Zhang's, as did another subordinate of Li's, Zheng Yunkui (鄭雲逵). Emperor Dezong also had been suspicious of Li due to his longtime hold on the loyalty of the army, as well as various rumors fostered by Tufan agents that Li was planning treason. Li, hearing that Emperor Dezong was suspecting him, offered to resign his post as military governor of Fengxiang Circuit (鳳翔, headquartered in modern Baoji, Shaanxi), in winter 786 when he was Chang'an. Emperor Dezong declined, and instead requested the intervention of the chancellor Han Huang, who was friendly with LI. Han and the general Liu Xuanzuo (劉玄佐), the military governor of Xuanwu Circuit (宣武, headquartered in modern Kaifeng, Henan), therefore, held a feast for Zhang and Li, hoping to dissolve their enmity. Both agreed, and Li further tried to dissolve Zhang's resentment by endorsing him as chancellor. In spring 787, Emperor Dezong, accordingly, made Zhang a chancellor. However, while Zhang agreed to dissolve his resentment, the resentment persisted, and when Li requested that Zhang give a daughter to one of his sons in marriage, Zhang refused, causing Li to comment:
Later in 787, Zhang, in conflict with his chancellor colleague Qi Ying, who had already offended Emperor Dezong by his honest words, and Zhang opined to Emperor Dezong that Qi did not have the talent to be a chancellor. Emperor Dezong demoted Qi to be a prefectural prefect.
Around the same time, Han died, and both Zhang and the general Ma Sui, who also had a grudge against Li, advocated for peace for Tufan, which Li had opposed. Emperor Dezong, who personally favored an alliance with Tufan against Huige, used Li's opposition against the Tufan alliance to remove Li from his post at Fengxiang. Zhang recommended Zheng, but Emperor Dezong allowed Li to recommend his successor; Li recommended his officer Xing Junya (邢君牙). Emperor Dezong recalled Li to Chang'an to serve as "Zhongshu Ling" and "Taiwei" (太尉, one of the Three Excellencies) and relieved him of all of his military duties. It was said that once Li returned to Chang'an, despite the suspicions that he was under, he nevertheless spoke honestly whenever he had opinions about the matters of state. In light of Zhang's involvement in Li's command being lifted, subsequently, when Zhang wanted Li Baozhen the military governor of Zhaoyi Circuit (昭義, headquartered in modern Changzhi, Shanxi), and then Liu, to serve as the new commander of defense forces on the borders with Tufan, both Li Baozhen and Liu declined. Meanwhile, Zhang also drew resentment from other officials when he made major cuts into the ranks of prefectural and county officials — eliminating about 1,000 positions — hoping to use the savings in reduced salaries for military purposes, despite objections from Ma, Wei Lun (韋倫), and Bai Zhizhen (白志貞).
By summer 787, Emperor Dezong and Tufan's chancellor Shang Jiezan (尚結贊) had negotiated a peace treaty, and the general Hun Zhen, as Emperor Dezong's emissary, was set to meet with Shang at Pingliangchuan (平涼川, in modern Pingliang, Gansu). Li Sheng, fearing Tufan treachery, instructed Hun to be careful, but Zhang, hearing this, accused Li Sheng of interfering with the peace with Tufan. Emperor Dezong thus instructed Hun to be relaxes, not to aggravate Tufan in any way. On July 8, 787, at the meeting site, Shang laid a trap for Hun and launched a sudden attack, killing and capturing many of Hun's attendants, but Hun escaped. When the news reached Chang'an, Emperor Dezong was so panicked that he considered fleeing Chang'an, but remained due to Li Sheng's advice. As a result of this debacle, Zhang claimed an illness and retired, while Emperor Dezong recalled Ma to the capital and stripped him of his command. Subsequently, the reduction in officer ranks was reversed under advice of another chancellor, Li Mi.
Meanwhile, Zhang's rivalry with another official — Li Shuming (李叔明) the military governor of Dongchuan Circuit (東川, headquartered in modern Mianyang, Sichuan) — which formed when they governed neighboring circuits, led Zhang to carry out some additional actions intended to bring down Li Shuming. At that time, Li Shuming's son Li Shēng (李昇, note different tone and character than the great general) was repeatedly seen visiting Emperor Dezong's aunt Princess Gao, whose daughter was the wife and crown princess of Emperor Dezong's son and crown prince Li Song. He informed this to Emperor Dezong, intimating that Li Shēng was having an affair with Princess Gao. When Emperor Dezong asked Li Mi to investigate this, however, Li Mi correctly guessed that it was Zhang who informed Emperor Dezong of this and suggested no investigation, pointing out that Zhang's accusations also appeared to be intended to endanger Li Song. Emperor Dezong agreed, and thereafter moved Li Shēng to the position of head of Li Song's household, away from Princess Gao.
Zhang died in winter 787 and was given posthumous honors. He was also given the posthumous name of Chengsu (成肅, meaning "successful and solemn"). His son Zhang Hongjing later served as a chancellor during the reign of Emperor Dezong's grandson Emperor Xianzong.
Ouyang Xiu, the lead editor of the "New Book of Tang", commented thus about Zhang:

</doc>
<doc id="20056445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20056445" title="Ruth Waithera">
Ruth Waithera

Ruth Waithera Nganga (born August 17, 1958) is a retired sprinter from Kenya. 
Waithera won bronze over 200 metres at the 1978 All-Africa games and 1979 African Championships. Waithera won twice three sprint events (100, 200 and 400 meters) at the East and Central African Championships; in 1977 and 1979.
She competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics, finishing 8th in 400 metres race and reaching 200 metres semifinals. She became the first African woman to reach 400 metres Olympic final. At the time she was studying at the University Of Arizona and she won NCAA Division I Women's Indoor Championship in 400 metres in 1984. At the 2004 Kenyan championships she won three individual gold medals; 100, 200 and 400 metres.
Waithera still holds the Women's 400 metres Kenyan record, 51.56, set in 1984. In 2008 Elizabeth Muthuka broke the record, but tested positive for doping. Thus Waithera's record remains in force. As of 2008, Waithera remains also the latest Kenyan woman to compete 400 metres at the Olympics. Waithera is a former African record holder over 400 metres.
Waithera is from Shamata village. She was a member of the Kenya Air Force. She established the Avenue Sports Club in 1998 to give orphan children an opportunity to have a career in athletics. In 1990 She was awarded a membership of the Arizona Sports Hall of Fame 
She is not to be confused with a Kenyan steeplechase runner, born in 1990, who is also named Ruth Waithera.

</doc>
<doc id="20056487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20056487" title="Santpoort Zuid railway station">
Santpoort Zuid railway station

Santpoort Zuid is a railway station in Santpoort-Zuid, North Holland, the Netherlands. The station opened 1 May 1867. It lies on the Haarlem–Uitgeest railway. The station has 2 platforms.
Train services.
The following services currently call at Sandpoort Zuid:

</doc>
<doc id="20056497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20056497" title="Iranians in Spain">
Iranians in Spain

Iranians in Spain do not form a very large population, but they have a history going back for over a millennium. They are a part of the Iranian diaspora.
Migration history.
Razi wrote in the 10th century that some Iranians had already settled in Spain, and Ibn Battuta later claimed the Iranians of Spain preferred to live in Granada because of its similarity to their homeland. However, the impetus for modern Iranian immigration to Spain came largely from the 1979 Iranian Revolution, as a result of which some Iranians came to Spain as political refugees.
Demography.
A 1992 survey found that 31.7% worked in administrative jobs, 18.2% were professionals or technicians, 25.7% worked in trade, and another 11% worked in agriculture. The vast majority were between 25–54 years of age, and only one-fifth were women. This is actually a relatively large proportion of women compared to other Muslim migrant communities in Spain, which may be attributed to the fact that most Iranians in Spain are political, rather than economic migrants.

</doc>
<doc id="20056521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20056521" title="Jack Streidl">
Jack Streidl

Jack Streidl (December 7, 1918 – April 16, 2012) was a high school teacher and athletics coach at Plainwell High School in Plainwell, Michigan from 1945 until his retirement in 1985. He was best known for his abilities as a football coach and he was the first to log 200 victories while coaching at one high school. In 1980 he was inducted into the Western Michigan University Athletic Hall of Fame. In 1987 the Michigan High School Athletic Association conferred on him the Charles E. Forsythe Award, which is given for "outstanding contributions to the interscholastic athletics community." In 2004 he was inducted into the National High School Athletics Coaches Association Hall of Fame. In 1975 the football field at Plainwell High School was first dedicated as Streidl Field in his honor. On October 24, 2008 the football field at Plainwell High School was rededicated as Streidl Field in his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="20056552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20056552" title="Sannicandro">
Sannicandro

Sannicandro is the name of two towns in the south-east Italian region of Apulia, and of the municipalities named after them:

</doc>
<doc id="20056560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20056560" title="Cape Bexley">
Cape Bexley

Cape Bexley is a headland in the northern Canadian territory of Nunavut. It is located on the mainland, on the south shore of Dolphin and Union Strait, and bounded on the south by Souths Bay.
It is the ancestral home of the Akuliakattagmiut, a Copper Inuit subgroup. Haneragmiut camped here, too, and Nagyuktogmiut were visitors.

</doc>
<doc id="20056567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20056567" title="Casey Parsons">
Casey Parsons

Casey Robert Parsons is a former Major League Baseball outfielder. He played parts of four seasons in the majors, between and , for the Seattle Mariners, Chicago White Sox, and Cleveland Indians. In four seasons, he played in just 63 games, and in less than half of those (31) did he appear in the field. Parsons was used as a pinch hitter or pinch runner 48 times in those 63 games.
Parsons was born in Wenatchee, Washington, and he attended Gonzaga University, where he played college baseball for the Bulldogs from 1973-1976.
Following his major league career, Parsons spent seven years as a manager in the Oakland Athletics organization. From until , Parsons managed five different teams in the minors. His teams made the playoffs twice, losing in the first round each time.

</doc>
<doc id="20056591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20056591" title="Clara, Lu, and Em">
Clara, Lu, and Em

Clara, Lu, and Em was radio's first network daytime soap opera, beginning June 16, 1930 over WGN-AM Chicago, Illinois. It continued through the 1930s and early 1940s on the NBC Blue Network and CBS, finally airing as a syndicated series in 1945. The program became the first network daytime radio serial when it was moved from its original evening time slot to days.
The drama series began as a Northwestern University sorority sketch by Louise Starkey (Clara), Isobel Carothers (Lu) and Helen King (Em). Their friends suggested they go on the radio, so the trio approached WGN and did their first shows for no pay.
NBC.
As interest grew, they were sponsored by Colgate-Palmolive and were heard evenings on the Blue Network from January 27, 1931 to February 12, 1932, moving to weekdays for a run from February 15, 1932 to March 12, 1934. They continued on NBC and the Blue Network, doing an evening series in 1936 with music by Ted Fio Rito. 
Characters and hiatus.
Storylines centered around three women who lived in a small-town duplex. Clara Roach and her family lived on one side of the duplex, Emma Krueger lived with her family on the other side. Widow Lulu Casey lived upstairs with her daughter Florabelle. When Isobel Carothers suddenly died January 8, 1937 at age 32, Louise Starkey and Helen King decided not to continue.
Return on CBS.
When the program returned with Starkey and King in 1942 on CBS, another of their Northwestern University friends, Harriet Allyn, portrayed Lu. Allyn continued in the 1945 cast as Em, along with Fran Allison as Clara and Dorothy Day as Lu.

</doc>
<doc id="20056598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20056598" title="Anoxomer">
Anoxomer

Anoxomer is a food additive with E number E323. It is a non-digestible polymeric antioxidant. It was designed to allow the introduction of established antioxidants in a non-absorbable manner in order to avoid potential health risk associated with their digestion.
Anoxomer is prepared by condensation polymerization of divinylbenzene and a mixture of antioxidant monomers including tert-butylhydroquinone, tert-butylphenol, hydroxyanisole, p-cresol and 4,4'-isopropylidenediphenol.

</doc>
<doc id="20056653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20056653" title="Harriet Carter">
Harriet Carter

Harriet Carter Gifts Inc, founded by Harriet Carter, is an American retailer that specializes in unique gifts and household products. Harriet Carter has been in business since 1958. It continues to maintain its headquarters in North Wales, PA near Plymouth Meeting, PA where it was founded. The company sells a variety of products through a print catalog and its website.
History.
Harriet Carter Gifts started as a home based mail order business in 1958. The kitchen served as the office and the Carter children helped their mother fulfill orders. The company found its first success selling five different styles of decorative wood switch-plate covers which were hand cut and stained in the family's basement. Besides switch-plate covers, the first catalog also featured products such as a set of Peter Rabbit prints, a federal eagle mirror, a teak desk caddy, a ski rack, a medieval wall lamp, and canned candles molded to look like fresh vegetables.
The company has grown from a home business selling a handful of products via a catalog to a multi-channel retailer with of warehouse space selling over 1,000 products.

</doc>
<doc id="20056684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20056684" title="Michael Welch">
Michael Welch

Michael Welch or Mike Welch may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20056695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20056695" title="Alive! (newspaper)">
Alive! (newspaper)

Alive! is a free monthly publication in the style of a newspaper which has been produced since its first edition in 1996 by "Alive Group", an organisation with an address at the Dominican Order St Mary's Priory, Tallaght in Dublin, Republic of Ireland. The current editor is a Catholic priest, Fr Brian McKevitt, who refers to the publication as a 'newszine'. While it claims a circulation of over 300,000 copies, its actual readership is difficult to establish since a substantial portion of its circulation is delivered door-to-door, with most of the remainder being available through Ireland's network of Catholic churches (who do not provide estimates of take-up). It is printed by Datascope, an independent publishing company in Enniscorthy and contains an appeal in each issue for donations totalling €160,000 annually to remain in circulation.
Political stance and editorial opinion.
Since September 2008, the front page has contained the following disclaimer text: ""The content of the newspaper Alive! and the views expressed in it are those of the editor and contributors, and do not necessarily represent the views of the Irish Dominican Province"".
"Alive!" upholds a conservative Catholic position on a number of issues which it believes are of prime importance to Catholics. These include abortion, euthanasia, marriage, teenage sex, homosexuality, feminism, parenting, creationism, children's education, "moral decline", the European Union, the veracity of global warming, the perceived anti-Catholicism of the environmental movement in general, and the veracity of Catholicism generally. Each edition of the newspaper will typically contain at least four or five articles on topics drawn from this list. The majority of its articles are written anonymously.
The publication strongly opposed the Nice Treaty and the Lisbon Treaty on all four occasions on which they were submitted to the Irish people, a position which drew criticism from Irish politicians such as Senator Paschal Donohoe on the grounds that its position could be erroneously interpreted by many Catholics as representing the official views of the Catholic hierarchy. TD Thomas Byrne criticised the publication claiming that he was "bombarded" with its "anti-EU" views while attending mass. Individual politicians and the Oireachtas sub-committee on Europe asked the Catholic Church and Seán Cardinal Brady to ban it from being distributed in churches. Senator Labhrás Ó Murchú stated that is was "completely wrong" to suggest that Cardinal Brady should ban the publication from churches simply because it espoused views opposing the Lisbon treaty. Senator Ivana Bacik defended the criticism of the publication stating that it espoused extreme views that most moderate Catholics oppose and that it was the "equivalent of the paramilitary wing of the Catholic Church"
Format.
A regular article entitled "Dumbag writes...!" features letters, purportedly from a devil named Dumbag, which highlight what the newspaper believes to be the folly of non-Catholic viewpoints. This feature is inspired by The Screwtape Letters by the Anglican writer, C.S. Lewis. The newspaper also features a column by Fr. Owen Gorman, an interview with a public personage about the role of religion in that person's life, a column dealing with perceived media bias against religion and Christianity, and a "Window on History" article on a historical topic of relevance to the Catholic Church (such as the Penal Laws or the Protestant Reformation).
Fr. Brian McKevitt.
The Broadcasting Authority of Ireland upheld two complaints against the RTÉ presenter Joe Duffy that he harassed Fr. McKevitt on air, interrupting him and treating him differently from other contributors to the Liveline show. The BAI decision forced RTÉ to make a statement of apology on 22 June 2013.
In 2009, Fr. McKevitt attended a meeting in Roscommon of the John Paul II Society along with Declan Ganley (the founder of the now-defunct political organisation Libertas), Senator Ronan Mullen and a number of other conservative Roman Catholics.
McKevitt was listed at number 67 in the "Ireland's Most Influential 100" list published by Village
magazine.
See also.
"The Irish Catholic"

</doc>
<doc id="20056697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20056697" title="Max von Bahrfeldt">
Max von Bahrfeldt

Max Ferdinand Bahrfeldt, ennobled as von Bahrfeldt in 1913 (February 6, 1856, Willmine, District of Templin, Uckermark-April 11, 1936, Halle an der Saale) was a royal Prussian General of the infantry, a local historian, and a numismatist of world renown. In the anglophone and francophone world, however, he was also notorious as the alleged perpetrator of atrocities in Charleroi, Belgium, during the German invasion of 1914.
Early Life.
Bahrfeldt was born into a family from Prenzlau in the Uckermark. Joining the Corps of Cadets in 1869 he was made a Lieutenant in the 75th Infantry Regiment "Bremen" in 1873, stationed at Stade. Bahrfeldt had been interested in numismatics from his youth. He specialized in the coinage of the Roman Republic and the coins of Lower Saxony. Bahrfeldt commenced his numismatic researches while he was in the Army and he published his first numismatic essay in 1874. One year later he became co-editor of the "Numismatisch-Sphragistischer Anzeiger. Zeitung für Münz-, Siegel-, und Wappenkunde" (published in Hannover). 3 years later he was assigned to the post of Regimental Adutant. During this period he served as secretary for the local historical society and curated its coin collection. He also carried out excavations at the Perleberg site of the beaker people.
On October 14, 1878, Bahrfeldt married in Gotha Elisabeth (Ella) Mary Charlotte Samwer (October 8, 1859, Gotha - October 19, 1954, Frankfurt/Main), the daughter of the jurist, professor of constitutional law and author Karl Friedrich Samwer (1819–1882), who was also a numismatist. In 1883 Bahrfeldt published in Vienna from Samwer's papers the "History of the Older Roman Coinage from about 200 B.C." He followed this up with further publications about the coinage issued in the region between the Elbe and the Weser. In 1879 Bahrfeldt published, based on the previous work of Wilhelm Heinrich Jobelmann and Wilhelm Wittpenning, a revised "History of the City of Stade". From 1882 to 1885 he studied at the Prussian Staff College. In 1911, Bahrfeldt was granted an honorary doctorate by the philosophical faculty of the University of Giessen and from 1921 onwards was honorary professor for numismatics at the University of Halle-Wittenberg.
Late Military Career.
Bahrfeldt was promoted to Oberst in 1904, and to Generalmajor in 1908. He commanded the 37th Infantry Division from 1911 till 1913. Being promoted to Generalleutnant on June 16, 1913, Bahrfeldt was ennobled as a member of the Prussian hereditary nobility (as part of the twenty-fifth anniversary of the reign of Kaiser Wilhelm II) and was awarded the Order of the Red Eagle 2nd class with oakleaves and the Order of the Crown 2nd class.
In August 1914, at the start of First World War, Bahrfeldt was given command of the 19th Reserve Division, part of the X. Reserve Corps and the 2nd Army. He captured Charleroi on August 22, 1914 and, accused by the Allies of atrocities at Charleroi, in 1925 he was condemned to death "in absentia" by a Belgian court. His division participated in the Battle of St. Quentin and the following Battle of the Marne. He fought in the First Battle of Champagne and in June 1815 he was given command of the 10th Reserve Division and promoted to General der Infanterie. He led his division into the Battle of Verdun and was phased out of the Army in April 1916.
Later Life.
Bahrfeldt joined the Deutsche Vaterlandspartei upon its formation in 1917. In the Weimar Republic, he was a member of the conservative Deutschnationale Volkspartei and the Stahlhelm. After the dissolution of the Stahlhelm during the Third Reich, Bahrfeldt transferred to the reserve of the SA. Max von Bahrfeldt died on April 11, 1836 in Halle. 
Bahrfeldt is acknowledged as one of the greatest, possibly the greatest, student of coinage of the Roman Republic.

</doc>
<doc id="20056720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20056720" title="Jim Wooding">
Jim Wooding

Jimmie Dale "Jim" Wooding (born February 6, 1954 in St. Louis, Missouri) is a retired decathlete from the United States, who finished seventh in the World with 8091 points at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, California. He is a two-time national champion (1981 and 1984) in the men's decathlon.

</doc>
<doc id="20056727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20056727" title="Paducah Freight House">
Paducah Freight House

The Nashville, Chattanooga, and St. Louis Railway Office and Freight House, simply known as the Paducah Freight House, is a historic railroad freight depot located in the southern portion of downtown Paducah, Kentucky.
In 1852 the first charter to build a railroad for Paducah was establish. Lloyd Tilghman, representative of the New Orleans & Ohio Railroad, established the first seven miles of track for Paducah, connecting the town to Florence Station, Kentucky.
It was constructed in 1925 by the Nashville, Chattanooga and St. Louis Railway in hopes of future connections with other railroads, such as the Big Four Railroad. As such, it was built larger than it needed to be, as those connections were never built. The station was usually used to transport fruits and vegetables that required refrigeration from trains to the private transportation of produce dealers. The Railway was absorbed into the Louisville & Nashville Railroad in 1957. In 1974 the L&N reduced their presence in Paducah and moved their workers to a different depot at 6th and Norton in Paducah. The Johnston-Backus Brokerage Company purchased the building in November 1976. In 1993 Johnston and Backus retired, selling it to Charles and Carolyn Simpson, who made it an antique mall.
The Freight House is a two story brick structure with a limestone foundation. It has a Tudor look with its Palladian-type windows and parapeted dormers and end walls. Its different colored bricks detail the openings of the building.
The Paducah Railroad Museum is next door. It started on the second floor of the freight house, but once the freight house was sold the museum moved to Washington and 2nd streets.

</doc>
<doc id="20056728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20056728" title="InternetCrusade">
InternetCrusade

The Real Estate Electronic Publishing Company, doing business as InternetCrusade, was founded by John Reilly and Saul Klein in 1995. InternetCrusade is the technology provider for the National Association of Realtors's e-Pro certification course.
RealTown.
Since 1995, InternetCrusade has hosted a web portal and social networking website for the real estate industry, claiming over a 114,000 members. RealTown was re-launched in 2007 with a Web 2.0 revamp.

</doc>
<doc id="20056734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20056734" title="William Earl Dodge Stokes">
William Earl Dodge Stokes

William Earle Dodge Stokes (1852 – May 18 1926) was an American multimillionaire responsible for developing much of New York's Upper West Side.
Early life.
Born in New York City, he was the son of James Boulter and Caroline (née Phelps) Stokes; brother of Anson Phelps Stokes and Olivia Eggleston Phelps Stokes. One of his grandfathers was London merchant Thomas Stokes, one of the 13 founders of the London Missionary Society, and Anson Stokes later actively supported the American Bible Society, the American Tract Society and the American Peace Society. His other grandfather, Anson Greene Phelps, was a New York merchant, born in Connecticut and descended from an old Massachusetts family. 
As a young man Stokes started his career working in the family business, Phelps, Dodge & Company, a mercantile establishment founded by his grandfather Phelps and his uncle, William Earle Dodge, Sr., in the 1830s. By the time that Stokes joined the company it had become a mining business. He was also a share holder in the Ansonia Clock Company. When his father died in August 1881, Stokes contested the will, sued his brother Anson for conspiring to throw him out of the family business, and gained a $1 million inheritance. He left Phelps Dodge and from 1885 to 1890 he developed real estate on the Upper West Side.
Property developer.
In 1895, aged 43, Stokes married 19 year old Rita Hernandez de Alba Acosta. The couple moved into one of Stokes's new developments at 262 West 72nd Street. In 1898 Stokes began work on a new mansion at 4 East 54th Street designed by McKim, Mead and White. However, in 1900, just as the house was nearing completion, Rita Stokes filed for divorce, and neither ever lived in the house. Rita’s youngest sister, Mercedes de Acosta, wrote in her autobiography that “when Rita finally decided to marry Will Stokes it was, I believe, because she felt his wealth could open doors. . . . But she paid a high price for any material gain.” She also produced an heir, William Earl Dodge Stokes Jr, born January 5, 1896, whom they called “Weddie”. According to her sister, Rita hated the child and could hardly bring herself to hold him. The divorce settlement was said to be $2 million, a record at that time. 
In 1899, Stokes commissioned architect Paul E. Duboy (1857-1907) to build the greatest and grandest hotel in Manhattan, New York. The result was The Ansonia, named after Stokes' grandfather industrialist Anson Greene Phelps, located at 2109 Broadway between West 73rd and West 74th Streets. Opening in 1903, the $3 million Ansonia had 350 suites with several restaurants, a bank, a barbershop, a ballroom, a swimming pool and full hotel services, along with an imposing Parisian-style facade of turrets and balconies. 
In 1907 Stokes was sued by a woman named Lucy Randolph for child support. She claimed that she had met Stokes in the Ansonia and that he had told her that he wanted to have a child with her. After getting her pregnant Stokes had ignored her. Although it was proved in court that Stokes had been intimate with her, and that he had previously given her regular payments, the case against him was dismissed on a technicality. Also in 1907 the New York Board of Health planned to raid the Ansonia hotel's roof and confiscate the four pet geese and a pig, called Nanki-Poo, that they had been informed that Stokes kept there. Stokes and his butler hid the animals in the basement and convinced the inspector that the roof was animal-free.
Later years.
In February 1911, Stokes, then aged 59, secretly married the 24-year-old Helen Ellwood. He married in secret because when he was divorced by his first wife, Rita de Acosta Stokes, the judge had told him he could not marry again during her lifetime. In June 1911 Stokes was shot and wounded by a 22 year-old vaudeville actress, Lillian Graham. She claimed that Stokes had attacked her because he was angry at her refusal to return compromising letters he had written her. For his part, Stokes claimed that Graham had been trying to blackmail him and that she had attacked him when this had been unsuccessful. Graham was found not guilty.
In 1918 Stokes filed for divorce from Helen Stokes. Stokes was represented by attorney Max Steuer, and started what proved to be a very acrimonious legal case. He claimed that she had had affairs with her cousin, his own son and at least nine other men. She stated that his witnesses were lying, and that he had had numerous affairs throughout their marriage, that with Lillian Graham being just one. She added that he kept several dozen chickens in their apartment at the Ansonia. In February 1922 Rita de Acosta Lydig appeared before the Supreme Court of Justice on behalf of Helen Stokes, claiming that Stokes used to beat her during their marriage. In 1923, after paying $1 million in legal fees, Stokes' request for a divorce from his wife was denied; she won a counterclaim for separation. Stokes was tried for conspiracy to defame her, but was acquitted in 1925.
Stokes died on May 18, 1926 aged 74, and "The New York Times" noted in his obituary that, even though Stokes had been involved in "almost incessant litigation," he had left about $8 million in his will. However, in 1928 that estimate was reduced to $300,000, and even that would be erased, The Times said, "if his estate lost all the many pending lawsuits that plagued his controversial career, even after death".
Publications.
'The Right to be Well Born; or, Horse Breeding in its Relation to Eugenics' by W. E. D. Stokes. Publisher: C. J. O'Brien, New York (1917) 

</doc>
<doc id="20056778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20056778" title="Thomas Welch (disambiguation)">
Thomas Welch (disambiguation)

Thomas Welch may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20056781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20056781" title="Overveen railway station">
Overveen railway station

Overveen is a railway station in Overveen, North Holland, the Netherlands. The station opened 3 June 1881. It lies on the Haarlem–Zandvoort railway. The station has one platform. It is located along the Tetterodeweg.
Old names.
Until 1 January 1900 the name was "Overveen-Bloemendaal".
Train services.
The following services currently call at Overveen:

</doc>
<doc id="20056792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20056792" title="1939 Finnish Grand Prix">
1939 Finnish Grand Prix

The 1939 Finnish Grand Prix was a Grand Prix motor race held at Eläintarharata on 7 May 1939.

</doc>
<doc id="20056800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20056800" title="Brian Witkin">
Brian Witkin

Brian Witkin is the founder and president of Pacific Records. As an entrepreneur and music producer, he owned a record label and chain of retail record stores by the age of twenty. Witkin comes from a musical family; his father was an original member of Sha Na Na
Pacific Records.
In 1999 at the age if 17 Witkin started the production company Real2Reel Records because he needed a record label for his band "Warrior Finches". Witkin changed the name from Real2Real Records to Pacific Records because people were having trouble spelling Real2Real, in addition to trademark issues. In 2004 Pacific Records was trademarked and became a division of his company Wingnut Media Group Incorporated, which also manufactures clothing, buttons, and stickers as promotional material. Pacific Records sold compilation CDs of local artists in the San Diego area including his own band "Shut Up Sigmund Freud".

</doc>
<doc id="20056818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20056818" title="John Street (snooker referee)">
John Street (snooker referee)

John Street (3 January 1932 – 6 January 2009) was a professional snooker referee. 
He refereed at all the major televised tournaments beginning in the 1970s up until his retirement. His final match was at the 1997 Benson and Hedges Masters final when Steve Davis defeated Ronnie O'Sullivan 10-8 after trailing 8-4. This match was particularly notable for having a streaker run around the table leaving John Street speechless. 
Street refereed in five World Championship finals between 1980 and 1995. He handled the famous 1992 final between Jimmy White and Stephen Hendry when Hendry came from 14-8 behind to win the match 18-14 by winning 10 consecutive frames. 
Street was co author of several snooker rule books and his final residence was in Exeter.

</doc>
<doc id="20056848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20056848" title="Shadow Wave">
Shadow Wave

Shadow Wave is the 12th novel in the CHERUB series by Robert Muchamore. It was published by Hodder Children's Books (ISBN 9780340956472) on 26 August 2010, and features the final mission of the long-standing central character James Adams. A limited edition of "Shadow Wave", with an orange cover (designed by Callum East), was made available just at W.H.Smith. Details of Muchamore's plans to create a small three-book series called Aramov without James were revealed via a secret website detailed on the back pages of all copies of the book.
Plot.
James Adams works undercover with MI5 as a Brigands Motorcycle Club biker, trying to bring down its leader Ralph "The Führer" Donnington (continuing from his mission in the previous CHERUB book "Brigands M.C."). His girlfriend Kerry Chang is also working with him as an interpreter in a set-up weapons deal. The police surround them and the Führer tries to escape, but ends up falling down a cliff and breaking his leg. He is taken into police custody.
James returns to CHERUB campus to a wedding between mission controller Chloe Blake and her boyfriend. At the wedding he is reunited with several ex-cherubs and former staff members, including former head instructor Norman Large, his former girlfriend Dana Smith and retired agent Kyle Blueman. Kyle finds a mission briefing for James to act as the son of David Secombe, an important figure in the British government who is negotiating a weapons deal with Malaysian Defence Minister Tan Abdullah. Kyle tells James about how, when he was assisting in a CHERUB basic training course in Malaysia in 2004, he met a teenager named Aizat Rakyat who told him how Abdullah was demolishing native villages to make way for luxurious hotels. When the Boxing Day tsunami struck he used the disaster to "evacuate" the villagers and therefore built more hotels. James, disgusted, quits the mission and joins Kyle in a scheme to embarrass Abdullah.
James' sister Lauren Adams and a younger agent, Kevin Sumner, are also going on the mission. James sneaks into Lauren's room in the early morning and installs a tracking device in her cellphone. He is about to leave when his friend Bruce Norris (who has broken up with his girlfriend Bethany Parker) agrees to join them. Together, they go and meet Helena Bayliss, runner of charity "Guilt Trips", journalist Hugh Verhoeven and former businessman Dion Frei, who are working to discredit Abdullah. Lauren and Kevin go on a shopping trip with the daughter and son of Tan Abdullah, and James, using the tracking device in Lauren's phone, invites paparazzi to their locations, embarrassing Tan Abdullah's family. Meanwhile, Frei, claiming to act on behalf of the French government, offers Abdullah a weapons deal that is more favourable than Britain's offer and secretly films Abdullah making disparaging remarks about the Malaysian Prime Minister. When Abdullah's actions are revealed to the media, Abdullah commits suicide to avoid further embarrassment.
James leaves for Stanford University in California. A year later, he returns to London to visit Kerry and Lauren. The three visit Gwen Choke's grave, and Kerry tells James and Lauren that their mother would be very proud of them.
In the epilogue of the book, Bethany Parker is expelled from CHERUB because she breached security by continuing to have a relationship with someone she met outside campus on a mission. Kerry leaves CHERUB and joins James in Stanford University. Even though Kerry was suspicious that James cheated on her during his first year of college, he did not. CHERUB chairwoman's dog Meatball is also revealed to have become a father of three puppies. Lauren's father Ron dies from throat cancer shortly after being released from prison and James meets his dad after seeing his name on one of his school textbooks.
Release information.
The book was released on 27 August 2010 in hardback edition, as well as 2 September in some locations. The release date of the paperback version is unconfirmed but cited as being around May 2011. A special edition of the book is available at W H Smith with an orange cover. The book is the second (after Brigands M.C.) to be released in hardback format, the Recommended retail price in the United Kingdom is £12.99.
The book is the last to feature the present list of main characters.
The CHERUB series continues with a set of three novels featuring new main characters - notably Ryan Sharma - with appearances of characters from the original series. The first, titled "People's Republic", was released in August 2011 and the second, "Guardian Angel", in August 2012. The third, "Black Friday", is due for release in September 2013. The series centres on an operation to infiltrate a Kyrgyzstan crime organization known as the Aramov Clan.

</doc>
<doc id="20056854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20056854" title="Water polo at the 1960 Summer Olympics – Men's team squads">
Water polo at the 1960 Summer Olympics – Men's team squads

Hungary entered a squad of 14 players. They scored 37 goals, including one own goal from the Belgian Jozef Smits.
Head coach: Béla Rajki

Italy entered a squad of twelve players. They scored 31 goals.
Head coach: Mario Majoni

The Soviet Union entered a squad of eleven players. They scored 30 goals.
Head coach: Vitaly Ushakov and Nikolai Malin

The United States entered a squad of eleven players. They scored 33 goals.
Head coach: Urho Saari (coach), Neill Kohlhase

Yugoslavia entered a squad of eleven players. They scored 27 goals.
Head coach: 

</doc>
<doc id="20056859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20056859" title="Philander Chase Johnson">
Philander Chase Johnson

Philander Chase Johnson (1866–1939) was an African American journalist, humorist, poet, and dramatic editor.

</doc>
<doc id="20056879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20056879" title="Hyundai World Rally Team">
Hyundai World Rally Team

Hyundai Motorsport began when Hyundai competed in the F2 class of the World Rally Championship in 1998 and 1999. In September 1999, Hyundai unveiled the Accent WRC, a World Rally Car based on the Hyundai Accent. The Hyundai World Rally Team debuted the car at the 2000 Swedish Rally and achieved their first top-ten result at that year's Rally Argentina, when Alister McRae and Kenneth Eriksson finished seventh and eighth, respectively. Eriksson later drove the car to fifth place in New Zealand and fourth in Australia. In 2001, Hyundai debuted a new evolution of the Accent WRC, which was intended to improve reliability, but the performance of the car was still not good enough to challenge the four big teams (Ford World Rally Team, Mitsubishi, Peugeot and Subaru). However, at the season-ending Rally GB, the team achieved their best result with McRae finishing fourth and Eriksson sixth.
For the 2002 season, Hyundai hired the four-time world champion Juha Kankkunen, along with Freddy Loix and Armin Schwarz. Kankkunen's fifth place in New Zealand was the team's best result, but they managed to edge out Škoda and Mitsubishi by one point in the battle for fourth place in the manufacturers' world championship. In September 2003, after a season hampered by budget constraints, Hyundai announced their withdrawal from the WRC, and that they planned to return in 2006.
Hyundai announced at the 2012 Paris Motor Show that they would be returning to the WRC for 2014, using the i20 model built to World Rally Car specifications. Hyundai also announced that their official test drivers for 2013 would be Juho Hänninen, Bryan Bouffier and Chris Atkinson.
Thierry Neuville was confirmed as lead driver of Hyundai Motorsport's World Rally Championship programme from 2014. Neuville, along with his co-driver Nicolas Gilsoul, will pilot Hyundai’s new i20 WRC in all 13 WRC events in 2014, beginning with the team’s debut at the Monte-Carlo Rally in January.

</doc>
<doc id="20056882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20056882" title="Papillifera">
Papillifera

Papillifera is a genus of air-breathing land snail with a clausilium, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Clausiliidae, the door snails.

</doc>
<doc id="20056890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20056890" title="Agnus McVee">
Agnus McVee

Agnus McVee was a Canadian serial killer. McVee ran a hotel and store at 108 Mile House on the Cariboo Wagon Road from 1875 to 1885 during the Cariboo Gold Rush. Along with her husband Jim McVee and her son-in-law Al Riley, she is said to have killed many miners for their gold and kidnapped women for sale to miners as white slaves. The story has achieved local prominence, but documentary evidence is absent.
Crimes.
The actions attributed to Agnus McVee and her accomplices are multiple murders, kidnappings, torture, and white slavery. The murders were of traveling gold miners (most likely killed for their gold). The kidnappings were of eight young women who were tied up in the hotel basement. The women were mistreated until they were obedient and then sold to miners.
Capture and punishment.
The story goes that a miner, Jim MacDonald, wished to buy a young girl from the McVees. Agnus agreed to sell MacDonald a seventeen-year-old girl. The next morning Jim McVee followed MacDonald down the Cariboo Wagon Road. McVee murdered MacDonald and took all his money. The next morning, Agnus McVee poisoned her husband in retaliation for this murder. The girl, however, was able to escape and to identify Jim McVee to the North West Mounted Police.
Upon investigation, the police found McVee, Al Riley (her brother-in-law), Jim McVee's body, and eight young girls in the basement of the McVee's hotel. The police arrested McVee and Riley and the pair were taken to Fort Kamloops. They were charged and convicted of murder and kidnapping. They were than transported to New Westminster and incarcerated in the New Westminster jail. McVee committed suicide in 1885 while in the jail by swallowing poison. Riley was hanged shortly after. 
Controversy.
The Agnus McVee story seems to have originated from a single source: According to Maryanne Rutledge, president of the 100 Mile and District Historical Society, the story comes from an out-of-publication booklet titled "Lost Treasure in BC #3" by Larry Lazeo of Fort Langley. The author received the details from an old-timer. 
The tale has become widespread in the 100 Mile district and has expanded beyond it. In 2006, Red Barn Productions filmed the story for CTV's Travel and Discovery series, intended for satellite broadcast in late September or October 2006. The story is also on a BC Government web page of historical information. 
One form of evidence that is sometimes given is that caches of gold have been found in the area. Rutledge states "In 1929, there was a farmer who unearthed a cache of gold in bags. More recently, when a nearby airport was built, excavation dug up a sum of cash from that era." 
However, documentary evidence for the story is absent. An article by Greg Joyce in the Prince George Citizen newspaper discusses the story of the McVee murders. He states that there are no documents of ownership of the 108 Mile Hotel during the decade that McVee is supposed to have run it. Missing persons records do not list anyone who lodged at the hotel between 1875 and 1885 as reported missing. No police records of the arrest or trial have been found "despite Rutledge's extensive searches in Kamloops, New Westminster, and in the provincial archives in Victoria." Furthermore, there are no death certificates for either McVee or Riley.

</doc>
<doc id="20056916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20056916" title="Receptive Services Association of America">
Receptive Services Association of America

The Receptive Services Association of American (aka RSAA or RSA) www.rsaa.org is a 501(c)6 trade association of major North American–based receptive tour operator companies and suppliers (hotels, restaurants, attractions, destination marketing organizations, etc.). Based in Lexington, Kentucky, RSAA is the leading trade association focused on inbound travel to the United States.
The Association has three general types of members:
Regular Members are major international inbound receptive tour companies.
Associate Members are tour suppliers, such as hotels, attractions, and restaurants.
Sustaining Members are leading tour suppliers that comprise the Supplier Advisory Board, which provides advice and input to the association's elected Board of Directors.
History.
Beginning as RSA in 1991, RSAA was formed to bring together major receptive tour operators and suppliers in the New York and New Jersey region. As a result of continuing interest and growth from across the country, RSA grew into a national organization.
RSA joined forces with ITSA, the International Travel Services Association to form RSAA in September, 2004. ITSA was formed and founded in 1993, by receptive tour operators and destination management companies to create a united voice to address issues of importance, educational opportunities, and networking with new business partners.
In 2012, RSAA became the first travel association to enter into a strategic partnership with the U.S. Commercial Service. This partnership helps RSAA and the U.S. Commercial Service promote travel to the United States and enable international operators to form relationships with U.S. receptive operators.
Inbound International Travel.
Today, RSAA represents the major inbound operators in the United States who inbound package tour business in the United States. These receptive operators form a vital link in the inbound travel supply chain by providing travel products and services for international visitors. 
RSAA's members bring more than 8 million visitors to the United States each year. These visitors spend nearly $6 billion on their travel related services.
RSAA also addresses economic and public policy issues affecting tourism at local, state, and federal levels. It is interested in building awareness of the unique role receptives play in linking suppliers from all parts of the United States with the global travel industry.
On August 22, 2011, RSAA announced that it had formed a strategic partnership with VISIT USA - Europe.
On April 12, 2012, the association changed its bylaws in order to create an international membership class.
Governance.
RSAA's Mission Statement is:
To serve as the voice of the U.S. inbound travel industry, promote professional excellence, and create a collaborative atmosphere for all companies and entities involved in the U.S. inbound travel industry.
The chairman of the association is Jonathan Zuk of Amadeo Travel Solutions and the executive director is Matt Grayson. RSAA offices are located in Lexington, Kentucky. The association is governed by a board of directors that consists of 14 members, supported by an Advisory Board currently consisting of 13 suppliers. The association is managed by Associations International.

</doc>
<doc id="20056932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20056932" title="European Federation of Audiology Societies">
European Federation of Audiology Societies

The European Federation of Audiology Societies (EFAS) is a non-profit organization formed by societies of Audiology of European countries. EFAS was founded at a European meeting on Audiology hosted by the British Society of Audiology in Cambridge U.K. September 1992. .
Meeting.
European Federation of Audiology Societies holds its meetings annually.

</doc>
<doc id="20056954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20056954" title="Dikirnis">
Dikirnis

Dikirnis (also spelled: Dekernes;   ) is a town in the center of the Dakahlia Governorate of Egypt. It is situated about 20 km east of El Mansoura, the capital of Dakahlia.
Overview.
Along with Mansoura and other northern cities, Dikirnis forms a part of the Dakahlia Governorate. The town is home to one of the oldest secondary schools in Egypt, Ali Mubarak School, which was built in 1911.
Climate.
Dikirnis is classified by Köppen-Geiger climate classification system as hot desert (BWh).
Villages.
Dekernes is the main city in Dekernes Markaz (Center). It is surrounded by many small villages which form a part of Dekernes Markaz such as:
Local unit of Demouh:
Local unit of Demeshalt:
Local unit of Negeir:
Others:

</doc>
<doc id="20057033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20057033" title="GameCity">
GameCity

GameCity is an independent, annual videogame festival in Nottingham, England. The festival is aimed at the general public, and many events allow members of the public to participate freely. The festival receives little funding from the commercial video game industry, and is concerned instead with exploring the ways in which videogame culture can be made more accessible. The festival is directed by Iain Simons of Nottingham Trent University. It has been described as the "Sundance of the video games world."
GameCity 1 (2006).
At the 2006 event, Lorne Lanning announced the production of his feature film Citizen Siege and Richard Jacques performed a candle-lit piano recital of hit SEGA tunes.
GameCity 2 (2007).
At the 2007 event the first playable prototype of Nobi Nobi Boy was shown by Keita Takahashi.
GameCity 3 (2008).
Gamecity 3 was held over Halloween 2008. To coincide with this, GameCity arranged a successful world record attempt at the largest number of people to dress as zombies in one place. The record was set to 1227 people, although even more 'unregistered zombies' were present at the attempt. Also during the 2008 event, the National Videogame Archive for the UK was launched with the "Save the Videogame" campaign. This was led by the recording of the first public Director Commentary event, with Martin Hollis and David Doak playing Goldeneye 64 live.
GameCity Squared (2009).
GameCity Squared took place from the 27th to the 31st of October, 2009. Events in 2009 included: Brickstock (a LEGO Rock Band celebration); Elite: Paper Universe - which celebrated 25 years of Elite by bringing together David Braben, Ian Bell, Robert Holdstock and others involved in its creation; Crysis: LIVE - a large scale re-enactment of Crysis; and various industry talks from Jagex and Masaya Matsuura. The final location of the Keita Takahashi-designed playground was also revealed as being Woodthorpe Grange Park in Nottingham.
GameCity 5 (2010).
GameCity 5 took place from the 26th to the 30th of October, 2010.
GameCity 6 (2011).
GameCity 6 took place from the 26th to the 29th of October, 2011.
Highlights included a keynote from Richard Lemarchand, Robin Hunicke staging a live play-through of Journey and Eric Chahi curating an entire day of the event. The final day of the festival staged a takeover event to celebrate the anniversary of The Legend of Zelda.
GameCity 7 (2012).
GameCity 7 took place in Nottingham from the 20th to the 27th October 2012. There were several events held over the 8 day festival, including keynotes from Leigh Alexander, Phil Fish, Adam Saltsman, Ed Stern and many more.
The festival also has the first UK showing of the LEGO: Lord of the Rings game, demonstrated by LEGO's Creative Director Jonathan Smith. 
A World Record was broken on the final day of the festival, as GameCity attempted to host the World's Largest Practical Science experiment. 292 people participated in the event, succeeding the previous record of 276.
GameCity Prize.
The GameCity Prize was announced on 15 September 2011. It is awarded for a game's "accomplishments and contribution to popular culture".
Minecraft won the first GameCity Prize in 2011.
The 2012 award went to Journey (made by thatgamecompany), with special acknowledgements to FEZ as runner-up. 
Lord Puttnam chaired the 2012 Jury and was joined by Charlie Higson, Dave Gibbons, Jo Whiley, Louise Brealey, Samira Ahmed, Lucy Kellaway, Ekow Eshun, and Wayne Hemingway.
Industry attendance.
Each year, GameCity hosts talks and presentations from leading individuals and companies working in the games industry. Previous events have included talks from Free Radical (now Crytek UK), Media Molecule, Bizarre Creations, TT Games, Splash Damage, Torpex Games, Harmonix Music Systems, Sony London Studio, Midway Newcastle, Anthill Games, Jonathan Blow, Alexey Pajitnov, Amanita Design, David Braben, Martin Hollis, David Doak and Monumental Games.
World Records.
GameCity currently holds two world records, one of them being the Largest Practical Science Lesson, set on 27 October 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20057045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20057045" title="Twelve Angry Men (Westinghouse Studio One)">
Twelve Angry Men (Westinghouse Studio One)

Twelve Angry Men is a 1954 teleplay by Reginald Rose for the "Studio One" anthology television series. Initially staged as a CBS live production on 20 September 1954, the drama was later rewritten for the stage in 1955 under the same title and again for a feature film, "12 Angry Men" (1957). The episode garnered three Emmy Awards for writer Rose, director Franklin Schaffner and Robert Cummings as Best Actor.
Cast and characters.
Sweeney and Voskovec repeated their parts in the 1957 film.
Critical Reception.
The performance got generally positive reviews. For example, Steve Rhodes made these comments when he reviewed the drama in 1997:

</doc>
<doc id="20057060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20057060" title="Cape Baring">
Cape Baring

Cape Baring is a Canadian Arctic headland in the Northwest Territories. The most westerly point of the Wollaston Peninsula, it is located on Victoria Island, protruding into the Amundsen Gulf.
The cape is the ancestral home of Kangiryuarmiut, a Copper Inuit subgroup.
It is named in honor of Francis Baring, 1st Baron Northbrook, First Lord of the Admiralty. ⋅

</doc>
<doc id="20057085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20057085" title="Aswarby and Scredington railway station">
Aswarby and Scredington railway station

Aswarby and Scredington railway station was a station close to Scredington, Lincolnshire on the Great Northern Railway Bourne and Sleaford railway. It opened in 1872 and closed in 1930. It was originally shown on maps as Aswarby Station, but by 1905 it was shown as Aswarby and Scredington Station.
History.
Opened by the Great Northern Railway (Great Britain), it became part of the London and North Eastern Railway during the Grouping of 1923, and was then closed by that company.

</doc>
<doc id="20057086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20057086" title="The Time Is Now (Moloko song)">
The Time Is Now (Moloko song)

"The Time Is Now" is a 2000 single by the British and Irish electronica-pop group Moloko. It is included on their third album, "Things to Make and Do" (10 Apr 2000), leading the album's release by three weeks. The song charted at #2 on the UK Singles Chart, outpeaking previous single Sing It Back which peaked at #4; it did not chart on any American chart, however, despite Sing It Back having made #1 on the Dance Music/Club Play Singles chart.
Critical reception.
Andy Hinds of AllMusic.com, in a review for Things to Make and Do, said "check out the nylon-string guitar in the flamenco-flavored "The Time Is Now," which faintly recalls Basement Jaxx's "Rendez-Vu" and it adds a timeless quality to the music overall".
This song was also nominated for Best British Single at the 2001 BRIT Awards but lost to Robbie Williams's "Rock DJ". The same thing occurred with its music video, which was nominated for Best British Video but also lost out to Rock DJ.
Use in other media.
The song has been used in the advertising campaigns for Ford Super Sunday and Sky Sports News on Sky Sports, as well as in advertisements for BMW and the ABC program Bed of Roses (TV series) both on Australian television. In Finland song is used by TV channel Canal+ when promoting upcoming games.

</doc>
<doc id="20057124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20057124" title="Hilversum Sportpark railway station">
Hilversum Sportpark railway station

Hilversum Sportpark is a railway station in Hilversum, the Netherlands. It lies south of Hilversum town centre. The station was opened in 1874 and is on the Hilversum - Utrecht railway line. The station was called "Hilversum-Amersfoortsche Straatweg" from 1874 until 1919, and from 1919 to 1969 "Hilversum-Soestdijkerstraatweg".
Train services.
The following services currently call at Hilversum Sportpark:

</doc>
<doc id="20057192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20057192" title="Nelson Head">
Nelson Head

Nelson Head is a Canadian Arctic hypsographic cape in the Northwest Territories. The most southerly point of Banks Island, it protrudes into the Amundsen Gulf.
It is the ancestral home of Kangiryuarmiut, a Copper Inuit subgroup.
Naming.
The cape was named "Nelson's Head" by Captain Robert McClure on September 7, 1850 during his western search for Franklin's lost expedition in honor of Lord Nelson, whose profile may have been suggested by the 'strikingly grand and imposing' features of the cape. Nelson had not been previously honored by Arctic explorers.
Appearance.
Described by Alexander Armstrong, ship's surgeon aboard the HMS "Investigator", the cape reaches over 1000 feet almost vertically from the water's edge:
'It is of limestone formation, the lower third of dark brown stratification, above which is assumed a lighter colour of reddish yellow, such as a ferruginous coating might impart. This was surmounted by a dark grey columnar formation, much resembling irregularly formed basaltic columns, with joints or fissures similar to what is usually observed in that formation; the whole capped by a covering of soil.

</doc>
<doc id="20057211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20057211" title="Saul Klein (real estate broker)">
Saul Klein (real estate broker)

Saul D. Klein is a real estate broker, CEO of Point2 Technologies, and President of InternetCrusade. As a speaker and consultant, Klein has been considered among the real estate industry's most influential people. Klein is co-author of the "Real Estate Technology Guide".
With the ability to register long domain names in 1999, Klein registered such domain names as NationalBasketballAssociation.com and InternationalBusinessMachines.com, to demonstrate both the opportunities and problems this presented.

</doc>
<doc id="20057217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20057217" title="Trivest">
Trivest

Trivest Partners, L.P. is the oldest private equity firm in the Southeast U.S., founded in 1981, and headquartered in Miami, Florida. Trivest has positioned itself as the Partner of Choice among founder and family-owned businesses in the lower middle market through its flexibility in transaction structuring and related Just Say No program. The firm focuses specifically on investments in the consumer, business services, distribution and niche manufacturing industries. Among the firm’s most notable current and prior investments are AM Conservation, Ellery Homestyles, Endeavor Telecom, Group III International, Hazmasters, National Auto Care, Onepath Systems, Pelican Water Systems, Ryko Systems, SR Sales, Take 5 Oil Change, Wise Company, HandStands, North Star Seafood, ATX Networks, Directed Electronics, Twinstar International, Herbal Magic, Aero Products International (makers of the Aero Bed) and Sun Pharmaceuticals (Banana Boat brand). 
Overview.
The Trivest team is led by Managing Partner Troy D. Templeton. Troy joined the firm in 1989 and plays a key leadership role in Trivest's buyout activities, investment sourcing, resource allocation, portfolio oversight and firm administration. Jamie Elias, Chip Vandenberg, Forest Wester, Russ Wilson and David Gershman are also Partners of Trivest. 
Trivest was an early entrant to the leveraged buyout space in the early 1980s and has completed investments in over 200 companies representing over $5.0 billion in value since its founding. Since its inception in 1981, Trivest has raised five institutional private equity funds, with total investor commitments of nearly $1.5 billion, dedicated to leveraged buyout investments in founder- and family-owned middle market companies. Trivest is currently actively investing from Trivest Fund V, raised in April 2013 with commitments of $415 million.

</doc>
<doc id="20057233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20057233" title="Amy Courter">
Amy Courter

Major General Amy S. Courter, CAP, is the former National Commander of the Civil Air Patrol. She was elected by a unanimous decision of CAP's National Board on August 7, 2008.
Education.
Amy Courter graduated from Kalamazoo College in 1983 with a bachelor’s degree in psychology and education, minoring in computer science and mathematics. She also earned secondary school teaching certifications in psychology, computer science and mathematics. Courter played basketball and field hockey as a Kalamazoo Hornet, and studied abroad in France at the Université de Strasbourg.
Career.
Courter served as Vice President of Information Technology and Telecom at Valassis, a marketing company in Michigan. Courter began as a mid-level manager at Valassis, accepting increasingly more strategic roles, overseeing all IT efforts globally for the last 14 of her 20 years there. Valassis is a publicly traded $2.3 billion company (NYSE:VCI). In 2005, she planned her departure from Valassis to enable her to work in other industries - notably health care and manufacturing.
Civil Air Patrol Service.
Early career.
Courter joined Civil Air Patrol as a senior in High School. She served as Michigan Wing Commander from 1999 to 2002. She also served as the female senior advisor to CAP's National Cadet Advisory Council.
Courter has received the Garber, Loening, Yeager and Wilson awards; as well as the Distinguished Service Medal with two clusters, National Commander’s Commendations and Exceptional Service, Meritorious Service and Commanders Commendation awards. 
While serving as wing commander, Courter played a pivotal role in creating a new National Cadet Special Activity, the Civic Leadership Academy. This gives cadets an in depth view of the United States Government.
National Commander.
Courter was the first female member of CAP to attain the rank of Brigadier General and Major General. In 2007, Courter became the Civil Air Patrol's Acting National Commander. She was elected to a regular three year term as National Commander in 2008. 
On August 7, 2008, during the 2008 Civil Air Patrol National Board and Annual Conference, Courter was elected to remain as Civil Air Patrol's National Commander. She was promoted two days later at the conclusion of the conference.

</doc>
<doc id="20057246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20057246" title="Minerva Initiative">
Minerva Initiative

The Minerva Research Initiative was announced in 2008 by Secretary of Defense Robert M. Gates. Minerva looks to tap into the community of area specialists and other university researchers, particularly those who work on Islam, Iraq, China, and related areas.
History.
In 2008 the project was provided $50 million by the United States Department of Defense to fund academic research on five separate themes. One focus was on China, a second on terrorism, a third on Iraq, a fourth on Islam, and a fifth that is open. The goal was to create improved relations between the Department of Defense and the universities and to develop knowledge that the military can benefit from in the long term.
Minerva has proven controversial. Although many scholars support Minerva, a number of academic researchers have sounded public alarm about the prospect of Defense Department funding for research. The American Anthropological Association sent a public letter suggesting that the funding be transferred to a different body, such as the National Science Foundation (NSF). Hugh Gusterson, a prominent anthropologist at George Mason University, has written a series of articles in a variety of venues that have attracted significant attention. He worries that: "any attempt to centralize thinking about culture and terrorism under the Pentagon’s roof will inevitably produce an intellectually shrunken outcome...The Pentagon will have the false comfort of believing that it has harnessed the best and the brightest minds, when in fact it will have only received a very limited slice of what the ivory tower has to offer—academics who have no problem taking Pentagon funds. Social scientists call this “selection bias,” and it can lead to dangerous analytical errors."
The Department of Defense funds Minerva directly and through the National Science Foundation.

</doc>
<doc id="20057248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20057248" title="Battle off the coast of Jaffna">
Battle off the coast of Jaffna

The Battle off the coast of Jaffna – a naval battle fought between the Navy of Sri Lanka and Tamil Tiger ships. According to Sri Lankan sources, it took place on Saturday 1 November 2008 in the northern territorial waters of Sri Lanka off the coast of Jaffna during the Sri Lankan Civil War. A Sri Lankan government customs officer, D.K.P. Dassangayake, reported that the battle begun as the Navy met the rebel ships and exchanged fire.

</doc>
<doc id="20057258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20057258" title="Heemstede-Aerdenhout railway station">
Heemstede-Aerdenhout railway station

Heemstede-Aerdenhout is a railway station in Heemstede and Aerdenhout, the Netherlands. The station opened on 1 October 1891 and is located on the site of the old Toll house for the Leidsevaart canal, which still flows next to the station from Haarlem to Leiden. This canal still follows the Oude Lijn (Amsterdam - Rotterdam) closely. The train soon became the favored method of travel after the station opened, and the canal has gone out of use since the end of the second world war. The current station building was opened in 1958 and was one of the first Dutch viaduct stations.
Formerly all trains running between Rotterdam and Amsterdam operated via Haarlem and stopped in Heemstede. Intercity trains still stop in Heemstede, though the fastest train line from Leiden to Amsterdam now runs via Schiphol railway station, not Haarlem.
Train services.
The following train services currently call at Heemstede-Aerdenhout:

</doc>
<doc id="20057272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20057272" title="Celestina Popa">
Celestina Popa

Celestina Popa-Toma (born July 12, 1970 in Ploieşti, Romania) is a retired Romanian artistic gymnast, who competed in international events between 1985 and 1988. She is an Olympic silver medalist and a world gold and silver medalist with the team. She is best known for her eponymous straddle pike jump with full turn on floor as well as for her flexibility and unique style.
Career.
In 1984 Popa placed second at the Romanian Junior Nationals and she became a member of the national team. In 1985 she was a member of the silver medal winning team at the 1985 World Championships. Also in 1985, she was the all around champion, vault and beam gold medalist at the International Chunichi Cup in Japan.
Together with Aurelia Dobre, Camelia Voinea, Eugenia Golea, Daniela Silivaș and Ecaterina Szabo, Popa was a member of the gold medal winning team at the 1987 World Championships in Rotterdam, The Netherlands. In 1988 she won the silver medal with the team at the Olympics and placed tenth all around in the preliminaries.
Post retirement.
Popa retired in 1989. After retiring she attended the Sport School in Bucharest from 1989 to 1991. She graduated from University with a degree in Physical Education in 1994. She is a Master of Sports in Gymnastics (1987) and she has the National Romanian Coaching Certification Level III. Popa has been coaching since 1991. Since 1994 she has been a recreational coach at Flicka Gymnastics, Vancouver, Canada. Popa married fellow former Romanian gymnast Flaviu Toma, longtime head coach and technical director at Flicka. In 2009 she opened her own gym "Celestina Popa Gymnastics" in British Columbia, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="20057274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20057274" title="Powerlifting at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 52 kg">
Powerlifting at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 52 kg

The men's 52 kg powerlifting event at the 2008 Summer Paralympics was contested on 10 September at the Beihang University Gymnasium in Beijing, China. This event was the second-lightest of the men's powerlifting weight classes, limiting competitors to a maximum of of body mass. Powerlifters were divided into two groups, A and B, with group B beginning their lifts at 16:30 and group A at 17:15.
As with all Paralympic powerlifting events, lifters competed in the bench press. Each athlete was allowed three attempts to bench press as much weight as possible. Athletes attempting to break a record were allowed a fourth attempt. For the attempt to be valid, the competitor must have lowered the weighted bar to his chest, held it motionless for a moment, then pressed the bar upwards until his arms were fully extended. If the competitor failed to meet these requirements or any other rule infraction was committed, the attempt was declared invalid by a team of three referees and the result struck from the record.
Results.
Key: NMR=No marks recorded

</doc>
<doc id="20057286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20057286" title="OLIGO Primer Analysis Software">
OLIGO Primer Analysis Software

OLIGO Primer Analysis Software was the first publicly available software for DNA primer design. The first papers describing this software were published in 1989 and 1990, and consecutive upgrades in the 1990-s and 2000-s, all have been cited together over 600 times in scientific journals and over 500 times in patents (according to Scopus). The program is a comprehensive real time PCR primer and probe search and analysis tool, and also does other tasks such as siRNA and molecular beacon searches, open reading frame and restriction enzyme analysis etc. It has been created and maintained by Wojciech Rychlik and Piotr Rychlik. The OLIGO has been reviewed several times in scientific journals, for the first time in 1991 in a review in "Critical Reviews in Biochemistry and Molecular Biology", and for its next upgrades (with OLIGO 7 being the latest one in 2011).
Oligo Primer Analysis Software has been used in various scientific studies (as cited by examples of recent publications), among them for: real time PCR, apoptosis studies, antigen typing, species identification, studies on species evolution, measuring mRNA expression levels, oligonucleotide-based array hybridization studies, degenerate primer studies, microsatellite analysis, DNA microarray detection, inverse PCR, genome walking, nucleotide polymorphisms studies, detection of microorganisms or viruses, genotyping, cloning, vector (gene) construction, genome sequencing, detection of mutants or intraspecific variability, genetic disease studies, siRNA and gene silencing, FISH analysis (single cell expression study), scorpion probes, and development of new DNA amplification methods.

</doc>
<doc id="20057299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20057299" title="Fanny">
Fanny

Fanny may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20057305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20057305" title="Cryptonemiales">
Cryptonemiales

The Cryptonemiales is a defunct algal order; it is synonymous with the Halymeniales and has significant overlap with the Nemastomatales.

</doc>
<doc id="20057312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20057312" title="Against the Wind (Máire Brennan song)">
Against the Wind (Máire Brennan song)

"Against the Wind" is Máire Brennan's first solo single, taken from her 1992 album "Máire". Two covers were made available, one with a sand pattern and the title of the single, the other with a photograph by Tim Jarvis, of Máire and three dancers, superimposed on the sand pattern. A promotional video directed by the Douglas Brothers was made to accompany the single.
The song also appears on Moya Brennan's 2005 live album "Óró - A Live Session" and on 2008's "Heart Strings".

</doc>
<doc id="20057325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20057325" title="Sickle-gloss">
Sickle-gloss

Sickle-gloss, or sickle gloss, is a silica residue found on blades suggesting that they have been used to cut the silica-rich stems of cereals and forming an indirect proof for incipient agriculture. The first documented appearance of sickle-gloss is found on flint knapped blades in the Natufian culture (12,500 to 9500 BC) in the Middle East, primarily in Israel.

</doc>
<doc id="20057333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20057333" title="Lake Nedlouc">
Lake Nedlouc

Lake Nedlouc is the lake on the top plateau of Ungava Peninsula, Quebec, Canada. Nedlouc (on different maps and publications spelled also Nedluc or Nedluk) is Inuktitut word meaning "part of the leg around the knee". Why the lake was named like that is unknown. It is known also by two other Inuktitut names, Nallualuk (meaning unknown) and Tasirtuuq (meaning: "many lakes").
Lake is the source of two rivers, Charpentier River on the north-west and Nedlouc River on the north-east. It consists of two major lakes, one on south-east and one of north-west, connected by series of shallow rapids of Charpentier River and smaller lakes. The area is arctic tundra with few stunted trees.

</doc>
<doc id="20057338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20057338" title="Nemastomatales">
Nemastomatales

Nemastomatales (=Nemastomales) is an order of red alga. It includes some members of the defunct order Cryptonemiales.

</doc>
<doc id="20057340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20057340" title="Evert van Linge">
Evert van Linge

Evert van Linge (19 November 1895 – 6 December 1964) was a Dutch footballer who earned 13 caps for the Dutch national side between 1919 and 1926, scoring three goals. He also participated at the 1924 Summer Olympics.
He was an architect and designed football club Be Quick 1887's Stadion Esserberg.

</doc>
<doc id="20057341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20057341" title="1938–39 Huddersfield Town F.C. season">
1938–39 Huddersfield Town F.C. season

Huddersfield Town's 1938-39 campaign was the last full season of football before the start of World War II. Town would finish 19th in Division 1, but they had another brilliant FA Cup run, following from the previous season's runner-up spot, by reaching the semi-finals, before losing to Portsmouth.
Review.
Town continued their downward spiral, which saw Town fighting in a relegation battle for a major part of the season, but luckily most of the season was highlighted by Town's successes in the FA Cup, following their 5th final appearance the previous season. They reached the semi-final against Portsmouth. They lost the match 2-1 at Highbury. This to date, is their last ever FA Cup semi-final appearance. Town's final league placing was 19th just ahead of Chelsea, Birmingham and Leicester City.

</doc>
<doc id="20057356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20057356" title="The Boy in Blue (1919 film)">
The Boy in Blue (1919 film)

The Boy in Blue ( and also known as "Emerald of Death") is a 1919 silent German drama film directed by F. W. Murnau. It was Murnau's debut film. The film is now considered to be a lost film, though the Deutsche Kinemathek film archive possesses 35 small fragments ranging from two to eleven frames in length. 
Thomas Gainsborough's painting "The Blue Boy" and Oscar Wilde's novel "The Picture of Dorian Gray" were inspirations for Murnau to create this film.

</doc>
<doc id="20057379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20057379" title="The Boy in Blue">
The Boy in Blue

The Boy in Blue may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20057384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20057384" title="Raymond Hull">
Raymond Hull

Raymond Hull (1919–1985) was a Canadian playwright, television screenwriter, and lecturer. He also wrote many non-fiction books, numerous magazine articles, short stories, and poetry. He is best known as the co-author of the book The Peter Principle with Laurence J. Peter. He is also known for the saying "He who trims himself to suit everyone will soon whittle himself away."
He studied creative writing at the University of British Columbia at the age 30 after discovering he had an aptitude for the craft. After graduation he eventually began writing television screenplays for the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation. He later branched into writing for the stage and in time formed The Gastown Players.

</doc>
<doc id="20057395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20057395" title="Noud van Melis">
Noud van Melis

Noud van Melis (10 February 1924 – 8 August 2001) was a Dutch footballer who earned 13 caps for the Dutch national side between 1950 and 1957, scoring 15 goals. He participated at the 1952 Summer Olympics, and played club football for FC Eindhoven. He was born in Eindhoven.

</doc>
<doc id="20057396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20057396" title="Daniel Moscopolites">
Daniel Moscopolites

Daniel of Moscopole or Daniil of Moscopole (1754–1825) (, "Daniil Moschopolitis"; ) (1754–1825) or Mihali Adami Hagi () was an Aromanian scholar from Moscopole, student of Theodoros Kavalliotis, 18th-19th century professor and director of New Academy of Moscopole.
Background.
In 1794, he published in Moscopole the first dictionary of four modern Balkan languages (Greek, Albanian, Aromanian and Bulgarian). Many authors published their works in both Greek and Aromanian, written in the Greek alphabet. With his lexicographic work, Daniel hoped to persuade the Albanians, Aromanians and Bulgarians to abandon their ""barbaric"" tongues and learn Greek, the ""mother of knowledge"". The book was republished in 1802 in Ragusa, Dubrovnik or Venice.
Work.
Daniel in his work "Εισαγωγική Διδασκαλία" ("Introductory instruction"), compiled a combined dictionary of Greek ("Romaika"), Aromanian ("Vlachika"), Bulgarian ("Vulgarika") and Albanian ("Arvanitika"). Daniel invited non-Greek speakers with this dictionary to learn the Greek language:
In this period Moscopole was an important Balkan city, and the cultural and commercial center of the Aromanians, and the site of the first printing press working in the Balkans.

</doc>
<doc id="20057403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20057403" title="William Elsey">
William Elsey

William Edward Elsey was an Anglican bishop in the first half of the 20th century.
He was born into a sporting family on 4 July 1880 and educated at King Edward VI Grammar School, Louth and Lincoln College, Oxford. Ordained in 1905 he was initially a curate at St Faith's Stepney and then its Priest in charge. In 1914 he began a long period of service overseas, firstly as a member of the "Bush Brotherhood of St Boniface" in the Anglican Diocese of Bunbury, Western Australia, then its Warden, following which he was elevated to the Episcopate as Bishop of Kalgoorlie. A chaplain to the Australian Armed Forces during World War II, he retired in 1950 and died on 25 September 1966.

</doc>
<doc id="20057406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20057406" title="Aar Glaciers">
Aar Glaciers

The Aar Glaciers are glaciers located at the sources of the Aar River in the Bernese Alps, Switzerland. They are constituted by two distinct glacier systems:

</doc>
<doc id="20057414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20057414" title="This Comp Kills Fascists Vol. 1">
This Comp Kills Fascists Vol. 1

This Comp Kills Fascists Vol. 1 is a compilation album released by Relapse Records focusing on grindcore and powerviolence bands. The LP was released by Deep Six Records. A limited edition box set of 7 7" records was released in January 2009. The album features 14 bands, 51 tracks and has a total running time of 57 minutes and 4 seconds. The album was compiled by Scott Hull of Pig Destroyer/Agoraphobic Nosebleed fame.
Many song titles and lyrics are politically charged (including the album title), mainly speaking against capitalism and fascism, some claiming that America is a fascist country. The CD artwork features a picture of George W. Bush's head with four L-shaped penises coming from his ears, mouth and top of his head that form to resemble a swastika.

</doc>
<doc id="20057415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20057415" title="Iowa Highway 934">
Iowa Highway 934

Iowa Highway 934 is an unsigned state highway in the cities of Cedar Falls and Waterloo, Iowa. Iowa 934 was created in 1998 after University Avenue was vacated by U.S. Route 218, which had recently moved to a new freeway a few miles north. Iowa 934 extends from the Iowa 27 / Iowa 58 freeway in Cedar Falls, which was constructed at the same time as the US 218 freeway, to U.S. Route 63 (Sergeant Road) in Waterloo.
Route description.
Iowa Highway 934 begins along University Avenue at an interchange with Iowa Highway 27 and Iowa Highway 58 in Cedar Falls. It travels east past College Square Mall and the restaurants which surround it before turning to the southeast at Waterloo Road. University Avenue passes through a residential neighborhood followed by a commercial area dotted with auto dealerships and restaurants.
At Midway Drive, Iowa 934 enters Waterloo, still passing through the commercial area. Just into Waterloo, University Avenue meets Greenhill Road at an unusual partial cloverleaf interchange. From Greenhill Road, Iowa 934 continues southeast, passing many restaurants which serve as a buffer from the road. Just before Ansborough Avenue, Iowa 934 turns to the east, straightening out for the rest of the trip. One half-mile (0.8 km) from its eastern end, University Avenue crosses Black Hawk Creek, a tributary of the Cedar River. Iowa 934 ends at an intersection with Sergeant Road, which serves U.S. Route 63. The intersection with US 63 is less than away from US 63's interchange with U.S. Route 218.
History.
Prior to the creation of Iowa Highway 934, U.S. Route 218 followed University Avenue. As the Leo P. Rooff Expressway was being built, US 218 was gradually rerouted off of University. US 218 had been completely removed from University Avenue by 1997. In 1998, the Iowa Department of Transportation took over the segment of University Avenue from the Iowa Highway 58 expressway to U.S. Route 63, designating it Iowa Highway 934.

</doc>
<doc id="20057424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20057424" title="Arnold Horween">
Arnold Horween

Arnold "Arnie" Horween (originally Arnold Horwitz; also known as A. McMahon; July 7, 1898 – August 5, 1985) was a college and professional American football player and coach. He played and coached both for Harvard and in the National Football League (NFL).
Horween played left halfback, right halfback, fullback, and center for the unbeaten Harvard Crimson football teams of 1919 and 1920, which won the 1920 Rose Bowl Game. He was voted an All American.
He also played four seasons in the NFL, as a fullback, tailback (halfback), and blocking back (quarterback) for the Racine Cardinals and the Chicago Cardinals. He was a player-coach for the Cardinals. Later, he was Harvard's head football coach, from 1925 to 1930.
His brother Ralph Horween was also an All-American football player for Harvard, and also played and coached in the NFL for the Cardinals. They were the last Jewish brothers to play in the NFL until Geoff Schwartz and Mitchell Schwartz, in the 2000s. After retiring from football, Horween and his brother inherited and ran the family leather tannery business, Horween Leather Company.
Early and personal life.
Horween's parents, Isidore and Rose (Rabinoff), immigrated to Chicago from Ukraine in the Russian Empire in 1892. During his youth the family changed its name to Horween from its original name, which was either Horwitz or Horowitz. During his playing days at Harvard he was unmasked as having what an angry contemporary called the "nom de Ghetto" of Horwitz.
Horween was Jewish, and was born in Chicago, Illinois. He was the brother of Ralph Horween, who was two years older. They were the last Jewish brothers to play in the NFL until offensive tackles Geoff Schwartz and Mitchell Schwartz in the 2000s.
He played high school football at center and fullback for four years at Francis W. Parker School. He was captain of the football team in his senior year.
Horween was 5' 11.5" (1.82 m), and weighed 206 pounds (93.4 k). In 1928, he married Marion Eisendrath, daughter of leather tycoon William Eisendrath.
College and Navy career.
Horween followed his older brother to Harvard University, where they played together on the Harvard Crimson football team, in 1916. In his freshman year, he played both football (as a fullback) and baseball (as a pitcher), and was a member of the track team as a shotputter.
The next year he enlisted in the United States Navy during World War I, in April 1917. In October 1917, the Navy had Horween take a special course at Harvard leading to an ensign's officer rank. He was ultimately promoted to the rank of lieutenant, and served in the Atlantic Ocean on a destroyer. He was discharged in 1919, and returned to Harvard.
Horween played left halfback, right halfback, fullback, and center for the Harvard Crimson, and was a First-Team All-American, from 1919 to 1920. In both 1919 and 1920 Harvard was undefeated (9–0–1 and 8–0–1, respectively). In 1919, Donald Grant Herring ranked him the Second-Team fullback on the Princeton-Yale-Harvard composite team.
Horween was unanimously elected the Harvard Crimson's first Jewish captain in 1920. That year, he kicked a field goal against Yale in a 9–0 victory, and a field goal against the Centre Colonels. He was part of the unbeaten 1919 team that won the 1920 Rose Bowl against the Oregon, 7–6, as he kicked the extra point that decided the game, and Harvard relied in part on his running game. It remains the only bowl game appearance in Harvard history.
Harvard's coach called his play "inspiring," and the "New York Times" wrote: The way he smashed through the line was considerable... there were even some protests that this dark-haired, sturdily built Crimson fullback was a little too rough.
In 1920 he was selected All-America first team by a number of newspapers, and was chosen Walter Camp third team All-American. He graduated from Harvard in 1921.
NFL career.
Horween played fullback, tailback, and blocking back (quarterback) in the National Football League for four years, in 32 games, for the Racine Cardinals (in the American Professional Football Association, the predecessor to the NFL) in 1921 and the Chicago Cardinals (as the Cardinals changed their name) from 1922 to 1924. He was a player–coach for the Cardinals from 1923 to 1924.
In 1922–23, Horween appeared in all 11 games and scored 4 rushing touchdowns as the Cardinals were 8–3–0. In 1923–24, the team was 8–4–0. On October 7, 1923, he and his brother both scored in the same game, as he kicked two extra points and his brother ran for a touchdown as the Cardinals beat the Rochester Jeffersons 60–0 at Normal Park in Chicago. On November 12, 1922, he made a long pass to Paddy Driscoll for the game's only touchdown, in a 7–0 victory over the Akron Pros. On December 2, 1923, they did it again, as he kicked a field goal and his brother ran for a touchdown as the Cardinals beat the Oorang Indians, 22–19.
His brother Ralph Horween also played for the Chicago Cardinals. Horween and his brother played for the Cardinals under the alias McMahon (he played as A. McMahon) to protect their family's social status. He kept that name until 1923.
Coaching career at Harvard.
Horween returned to Harvard as the school's head football coach from 1925 to 1930, compiling a record of 21–17–3. The "New York Sun" reported: The boys are for him unreservedly. It is no, secret, however, that Horween's appointment didn't please the Beacon Street-Park Avenue element among the grads. The clique that supported the old regime would prefer to see a Cabot or a Wendell, we use the names as symbols, in the saddle...
He structured the team's approach after the professional game, and appointed the first non-Harvard alumni to the football team's coaching staff. Charlie Devens, who later played baseball for the New York Yankees, recalled that when he played football under Horween at Harvard, when the team faced Michigan in Ann Arbor, anti-Semitic posters were displayed, aimed at Coach Horween.
Horween and his fiancee, who were engaged for some time, had agreed to postpone getting married until Harvard defeated Yale. When Harvard defeated Yale in November 1928, the couple got married days later. He resigned following the 1930 season, despite requests from faculty and students that he remain.
Horween Leather Company.
After retiring from football, Horween returned to Chicago in 1930, and he and his brother inherited the family leather tannery business, Horween Leather Company, which had been founded by their father in Chicago in 1905. He operated the business, a successful company that supplied (and still supplies) the leather for Wilson's NFL official football, from 1949–84.
In 1945, he coached the football team of his former high school, Francis Parker.
In 1952, he was vice president of the Chicago Symphony Orchestra. He also served as a trustee of the Chicago Symphony, and on the Harvard University board of overseers.

</doc>
<doc id="20057454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20057454" title="Norman Barry">
Norman Barry

Norman Christopher Barry (December 25, 1897 - October 13, 1988) was an American football coach. He was the head coach for the National Football League's Chicago Cardinals from 1925 to 1926. With Norman Barry as head coach the Cardinals outdistanced a field of 20 teams to win their first NFL championship in 1925 by virtue of the league's best record. In two seasons he compiled a record of 16-10-2. Prior to his coaching career, he played in the early NFL for the Cardinals, Green Bay Packers and Milwaukee Badgers.
Judge Barry was George Gipp`s teammate at the University of Notre Dame and was a three-term member of the Illinois State Senate and a Cook County judge for 25 years.

</doc>
<doc id="20057455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20057455" title="Wanda R. Smith High School">
Wanda R. Smith High School

Wanda R. Smith High School is a 2A Christian high school located in Keene, Texas and is part of the Keene Independent School District. In 2010, the school was rated "Academically Acceptable" by the Texas Education Agency. The school has been given a bronze rating from U.S. News & World Report, who ranked it as one of the best schools in Texas.
History.
Students in Keene were served by Cleburne High School prior to the establishment of 
Keene High School, which saw its first graduating class in 1991. The school was later renamed in honor of Wanda R. Smith, former superintendent of Keene ISD.
Campus.
Wanda R. Smith High School is part of the district campus which includes the elementary, intermediate, and junior high schools. The high school facilities include 20 classrooms, a library, a gymnasium, a cross country course, and a field where a track is built.
Currently new facilities are being built to expand the size of the campus.
Curriculum.
In addition to the state-required curriculum, the school plans to offer vocational education through an agriculture science and technology program.
Extracurricular activities.
Student groups and activities include Beta Club, FCCLA, National Honor Society, and student council.
Athletics.
The Keene Smith Chargers compete in basketball, cross country, golf, tennis, track and volleyball.

</doc>
<doc id="20057471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20057471" title="Trento DOC">
Trento DOC

Trento DOC ("Denominazione di origine controllata") is an appellation for white and "rosé" sparkling wine made in Trentino, Italy. Trentinos developed this appellation, the second in the world after Méthode Champenoise for Champagne, to ensure the highest quality and distinction. The region’s pristine alpine setting ensures pure, clean air and water, excellent soil, and a wide temperature variation between day and night, which aids flavor development. Grape varieties of Chardonnay, Pinot noir, and Pinot Meunier with Pinot blanc are permitted, and they must be grown in a well-defined area within the Province of Trento
History.
Chardonnay grapes were first brought to the region from France around 1900 by Giulio Ferrari when Trento was still part of the Austro-Hungarian Empire. After graduating from the Forschungsanstalt für Garten- und Weinbau in Geisenheim/Rheingau, Germany, Ferrari gained winemaking experience in the French Champagne producing village of Épernay. His eponymous company is now run by the third generation Ferrari's successor, Bruno Lunelli.
Vineyards.
Besides Ferrari, there are currently more than twenty vineyards producing Trento DOC, including Cavit, the largest cooperative in the province with some 65% of production and whose Pinot grigio is widely exported but produced under a different DOC designation in the Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol wine region; Rotari, who specialize in sparkling wine and also use the Talento identification; and Cesarini Sforza, founded in 1974 by a group of wine entrepreneurs who focus on spumante.
Winemaking.
As with Méthode Champenoise, the second fermentation for sparkling Trento must occur in the bottle, which is riddled in the same way as champagne and then disgorged by freezing a small amount of wine in the neck of the bottle and removing the plug of ice containing the lees. 
Trento DOC has more rigorous requirements than Methodo Claissico or Méthode Champenoise: The wine has to be made using techniques characteristic of the region, including how the vines are planted, cultivated, pruned, and hand-harvested (e.g., see photo of 'Pergola Trentino'). Forcing is not permitted, irrigation is allowed only as an emergency measure, maximum vine yield is 150 q.l. per hectare for all varietals, and maximum grape yield is 70%. The wines must rest for a minimum of 15 months on their lees for non-vintage, 24 months for vintage, and 36 for riserva. Minimum alcohol content must be 11.5%, or 12% for riserva. Thus ensuring Trento DOC on the label means the wine is of the highest quality and made using these very strict standards.
Trento DOC wines are distinguished by a delicate, rich bouquet, a dry, smooth, rounded and elegant flavor, and a straw-yellow color, characteristics which make the wines favorites around the world.
While there are no DOC restrictions on the exact proportions of the blend, the grape varieties used in Trento DOC are limited to Chardonnay, Pinot noir, Pinot Meunier and Pinot blanc. After secondary fermentation, the wines must rest on their lees for a minimum of 15 months for non-vintage wines, 24 months for vintage wines and 36 months for wines labeled as "Riserva". The alcohol level for the finished wines must be a minimum of 11.5% for non-vintage and vintage wines and 12% for "Riserva" wines.

</doc>
<doc id="20057485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20057485" title="Wim Tap">
Wim Tap

Wim Tap (3 October 1903 – 24 September 1979) was a Dutch footballer who played club football for ADO Den Haag. He also earned 33 caps for the Dutch national side between 1925 and 1931, scoring 17 goals, and participated at the 1928 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="20057489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20057489" title="John Oliver Frank Kingman">
John Oliver Frank Kingman

John Oliver Frank Kingman (born 24 April 1969) is a civil servant, and is the son of Sir John Frank Charles Kingman.
He was Second Permanent Secretary and managing director, public services and growth directorate at HM Treasury. On 3 November, 2008 he was appointed as chief executive of UK Financial Investments Limited.

</doc>
<doc id="20057492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20057492" title="Jealous Heart (song)">
Jealous Heart (song)

"Jealous Heart" was Máire Brennan's second solo single, taken from her album "Máire" released the same year. The cover features a photograph by the Douglas Brothers. A promotional video directed by the Douglas Brothers was also produced. The title track of the single was written by Christie Hennessy.

</doc>
<doc id="20057506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20057506" title="Dewey Scanlon">
Dewey Scanlon

Dewey D. Scanlon (August 16, 1899 - September 24, 1944) was an American football coach, and was the head coach for the National Football League's Duluth Kelleys/Eskimos from 1924 to 1926 and for the Chicago Cardinals in 1929. As an NFL head coach, he compiled a record of 17-15-4 in four seasons. He also appeared in one game as a wingback for Duluth in 1926. Scanlon was born in West Duluth, Minnesota and attended Valparaiso University.

</doc>
<doc id="20057522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20057522" title="Grays Bay">
Grays Bay

Grays Bay is an Arctic waterway in Kitikmeot Region, Nunavut, Canada. It is located in Coronation Gulf. Hepburn Island is located at its mouth. The Tree River and the Annielik River flow into the bay.
It is the ancestral home of the Kogluktuaryumiut, a Copper Inuit subgroup.
Grays Bay is on the Northwest Passage route. 
Northwest Passage.
Grays Bay was proposed as the site of a potential dock facility. In 2007 Wolfden Resources received a favourable review "for its copper/zinc mine proposal from the Nunavut Impact Review Board (NIRB)." The proposal included plans for a 53-kilometre all-weather road that would include a dock facility at Grays Bay on the Coronation Gulf, and will parallel the Kennartic River to the mine site at High Lake."
Minerals and Metals Group's, MMG Minerals, a subsidiary of the Chinese state-owned Minmetals Resources Ltd., has also proposed a port "that could accommodate ships of up to 50,000 tonnes that would make 16 round trips a year — both east and west —through the Northwest Passage" and a "350-kilometre all-weather road with 70 bridges that would stretch from Izok Lake to Grays Bay." The multi-billion dollar Izok Corridor project is projected to produce 180,000 tonnes of zinc and another 50,000 tonnes of copper a year. In order to do this "Izok Lake would be drained, the water dammed and diverted to a nearby lake. Three smaller lakes at High Lake would also be drained. Grays Bay would be substantially filled in."
In their August 2012 proposal which has since been revised, MMG Minerals described the planned facilities at the Grays Bay Port that would "include a dock, concentration storage shed, fuel storage facilities and a camp. These facilities will support storage of concentrate, loading of bulk-carrier ships, and re-supply of fuel and goods for the Project." The Grays Bay port would be open three months of the year to "ship ore in two directions through both ends of the Northwest Passage."

</doc>
<doc id="20057529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20057529" title="Edgerton Bible Case">
Edgerton Bible Case

The Edgerton Bible Case was an important court case involving prayer in public schools in Wisconsin. In the early days of Edgerton, Wisconsin, it was common practice for public school teachers to read aloud from the King James Bible to their students. In 1886, Roman Catholic parents protested this practice to the school board, citing their belief that the Douay version of the Bible was the only correct translation for their children. 
After failing to convince the school board to end the practice, the parents took their case to court. In November 1888 the circuit court decided that the readings were not sectarian because both translations were of the same work. The parents took their case to the Wisconsin Supreme Court. 
In State ex rel Weiss v. District Board 76 Wis. 177 (1890), 3, otherwise known as the Edgerton Bible Case, the judges overruled the circuit court's decision, concluding that it illegally united the functions of church and state. 
In 1963, the United States Supreme Court banned government-sponsored compulsory prayer from public schools (see Abington School District v. Schempp), and Justice William Brennan, Jr. cited the Edgerton Bible Case in his decision.

</doc>
<doc id="20057537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20057537" title="Journal of Religion and Film">
Journal of Religion and Film

The Journal of Religion and Film is an online, academic journal that "examines the description, critique, and embodiment of religion in film". Dr. William L. Blizek and the late Dr. Ronald Burke, both professors in the Department of Philosophy and Religion at the University of Nebraska at Omaha, founded the journal in 1997.
They became interested in the subject of religion and film after hearing Father Andrew Greeley, author and sociologist, speak about images of God in popular movies. Following his discussion, they rented the films of which he had spoken, trying to see if they, too, could find the images of God. "Sometimes we did, and sometimes we did not, but in either case we found the consideration of religion and movies to be fascinating and enjoyable," the professors stated in an April 1997 editorial. The next step was to offer a course at the University of Nebraska at Omaha. 
"Our discussions were lively and intellectually stimulating in ways that the discussions in other classes were not, and so we wanted to continue to explore issues of religion and film. Unfortunately, there was no single source we could turn to in order to find out what others were thinking and saying about religion and film. The result of this is the establishment of "The Journal of Religion and Film"", they wrote.
The "Journal" was put online for a number of reasons. First, they believed that by using the Internet, they would reach more readers from a variety of academic backgrounds. After all, religion and film is a very interdisciplinary field. Second, they felt that it allowed for better interaction between authors and readers. And third, they wanted the possibility of using film clips to demonstrate points made by the writers. The first issue included four essays provided by Father Greeley, Dr. Carl Greiner, a psychiatrist at the University of Nebraska Medical Center3; Dr. Mike Gillespie, philosophy professor at the University of Nebraska at Omaha; and Dr. Gregory Robbins.
As the "Journal" evolved, discussion moved from statements about specific organized religions to the intersections between religion and film. Contributors have looked at how films make comment on popular "myths," how films that seem to be about particular religions might be interpreted in terms of religion in general, how films can be used to teach religion, and even how watching a film itself can create a religious experience.
Although "art house," foreign and English language, films such as "Babette's Feast" and "Adam's Apples", have been discussed in the "Journal", scholars have also turned their attention to blockbuster films, such as "Armageddon" and "Backdraft." In addition to articles, the "Journal" includes book reviews, short film reviews, and an annual report from the Sundance Film Festival in Park City, Utah.
The "Journal of Religion and Film" is more than just a place where scholars express their opinion about films. It provides a forum where readers and authors can interact. It is published twice a year: in April and October. The current editor is Dr. Michele Desmarais. Associate editors are Julien R. Fielding, Dr. Guy Matalon, and Dr. Paul Allen Williams. Dr. Ruby Ramji is the film editor, the managing editor is Kathryn Cox Schwartz and Dr. William L. Blizek serves as Founding editor and advisor for the Journal.

</doc>
<doc id="20057540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20057540" title="Live from Le Cabaret">
Live from Le Cabaret

Live from Le Cabaret is Maroon 5's third live album, released on July 8 as an iTunes-exclusive download. It was recorded at Le Cabaret in Montreal, Quebec on June 13, 2007. A DVD version of the concert was included in the re-release of the group's previous studio album, "It Won't Be Soon Before Long".

</doc>
<doc id="20057560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20057560" title="Unstoppable global warming">
Unstoppable global warming

Unstoppable global warming may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20057564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20057564" title="Milan Creighton">
Milan Creighton

Milan Standish Creighton (1908–1998) was an American football coach, and was the head coach for the National Football League's Chicago Cardinals from 1935 to 1938. As the coach of the Cardinals, he compiled a record of 16-26-4 in four seasons and also played seven years for the team.
Prior to his professional career, Creighton played college football at the University of Arkansas, where he earned three letters in football between 1928-1930 and served as team captain for the Razorbacks football team in 1930. While also at Arkansas, he also earned three letter as a member of the Razorbacks basketball team between 1929-31, and was a two-time All-Southwestern Conference honoree in 1930 and 1931. In 1931 he was Arkansas' only individual to earn All-Southwest Conference honors. 
After leaving the NFL, Creighton went on to coach high school football at Hot Springs High School, where he compiled a record of 44-16-4.

</doc>
<doc id="20057567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20057567" title="LOT Flight 703">
LOT Flight 703

LOT Polish Airlines Flight 703 was a plane that crash-landed about north of Rogóżno railway station, on 2 November 1988. In the accident one person was killed and several were seriously injured.
Flight.
The plane, an Antonov An-24W, registered SP-LTD, named "Dunajec", took off from Okęcie airport, Warsaw for regional flight 703 to Rzeszów-Jasionka Airport. It had 25 passengers on board (including the famous radio presenter Tomasz Beksiński) and four crew members. The captain was Kazimierz Rożek (with 30 years of experience) and the co-pilot was Waldemar Wolski. The emergency situation started about two minutes before the planned landing, at 10:25, when the plane was flying east to runway 27. According to officials, pilots turned on the anti-icing installation too late and, during approach, both engines immediately shut down because of icing of the engine intakes. Just after that, Rożek and Wolski, knowing that they would not reach the airport, started an emergency descent, which ended in a glade.
Crash-landing and evacuation.
The aircraft landed on a glade with much speed . It became airborne above a drainage ditch and crashed further on. In the moment of crash-landing, one person - a 69-year-old woman from Rzeszów - was killed. Within several seconds after the crash, two stewardess and two militia officers evacuated all passengers from the aircraft, which quickly became ablaze.
Aftermath.
The crash-landing has been the last air crash in Polish commercial aviation so far. It was one of the main reasons for which LOT Polish Airlines removed all An-24 served planes (this particular aircraft was 22 years old) and replaced them with ATR 42 and ATR 72.

</doc>
<doc id="20057591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20057591" title="You are a Supermodel (cycle 1)">
You are a Supermodel (cycle 1)

You are a Supermodel, Cycle 1 () was the first Cycle of the Russian reality show on the STS TV channel, a competition of non-professional aspiring models for a contract with the international model agency Of Next and a prize of $250.000. Fyodor Bondarchuk was the host of the show.
Its best-known winner is then-17 year old Ksenia Kahnovich who since the time of her victory gained a great deal of success as a model; she walked for big names such as Versace, Louis Vuitton, Christian Dior and Dolce and Gabbana in New York, Paris and Milan fashion shows.
Each episode the 13 chosen finalists, who lived together in the Novohotel in Moscow, faced different competitions in modeling, sports and entertainment with an elimination round at the end of each episode where one or more of them were sent home.
When judges' favourite Alexandra "Sasha" Oleynik placed in the bottom two in episode 4, she asked to be eliminated to free her to compete in a beauty pageant held at the same time—she was the reigning Miss Ukraine at that time—however when she saved, Oleynik decided to quit anyway making room for Barbara Serova, who was not among the semi-finalists from episode 1. After the beauty pageant was over, Oleynik was allowed to re-enter the competition when her replacement was eliminated. Oleynik went on to achieve the first runner-up position on the show.
Episode Guide.
Episode 1: 13 of 20.
After casting calls all over Russia, the 20 semifinals arrive in the Novohotel in Moscow for their final audition in hopes of being one of the 13 finalists for the competition. After all the cellphones are removed, the girls prepare for the first test shooting in swimsuits with natural make-up and simple hair styling. After a brief individual interview, the girls await their verdict at the very first judging panel where the general consensus is that many girls proved to have a lot of potential and seem to be able to learn what it takes to survive in the modeling business. Olga Shekerova is praised for the expressiveness of the mimicry of her face while Elena Umnova remains doubtful about her future in the competition due to her comparatively advanced age of 22 but sees a supporter in judge Tatiana Mikhalkova, president of the charitable foundation "Russian silhouette" who states that Umnova fits the two main things for her to be a professional model: face and figure. Both girls are sent into the next round along with 11 others to move into the model apartment in the Novohotel while seven hopefuls are eliminated.

</doc>
<doc id="20057593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20057593" title="Powerlifting at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 56 kg">
Powerlifting at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 56 kg

The men's 56 kg powerlifting event at the 2008 Summer Paralympics was contested on 11 September at the Beihang University Gymnasium in Beijing, China. This event was the third-lightest of the men's powerlifting weight classes, limiting competitors to a maximum of of body mass. Powerlifters were divided into two groups, A and B, with group B beginning their lifts at 13:00 and group A at 13:45.
As with all Paralympic powerlifting events, lifters competed in the bench press. Each athlete was allowed three attempts to bench press as much weight as possible. Athletes attempting to break a record were allowed a fourth attempt. For the attempt to be valid, the competitor must have lowered the weighted bar to his chest, held it motionless for a moment, then pressed the bar upwards until his arms were fully extended. If the competitor failed to meet these requirements or any other rule infraction was committed, the attempt was declared invalid by a team of three referees and the result struck from the record.
Results.
Key: WR=World record

</doc>
<doc id="20057603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20057603" title="Moneypaper Inc">
Moneypaper Inc

The Moneypaper, Inc. is a publishing company that specializes in financial news and information. It was founded with the mission to provide information to small-scale investors who "thought that investing was too hard and too dangerous." It previously published under the name of Temper of the Times Communications, Inc., before it was renamed after its monthly financial newsletter in 1996.
Currently it distributes three different publications: "The Moneypaper", a monthly financial newsletter, "Direct Investing", a bi-weekly publication, and "The Moneypaper’s Guide to Direct Investing", an annual guide to publicly traded companies that offer Dividend Reinvestment Plans.
The Moneypaper, Inc. also maintains a website that contains a database of every company that offers a Dividend reinvestment program; in 2010, this database was used by The Motley Fool in one of its articles extolling the virtues of DRIP investing.

</doc>
<doc id="20057604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20057604" title="Mike Tuviera">
Mike Tuviera

Michael Tuviera is an acclaimed Filipino film director, TV director and music video director. He is known for his stylized filming techniques. He is the son of TAPE Inc. chairman, Antonio Tuviera.
He frequently works with Eugene Domingo; and his contemporaries include Topel Lee, Mark A. Reyes and Dominic Zapata.

</doc>
<doc id="20057621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20057621" title="Eggen (Norwegian surname)">
Eggen (Norwegian surname)

Eggen is a Norwegian surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="20057633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20057633" title="Election silence">
Election silence

Election silence, pre-election silence, electoral silence, or campaign silence is a ban on political campaigning prior to a presidential or general election. Some jurisdictions have declared that, legally, election silence is in violation of law regarding freedom of speech. It is however used in some of the world's democracies "in order to balance out the campaigning and maintain a free voting environment".
Description.
An election silence operates in some countries to allow a period for voters to reflect on events before casting their votes. During this period no active campaigning by the candidates is allowed. Often polling is also banned. The silence is generally legally enforced, though in some countries it is just a "gentlemen's agreement" between leading parties.
The US Supreme Court has ruled that campaigning can only be limited on election day in a small area around the polling station. Any broader ban on speech would be unconstitutional. In Bulgaria, the constitutional court ruled in 2009 that both electoral silence and ban on opinion polls before the election day represented a violation of freedom of speech. The Constitutional Court of Hungary ruled in 2007 that ban on opinion polls was unconstitutional, but upheld electoral silence. The Constitutional Court of Slovenia ruled in 2011 that a ban on opinion polls was unconstitutional.
The most common phrase used in English is "blackout period".
Distribution.
Election silences are observed in the following countries, amongst others. Their duration, prior to the election, is given in brackets:
The ACE project shows a map of blackout periods around the world.

</doc>
<doc id="20057634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20057634" title="Dolf van Kol">
Dolf van Kol

Dolf van Kol (2 August 1902 – 20 January 1989) was a Dutch footballer who earned 33 caps for the Dutch national side between 1925 and 1931, scoring four goals. He also participated at the 1928 Summer Olympics. He played club football for Ajax, and would later go on to manage Ajax from 1942 to 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="20057660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20057660" title="YMCA Camp Minikani">
YMCA Camp Minikani

YMCA Camp Minikani is a residential summer camp located along the shores of Lake Amy Belle in Hubertus, Wisconsin, in Washington County, Wisconsin, United States. YMCA was established in 1919 by the Milwaukee YMCA. Minikani is also home to one of the cleanest lakes in Wisconsin, Mud Lake. At its conception, Minikani served as a summer camp for boys living in the Milwaukee Area who came for two weeks to learn camp skills and participated in competitive athletic events. Minikani has since transformed to a co-ed camp that has shifted from competitive activities to challenge by choice to eliminate the emotional pressure of competitions. Minikani still offers its traditional summer programs such as the Pioneer Unit, Indian Unit, and the Explorer Unit and has since began to offer Day Camp and Equestrian Camps.
The meaning of Minikani.
The meaning of the word Minikani stems from Native American roots and is believed to have a double meaning. In Menomonee, the word Menukunee means, "a place of beginnings", and in Chippewa a different word, Minikani, means "a place where seeds are planted.". This double meaning is appropriate to the mission of YMCA summer camps to provide a place for children to participate in new activities and become comfortable in social settings with other campers.
Minikani through the decades.
Minikani was established in 1919 as a residential summer camp for young boys from the age of eight to sixteen to participate in outdoor camping skills and athletic competition. The boys would be trained in from Milwaukee to stay for two weeks where they stayed in teepee's. During their training, they would learn camp craft skills that included woodworking, setting up "gypsy camps," and other skills with both axes and saws.
Following the great depression, the teepee's were replaced by 16 cabins and a leadership lodge to give Minikani a more resident camp feel. Activities in this era were centered around competitiveness. In the 1940s, Minikani expanded its original to and had added horseback riding and boxing, among other activities. Camp continued throughout World War II offering children escape from the harsh reality of the war.
In the 1960s camp shifted from competitive activities to more challenge by choice activities that didn't bring about pressures from competition. In 1967, Minikani offered its first girls overnight camp program. In the 1980s Minikani started a Leadership Training program which has since become its staple program in developing young campers into responsible counselors. In 2006, Minikani added an equestrian center and added a day camp option to its list of summer programs.
Pioneer and Indian Units.
The Pioneer and Indian Units is the resident boys and girls summer program for campers from ages seven to thirteen. Campers have the option of attending for one week or two weeks where they participate in many activities such as sailing, boating, archery, camp skills, nature, rock climbing and ropes course, horseback riding, swimming, frisbee golf, soccer, .22 rifle and air rifle.
Explorer Unit.
By far the most popular unit at camp, the Explorer Unit allows campers to attend camp for one week to learn outdoor camping and adventure skills followed by the second week on a camping trip in the Nicolet National Forest in northern Wisconsin, up until 2009. In 2009 the Explorers, due to the old site looking overrun, has relocated to Camp Birch Rock YMCA camp's outer edge for the main site. The Explorer develops whitewater canoeing skills, backpacking skills, the knowledge to maintain a clean and efficient base camp, and the ability to build strong relationships. Campers in the explorer program are ages 13 and 14 and are paired with a brother and sister cabin for the week up north. This is also the feeder program into the Leadership Training program, which develops the leadership skills to become a full-time counselor at camp.
Equestrian and Day Camp programs.
Recently added in 2006 due to a neighbor camp closing, Minikani inherited the equestrian and day camp programs. An equestrian center was constructed on a newly purchased plot of land that allows for resident or day equestrian programs. These campers train with a knowledgeable instructional staff and learn horse care and riding techniques. The day camp program allows campers to participate in the same individual activities and the residential campers with afternoon group activities with the rest of the unit.

</doc>
<doc id="20057679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20057679" title="A. Kingsley Macomber">
A. Kingsley Macomber

Abraham Kingsley Macomber (March 7, 1874 - October 6, 1955) was an American adventurer, businessman, philanthropist, Thoroughbred-racehorse owner and breeder. He was born in Morristown, New Jersey, the second of the three sons of Henry Kirke Macomber, a medical doctor who moved his family to Pasadena, California in 1883.
African adventurer.
As a young man, in 1894 Kingsley Macomber explored parts of Central Africa at the invitation of American adventurer Frederick Russell Burnham. With Burnham and seven other Americans, he spent six months surveying and mapping in an area that today is known as Zimbabwe.
When hostilities broke out between the native Matabeles and the white intruders, Macomber escaped a massacre but then was caught in the Siege of Bulawayo. A small group of British and a few Americans held off attacks for two months at a hastily erected laager at Bulawayo until being rescued by the British military. Macomber soon left Africa and traveled to London, England where he was honored with a Fellowship in the Royal Geographical Society. In December 1896, he returned to the United States.
Kingsley Macomber's time in Africa led to a lifelong friendship with Frederick Burnham and years later in 1939, Burnham, Macomber and John Eagle gifted a natural history collection to the state of Arizona. Although largely African, the significant collection included artifacts gathered worldwide.
In 1899, in New York City, Kingsley Macomber married heiress Myrtle Harkness, the daughter of the wealthy Lamon V. Harkness, one of the largest stockholders in Standard Oil. The couple maintained residences on both coasts.
Business career.
At the end of the nineteenth century, Macomber and a partner established a business that operated a coal mine in Gallup, New Mexico and undertook prospecting and mining ventures in the Cascade and Pacific Coast ranges.
In 1902, Macomber became a founding owner and first president of the Los Angeles Trust Company, which, in 1905, became a part of a multi-bank amalgamation.
In 1905, Kingsley Macomber, Henry E. Huntington, and William R. Staats developed the Oak Knoll subdivision in terrain between Pasadena and San Marino, California. 
In 1906, Macomber purchased Rancho Cienega de los Paicines, a cattle breeding operation located in Paicines, California. He invested a great deal of money in a new home as well as stables to facilitate the introduction of thoroughbred horses to the operation. He kept a private railcar at nearby Tres Pinos, which allowed him and his wife to travel to horse-racing venues throughout the country. After World War I, the Macombers made a chateau in France their primary residence, and, in 1927, sold the Paicines ranch to Walter Murphy.
Thoroughbred racing.
From 1892 until her marriage to Kingsley Macomber, Myrtle Harkness had spent much time around horses at her father's Walnut Hall Farm near Lexington, Kentucky. With both having considerable interest and history with horses, Kingsley and Myrtle Macomber became major international figures in the sport of Thoroughbred horse racing. 
In 1918, Kingsley Macomber's colt War Cloud ran fourth in the Kentucky Derby then won the Preakness Stakes. Of his six Kentucky Derby runners, Star Hawk had the best result when he ran second in 1916. Other Macomber horses won a number of important American races including the Travers Stakes, Suburban Handicap, and Withers Stakes. In 1911, virtually all horse racing in the United States shut down as a result of government legislation that banned parimutuel betting. As a consequence, Macomber and several notable American stable owners shifted their racing operations to England and France. While the ban on wagering was lifted within two years, and racing returned to U.S. tracks, many owners retained large operations in Europe, and, by 1925, Macomber had more than one hundred horses in training in England. Nonetheless, he supported California racing, and, in 1923, he became a founding member and Director of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club, headed by Adolph B. Spreckels.
The "Macomber Family Collection about Race Horse Breeding" is at the Department of Special Collections in the University of California, Los Angeles library. The collection is made up of photographs, ephemera, an album, and a catalog relative to the horse-breeding and ranching interests of Dr. Henry Macomber, A. Kingsley Macomber, and John Kingsley Macomber.
Life and racing in France.
During the second decade of the 20th Century, Kingsley Macomber was a frequent visitor to Europe and, around 1919, he purchased the Haras de Cheffreville horse breeding farm. A few years later he acquired two properties owned by a fellow American, William K. Vanderbilt: the Haras du Quesnay breeding farm in Normandy, and a chateau at Carrières-sous-Poissy, which included a stable for Thoroughbreds, a training track, and bloodstock of approximately one hundred and fifty mares and sires, including the great Maintenon. The Carrières-sous-Poissy property, located near the Maisons-Laffitte Racecourse, was on the Paris-to-Deauville railway line, making for easy shipping of horses to the Deauville Racecourse.
Thoroughbreds owned by Macomber won major races in France and England. Notably, in 1923, his colt Parth won the prestigious Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe at Longchamp Racecourse, and Gold Bridge won back-to-back runnings of the King's Stand Stakes at Royal Ascot in 1933 and 1934.
Part of Parisian high society, according to his obituary in "Sports Illustrated", Macomber was hailed as the "undisputed head of American society in Europe." He served as president of the American Hospital of Paris from 1926 to 1928.
Philanthropy.
Macomber was a lover of military history; his father had served with the Union Army during the American Civil War. While living in France he promoted the important historic relationship between that country and the United States. In 1931 he commissioned a monument of Admiral François Joseph Paul de Grasse which was erected at the Trocadero Palace in Paris. During the American Revolutionary War De Grasse had commanded the 1781 French fleet which blocked the British retreat from Yorktown and made possible the American victory.
In 1934, Macomber donated another American Revolutionary War statue to the city of Newport, Rhode Island. The sculpture of French General Rochambeau is a replica of one in Paris. It was from Newport that General Rochambeau departed with his army to join General George Washington and march on to Yorktown.
Macomber also patronized the game of tennis. In the 1920s and 1930s he supported the A. K. Macomber tournament at Monte Carlo.
A. Kingsley Macomber died in on October 6, 1955 in Paris, France. He is buried in Cannes, France alongside Howard Burnham, a fellow American and spy for France who was also the brother of Frederick Russell Burnham.

</doc>
<doc id="20057685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20057685" title="Riddim Fingaz">
Riddim Fingaz

Riddim Fingaz is a Florida based music production company formed by Chris Garvey a native of Jamaica,Riddim Fingaz has produced tracks for Wayne Wonder, Trey Songz, Raptile, Kymani Marley, Shabba Ranks, Mya, Patra, Elephant Man, Sean Paul, Gyptian.

</doc>
<doc id="20057710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20057710" title="Satan (1920 film)">
Satan (1920 film)

Satan () is a 1920 silent German drama film directed by F. W. Murnau. A fragment of the film is kept in the Cinémathèque Française film archive. 

</doc>
<doc id="20057721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20057721" title="Market Revolution">
Market Revolution

The Market Revolution (1793–1909) in the United States was a drastic change in how manual labor was conducted in the United States. This development was marked by improvements in how goods were processed and fabricated as well as by a transformation of how labor was organized to process trade goods for consumption. Traditional commerce was made obsolete by improvements in transportation and communication. This change prompted the reincarnation of the mercantilism ideas that were thought to have died out. Increased industrialization was a major component of the Market Revolution as a result of the Industrial Revolution. Northern cities started to have a more powerful economy, while most southern cities (with the marked exception of free labor metropolises like St. Louis, Baltimore, and New Orleans) resisted the influence of market forces in favor of the region's "peculiar institution."
It also was in part influenced by the need for national mobility, shown to be a problem during the War of 1812, after which the government increased production of early roads, extensive canals along navigable waterways, and later elaborate railroad networks.
Following the War of 1812, the American economy was altered from an economy dependent on imports from Europe to one that evolved greater internal production and commerce. In 1817 James Monroe replaced James Madison as president of the U.S. The Republicans continued policies begun in Jefferson’s administration. With a new generation of leaders the Republican Party came to embrace the principles of government activism and the development of large-scale domestic manufacturing. Despite all of the promises that characterized the United States, discrepancies loomed: the survival of slavery, treatment of the Indians, the deterioration of some urban areas, and a mania for speculation. The nation was not just growing through the addition of land, but population shifts brought about new states to the Union and when Missouri petitioned for statehood in 1819, the issue of slavery was thrust on the national agenda. Thomas Jefferson wrote that the issue awakened him "like a firebell in the night." That the Missouri question coincided with the nation’s worst financial crisis awakened anxieties in many Americans. By the 1820s Americans recognized a rough regional specialization: plantation-style export agriculture in the south, a north built on business and trade, and a frontier west. The regions were interdependent but in time their differences would become more obvious, more important, and increasingly more incompatible.
The market revolution also brought about a change in industry and agriculture. Eli Whitney perfected a system of producing muskets with interchangeable parts. Prior to Whitney’s invention, most muskets—and all other goods—had been handmade with parts especially designed for each particular musket. The trigger of one musket, for example, could not be used to replace a broken trigger on another musket. With interchangeable parts, however, all triggers fit the same model of musket, as did all ramrods, all flash pans, all hammers, and all bullets. Manufacturers in many different industries soon took advantage of Whitney’s invention to make a variety of goods with interchangeable parts.
Many new products revolutionized agriculture in the West. John Deere, for example, invented a horse-pulled steel plow to replace the difficult oxen-driven wooden plows that farmers had used for centuries. The steel plow allowed farmers to till soil faster and more cheaply without having to make repairs as often.
In the 1830s, Cyrus McCormick invented a mechanical mower-reaper that quintupled the efficiency of wheat farming. Prior to the mower-reaper, wheat farming had been too difficult, so farmers had instead produced corn, which was less profitable. As in the South after the cotton gin, farmers in the West raked in huge profits as they acquired more lands to plant more and more wheat. More important, farmers for the first time began producing more wheat than the West could consume. Rather than let it go to waste, they began to transport crop surpluses to sell in the manufacturing Northeast.
The market revolution further exacerbated sectional tensions in the United States. As King Cotton became the primary crop in the South, the need for increase in labor arose; thus, the South increased its use of slaves in producing crops. The North and European countries banned slavery in their countries/regions, and attempted to push the South to abolish slavery as well. The slave trade ended, but slavery did not end. As the textile industry in the North drastically increased, changing women and children's roles and further revolutionizing family structure, the demand for raw products such as cotton increased, meaning an increase in the South's demand for more labor. Ironically, this Northern demand for more cotton for the textile industry increased the Southern demand for slavery, making it harder for the North to end slavery in the South. This increase of labor and industry brought the United States into the world picture for economy and commerce, planting the seed for the United States to increase in wealth and power.
John Lauritz Larson also references these transformations in his book, "The Market Revolution in America: Liberty, Ambition, and the Eclipse of the Common Good".

</doc>
<doc id="20057729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20057729" title="Triftsee">
Triftsee

The Triftsee is a lake in the Urner Alps near Gadmen in the canton of Berne, Switzerland. It was formed recently (after 2002) by the melting of the lower part of Trift Glacier.

</doc>
<doc id="20057738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20057738" title="BMW Sauber F1.09">
BMW Sauber F1.09

The BMW Sauber F1.09 was BMW Sauber's Formula One motor racing car for the 2009 Formula One season. The car was launched on January 20, 2009 at Circuit de Valencia located in Valencia, Spain. It was driven by Robert Kubica and Nick Heidfeld, both retained from 2008.
After the team's impressive performance in 2008, winning their first race and coming third in the championship, much was expected of them. BMW made a promising start to the season, with Kubica running second at Melbourne and lapping faster than the leader before retiring in a collision, and Heidfeld finishing second at the chaotic Malaysian GP. However, the F1.09 ultimately proved to be disappointing. At times, the drivers could barely scrape through to Q2, let alone challenge for pole. Both drivers expressed discontent with the slow developments to the car. Towards the end of the season things began to look up, with the cars managing fourth and fifth at Spa-Francorchamps and Kubica finishing second at Brazil. However, the damage had been done, and BMW announced that 2009 would be their last season in Formula One. The team eventually finished sixth in the Constructors' Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="20057744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20057744" title="Thulimbah, Queensland">
Thulimbah, Queensland

Thulimbah is a town in the Southern Downs region of Queensland, Australia. The town is located on the New England Highway and in the Southern Downs Region local government area, from the state capital, Brisbane. At the 2006 census, Thulimbah and the surrounding area had a population of 534.
The name of the town derives from the name of the railway station used from 1883, apparently meaning "place of water" in an unrecorded Aboriginal language.
The town is home to one of Australia's big things, a tourist attraction known as the "Big Apple".
There was originally another district in Queensland called Thumimbah, which was a source of confusion to many people. Eventually the problem was resolved in 1916 by renaming the other district Barney View (due to its location beside Mount Barney).

</doc>
<doc id="20057746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20057746" title="Raya (country subdivision)">
Raya (country subdivision)

Raya or Raia is a term used in Romanian historiography to refer to former territories of the mediaeval principalities of Wallachia and Moldavia held under the direct administration of the Ottoman Empire, as opposed to the principalities, which kept their internal autonomy under Ottoman suzerainty. The term originated from rayah, a generic name for the non-Muslim subjects of the Ottoman Empire. Though mainly populated by Christian populations, a raya was ruled according to Ottoman law.
A "raia" consisted of an important fortress and its hinterland, which generally formed a kaza in the Ottoman administrative system. In Wallachia, the "raia" were located on the northern bank of the Danube, around the fortresses of Turnu Măgurele, Giurgiu and Brăila, while in Moldavia they were situated on the eastern border, around the fortresses of Kiliya, Akkerman, Bender and Khotin. The territories in Wallachia were transferred back to the latter in 1829 by the Treaty of Adrianople. 

</doc>
<doc id="20057760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20057760" title="Moskvin">
Moskvin

Moskvin (masculine) or Moskvina (feminine) is a Russophone surname, derived from the word Moskva ("Moscow"). Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="20057761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20057761" title="Hank Kuhlmann">
Hank Kuhlmann

Henry N. "Hank" Kuhlmann (born October 6, 1937) is a former American football coach, and was the interim head coach for the National Football League's Phoenix Cardinals for part of the 1989 season. He assumed the position after Gene Stallings resigned in November. Kuhlmann finished with an 0-5 record, and was replaced by Joe Bugel before the start of the following season.
Kuhlmann played fullback for the Missouri Tigers football team from 1956 to 1958 under coaches Don Faurot, Frank Broyles, and Dan Devine. He led the Tigers in rushing and in scoring the 1956 and 1957 seasons and also led the team in interceptions in 1956. Kuhlmann received All-Big Eight Conference honors in 1957.
Kuhlmann also played catcher for the Missouri Tigers baseball team. In 1958, he was named to the All College World Series team, helping the Tigers to a national runner-up finish.
Upon graduation from Missouri, Kuhlmann signed with the St. Louis Cardinals, spending four years in the minor leagues. He then returned to Missouri, where he served as an assistant coach under Devine before accompanying Devine to the Green Bay Packers and Notre Dame Fighting Irish.
In 2010, Kuhlmann was inducted into the University of Missouri Intercollegiate Athletics Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="20057769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20057769" title="At the Cat's Cradle, 1992">
At the Cat's Cradle, 1992

"At The Cat's Cradle, 1992" is Ween's sixth live album. It was released on November 25, 2008 on Chocodog Records.
The 2-disc package includes a CD containing a live performance from December 9, 1992. The bonus DVD contains other live performances from 1992, including clips from Ween's first tour of the Netherlands.
Track listing (CD).
All tracks by Ween

</doc>
<doc id="20057772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20057772" title="List of rivers of Spain">
List of rivers of Spain

This is an incomplete list of rivers that are at least partially in Spain. The rivers are grouped by sea or ocean. The rivers flowing into the sea are sorted along the coast. Rivers flowing into other rivers are listed by the rivers they flow into. Rivers that have their mouths in Portugal are given in italics.
The list begins in Catalonia at the French border and moves clockwise around the Iberian Peninsula.

</doc>
<doc id="20057774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20057774" title="Jurica Golemac">
Jurica Golemac

Jurica Golemac (born May 29, 1977 in Zagreb, Socialist Republic of Croatia, SFR Yugoslavia), is a retired Slovenian-Croatian professional basketball player. He is 2.12 m (6 ft 10¼ in) tall and weighs 102 kg (225 lbs). He can play at both the forward and center positions. Currently Golemac works as assistance coach at KK Cibona.
Pro career.
In his professional career, Golemac has played with the following clubs: KK Zrinjevac Zagreb, Union Olimpija, Geoplin Slovan, Union Olimpija, Efes Pilsen, Cibona Zagreb, Ural Great, Hapoel Jerusalem, Paris-Levallois, Panellinios, Virtus Roma, Panathinaikos, KK Zadar, Colossus Rhodes, Alba Berlin and Sidigas Avellino, KK Krka.
He retired from basketball in January 2013 after knee injury.
Coach career.
Golemac has started as assasitance coach at KK Cibona in November 2013.
Slovenian national team.
Golemac played for the senior Slovenian national basketball team at the 2003 FIBA European Championship, the 2005 FIBA European Championship, and the 2009 FIBA European Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="20057777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20057777" title="Trinidad Municipality, Beni">
Trinidad Municipality, Beni

Trinidad Municipality is located in Beni Department in Bolivia.
Location.
"Trinidad Municipio" is the southernmost of two municipios in Cercado Province. It borders San Javier Municipality in the North, Moxos Province in the West, and Marbán Province in the South and Southeast. 
Trinidad (75,540 inhabitants "(2001 census)") is the province capital and is located in the western part of the municipio.
Population.
In the recent two decades, the municipio population has increased from 60,953 inhabitants (1992 census) to 79,963 (2001 census) and an estimated 85,500 inhabitants (2008).
The population density of the municipio is 45.1 inhabitants/km², the urban population rate is 94.5%. "(2001)" 
Life expectancy at birth is 66.4 years. "(2001)" 
The literacy rate of the population older than 19 years is 94.8%, 97.0% with the male and 92.7% with the female population. "(2001)"
Cantons and Subcantons.
The municipio covers an area of 1,773 km² and contains only one canton ("Cantón"), "Trinidad Canton". This is subdivided into ten subcantons ("Sub-Cantones"):

</doc>
<doc id="20057778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20057778" title="Athboy railway station">
Athboy railway station

Athboy railway station was the terminus of a branch line which diverged from the Dublin to Navan line at Kilmessan Junction and served the village of Athboy in County Meath, Ireland.
History.
Opened by the Dublin and Meath Railway, the station was absorbed by the Midland Great Western Railway, and so joined the Great Southern Railways.
The station was then nationalised, passing on to the Coras Iompair Éireann as a result of the Transport Act 1944 which took effect from 1 January 1945. It then closed under this management.

</doc>
<doc id="20057780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20057780" title="The Hunchback and the Dancer">
The Hunchback and the Dancer

The Hunchback and the Dancer () is a 1920 silent German horror film directed by F. W. Murnau. The film is considered to be lost.

</doc>
<doc id="20057788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20057788" title="The Big Rock">
The Big Rock

"The Big Rock" was the second single taken from Máire's album "Perfect Time" released the same year. The cover features a photograph by Mathew Barnes.

</doc>
<doc id="20057795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20057795" title="John Sjoberg">
John Sjoberg

John Sjoberg (12 June 1941 – 2 October 2008) was a Scottish footballer who played 15 seasons for Leicester City between 1958 and 1973. Sjoberg joined the Foxes from Scottish amateur side Banks o'Dee in August 1958, and went on to play 413 first-team matches for Leicester. His position on the pitch was as a full-back.
Sjoberg made his debut for Leicester in a 2–1 victory at Cardiff in October 1960 and was an almost ever-present in the great Ice Kings side of 1962/63, including playing in the final at Wembley, where City lost 3–1 to Manchester United, and the following season he was a member of the Leicester side that won the League Cup, securing the Foxes their first major trophy.
Sjoberg left Leicester in 1973, and played briefly for Rotherham United before retiring to open his own printing business in Leicester. He died in October 2008 following a short illness.

</doc>
<doc id="20057800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20057800" title="Powerlifting at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 60 kg">
Powerlifting at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 60 kg

The men's 60 kg powerlifting event at the 2008 Summer Paralympics was contested on 11 September at the Beihang University Gymnasium in Beijing, China. This event was the fourth-lightest of the men's powerlifting weight classes, limiting competitors to a maximum of of body mass. Powerlifters were divided into two groups, A and B, with group B beginning their lifts at 16:30 and group A at 17:15.
As with all Paralympic powerlifting events, lifters competed in the bench press. Each athlete was allowed three attempts to bench press as much weight as possible. Athletes attempting to break a record were allowed a fourth attempt. For the attempt to be valid, the competitor must have lowered the weighted bar to his chest, held it motionless for a moment, then pressed the bar upwards until his arms were fully extended. If the competitor failed to meet these requirements or any other rule infraction was committed, the attempt was declared invalid by a team of three referees and the result struck from the record.
Results.
Key: PR=Paralympic record

</doc>
<doc id="20057801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20057801" title="Alpha Sigma Phi Philippines, Inc.">
Alpha Sigma Phi Philippines, Inc.

Alpha Sigma Phi Philippines (ΑΣΦ, commonly abbreviated to Alphans) is a co-ed service fraternity with 34 active undergraduate chapters, colonies, and interest groups. 
History.
On September 29, 1959 at Mindanao Agricultural College (now Central Mindanao University) in Musuan, Bukidnon Province when a young man named Tomas R. Gavarra who just finished Associate in Agriculture in University of the Philippines – Los Baños felt the absence of a fraternity in the campus. He was exposed to the fraternity life back at UP where his elder brother and sister were both members of a fraternity and a sorority. In his first and second try, being inexperienced in fraternal organization, he failed to convince the students in his desire to form a fraternity. Being not easily discouraged, he again invited 35 other men to join him but this time asked Ramon Del Carmen, his acquaintance in UP and a member of the Upsilon Sigma Phi, to give orientation regarding fraternity college life. The students were finally convinced of the presentations of Ramon del Carmen and he ended up as their faculty advisor. The group named their organization is ASP (Agricultural Student of the Philippines). The sorority counterpart was also organized by Angel Rebecca Quiñones and named the sorority Sigma Mu Alpha.
On December 12, 1965 at Silliman University in Dumaguete City, Province of Negros Oriental, a group of Political Science students of the university led by Manuel M. Momongan likewise initiated the formation of a new fraternity. He recruited men for the group and named the fraternity Alpha Delta Phi based from his findings of that name from the Baird's Manual of Fraternities which was founded in U.S.A. on October 29, 1832 and in the Philippines on December 8, 1965. The fraternity however was split into two; the fraternity and sorority in compliance with the policies of Silliman University separating men and women. On December 12, 1965, the Founder, Manuel Momongan changed the name of the fraternity as Alpha Sigma Phi and the sorority counterpart was the Delta Sigma Phi.
In 1972, the organization at Silliman University sent invitations to schools nationwide inviting all existing fraternities using the name Alpha Sigma Phi to join them in a National Convention. Of the four original fraternities, only the organizations originating from Silliman University and Central Mindanao University participated in the national convention, and formed what is now known as Alpha Sigma Phi Philippines, Inc. In that convention, Kalunsiang Dimalen (Silliman University) was elected National President. During the 2nd National Convention in 1976, Greek letter assignment was given to all chapters attending the convention with Central Mindanao University as the Alpha Chapter and Silliman University, Beta Chapter. On July 24, 1980, it was registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC Reg. No. 921245). The National Headquarters of Alpha Sigma Phi is located in Dumaguete City.
Over the ensuing years, more than 100 Alpha Sigma Phi chapters have been chartered at universities and colleges in different parts of the country.
Relationship with Alpha Sigma Phi of the United States.
In 1984, Alpha Sigma Phi of the Philippines entered into a "Heads of Agreement" outlining a relationship between Alpha Sigma Phi Fraternity of the United States of America and the Alpha Sigma Phi of the Republic of the Philippines. 
This agreement outlined various mechanisms by which each group would share information, assist in the solving of mutual problems, and established the "International Council of Alpha Sigma Phi". 
The purpose of this relationship, at the time of its inception, was to foster a sense of international brotherhood between the two organizations. Beyond the sharing of open publications such as the Tomahawk, chapter operations manuals and the like, very little contact between the two organizations has developed. 
However, it was the recommendation of the Grand Council of Alpha Sigma Phi Fraternity of the United States of America that the 2008 Grand Chapter of Alpha Sigma Phi Fraternity of the United States of America nullify the 1984 Heads of Agreement between Alpha Sigma Phi Fraternity of the United States of America and Alpha Sigma Phi Republic of the Philippines, that the national staff of Alpha Sigma Phi Fraternity of the United States of America be directed to inform Alpha Sigma Phi Republic of the Philippines of this nullification and that Alpha Sigma Phi Republic of the Philippines be directed to cease use of the marks and symbols of the Alpha Sigma Phi of the United States of America in accordance with U.S. trademark law. 
2008 Grand Chapter Delegates of Alpha Sigma Phi Fraternity of the United States of America approved the motion to dissolve the 1984 Heads of Agreement between Alpha Sigma Phi Fraternity of the United States of America and Alpha Sigma Phi Fraternity of the Republic of the Philippines.
On November 14, 2013 the Grand Council of Alpha Sigma Phi Fraternity of the United States of America restated their withdrawal from the Heads of Agreement signed in 1984, severing and all formal ties between the two organizations. Alpha Sigma Phi Fraternity of the United States of America retains all rights to intellectual property, marks, and symbols associated with Alpha Sigma Phi Fraternity. This letter was sent as a restatement to the 2008 dissolution due to Alpha Sigma Phi of the Philippines continuing to use intellectual property, marks, and symbols of Alpha Sigma Phi Fraternity of the United States of America.

</doc>
<doc id="20057805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20057805" title="Loktionov">
Loktionov

"Loktionov is a masculine Russophone surname. Its feminine counterpart is Loktionova"' It may refer to one of the following persons.

</doc>
<doc id="20057842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20057842" title="Jeff Uren">
Jeff Uren

Jeff Uren (17 October 1925 – 6 April 2007), was a British racing driver and race tuning expert, mainly working with Fords. His most famous works of engineering included the V6 three litre Modified by Weslake Ford Cortina MkII Savage, and the V8 four-point-seven litre Ford Capri Stampede. He was also involved in motor-sport as a team manager for Ford and later the Willment/Race Proved team along with John Willment. 
After being involved in racing he also worked in industrial engineering and commercial building design and antiques. He was a very close friend of Bernard Brooke the first class Yorkshire cricketer.
Racing career.
Jeff Uren started racing at the Monte Carlo Rally in 1954 which he entered with his brother Douglas in Douglas' Armstrong Siddeley. They both moved on to saloon cars from 1955. Douglas remained an amateur and they often raced in the same races however Jeff became a professional. 
Jeff drove in the inaugural season of the British Saloon Car Championship in 1958, finishing sixth on points and achieving the first win in a Ford at Mallory Park. In 1959 he became champion in the second year of the BSCC driving a group C Ford Zephyr, finishing ahead of the works Ford drivers. Ford then decided they wanted him with them not against them. 
He raced competitively - in saloon and GT events - until 1964, racing in various Fords including Anglias, Prefects, 100E's, and Cortina Mk1's. He held class lap records at Aintree, Goodwood, Brands Hatch and Snetterton in his Zephyr. 
Jeff competed in various historic race events until 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="20057845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20057845" title="Stricker">
Stricker

Stricker:

</doc>
<doc id="20057863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20057863" title="Evening – Night – Morning">
Evening – Night – Morning

Evening – Night – Morning () is a 1920 silent German drama film directed by F. W. Murnau. The film is considered to be lost.

</doc>
<doc id="20057867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20057867" title="Johann Salver">
Johann Salver

Johann Salver (ca. 1670–1738) was a German engraver from the town of Forchheim, and the father of Johann Octavian Salver.
Salver is the author of "Die Gross und Landmeister des Deutschen Ordens" containing 51 plates, published in Würzburg in 1716, and the series on the Würzburg Prince-Bishops entitled "Geschicht-Schreiber von dem Bischoffthum Wirtzburg", published in 1713.

</doc>
<doc id="20057869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20057869" title="Iowa Highway 188">
Iowa Highway 188

Iowa Highway 188 is a state highway in north-central Iowa. The route is signed both north-south and east-west because of a 90-degree corner near the route's midpoint. The route begins at Iowa Highway 3 south of Clarksville and ends at U.S. Route 63 near Tripoli.
Route description.
Iowa Highway 188 begins at a T intersection with Iowa Highway 3 south of Clarksville. From Iowa 3, Iowa 188 heads north where it crosses the Shell Rock River and forms the eastern boundary of Heery Woods State Park. It passes through Clarksville and continues north for . At four-way intersection with Butler County Road T64 and a gravel road, Iowa 188 turns to the east and becomes an east–west road for the remainder of its journey.
Iowa 188 heads east for where it crosses into Bremer County one mile (1.6 km) west of Plainfield. One half-mile (0.8 km) into Bremer County, is a diamond interchange with U.S. Route 218 and Iowa Highway 27, the Avenue of the Saints highway. In Plainfield, Iowa 188 crosses over the Cedar River. It continues due east for , ending at U.S. Route 63 north of Tripoli.
History.
Iowa 188 was designated in 1945 as a route which connected US 218 at Plainfield to US 63. It first appeared on the state highway map in 1946. Four years later, the highway absorbed Iowa 53, which connected Clarksville to Iowa 10. Until 1963, the highway appeared very much like it does today. That year the section of highway between Clarksville and Plainfield was turned over to Butler County officials and the section south of Clarksville became Iowa 122. Just three years later, the Iowa State Highway Commission changed course and reabsorbed Iowa 122. Since then the routing has not changed.

</doc>
<doc id="20057894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20057894" title="Sekretagent Productions">
Sekretagent Productions

Sekretagent is a production company based in Los Angeles, California, focused on providing content creation, screenwriting, development and production for both films and video games. Founded in 2001, the company has provided writing services for games such as , Assassin's Creed, and Army of Two. Since 2009, the company has also been operating as an ad agency alternative providing creative marketing consulting and commercial production.
History.
The company was founded in 2001 by Dooma Wendschuh and Corey May upon their graduation from the University of Southern California's Peter Stark Producing program. Before graduation, Wendschuh and May sold their first screenplay, a re-imagining of The Wind In The Willows. The two men established Sekretagent using the funds from the sale, and began providing writing and development services to both film and game studios. 
In 2009, the company received its first major job in the advertising world. The company was hired by William Morris Endeavor Agency to provide creative writing and production services to a dual web-based marketing campaign for Coca-Cola Zero and James Cameron's Avatar. The largest component of this project was a web commercial for Coca-Cola Zero set in the future titled "Coca-Cola Zero: Nanodisk". Sekretagant conceived the original concept behind the commercial and oversaw operations from development through post production. The commercial was featured on www.avtr.com.
The collaboration with Coca-Cola Zero led to a continued relationship between the two companies. In 2010 sekretagent was hired to produce the first ever 3D commercial for Coca-Cola. The company eventually produced two 3D spots, one of which was a joint effort with Coca-Cola Zero, Mentos, and Eepybird of YouTube fame. The spot garnered millions of views online, earning sekretagent and Eepybird a place in the viral video realm. 
Currently, sekretagent Productions consists of two studios: the core studio, sekretagent, and its wholly owned subsidiary, Agent Sekret Productions, Inc. based in Montreal, Canada. The core studio deals in content creation and production services in the marketing and advertising industry, as well as production of highly commercial "event" films, such as The Wind In The Willows (currently in development at Fox 2000). Agent Sekret Productions, Inc., founded in 2011, has become the headquarters for video game writing as well as development of original video game concepts. Agent Sekret currently works in collaboration with Ubisoft Divertissements and Warner Brothers Games, both in Montreal. 
A former subsidiary of sekretagent, S2 Filmed Entertainment, was dissolved in 2010 so that the company could focus more intently on larger films, video game development, and expanding its advertising reach. S2 Filmed Entertainment's first feature film, The Plague, was released in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="20057901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20057901" title="1921 French Grand Prix">
1921 French Grand Prix

The 1921 French Grand Prix was a Grand Prix motor race held at Le Mans on 25 July 1921.

</doc>
<doc id="20057907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20057907" title="Johann Octavian Salver">
Johann Octavian Salver

Johann Octavian Salver (1732–1788) was a German engraver.
Born on 19 May 1732 at Würzburg as a son of the engraver Johann Salver. († 1738) from his third wife. He attended high school until 1749, then the university of his native city and studied to emphasize the law, then history, and especially heraldry. He showed talent for painting and practiced diligently in drawing. Because he lacked the means to further his education and he failed to get support from others, went back to his legal studies although he also dealt in passing with the production of maps. Later he did historical research in Gotha, Weimar, Mainz, Speyer, etc. In 1762 he was appointed Episcopal "Lehnamtsregistrator". In addition, beginning in 1768, he worked as a diplomat for the Bishopric of Würzburg. In 1770 he was "Protocollist" of the princely court chamber and head of the Jewish Office. In his spare time he made a description of the Erthal collection of coins and medallions. After the death of the princely archivist JJ Dümler, he received in 1773 Dümler’s office. Now he wrote the major work of his life "Proben des hohen Teütschen Reichs Adels oder Sammlungen alter Denkmäler, Grabsteine, Wappen, Inn- und Urschriften, u.d. Nach ihrem wahren Urbilde aufgenommen, unter offner Treü bewähret, und durch Ahnenbäume auch sonstige Nachrichten erkläret und erläutert" (Samples of the high nobility Germans, a collection of all arms, tombstones and inscriptions, which refer to the Würzburg bishops and members of the cathedral chapter). It was released in 1775, with more than 300 folio engravings-marked, which in Salver self-published. Salver died on 23 April 1788th. His posthumous collections of manuscripts were scattered after his death, a portion of them came into the hands of the learned "Kuustforschers" Jos. Heller in Bamberg.
Additional information.
Johann H. Salver, referenced as engraver of 1750 Fulda print, may be Johann Octavian Salver.
Literature.
Rudolf Bergau: Salver, Johann Octavian. In: Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie (ADB). Vol. 30. Duncker & Humblot, Leipzig 1890, Page 285 f. In German

</doc>
<doc id="20057918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20057918" title="Follow the Word">
Follow the Word

"Follow the Word" was the only single taken from Máire's album "Whisper to the Wild Water" released the previous year. This was the final single released under the name "Máire Brennan", with future releases going under the easier-to-pronounce "Moya Brennan". The cover features a photograph by Tony Baker.

</doc>
<doc id="20057960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20057960" title="Segal Lock and Hardware Company">
Segal Lock and Hardware Company

The Segal Lock and Hardware Company of Manhattan, New York was a leading manufacturer of hardware merchandise and razor blades in the 
1920s and 1930s. First established in Connecticut and Manhattan, the firm relocated to Brooklyn, New York in the mid-1920s. The Segal Safety Razor Corporation was a subsidiary of the Segal Lock and Hardware Company. The business was at first known as the Burglar-Proof Lock Company.
Segal was 
started by Samuel Segal, formerly a New York City detective in 1912, through his invention of a nearly burglar-proof lock. The vertical deadbolt lock eliminated a horizontal bolt, concentrating on the hinge principle. Segal had noticed that burglars forced locks but never hinges. The firm's beginning was aided by a few more policeman. The original capital was approximately $1,000. Segal and his associates refused $1,000,000 in cash for their fifty separate lock patents.
Shortly before her death Mrs. May Stevenson Segal, wife of Samuel Segal, invented a burglar-proof lock, which was marketed to a leading lock manufacturer.
History, expansion of corporation.
In August 1926 the business purchased a square block on Ferris Street, Sullivan Street, and Walcott Street for use as a factory and foundry to make Segal locks. Segal owned two large factory buildings, a foundry, and a machine shop on this property with the addition of this
real estate. The combined floor area was . Segal planned to add three more large buildings at an approximate cost of $500,000.
The property fronted the waterfront in the Red Hook, Brooklyn section of Brooklyn. The development enabled Segal to move two plants from Connecticut and its warehouses from Manhattan. Employment was to increase to 1,600 persons.
In November 1927 the Segal Lock and Hardware Company announced the sale of 5,000 shares of common stock and 5,000 shares of preferred
stock. The stock was placed privately with no public offering made.
The company acquired a controlling interest in the Norwalk Lock Company and the Universal Razor Blade Corporation in 1929. Stockholders approved an increase in the authorized stock of the company to 400,000 shares, of which 300,000 shares were outstanding. 
The corporation introduced a single unit safety razor in late 1930, a low priced product designed to use only Segal double-edged blades. The following year Segal placed on the market the Unimatic Segal Razor, a one-piece razor which accepted a double-edged blade. The firm entered a contracted with United Cigar Stores in June 1931. The agreement was for a long term of years and stated that the cigar interest would feature and distribute Segal razors and blades.
In October 1933 the Segal Lock and Hardware Company was awarded a contract to provide the finishing hardware for 1,595 apartments in the
Knickerbocker Village. This was a model housing development in the Lower East Side. It was made possible by a loan of $8,075,000 from the Reconstruction Finance Corporation.
The company sold its Stamford, Connecticut factory buildings to Macklett Laboratories, manufacturer of X-ray tubes, in March 1934.
Segal announced plans to introduce a new type of single-edged razor blade and a new aluminum window in mid-1946.
Strauss Fasteners Inc., was acquired by the Segal Lock and Hardware Company in February 1947.
Litigation.
In October 1931 the Segal Lock and Hardware Company sued Gillette (brand), asking $2,000,000 in a loss of blade contract. The suit claimed a violation of the Clayton Antitrust Act. Another suit, decided in Boston, Massachusetts, resulted in an agreement between Segal and Gillette. The former agreed to discontinue the manufacture of razor blades which infringed the Gillette patent. Segal continued to manufacture its own razors and blades which fit their own razors. However they were forced to discontinue making blades which also fit razor handles made by Gillette.

</doc>
<doc id="20057962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20057962" title="Cecil Muschamp">
Cecil Muschamp

Cecil Emerson Barron Muschamp (16 June 1902 - 28 September 1984) was an Anglican bishop in the third quarter of the 20th century. 
He was born in Wing, Buckinghamshire on 16 June 1902 and educated at Launceston Church Grammar School and the University of Tasmania. Ordained in 1928 after an earlier career as a schoolmaster he was initially a Curate at St. Luke's Church, Bournemouth and then, in 1937, Vicar of St Michael and All Angels in Christchurch, New Zealand. He was ordained to the episcopate as Bishop of Kalgoorlie in 1950. He was later Dean of Brisbane and retired in 1972. He died on 28 September 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="20057983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20057983" title="Indian Law Institute">
Indian Law Institute

The Indian Law Institute (ILI) is a deemed university and socio-legal research institute, founded in 1956. Established in New Delhi, primarily with the objective of promoting and conducting legal research, education and training. The objectives of the Institute as laid down in its Memorandum of Association are to cultivate the science of law, to promote advanced studies and research in law so as to meet the social, economic and other needs of the Indian people, to promote systematization of law, to encourage and conduct investigations in legal and allied fields, to improve legal education, to impart instructions in law, and to publish studies, books, periodicals, etc.
Overview.
It was formally inaugurated by the President of India, Dr. Rajendra Prasad on December 12, 1957. The Institute is an autonomous body registered under the Societies Registration Act, 1860, the Indian Law Institute has the requisite independence and academic freedom to carry out its objectives. The membership of the Institute is now nearly three thousand representing the persons interested in the study and advancement of law.
Hon’ble Chief Justice of India is the "ex officio" President of the Institute. The Law Minister of Government of India & the Attorney-General for India are its "ex officio" Vice Presidents. Third Vice-President is elected by the members of the Governing Council, from among themselves. Judges of the Hon’ble Supreme Court of India and High Courts, prominent lawyers, Government officials and Professors of Law are represented in the Governing Council of the Institute.
The Institute's Library is one of the best libraries in the country. It has more than 75000 titles. It subscribes to 270 current legal periodicals. JILI is one of the leading law journal. ASIL contains surveys of leading reported court cases in India in a year and same are analysed by academicians and practitioners.
The Indian Law Institute has been granted Deemed University Status in 2004 vide Government of India, Ministry of Human Resource Development Notification No. F.9-9/2001-U.3 dated 29.10.2004. After that in 2005, the institute enroledd its first batch of L.L.M. and Ph.D. program, and later also started research based courses.

</doc>
<doc id="20057995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20057995" title="New Oxford Review">
New Oxford Review

The New Oxford Review is a magazine of Roman Catholic cultural and theological commentary.
Overview.
It was founded in 1977 by the American Church Union as an Anglo-Catholic magazine in the Anglican tradition to replace "American Church News". It was named for the Oxford Movement of the 1830s and 1840s. In 1983, it officially "converted" to Roman Catholicism. It championed Pope John Paul II's condemnation of dissenting Catholic theologian Hans Küng. It supported Bernard Francis Law in his condemnation of the Catholic Common Ground Initiative.
It was originally headquartered in Oakland, California, and it is now headquartered in Berkeley, California. It has a paid circulation of 12,000. It has published writing by Walker Percy, Sheldon Vanauken, Thomas Howard, Msgr. George A. Kelly, Bobby Jindal, Fr. Stanley L. Jaki, Peter Kreeft, Avery Cardinal Dulles, Germain Grisez, Fr. James V. Schall, John Lukacs, etc. Contributing editors have included Robert N. Bellah, L. Brent Bozell, Jr., Robert Coles, and Christopher Lasch.

</doc>
<doc id="20058012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20058012" title="Alex Somers">
Alex Somers

Alex Somers is an American visual artist and musician from Baltimore, Maryland. He is currently living in Reykjavík, Iceland with his long-time boyfriend, Jón "Jónsi" Þór Birgisson, the vocalist and guitar player for the Icelandic post-rock band Sigur Rós. Somers is a founding member of the now defunct band Parachutes. He has also collaborated with his partner Jónsi Birgisson, producing visual art & music under the title Jónsi & Alex and they have released an album called Riceboy Sleeps. He has played instruments on the album and on tour for his boyfriend's solo album, Go. Somers has produced and mixed a large number of records; including those of Rökkurró, Sin Fang, Pascal Pinon, as well as Úlfur Hansson's, (a.k.a. Klive). He also drew the design of the artwork of the Colombian group Sismo for their second album "La Magia Existe". Alex Somers was previously a raw food vegan but is currently a vegan. 
Parachutes.
Parachutes was a band formed in 2003 as a duo consisting of Alex Somers and Scott Alario, with a live band consisting of eight members including Þórdís Björt Sigþórsdóttir, Tinna Jóhanna Magnusson, Björn Pálmi Pálmason, Kári Hólmar Ragnarsson, Brendan Glasson, and Aaron Borucki. The band was named after a common term for dandelion seeds. They recorded in Alex's kitchen and living room, and commonly experimented using household objects and toys as instruments. The band has collaborated with Jónsi Birgisson of Sigur Rós, as well as Amiina. On November 13, 2009 the band announced on their MySpace page that they would no longer be recording or touring together while also giving away free audio downloads of their entire discography (the albums "Parachutes", "Susy" and their EP "Tree Roots").
Sigur Rós.
Alex Somers has worked on the designs of many Sigur Rós album covers. His most acclaimed cover is "Takk...", which received Best Album Design at the 2006 Icelandic Music Awards. Alex Somers and Lukka Sigurðardóttir, wife of Orri Páll Dýrason (drummer for Sigur Rós), form the Toothfaeries, who make all of the official hand-made merchandise for Sigur Rós.
He attended Berklee College of Music, Boston, and Listaháskóli Íslands, Reykjavík.

</doc>
<doc id="20058024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20058024" title="Erfurt Synagogue">
Erfurt Synagogue

The Erfurt Synagogue in Erfurt, Germany, was built c. 1100. It is thought to be the oldest synagogue building still standing in Europe. It is used as a museum and permanently houses the Erfurt Treasure.
History of the building.
The oldest parts of the building date from the 11th century and the medieval building is preserved to a remarkable degree, including the roof. The building was used for purposes other than worship for many years.
Other synagogues in Erfurt.
The Erfurt Small Synagogue was built in 1840 and was used through 1884. It was restored in 1998 and is an event venue. The building featured a Classically-influenced façade and interior.
In 1884 the community constructed a magnificent Moorish Revival synagogue. It was destroyed on Kristallnacht.
A New Synagogue was built in 1952. The New Synagogue was firebombed by a neo-Nazi group in April, 2000.
Museum.
The completion of the transformation of the Old Synagogue into a museum was completed in October 2009. The permanent exhibition is the Erfurt Treasure.

</doc>
<doc id="20058041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20058041" title="Key Colony (condominium)">
Key Colony (condominium)

Located adjacent to the Atlantic Ocean, the Key Colony complex is a gated community of four independently-operated condominiums located on Key Biscayne, Florida. The four buildings, Botanica, EmeraldBay, Tidemark, and Oceansound, were constructed in the 1970s and 1980s and are one of the larger complexes on the island. There are about 1,200 units. The complex features a private beach, tennis courts, and swimming pools. There is a small retail center within the complex, as well as a public shopping center, "Key Colony Plaza", that is adjacent to the complex.
The complex is notable for its expanse—more than —its unusual architectural design, and for its contribution to the history of development on the island of Key Biscayne—projects that have been the subject of citizen initiatives to limit further development on the island and neighboring Virginia Key. 
The Botanica complex has a small number of units that are permitted to operate on a short-term rental basis.
Architectural and landscape design.
The Key Colony complex has won numerous awards from professional groups for its architectural and landscaping design, which blends its seaside location with tropical flora. Awards include the National Association of Home Builders Grand Award (1980), The Florida Nurserymen and Growers Association (six awards between 1982 and 1983), and two awards from the American Society of Landscape Architects (1982 and 1983).
History.
The complex was the brainchild of developer Fritz Scharenberg, who paid to bring out a new water main from the Miami mainland to accommodate the project at a cost of $1.8 million in 1977. For three of the buildings, Scharenberg specified a "pyramid" design, on a 32-degree slope, to maximize privacy between floors. The fourth building, Botanica, was designed to integrate a living garden intertwined among the residential units.

</doc>
<doc id="20058061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20058061" title="Jeremy McComb">
Jeremy McComb

Jerome "Jeremy" McComb (born in Washington state) is an American country music artist and former tour manager for comedian Larry the Cable Guy. In 2008, he signed to Parallel/New Revolution Records and released his debut album "My Side of Town" that year. This album produced the singles "Wagon Wheel", "This Town Needs a Bar" and "Cold". Although the first two singles did not chart, "Cold" has become his first entry on the "Billboard" country charts, debuting at No. 58 in November.
Biography.
Jeremy McComb was born in Idaho state. His father, Bob, was a local musician who played six nights a week and regularly brought him to venues where he performed. McComb made his singing debut at age eight, when his father invited him to join him onstage to sing Willie Nelson's "On the Road Again". Later on, McComb found work as a music director and disc jockey at the radio station KIXZ-FM in Spokane, Washington. He then befriended comedian Larry the Cable Guy while working at the station, and was hired as the comedian's tour manager in 2004 at age 23.
McComb began working on his music while serving as Larry's manager. While with the comedian, he was introduced to J.P. Williams, the CEO of Parallel Entertainment. He was then sent to a studio in Spartanburg, South Carolina, where he began recording his debut album. Initially, it was to have been released on a division of Warner Bros. Records, but legal difficulties forced Williams to release it on his own label instead. Entitled "My Side of Town", it was released on Parallel/New Revolution in June 2008, and was produced by Paul Riddle of the Marshall Tucker Band. The first single from the album, "Wagon Wheel," was originally recorded by Bob Dylan and later by the Old Crow Medicine Show. Following it was "This Town Needs a Bar," which was written by Liz Rose and Shenandoah lead singer Jimmy Yeary, and was originally featured in the soundtrack to the film "". The first two singles both failed to chart, although the third single, "Cold", debuted at number 58 on the "Billboard" country charts in November 2008 and peaked at number 43.
"Country Weekly" magazine gave "My Side of Town" three-and-a-half stars out of five, calling it "one of the year's most encouraging ". "Cold" received a favorable review from the country music review site Roughstock, whose critic Matt Bjorke called it "a ballad which details the difficulties that people sometimes have in getting over a relationship…McComb sings about feeling numb, or 'Cold' about the way that the relationship ended."

</doc>
<doc id="20058079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20058079" title="Hindustan Dainik">
Hindustan Dainik

Hindustan Dainik or "Hindustan" is published by Hindustan Media Ventures Limited. Earlier it was part of HT Media Ltd group, which spun off its Hindi business into a separate company named Hindustan Media Ventures Limited in December 2009. It ranks as the third largest-read daily in the country. Hindustan has 19 editions across the Hindi belt. They are spread across Delhi, Bihar (Patna, Muzaffarpur, Gaya and Bhagalpur), Jharkhand (Ranchi, Jamshedpur and Dhanbad), Uttar Pradesh (Lucknow, Varanasi, Meerut, Agra, Allahabad, Gorakhpur, Bareilly, Moradabad, Aligarh, and Kanpur) and Uttarakhand (Dehradun, Haridwar, Haldwani). Apart from these, the paper is also available in key towns like Mathura, Saharanpur, Faizabad.
In Delhi plus NCR, Hindustan is an undisputed No. 2 and has a rapidly growing even as the market is declining. Hindustan readership has grown to 120 L readers in Q4 11. As per Total Readership, Hindustan is No 2 with 385 L readers.
Hindustan in addition to high-quality reportage also aspires to become an ally to its readers in their quest for success. The ambition for the brand is to become the partner of progress for the youth in the Hindi belt. 
Currently, the major editions of Hindustan are available online in epaper format.
In Bihar & Jharkhand.
Hindustan dominates in Bihar with an undisputed readership of about 5 million (as per the IRS 2011, Q4). It commands a massive 73% share of the Hindi readership market of Bihar. Hindustan has been the No. 1 newspaper of Jharkhand, ever since readership surveys have been reported for the state.
In Uttar Pradesh.
Hindustan is expanding rapidly in the state of Uttar Pradesh, which is the largest Hindi newspaper market, and where it is the fastest growing Hindi daily. Apart from a long-standing presence in Lucknow and Varanasi, Hindustan was launched in , Agra and Kanpur in 2006. 
In 2008, Hindustan launched in the cities of Mathura. 
In 2009, Hindustan launched in Allahabad and Bareilly. 
In 2010, Hindustan launched in Gorakhpur as well.
In 2011, Hindustan launched in Aligarh, and in 2012 in Moradabad.
In Uttarakhand.
Hindustan has made an entry into Uttarakhand with a printing location in Dehradun, in May 2008. This edition covers key cities in Uttarakhand and West UP (like Dehradun, Hrishikesh, Haridwar, Roorkee and Saharanpur). 
In Jan 2009, Hindustan started its edition in Haldwan.

</doc>
<doc id="20058089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20058089" title="Powerlifting at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 67.5 kg">
Powerlifting at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 67.5 kg

The men's 67.5 kg powerlifting event at the 2008 Summer Paralympics was contested on 13 September at the Beihang University Gymnasium in Beijing, China. This event was the fifth-lightest of the men's powerlifting weight classes, limiting competitors to a maximum of of body mass. Powerlifters were divided into two groups, A and B, with group B beginning their lifts at 13:00 and group A at 13:45.
As with all Paralympic powerlifting events, lifters competed in the bench press. Each athlete was allowed three attempts to bench press as much weight as possible. Athletes attempting to break a record were allowed a fourth attempt. For the attempt to be valid, the competitor must have lowered the weighted bar to his chest, held it motionless for a moment, then pressed the bar upwards until his arms were fully extended. If the competitor failed to meet these requirements or any other rule infraction was committed, the attempt was declared invalid by a team of three referees and the result struck from the record.
Results.
Key: PR=Paralympic record; NMR=No marks recorded

</doc>
<doc id="20058103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20058103" title="Iowa Highway 202">
Iowa Highway 202

Iowa Highway 202 (Iowa 202) is a short state highway in southern Iowa. The route begins at the Missouri state line, where it continues as Missouri Route 202, and ends at Iowa Highway 2 north of Moulton.
Route description.
Iowa Highway 202 begins in Fabius Township, in Davis County, at the Missouri state line just north of Coatsville, Missouri. It continues in Missouri as Route 202. For its first , it runs parallel to a former line of the Norfolk & Western railroad. Because of its proximity to the abandoned rail line, Iowa 202 follows an unusual path; heading northeast, turning north, and then turning northwest into Appanoose County. It continues to the northwest for before going through an ess curve which points Iowa 202 to the north towards Moulton. North of Moulton, Iowa 202 continues due north for , ending at Iowa Highway 2 in Washington Township.
History.
Iowa Highway 202 was designated in the 1969 renumbering, having previously been designated Iowa Highway 142. No changes to the route have occurred since its designation.

</doc>
<doc id="20058139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20058139" title="1994–95 New York Knicks season">
1994–95 New York Knicks season

The 1994–95 New York Knicks season was the 49th season for the team in the National Basketball Association (NBA). In the regular season, the Knicks posted a 55–27 record in the Atlantic Division and finished in second place, two games behind the Orlando Magic. By earning the third seed in the Eastern Conference, New York qualified for the NBA Playoffs for the eighth consecutive season.
In the first round of the 1995 NBA Playoffs, the Knicks faced the sixth-seeded Cleveland Cavaliers, and won the series three games to one, advancing to the Eastern Conference semifinals. The Knicks lost the series to the Indiana Pacers, 4–3.
Playoffs.
East First Round.
(3) New York Knicks vs. (6) Cleveland Cavaliers: "Knicks win series 3-1"
Last Playoff Meeting: 1978 Eastern Conference First Round (New York won 2-0)
East Conference Semifinals.
(2) Indiana Pacers vs. (3) New York Knicks: "Pacers win series 4-3"
Last Playoff Meeting: 1994 Eastern Conference Finals (New York won 4-3)

</doc>
<doc id="20058152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20058152" title="Tietze's graph">
Tietze's graph

In the mathematical field of graph theory, Tietze's graph is an undirected cubic graph with 12 vertices and 18 edges, formed by applying a Y-Δ transform to the Petersen graph and thereby replacing one of its vertices by a triangle.
Tietze's graph has chromatic number 3, chromatic index 4, girth 3 and diameter 3. The independence number is 5. Its automorphism group has order 12, and is isomorphic to the dihedral group D6, the group of symmetries of an hexagon, including both rotations and reflections. This group has two orbits of size 3 and one of size 6 on vertices, and thus this graph is not vertex-transitive.
Like the Petersen graph it is "maximally nonhamiltonian": it has no Hamiltonian cycle, but any two non-adjacent vertices can be connected by a Hamiltonian path. It and the Petersen graph are the only 2-vertex-connected cubic non-Hamiltonian graphs with 12 or fewer vertices.
Tietze's graph matches part of the definition of a snark: it is a cubic bridgeless graph that is not 3-edge-colorable. However, some authors restrict snarks to graphs without 3-cycles and 4-cycles, and under this more restrictive definition Tietze's graph is not a snark. Tietze's graph is isomorphic to the graph J3, part of an infinite family of flower snarks introduced by R. Isaacs in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="20058174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20058174" title="The Supervillains">
The Supervillains

The Supervillains is a four-piece reggae band from in Orlando, Florida. The band released 7 studio albums, and have been a supporting band on tour with Pepper, Slightly Stoopid, Fishbone, Streetlight Manifesto, Mu330, Inner Circle, Authority Zero, the Expendables, the Mad Caddies, and Catch 22. They have included collaborations with such artists and bands on their records, such as Jack Ruby Jr. and Jeff Richey of The Toasters, Kyle MacDonald of Slightly Stoopid, and Kris Bentley formerly of Inner Circle..
The band is currently signed to Rah Rah Rah Records, with whom it will be releasing its 8th studio album in early 2013. It features remixes of previously released The Supervillains' tracks, and has guest appearances from other artists that The Supervillains have worked with in previous years. The Supervillains were formerly signed to Law Records and toured with other bands who were signed to the label.

</doc>
<doc id="20058185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20058185" title="Aleksandr Loktionov">
Aleksandr Loktionov

Aleksandr Dmitrievich Loktionov () (11 (23) August 1893 — 28 October 1941) was a Soviet general.
From 1937 to 1939, he was commander of the Soviet Air Force and member of the Communist Party. In July 1940, after the Soviet occupation of the Baltic States Loktionov was appointed commander of the Special Baltic Military District. In 1941 he was arrested on fabricated charges in the context of the case of Grigori Shtern, together with several other high officers (see Purge of the Red Army in 1941). When the invasion of the Soviet Union started he was moved from a local NKVD prison to the Kuybyshev prison, where he was shot without trial. He was eventually rehabilitated in 1955.

</doc>
<doc id="20058189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20058189" title="Jerry Gordon">
Jerry Gordon

Jerry Gordon is an American radio broadcaster. He is the afternoon news anchor on KNIH in Las Vegas, Nevada. His voice-over work included 10 years as "the voice of Disney." He previously worked at KSFO in San Francisco.

</doc>
<doc id="20058193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20058193" title="Reduced to Ashes">
Reduced to Ashes

Reduced to Ashes may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20058220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20058220" title="Branford High School (Florida)">
Branford High School (Florida)

Branford High School is the only public high school in Branford, Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="20058224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20058224" title="Frank Theatre Company">
Frank Theatre Company

Frank Theatre Company, formerly known as Screaming Weenie, is a professional theatre company in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada committed to the production, promotion and development of queer and sex positive arts and artists. The company defines 'queer' as individuals and groups outside of sexual and gender norms.
Early years.
Incorporated in 2003 with co-founder and original artistic director Ilena Lee Cramer at the helm, the company established itself by staging new plays and creative collaborations at Vancouver night clubs. While Screaming Weenie was a self-described 'queer company', a descriptive quote from Cramer from the on-line magazine Word Play in 2004 reads, "The Weenies do theatre for a wide audience - I'm interested in reaching those who are disenfranchised by art".
Original creations by Screaming Weenie in this period included "The Bacchae - an electronic opera", "The Sound of Disco" and "The Wizard of Glam". The company also produced the plays "Belly" by Dawn Wendy McLeod, "Clue in the Fast Lane" by Ann Marie MacDonald and Beverley Cooper, "The Well of Horniness" by Holly Hughes and "Lounge" by Tanya Marquardt.
Second stage.
Seán Cummings was hired as the company's artistic director in 2008. Cummings had previously worked with other theatre companies in Vancouver on seminal queer-themed works as Martin Sherman's "Bent", Brad Fraser's "Poor Super Man" and Richard Greenberg's "Take Me Out". Cummings left the company in 2012, and was succeeded by C. E. Gatchalian.

</doc>
<doc id="20058227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20058227" title="Powerlifting at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 75 kg">
Powerlifting at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 75 kg

The men's 75 kg powerlifting event at the 2008 Summer Paralympics was contested on 14 September at the Beihang University Gymnasium in Beijing, China. This event was the fifth-heaviest of the men's powerlifting weight classes, limiting competitors to a maximum of of body mass. Powerlifters were divided into two groups, A and B, with group B beginning their lifts at 16:30 and group A at 17:15.
As with all Paralympic powerlifting events, lifters competed in the bench press. Each athlete was allowed three attempts to bench press as much weight as possible. Athletes attempting to break a record were allowed a fourth attempt. For the attempt to be valid, the competitor must have lowered the weighted bar to his chest, held it motionless for a moment, then pressed the bar upwards until his arms were fully extended. If the competitor failed to meet these requirements or any other rule infraction was committed, the attempt was declared invalid by a team of three referees and the result struck from the record.

</doc>
<doc id="20058240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20058240" title="Đuro Ostojić">
Đuro Ostojić

Đuro Ostojić (born February 17, 1976) is a retired Montenegrin basketball player. At , he played the center position.
Pro career.
In his professional career, Ostojić has played with Mornar, Budućnost Podgorica, Lovćen, Partizan, Breogán, Beşiktaş Cola Turka, PAOK, Gravelines-Dunkerque and Panellinios.
National team.
Ostojić represented Serbia and Montenegro at the EuroBasket 2003 and the 2004 Summer Olympics. He was also a member of the Montenegrin national team.

</doc>
<doc id="20058276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20058276" title="R. Bruce Ricketts">
R. Bruce Ricketts

Robert Bruce Ricketts (April 29, 1839 – November 13, 1918) distinguished himself as an artillery officer in the American Civil War. He is best known for his battery’s defense against a Confederate attack on Cemetery Hill on the second day of the Battle of Gettysburg.
Early life.
Elijah Ricketts was a merchant and farmer in Orangeville in Columbia County, Pennsylvania. He married Margaret Leigh Lockart (1810–1891) in 1830. Robert Bruce Ricketts was the fifth of nine children of this union, and the fifth son, born on April 29, 1839. An older brother, William Wallace Ricketts (b. 1837), attended the United States Military Academy; but he died in 1862. Bruce Ricketts was educated at the Wyoming Seminary near Wilkes-Barre. When the war broke out, he was studying law and considering the possibility of a university education.
Early Civil War.
The First Pennsylvania Light Artillery (otherwise known as the 43rd Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers) was organized in 1861. The regiment left for Washington, D. C. in August of that year. Battery F was formed under Capt Ezra W. Matthews. Bruce Ricketts joined the service on July 8, as a private of that year, and he was commissioned as first lieutenant in that battery about a month later. The regiment was split, up with individual batteries serving with different divisions of the Army of the Potomac. Battery F first saw combat at the Battle of Dranesville on December 20, 1861. Ricketts’ section had one gun disabled in that action. Later the section served in the defense of Hancock, Maryland against a foray by Stonewall Jackson.
Battery F served in the Army of Virginia in the corps of Major General Irwin McDowell, joining it on March 21, 1862 at Warrenton, Virginia. In that context it was involved, under Ricketts’ leadership, in a reconnaissance expedition to Rappahannock Station, Virginia, that left on April 7, of that year. This force advanced and then withdrew, having accomplished its information-gathering purpose. Thereafter the battery was involved in the campaign culminating in the Second Battle of Bull Run. Battery F was seriously engaged in the Battle of Cedar Mountain on August 8, helping McDowell cover the retreat of the corps of Major General Nathaniel Banks. The battery helped defend Henry House Hill at Second Bull Run, and it was present at the Battle of Chantilly though not engaged. It also participated in the “artillery hell” of the Battle of Antietam. Lt Ricketts missed most of these actions while serving on recruiting duty. He returned to the Army of the Potomac on September 23, 1862.
Ricketts commanded Battery F, First Pennsylvania Light Artillery from then on until the summer of 1864. Capt Matthews went down ill and did not return to battery command. Lt Ricketts was engaged with his guns at the Battle of Fredericksburg, serving with second division I Corps under Major General John F. Reynolds. When Capt Matthews was promoted to the rank of major, Ricketts became a captain on March 14, 1863. At the Battle of Chancellorsville Capt Ricketts’ battery was with Major General Abner Doubleday’s third division I Corps.
Gettysburg.
Ricketts’ battery was - beginning on May 13, 1863 - in the third volunteer brigade of the Reserve Artillery under Captain James F. Huntington. Battery G, First Pennsylvania Light Artillery, was attached to Ricketts’ battery a few weeks before the Battle of Gettysburg, on June 1, 1863. This merger was resented until gunners from Battery G were permitted to form a section of the consolidated battery. This merger took place while the army was marching north in pursuit of the Army of Northern Virginia, beginning on May 15.
Ricketts’ battery arrived in Gettysburg on the Taneytown Road on the morning of July 2, 1863 and replaced Capt James H. Cooper's Battery B, First Pennsylvania Light Artillery, on East Cemetery Hill about 4:00 PM. It was exposed to enfilade fire from Benner’s Hill and Seminary Ridge. Around nightfall, two Confederate brigades from the division of Major General Jubal Early attacked the hill. It broke the thin Union front line at the foot of the hill in two places. In other places they were repelled. Some Confederates reached the top of the hill, and one group attacked the left of Ricketts’ battery, trying to spike the guns. The fight for the guns became hand to hand, but the Confederates were unable to capture the whole battery. Eventually Union reinforcements from the II Corps brigade of Col Samuel S. Carroll drove the Confederates down hill. A monument to the battery stands in the general location of their fight.
After the battle, Ricketts criticized Adelbert Ames' division of XI Corps, although he probably could not see what was going on down there at the foot of the hill. He thought they fled unnecessarily. Ricketts’ account of the action makes it look as if his battery stood alone for an extended time. However, a less colorful account by a modern historian shows that some of the XI Corps troops had rallied and stood fast atop Cemetery Hill even before reinforcements from Col Samuel S. Carroll’s brigade of II Corps came up behind Ricketts’ position.
After Gettysburg.
After Gettysburg, Ricketts’ battery F was transferred to the artillery brigade of II Corps in time for the Bristoe Campaign. At the Second Battle of Auburn on October 14, 1863, the battery helped first division II Corps cover the withdrawal of the corps under harassing fire from horse artillery of Major General J. E. B. Stuart’s command. At the Battle of Bristoe Station later that day, Ricketts’ battery F came up at a gallop and unlimbered behind BG Alexander S. Webb’s second division II Corps. Their fire helped defeat Major General Henry Heth’s attack on the federal line. The battery was given the privilege of presenting captured Confederate guns to Major General George G. Meade, the commanding general.
Ricketts’ battery remained with the II Corps for the Overland Campaign. During the Battle of the Wilderness, a section of Ricketts’ battery advanced on the Plank Road with Major General Winfield Scott Hancock’s attack on the Confederate lines on May 5, 1864 at about 3:30 PM. The section accompanied BG George Getty’s division of VI Corps, serving with Hancock at that time. A Confederate counterattack captured the section, but Col Samuel S. Carroll’s brigade recaptured the guns by 6:00 PM. BG Getty praised Ricketts for his "great coolness and courage" in this action.
Ricketts was engaged in support of Grant's offensive attacks on the Confederate positions in the Battle of Spotsylvania Court House on May 18, 1864, being moved up close to the captured Confederate works. He also supported Hancock's attack on Henagan's redoubt at the Battle of North Anna on May 23. The battery remained with II Corps throughout the remainder of the campaign, except at the Battle of Cold Harbor, when it was detached to serve with XVIII Corps on June 3.
Ricketts' battery crossed the James River with II Corps and participated in the Second Battle of Petersburg. Battery F fired some of the first federal shots into the beleaguered city. Ricketts' guns were on the battle front for two weeks until they were relieved by a battery from V Corps.
During the subsequent Siege of Petersburg, Capt Ricketts was promoted to higher ranks in the First Pennsylvania Light Artillery. When Major James H. Cooper reached the expiration of his term of service on August 8, 1864, Ricketts was named his successor. When, in 1865, Colonel R. M. West was commissioned colonel of the Fifth Pennsylvania Cavalry, Major Ricketts was promoted to the rank of colonel in his place to date from March 15.
During the early stages of the siege, Ricketts continued in command of his battery with II Corps. This included a role supporting BG Gershom Mott's division in the Second Battle of Deep Bottom. After returning to the Petersburg front, the battery was assigned to positions near the Jerusalem Plank Road. During this period, Captain Ricketts presided over a court of inquiry into the loss of a gun at the Second Battle of Ream's Station. He also served on a board deciding which units could add the names of particular battles to their flags. In December 1864, Cpt Ricketts, as "acting major," commanded the II Corps batteries serving on the lines of IX Corps for a period of three weeks.
In 1865, Ricketts played a role in the Artillery Reserve; and, by the spring of 1865 he was assistant chief of artillery of IX Corps. Whenever the chief of artillery, Colonel John C. Tidball, was absent, Ricketts took charge of the guns of IX Corps in his place.
The report that a Confederate veteran looked at Ricketts, a slight man, and commented, "And did this little cuss command Battery Hell!," may be apocryphal.
Post-war.
After the war, Colonel Ricketts, with his father and an uncle, began buying timber land in Columbia, Luzerne and Sullivan counties. By 1873, they had ca. . In 1872 Ricketts and partners opened a saw mill. He used his own lumber to build North Mountain House at Ganoga Lake in the area where he had his timber lands. The house took guests until 1903, when it became his family’s summer home. Ricketts’ interests suffered financial hardship in the years 1883 to 1885, and he had to sell off much of his land.
Col Ricketts married Elizabeth Reynolds in Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania on October 1, 1868. They had three children: William Reynolds (1869–1956); Jean Holberton (1873–1929), and Frances Leigh (1881–1970). Lakes Jean and Leigh are named for their two daughters.
Ricketts belonged to the Grand Army of the Republic and the Military Order of the Loyal Legion of the United States. The colonel was politically active too. He supported Major General Winfield Scott Hancock for president in 1880.
At his death on November 14, 1918, at Ganoga Lake, Ricketts still owned about around Red Rock Mountain in Columbia, Luzerne, and Sullivan Counties, including Ganoga Lake (or Long Pond) and Lake Jean. Col Ricketts was buried nearby.[http://www.rootsweb.ancestry.com/~pasulliv/churches/RickettsC.htm] His heirs sold much of this timber land to the state of Pennsylvania via the Central Penn Lumber Company 1920-1924. This land became the nucleus of Ricketts Glen State Park.

</doc>
<doc id="20058306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20058306" title="Jamie Rivers (American football)">
Jamie Rivers (American football)

James Albert Rivers (born September 22, 1945 in Youngstown, Ohio) is a former American football linebacker who played eight seasons in the NFL.

</doc>
<doc id="20058312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20058312" title="Dooma Wendschuh">
Dooma Wendschuh

Michael "Dooma" Wendschuh is the co-founder and president of Sekretagent Productions, a production company based in Los Angeles, California working in the film, video game, and internet industries. He graduated from Princeton University in 1999 and founded Sekretagent with Corey May upon their graduation from the University of Southern California's Peter Stark Producing Program in 2001.
Along with Corey May, Wendschuh has co-written and designed video games such as ' (2004), "Stolen" (2005), "Battles of Prince of Persia" (2005), ' (2005), "Assassin's Creed" (2007), and "Army of Two" (2008). He received voice-over direction credits for "Army of Two". He also was an executive producer on the 2006 horror film "The Plague".

</doc>
<doc id="20058343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20058343" title="Niemann–Pick disease, type C">
Niemann–Pick disease, type C

Niemann–Pick type C is a lysosomal storage disease associated with mutations in NPC1 and NPC2 genes. Niemann–Pick type C strikes an estimated 1:150,000 people. Approximately 50% of cases present before 10 years of age, but manifestations may first be recognized as late as the sixth decade.
Pathophysiology.
Niemann–Pick type C is biochemically, genetically and clinically distinct from Niemann–Pick Types A or and B. In Types A & B, there is complete or partial deficiency of an enzyme called acid sphingomyelinase. In Niemann–Pick type C, the protein product of the major mutated gene NPC1 is not an enzyme but appears to function as a transporter in the endosomal-lysosomal system, which moves large water-insoluble molecules through the cell. The protein coded by the NPC2 gene more closely resembles an enzyme structurally but seems to act in cooperation with the NPC1 protein in transporting molecules in the cell. The disruption of this transport system results in the accumulation of cholesterol and glycolipids in lysosomes.
Cholesterol and glycolipids have varied roles in the cell. Cholesterol is a major component of cell plasma membranes, which define the cell as a whole and its organelles. It is also the basic building block of steroid hormones, including neurosteroids. In Niemann–Pick type C, large amounts of free or unesterfied cholesterol accumulates in lysosomes, and leads to relative deficiency of this molecule in multiple membranes and for steroid synthesis. The accumulation of glycosphingolipids in the nervous system has been linked to structural changes, namely ectopic dendritogenesis and meganeurite formation, and has been targeted therapeutically.
Several theories have attempted to link the accumulation of cholesterol and glycolipids in the lysosomes with the malfunction of the NPC-1 protein.
Neufeld et al. hypothesized that the accumulation of mannose 6-phosphate receptors (MPRs) in the late endosome signals failure of retrograde trafficking of cholesterol via the trans Golgi Network.
Genetics and classification.
Approximately 95% of Niemann–Pick type C cases are caused by genetic mutations in the NPC1 gene, referred to as type C1; 5% are caused by mutations in the NPC2 gene, referred to as type C2. The clinical manifestations of types Niemann–Pick types C1 and C2 are similar because the respective genes are both involved in egress of lipids, particularly cholesterol, from late endosomes or lysosomes. The NPC1 gene is located on chromosome 18 (18q11-q12) and was described by researchers at the National Institutes of Health in July 1997.
"Type D" variant.
Type D Niemann–Pick has only been found in the French Canadian population of Yarmouth County, Nova Scotia, and is now known to be allelic with Niemann–Pick type C.
Genelogical research indicates that Joseph Muise (c. 1679–1729) and Marie Amirault (1684 – c. 1735) are common ancestors to all people with Type D. This couple is the most likely origin for the type D variant.
Symptoms.
Niemann–Pick type C has a wide clinical spectrum. Affected individuals may have enlargement of the spleen (splenomegaly) and liver (hepatomegaly), or enlarged spleen/liver combined (hepatosplenomegaly), but this finding may be absent in later onset cases. Prolonged jaundice or elevated bilirubin can present at birth. In some cases, however, enlargement of the spleen and/or liver does not occur for months or years – or not at all. Enlargement of the spleen and/or liver frequently becomes less apparent with time, in contrast to the progression of other lysosomal storage diseases such as Niemann–Pick disease, Types A and B or Gaucher disease. Organ enlargement does not usually cause major complications.
Progressive neurological disease is the hallmark of Niemann–Pick type C disease, and is responsible for disability and premature death in all cases beyond early childhood. Classically, children with NPC may initially present with delays in reaching normal developmental milestones skills before manifesting cognitive decline (dementia).
Neurological signs and symptoms include cerebellar ataxia (unsteady walking with uncoordinated limb movements), dysarthria (slurred speech), dysphagia (difficulty in swallowing), tremor, epilepsy (both partial and generalized), vertical supranuclear palsy (upgaze palsy, downgaze palsy, saccadic palsy or paralysis), sleep inversion, gelastic cataplexy (sudden loss of muscle tone or drop attacks), dystonia (abnormal movements or postures caused by contraction of agonist and antagonist muscles across joints), most commonly begins with in turning of one foot when walking (action dystonia) and may spread to become generalized, spasticity (velocity dependent increase in muscle tone), hypotonia, ptosis (drooping of the upper eyelid), microcephaly (abnormally small head), psychosis, progressive dementia, progressive hearing loss, bipolar disorder, major and psychotic depression that can include hallucinations, delusions, mutism, or stupor.
In the terminal stages of Niemann–Pick type C disease, the patient is bedridden, with complete ophthalmoplegia, loss of volitional movement and has severe dementia.
Diagnosis.
Niemann–Pick type C is diagnosed by assaying cultured fibroblasts for cholesterol esterfication and staining for unesterified cholesterol with filipin. The fibroblasts are grown from a small skin biopsy taken from a patient with suspected NPC. The diagnosis can be confirmed by identifying mutations in the NPC1 or NPC2 genes in 80–90% of cases. This specialized testing is available at Thomas Jefferson University Lysosomal Disease Testing Lab and the Mayo Clinic.
Treatment.
There is no known cure for Niemann–Pick type C, nor is there any FDA-standard approved disease modifying treatment. Supportive care is essential and substantially improves the quality of life of people affected by NPC. The therapeutic team may include specialists in neurology, pulmonology, gastroenterology, psychiatrist, orthopedics, nutrition, physical therapy and occupational therapy. Standard medications used to treat symptoms can be used in NPC patients. As patients develop difficulty with swallowing, food may need to be softened or thickened, and eventually, parents will need to consider placement of a gastrostomy tube (g-tube, feeding tube).
An observational study is underway at the National Institutes of Health to better characterize the natural history of NPC and to attempt to identify markers of disease progression.
Hydroxypropyl-beta-cyclodextrin (HPbCD).
In April 2009, Hydroxypropyl-beta-cyclodextrin (HPbCD) was approved under compassionate use by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) to treat Addison and Cassidy Hempel, identical twin girls suffering from Niemann–Pick type C disease. Medi-ports, similar to ports used to administer chemotherapy drugs, were surgically placed into the twins' chest walls and allow doctors to directly infuse HPbCD into their bloodstreams. Treatment with cyclodextrin has been shown to delay clinical disease onset, reduced intraneuronal storage and secondary markers of neurodegeneration, and significantly increased lifespan in both the Niemann–Pick type C mice and feline models. (This is the second time in the United States that cyclodextrin alone has been administered in an attempt treat a fatal pediatric disease. Over 20 years ago, HPbCD was used in a medical case involving a boy suffering from severe hypervitaminosis A.)
On May 17, 2010, the FDA granted Hydroxypropyl-beta-cyclodextrin orphan drug status and designated the compound as a potential treatment for Niemann–Pick type C disease. On July 14, 2010, Dr. Caroline Hastings of Children's Hospital Oakland filed additional applications with the FDA requesting approval to deliver HPbCD directly into the central nervous system of the twins in an attempt to help HPbCD cross the blood–brain barrier. The request was approved by the FDA on September 23, 2010, and bi-monthly intrathecal injections of HPbCD into the spine were administered starting in October 2010. Additional filings have been made to the FDA by Children's Hospital Research Center Oakland requesting approval to surgically implant Medtronic SynchroMed pumps into the twins to deliver continuous doses of HPbCD into their brains.
On December 25, 2010, the FDA granted approval for HPbCD to be delivered via IV to an additional patient, Peyton Hadley, aged 13 under an IND through Rogue Regional Medical Center in Medford, Oregon. Soon after in March 2011, approval was sought for similar treatment of his sibling, Kayla, age 11, and infusions of HPbCD began shortly after. Both have since began Intrathecal treatments beginning in January 2012. (www.hadleyhope.com)
On December 31, 2011 the FDA granted approval for IV HpBCD infusions for a fifth child in the United States, Chase DiGiovanni. He infuses under a compassionate use protocol and was 29 months old at the time of his first infusion in January 2012. The study was halted by the FDA in Spring of 2012 for further review and allowed to resume in October 2012 at a secondary site. Due to unprecedented collaboration between the parents of afflicted children HpBCD INDs have been able to be obtained outside of a formal trial. (www.chasethecure.net)
On September 20, 2011, the European Medicines Agency (EMA) granted HPbCD orphan drug status and designated the compound as a potential treatment for Niemann–Pick type C disease.
In April 2011, the National Institutes of Health (NIH), in collaboration with the Therapeutics for Rare and Neglected Diseases Program (TRND), announced they are developing a clinical trial utilizing cyclodextrin for Niemann–Pick type C patients. The clinical trial is in the planning phase is not yet approved by the FDA.
Other treatments under investigation.
One drug that has been tried is Miglustat. Miglustat is a glucosylceramide synthase inhibitor, which inhibits the synthesis of glycosphingolipids in cells. It has been shown to delay the onset of disease in the NPC mouse, and published data from a multi-center clinical trial of Miglustat in the United States and England and from case reports suggests that it may ameliorate the course of human NPC.
Several other treatment strategies are under investigation in cell culture and animal models of NPC. These include, cholesterol mobilization, neurosteroid (a special type of hormone that affects brain and other nerve cells) replacement using allopregnanolone, rab overexpression to bypass the trafficking block (Pagano lab) and Curcumin as an anti-inflammatory and calcium modulatory agent. The pregnane X receptor has been identified as a potential target.
Neural stem cells have also been investigated in an animal model, and clear evidence of life extension in the mouse model has been shown.
Low cholesterol diets are often used, but there is no evidence of efficacy.
Prognosis.
The lifespan of patients with NPC is usually related to the age of onset. Children with antenatal or infantile onset usually succumb in the first few months or years of life, whereas adolescent and adult onset forms of Niemann–Pick type C have a more insidious onset and slower progression, and affected individuals may survive to the seventh decade. Adult cases of NPC are being recognized with increasing frequency. It is suspected that many patients affected by NPC are undiagnosed, owing to lack of awareness of the disease and the absence of readily available screening or diagnostic tests. For the same reasons the diagnosis is often delayed by many years.
Research directions.
Loss of myelin in the Central Nervous System is considered to be a main pathogenic factor. Research uses animal models carrying the underlying mutation for Niemann-Pick disease, e.g. a mutation in the NPC1 gene Niemann-Pick type C disease. In this model the expression of Myelin gene Regulatory Factor (MRF) has been shown to be significantly decreased. MRF is a transcription factor of critical importance in the development and maintenance of myelin sheaths. A perturbation of oligodendrocyte maturation and the myelination process might therefore be an underlying mechanism of the neurological deficits.
Recent neuroimaging studies have shown patients with Niemann-Pick, type C to have a corpus callosum with microstructural abnormalities. Clear reductions in corpus callosum mean thickness and surface area have been shown when compared to age-matched controls. Also, studies using diffusion tensor imaging have shown marked reductions in callosal fractional anisotropy, which suggests architectural abnormalities based on the directional flow of water. These conclusions suggest that the corpus callosum plays an important role in the disease and should be explored for use as a biomarker of disease progression.

</doc>
<doc id="20058344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20058344" title="United States Senate election in West Virginia, 2002">
United States Senate election in West Virginia, 2002

The 2002 United States Senate election in West Virginia was held on November 5, 2002. Incumbent Democratic U.S. Senator Jay Rockefeller won re-election to a fourth term.
Campaign.
Wolfe ran a Grassroots campaign. Rockefeller was the heavy favorite. One poll showed him leading 72% to 17%. Rockefeller had $2.9 million cash on hand to Wolfe at $100,536 (In mid-October). Wolfe was endorsed by President George W. Bush and the National Rifle Association, but it wasn't enough to make the election competitive.

</doc>
<doc id="20058346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20058346" title="Niemann–Pick disease, SMPD1-associated">
Niemann–Pick disease, SMPD1-associated

Niemann–Pick disease, SMPD1-associated refers to two different types of Niemann–Pick disease which are associated with the SMPD1 gene.
There are approximately 1,200 cases of NPA and NPB worldwide with the majority of cases being Type B or an intermediate form. 
Descriptions of type E and type F have been published, but they are not well characterized, and are currently classified under type B.
Type A.
Niemann–Pick Type A, the most common type, occurs in infants and is characterized by jaundice, an enlarged liver, failure to thrive, progressive deterioration of the nervous system and profound brain damage. Children affected by Niemann Pick Type A rarely live beyond 18 months. Niemann–Pick Type A occurs more frequently among individuals of Ashkenazi (eastern and central European) Jewish descent than in other ethnicities. The incidence within the Ashkenazi population is approximately 1 in 40,000 people. The incidence for other populations is 1 in 250,000 people.
Type B.
Niemann–Pick Type B involves an enlarged liver and spleen hepatosplenomegaly, growth retardation, and problems with lung function including frequent lung infections. Other signs include blood abnormalities such as abnormal cholesterol and lipid levels, and low numbers of blood cells involved in clotting (platelets). The brain is not affected in Type B and the disease often presents in the pre-teen years.
Genetics.
Mutations in the SMPD1 gene cause Niemann–Pick Types A and B. This gene carries instructions for cells to produce an enzyme called acid sphingomyelinase. Insufficient activity of the enzyme acid sphingomyelinase causes the build up of toxic amounts of sphingomyelin, a fatty substance present in every cell of the body. This enzyme is found in special compartments within cells called lysosomes (compartments that digest and recycle materials in the cell), and is required to metabolize the lipid sphingomyelin. If sphingomyelinase is absent or not functioning properly, sphingomyelin cannot be metabolized properly and is accumulated within the cell, eventually causing cell death and the malfunction of major organ systems.

</doc>
<doc id="20058347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20058347" title="Dennis McFarland">
Dennis McFarland

Dennis McFarland is an American novelist that is known for his unique blends of literary elements. McFarland has authored several acclaimed novels including "The Music Room" and "School for the Blind".
Life.
McFarland attended Brooklyn College where he earned his B.A. in 1975. He also attended Goddard College and Stanford University. McFarland taught at both these institutions later in his life. At Stanford, McFarland worked as teacher of creative writing from 1981 to 1986. McFarland married Michelle Simons and fathered two children. He currently resides in Watertown, Maine and San Francisco, California.
Career.
McFarland's first novel, "The Music Room", was published in 1990 and was met with a great deal of critical praise. The New York Times praised the novel as being genuine and emotional. "The Music Room" quickly became a New York Times bestseller. McFarland told the Washington Post that his early success was due to "a lot of good luck".
McFarland's second novel, "School for the Blind", was also met with praise. This novel chronicles several elderly characters as they look into their troubled pasts. Some critics were surprised at the stark contrast between McFarland's first and second novels. As Sven Birkerts, a literary critic for the New York Times, said that "School for the Blind" was "...in tone and intensity and final effect, as unlike its predecessor as it is possible to be."
McFarland's third and fourth novels, "A Face at the Window" and "Singing Boy", were also met with praise from critics and dealt with McFarland's familiar themes of alcoholism and death.

</doc>
<doc id="20058375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20058375" title="California Proposition 14">
California Proposition 14

California Proposition 14 may refer to two different and unrelated propositions proposed in California:

</doc>
<doc id="20058383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20058383" title="The Moneypaper">
The Moneypaper

"The Moneypaper" is a monthly financial newsletter published by The Moneypaper, Inc. that is geared towards the small investor and long-term investing strategies. Its name comes from the original format of the publication, that of a newspaper. Its current format is that of a magazine. New issues are released every month.
History.
Vita Nelson first had the idea for The Moneypaper in 1981, shortly after selling her previous publishing venture, Westchester Magazine, in 1980. With the help of publisher Joyce Gruenberg, Circulation manager Lucy Banker, and Executive Editor Mark Fowler, the first issue of The Moneypaper was published in April 1982, with the subheading “A Financial Publication for Women.” The subheading was removed beginning with the December 1985 issue when Vita "started hearing from men who read the newsletter but subscribed to it under their wives' names."
"The Moneypaper" contains a mixture of commentary and financial data, and includes a section that summarizes important financial news and trends, as well as suggestions on stock portfolios to build and stock picks from equity specialists Currently, it is based in Rye, NY.
Media Mentions.
A subscription to "The Moneypaper" was among the suggestions for fiscally aware gifts in the Dec. 18, 1994 issue of the LA Times.

</doc>
<doc id="20058402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20058402" title="Corey May">
Corey May

Corey May is the co-founder and President of Sekretagent Productions, a production company based in Los Angeles, California working in the film, video game, and internet industries. May is the main writer of the "Assassin's Creed" series.
May worked as the lead writer on "Assassin's Creed", "Assassin's Creed II", and "Assassin's Creed III". Corey May also helped Jeffrey Yohalem as a writer on ', and Darby McDevitt on '. May also helps in the production of most other entries into the "Assassin's Creed" franchise to make sure everything flows together into one coherent narrative.
May graduated from Harvard University in 1999 and founded Sekretagent with Dooma Wendschuh upon their graduation from the University of Southern California's Peter Stark Producing Program in 2001.
Along with Dooma Wendschuh, May has co-written for video games such as ', ', "Army of Two" and "Terminator Salvation". He also was an executive producer on the 2006 horror film "The Plague", was a producer on the 2002 film "Yo, Tyrone".
Recently, it has been announced that he and Wendschuh will write the upcoming "Batman" video game developed by Warner Bros. Games Montreal, ', a prequel to Rocksteady Studios Batman video games: ' and "".

</doc>
<doc id="20058414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20058414" title="Bob Flowers">
Bob Flowers

Robert C. Flowers ( August 6, 1917 in Big Spring, Texas – December 8, 1962 in Big Spring, Texas ) was an American football player who played eight seasons for the Green Bay Packers.

</doc>
<doc id="20058435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20058435" title="Powerlifting at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 82.5 kg">
Powerlifting at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 82.5 kg

The men's 82.5 kg powerlifting event at the 2008 Summer Paralympics was contested on 15 September at the Beihang University Gymnasium in Beijing, China. This event was the fourth-heaviest of the men's powerlifting weight classes, limiting competitors to a maximum of of body mass. Powerlifters were divided into two groups, A and B, with group B beginning their lifts at 13:00 and group A at 13:45.
As with all Paralympic powerlifting events, lifters competed in the bench press. Each athlete was allowed three attempts to bench press as much weight as possible. Athletes attempting to break a record were allowed a fourth attempt. For the attempt to be valid, the competitor must have lowered the weighted bar to his chest, held it motionless for a moment, then pressed the bar upwards until his arms were fully extended. If the competitor failed to meet these requirements or any other rule infraction was committed, the attempt was declared invalid by a team of three referees and the result struck from the record.
Results.
Key: NMR=No marks recorded

</doc>
<doc id="20058440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20058440" title="Lebian">
Lebian

Lebian (Lebiantu) (died September 1776) was toqui from 1769 to 1774, who led the Pehuenche against the Spanish Empire in Chile following the Mapuche Uprising of 1766 during the Arauco War.
Life.
During the war, in 1769 he led a malón against the region of Laja River and Los Ángeles taking cattle and destroying every estancia in their path. Spanish troops sent against him were defeated and forced to retire to Los Ángeles. Encouraged by the victory Lebian attacked fort Santa Bárbara two days later, although repulsed with some losses, they managed to set fire to the town and to take the cattle found in the area. 
At the end of the war he was part of the delegation sent to Santiago to make peace in 1774. The same year he was also involved in a feud against the toqui Ayllapagui.
Assassination.
In September 1776, according to Gov. Agustín de Jáuregui's policy of rewarding loyalty, Lebian was named "distinguished soldier" of the Spanish Army, and travelled to the city of Los Angeles for a meeting with the Maestro de Campo Ambrosio O'Higgins. As he was returning to his country, a band of Spaniards ambushed and killed him. One of the suspects was a captain Dionisio Contreras, but nothing was proved against him. It was rumored that O'Higgins had arranged the death as part of a policy of eliminating by such means hostile or strong Mapuche leaders in preference to open warfare, but O'Higgins denied responsibility for the ambush, persecuted the assassins and hanged one of them.

</doc>
<doc id="20058450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20058450" title="Hercules (football club)">
Hercules (football club)

USV Hercules is an omnisport club from Utrecht, Netherlands. The football tier of Hercules is playing in the Sunday Hoofdklasse C in the 2013-2014 season.

</doc>
<doc id="20058451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20058451" title="Big City Burrito">
Big City Burrito

Big City Burrito (BC Burrito) is a Mexican restaurant based in Fort Collins, Colorado.
History.
Big City Burrito was founded in Fort Collins, Colorado on July 7, 1994. It has nine locations in Colorado (Fort Collins, Aurora, Boulder, Greeley, Loveland, Monument, Thornton, Westminster, Windsor) and additional locations in Cheyenne, Wyoming; Kearney, Nebraska; Honolulu, Hawaii.

</doc>
<doc id="20058454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20058454" title="Hermann Julius Grüneberg">
Hermann Julius Grüneberg

Hermann Julius Grüneberg (April 11, 1827–June 7, 1894) was a German chemist and inventor, and together with Julius Vorster the founder of the Chemische Fabrik Kalk.
Biography.
Grüneberg was born on April 11, 1827 in Stettin, Province of Pomerania, Prussia, now Szczecin, the capital city of West Pomeranian Voivodeship in Poland. He was the second of six children of the master organ builder August Wilhelm Grüneberg and his wife Caroline Henriette née Breslich from Cammin. One of his brothers was Barnim Grüneberg, who took over his father's organ building business. He died on June 7, 1894 in Cologne, German Empire where he was buried in the Melaten Cemetery.
Honours.
A school, the Grüneberg-Schule, and a street, Grünebergstraße, in Kalk, a district of Cologne, are named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="20058467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20058467" title="List of windmills in Buckinghamshire">
List of windmills in Buckinghamshire

A list of windmills in Buckinghamshire, UK.
__TOC__
Sources.
Unless stated otherwise, the source for all entries is 
Notes.
Mills in bold are still standing, known building dates are indicated in bold. Text in "italics" denotes indicates that the information is not confirmed, but is likely to be the case stated.

</doc>
<doc id="20058474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20058474" title="Brad Inman">
Brad Inman

Brad Inman may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20058494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20058494" title="W.F. Kaynor Technical High School">
W.F. Kaynor Technical High School

W. F. Kaynor Technical High School, or Kaynor Tech, is a technical high school located in Waterbury, Connecticut. Students from Waterbury and the surrounding towns can attend Kaynor. Kaynor Tech is part of the Connecticut Technical High School System.
History.
Since its opening in 1953, W.F. Kaynor Technical High School has undergone three expansion projects that have reflected the changing complexion of the community and have maintained pace with updated technology. When the school was initially opened, ten trades were offered. In 1968, one of the trades, "Watch, Clock, and Instrument Making", was considered obsolete and was replaced by Electronics. In 1973 Automotive Collision Repair was moved into their new location after years of sharing space in the Automotive Trade. Plumbing and Heating was also added at this time. In 1982, Culinary Arts was added. In 1985, Automatic Screw Machine was added, but a lack of interest by students, coupled with a decreased need in the community resulted in termination of the program in 1989. In the 2006-2010 school year Health Technology was added. To date, Twelve trades are offered. 
Technologies.
In addition to a complete Academic Program leading to a High School Diploma, students attending Kaynor Tech receive training in one of the following trades and technologies:

</doc>
<doc id="20058497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20058497" title="We All Need Love">
We All Need Love

"We All Need Love" is a 1992 song recorded by Italian Eurodance group Double You, led by William Naraine. It was the band's second single from its debut album "We All Need Love", released the same year, and confirmed the worldwide success of Double You. Written by Domenic Troiano, the song was recorded in June 1992, during a European tour. It became a top ten hit in France, Germany, Switzerland and Austria. The song was also released in Italy and Spain. There were various formats, including many remixes. In 1998, Mietta recorded a cover of the song in Italian-language, entitled "We All Need Love (Angeli Noi)" for her album "La Mia Anima".

</doc>
<doc id="20058510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20058510" title="Trevor Averre-Beeson">
Trevor Averre-Beeson

Trevor Averre-Beeson (born c. 1961) is a British schoolteacher who at 35 became the youngest secondary Headteacher at the time in the UK, when he was appointed, in 1996, Head of Mayfield School, Redbridge, London, a post he held for 7 years.
Education.
He attended the Sunbury Grammar School. He obtained a BSc degree in economics at Bradford and a DipEd at Leeds.
Career.
A decade earlier, and within a few years of qualifying, Trevor Averre-Beeson had attained a head of year position at the Boswells Comprehensive School, quickly progressing to become the Head of the School's Six form College in 1988. He moved to Islington Green School in 2002. Islington Green had a troubled past. It was the school Tony Blair refused to send his children to despite his public commitment to comprehensive education. It controversially failed its Ofsted inspection in 1997 with many saying the decision was a political one; to excuse the Blair's decision to choose another school.It was also the school that provided students to sing, controversially, on Pink Floyd's album The Wall - adding their voices to the infamous chorus 'We don't need no education'. 
Nine months after Averre-Beeson joined the school it passed its inspection and the Registered Inspector described him as “Visionary and Transformational” – communicating his effective vision to parents, teachers and students alike. In 2004 Tony Blair’s former speech writer Peter Hyman joined the school and wrote his book "One out of ten", comparing Averre-Beeson's leadership style favourably with Blair. Hyman and Averre-Beeson worked together to start the process of Islington Green becoming an Academy in 2008. The decision for the school to become an Academy was instigated by Averre-Beeson to improve the resources available to the school. Some including the NUT thought there were political considerations. They protested that becoming an Academy meant handing over the power of the school governors to the private city investors. The decision to become an Academy was unsuccessfully resisted. 
In 2007 Averre-Beeson was appointed Executive Head of Salisbury School in North London by the private firm Edison Schools, to effect his brand of transformation on the second poorest school in London.
Soon along with his team, he had reduced 200 exclusions to zero, doubled the key exam indicator and set the ground work to successfully pass its OFSTED inspection 5 terms after joining the school. Meanwhile the school had been refurbished in his trademark purple and changed its name to Turin Grove. The school's results improved including English and Maths and in 2009 it had a successful Ofsted inspection. The school later become an Academy and improved its results to 41.5% 5 A*-C inc E&M in 2011 
In January 2009 Trevor co-founded Lilac Sky Schools with his educational partner and became its Director of Education – broadening his chance to influence education throughout the UK.
FRSA.
In 2007, Trevor Averre-Beeson was named as one of the top 100 up and coming most influential people in London in the Evening Standard’s Poll and became a Fellow of the Royal Society of Arts (FRSA). 
Lilac Sky Schools has worked with over 30 schools since its inception. The company runs 4 schools. Notably Sky College in Somerset which was taken out of special measures within 12 months of being taken over. The HMI noted the influence of the Lilac Sky Team led by Trevor in its energy & enthusiasm supporting the school transforming from failure to success.

</doc>
<doc id="20058511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20058511" title="Maurizio Baglini">
Maurizio Baglini

Maurizio Baglini (born in Pisa, 1975) is an Italian pianist.
Prizewinner in major international piano competitions such as Concorso Busoni in Bolzano, Fryderyk Chopin Competition, he subsequently was awarded the 1998 William Kapell Competition's 3rd prize in Maryland, and 1999, aged only 24, he won the World Music Piano Master in Montecarlo.
Baglini is internationally active as a concert pianist. He performs as a soloist in important Orchestral Seasons - Philharmonique de Montecarlo, Barcelona, Zürich, New Japan Philharmic, Orchestra Toscanini di Parma with E. Krivine, A. Jordan, H. Griffiths, D. Renzetti, B. Wright.
In several famous worldwide Festivals, he performed as soloist like La Roque d'Antheron, Lockenhaus, Yokohama Piano Festival, Israel Festival Jerusalem, Festival Berlioz à la Côte St. André, Nuits Romantiques à Aix les Bains, Australian Chamber Music Festival, Benedetti Michelangeli Festival Bergamo e Brescia, Festival Jaque Klein Rio de Janeiro, among concerts in several famous concerthalls all over the world.
His performances have been reviewed by international press magazines like "Le Monde", "Le Figaro", "Washington Post", "American Record Guide".
Among his recordings, there's a period performance of Fryderyk Chopin's Etudes for Phoenix Classics. He has also recorded Ernest Chausson's Double Concerto for violin, piano and string quartet together with Pavel Berman, his teacher's Lazar Berman son, all Bach - Busoni piano works edited by Tudor, and Beethoven - Liszt Symphony n. 9 op. 125 published by Decca - Italy in 2009, following Liszt 2011 by Decca, and in Duo with Silvia Chiesa, Violoncello several other cds by Decca, since he has a permanent duo with the most famous Italian cellist Silvia Chiesa.
2005 M. B. founded the Amiata-piano-festival in Cinigiano/Grosseto, where he is the artistic director.
2011 he also became the artistic direktor of the Concerts at Palazzo Reale in Pisa, and the leader of the Chamber music Festival Montcaud/ Provence.
see also: www.mauriziobaglini.com

</doc>
<doc id="20058527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20058527" title="Robert Brennan (journalist)">
Robert Brennan (journalist)

Robert Brennan (1881 – 13 November 1964) was an Irish writer, diplomat and a founder of "The Irish Press" newspaper. He took part in the 1916 Easter Rising and later became the Irish Free State's first minister to the United States.
Life.
Brennan was born in County Wexford, Ireland. He was a member of the staff of the Echo Newspaper in Enniscorthy. He joined the Gaelic League and the Irish Volunteers and was recruited into the IRB by Seán T. O'Kelly.
He commanded the insurgents in Wexford during the 1916 Easter Rising and was sentenced to death. The sentence was commuted to penal servitude. His continuing political activity resulted in further imprisonments in 1917 and afterwards. His daughter Maeve Brennan was born while he was in prison. In April 1918 he was placed in charge of a newly formed Sinn Féin Department of Propaganda/Publicity. However, in November 1918 he was arrested in the run-up to the General Election (held in December), in an effort by the British Government to stifle the Sinn Féin election campaign. The election manifesto on which he had worked was "mutilated by the censor" - only about one half of it could be published. He became Sinn Féín National Director of Elections in December 1918. The election turned out to be a resounding success for the party.
He was Under-Secretary of Foreign Affairs, Dáil Éireann, from February 1921 to January 1922. He organised the Irish Race Convention in Paris in 1922.
He was director of publicity for the anti-Treaty Irish Republican Army during the Irish Civil War. He was a founder and a director, in 1934, of "The Irish Press" newspaper.
His imprisonments and activities greatly fragmented his daughter Maeve's childhood. In her story "The Day We Got Our Own Back" she recounts her memory of how, when she was five, her home was raided by Free State forces looking for her father, who was on the run. Robert Brennan describes the same incident in his memoir "Allegiance".
Robert Brennan was appointed the Irish Free State's first minister to the United States, and the family moved to Washington, D.C. in 1934. He was Minister Plenipotentiary to the US from 1938 to 1947. Robert, his wife, and one of his sons returned to Ireland (his three daughters remained in the United States) when he was appointed Director of Radio Éireann (1947–1948).
He wrote mystery stories as a hobby. He died in Dublin in 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="20058539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20058539" title="Oxford, Witney and Fairford Railway">
Oxford, Witney and Fairford Railway

The Oxford, Witney and Fairford Railway was a single track railway branch line, long, in Oxfordshire and Gloucestershire. It was opened in succession by two companies, the first in 1861 to connect the important woollen town of Witney to the main line network, and the second in 1873 as the rump of an ambitious scheme to connect to Cheltenham, but which ran only between Witney and Fairford. The junction with the main line was at Yarnton, north of Oxford.
The Great Western Railway worked the two companies' lines were worked as a single branch line from 1873, and later absorbed them. British Railways withdrew passenger services in 1962; a residual goods service to Witney remained until 1970. 
Origins.
Witney had been an important town with a significant woollen industry, but found itself at a competitive disadvantage as northern manufacturing towns gained railway connections. A number of schemes were put forward, including a possible branch from the London and Birmingham Railway at Tring.
The Oxford, Worcester and Wolverhampton Railway (OW&WR) opened on 4 June 1853 from Wolvercot Junction, on the Great Western Railway (GWR) a little north of Oxford to , and Witney had at least a nearby station at .
Nonetheless a railway to Witney itself was desirable, and after some false starts a public meeting was held on 23 December 1858 to propose a branch line from the OW&WR at Yarnton, where there was to be a new junction station. Sir Charles Fox was appointed Engineer and in the 1859 session a Bill was presented to Parliament to authorise the railway. Despite GWR opposition, the Witney Railway was authorised by Act of 1 August 1859. Capital was to be £50,000 in shares and £16,000 in borrowings.
Opening to Witney.
Joseph Pickering was appointed contractor to build the line, and an arrangement was made with the OW&WR company for it to work the line for 10 years for 50% of gross receipts. By the time of opening, the OW&WR had merged with another company and formed the West Midland Railway.
On 5 November 1861 Captain Tyler of the Board of Trade made a formal inspection. He approved the line for opening, noting that the Witney station was temporary only, "pending construction of a permanent station, the probable site of which is as yet uncertain". There was no turntable at Witney, so only tank engines might be used, and a turntable was to be provided within twelve months. Sidings seem not to have been provided at first. The line was single, and eight miles long, with earthworks and overbridges made for double track. It was to be worked on the "one engine in steam" principle.
The permanent way employed Seaton rails, in which the material below the head was formed in an inverted V in section; the rail was supported on a triangular longitudinal timber itself bedded on longitudinal timbers. Tyler commented that
This form of rail is not well adapted for obtaining a maximum of strength from the iron employed, but the roadway will I conceive be a safe one for the light traffic There is one disadvantage attending it, that it is not available for the application of points and crossings, and where these are employed, other forms of rails have to be intermingled with it.
The line was ceremonially opened amid considerable festivity on 13 November 1861, and the public passenger service started the next day, 14 November 1861. As the connections to the goods facilities were not yet in place, the operation of a goods service was delayed until 1 March 1862, a local contractor Malachi Bartlett being brought in to complete work apparently left unfinished by Pickering. It appears that goods working was performed by mixed (passenger and goods) trains.
There were four or five return trips to Oxford in the early years of the line's operation. Intermediate stations were at South Leigh and Eynsham.
At the time of planning the new line, the OW&WR was running through trains to London over the London and North Western Railway (LNWR) and Yarnton would have been an important interchange. By the time of opening, the OW&WR had changed its allegiance to the GWR, and Yarnton lost its significance. Building the new station there was the responsibility of the West Midland Railway, and they delayed opening it until summer 1863. It had a separate bay platform and run-round for the Witney trains.
The Company was profitable, earning between £4,000 and £4,600 throughout its first decade.
The East Gloucestershire Railway.
The East Gloucestershire Railway was originally conceived as a through line from Faringdon to Cheltenham, with a branch to Witney. It obtained an authorising Act in 1862 with share capital of £600,000, but GWR opposition frustrated the promoters' intentions, and a second Act was obtained on 29 July 1864, for a line to be worked by the Midland Railway. The GWR appealed against the arrangement, and the powers were reduced to building a line from Witney to Fairford, with share capital of £300,000.
The usual Board of Trade inspection took place on 10 January 1873 and the line was opened with the usual ceremony on 14 January 1873, with ordinary passenger operation starting the next day. In effect the line was simply an extension of the Witney line. The junction at Witney was on the Oxford side of the original Witney station, so that the new Witney station was on the new line; the former Witney station was reduced to the status of a goods station.
Stations on the new line were therefore Fairford, Lechlade, Alvescot, Bampton and Witney. The GWR operated the line (as a continuous branch incorporating the Witney line and the new extension) and also maintained the line.
Absorption by the GWR.
Whereas the Witney Railway had achieved its objective, of connecting the town to the railway network, the East Gloucestershire Railway failed in its long-distance objective. Limited to a local service only, and being worked by and dependent on the GWR, the question of its absorption by the larger company arose. The East Gloucestershire Company was absorbed by share purchase on 1 July 1890; the Witney Railway Company sold out on the same date.
The line was now in effect the Fairford branch of the GWR.
Stations and features on the line.
The stations on the line were:
Later years.
BR closed the line to passenger traffic on 18 June 1962. The section between Yarnton and Witney only remained open to goods traffic until 2 November 1970, when BR closed it completely.

</doc>
<doc id="20058549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20058549" title="USPTA">
USPTA

USPTA is the world's oldest and largest association of tennis-teaching professionals and was founded in 1927. With more than 15,000 members worldwide, USPTA offers more than 60 professional benefits to its members, including certification and extensive educational opportunities. USPTA offers opportunities for tennis-teaching professionals to improve their teaching skills and increase their business knowledge. The Association also serves as a forum for the exchange of information, ideas and experience among its members. 
USPTA is governed nationally by a democratically elected Executive Committee and Board of Directors. The Executive Committee includes two officers from each of the association's 17 regional divisions, plus the eight-member national Board of Directors and three past presidents. All officers are elected by the membership through divisional and national elections. Various committees are appointed at both the national and divisional levels. The daily administration of USPTA is overseen by the CEO at the World Headquarters in Houston.
USPTA sets the industry standard for certification and education of tennis-teaching professionals. In doing so, it unifies and strengthens the voice and image of its members. There are six categories of USPTA membership: applicant, certified Professional, Recreational Coach, corporate, honorary and retired. The Professional category – for full-time teaching professionals – requires a career-path certification process. The Recreational Coach membership is a noncareer-path category for people who coach or teach part time. USPTA also offers a certification in wheelchair tennis. For information on other categories please review the links below.
Approximately 13,000 USPTA members work in the United States. The rest represent more than 60 countries around the world. 
Today's tennis teachers are expected to assume a variety of business and social responsibilities in addition to their traditional job functions. USPTA helps prepare its members to meet these challenges. 
The majority of USPTA's membership consists of Professional-level members who work full time in the tennis industry. Professionals are rated at two levels, with Elite Professional being the highest, according to their scores on a five-part certification exam. USPTA Professionals have job titles including general manager, director of tennis, assistant professional and coach. They direct tennis businesses, develop tennis programming, oversee tennis operations, teach lessons and coach teams at all types of facilities, such as private and commercial clubs, public tennis centers and parks, colleges and schools. 
A small and growing part of the membership includes Recreational Coaches, who are part-time teachers of tennis.
Mission statement.
The purpose of USPTA shall be to elevate the standards of tennis-teaching professionals and coaches.

</doc>
<doc id="20058552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20058552" title="Bangers &amp; Cash">
Bangers &amp; Cash

Spank Rock and Benny Blanco Are... "Bangers & Cash" is an EP by Philadelphian Virginian alternative hip hop group Spank Rock and record producer Benny Blanco. The EP follows Spank Rock's 2006 debut album "YoYoYoYoYo". The album was released on October 9, 2007.
Background.
Spank Rock's frontman, Naeem Juwan, met Blanco when he was interning for the late Disco D. Blanco proposed the idea of creating an EP that was based on 2 Live Crew samples. Juwan was initially concerned that "it might be cheesy", but he continued that the EP "actually turned out to be really fun and I'm really proud of it." Like 2 Live Crew and Spank Rock's material, the EP included hypersexual lyrical content. Spank Rock and Benny Blanco co-wrote every song on "Bangers & Cash" together. It was described by Juwan as "just like club banger music, party music."
The EP's cover art is also a homage to 2 Live Crew, mimicking their "As Nasty As They Wanna Be" cover.
Release and reception.
The "Bangers & Cash" was ultimately released on October 9, 2007. Spank Rock and Benny Blanco also released videos for "Pu$$y", "B-O-O-T-A-Y", and "Loose".
"Rolling Stone" slated the album. The publication described the EP as "raunchy, megahorny hip-hop, [...] knowingly ridiculous and over-the-top", and stated that "Spank Rock seems to be on autopilot for most of the album, and neither his one-track mind nor Blanco's high-energy, low-payoff music produces anything worth going back to."
Track listing.
All tracks written by Naeem Juwan and Benjamin Levin.

</doc>
<doc id="20058554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20058554" title="Iowa Highway 210">
Iowa Highway 210

Iowa Highway 210 (Iowa 210) is an east–west highway in central Iowa covering . It begins at Iowa Highway 141 south of Woodward and ends at U.S. Route 65 south of Collins. The routing closely parallels and crosses the former Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Paul and Pacific Railroad grade. Passing through mostly rural farmland, Iowa 210 serves as a collector for two central Iowa freeways — Interstate 35 and Iowa 141.
Route description.
Iowa Highway 210 begins at an interchange with Iowa Highway 141 south of Woodward. Just north of Woodward, and immediately after crossing into Boone County, Iowa 210 turns east at the entrance to the Woodward Resource Center. The route crosses the meandering Des Moines River next to the former Milwaukee Road high bridge before entering Madrid. At Madrid, Iowa 210 shares one block, , with Iowa Highway 17.
Iowa Highway 210 continues east and enters Story County and the town of Slater. South of Huxley, Iowa 210 intersects U.S. Route 69. East of US 69, Iowa 210 serves as a collector route to Interstate 35, serving, on average, over 4500 vehicles per day. East of Interstate 35, Iowa Highway 210 primarily serves local traffic. Iowa 210 serves Cambridge via county highways and Maxwell directly. South of Collins, Iowa 210 ends at U.S. Route 65.
History.
Iowa Highway 210 was designated on 8 January 1938 as a double-spur route between Slater and Maxwell. It was extended eastward to US 65 and westward to Iowa 141, absorbing Iowa 89, in November 1980. In 1997, when Iowa 141 was upgraded to an expressway, the southern end of Iowa 210 was extended approximately . A mile marker 1A exists near mile marker 1 to account for the addition.

</doc>
<doc id="20058560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20058560" title="Ichthyology and GIS">
Ichthyology and GIS

A Geographic Information System is a tool for mapping and analyzing data. The ability to layer many features onto the same map and select or unselect as needed allows for a multitude of views and ease of interpreting data. More important, this allows for in depth scientific analysis and problem solving. 
Ichthyology involves many areas of study related to fishes and their habitat. The natural habitat is water, but fish are dependent upon many other factors. Water quality, type, food, cover, sediment are essential for the life cycle of any given fish. Being able to map the presence of certain species with layers of these features provides invaluable insight into species requirements. GIS is an essential tool that allows immediate visualization of all data present and to accurately interpret impacts of habitat degradation or species success. 
GIS.
GIS is useful when data is specific to a location. It is used to classify, analyze and understand data relationships based on the location and then drawing conclusions from the data. Data capture can occur in the field on small, handheld GPS devices, and then imported and compared to an existing map. This freedom of movement between field and computer is critical to streamlining data collection in field endeavors and generating more accurate data sets. 
Ichthyology.
Ichthyology requires an understanding species geographic requirements. Fish require different abiotic environments or sediments for successful completion of biological life cycle based on species. Serious examinations of species should always include habitat because habitat differences create changes in population. Sediment could thereby be mapped and changes in sediment could easily be verified using previous records while simultaneously showing changes in resident fish populations. 
Various factors relating to the fish life cycle, such as food sources, migration patterns, changes in spawning grounds, could all be more accurately explained and documented using GIS versus a more traditional paper. More important, data could be gathered in the field on handheld GPS units and downloaded directly to an existing map. Streamlining data entry removes error by having observations made and recorded and entered in the field while observations are actively being recorded and uploading the data to a computer upon return to the lab. The other alternative is making observations in the field and then recording the data upon return to the lab; this second technique can allow for opinions to affect how data in interpreted during collection.
Advantages.
One of the biggest advantages in using GIS is assimilating information and using it to highlight significance or irrelevant data. Use of GIS increases the possible integration of many different types of data into a single usable resource making analysis and interpretation easier as well as increasing management of the data involved. Ichthyology is a field of study that requires active examination of a multitude of areas at the same time for accurate study. GIS programs improve spatial data aspects frequently to accurately represent substrate, habitat, quality or other various factors. This tool enables scientists to access information and share results quickly and concisely. Scientists realize the need for a GIS component in their research as evidenced by the founding of such groups as Fishery-Aquatic Research Group. This group organizes an annual symposium with the expressed goal of furthering ichthyology research utilizing GIS.

</doc>
<doc id="20058564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20058564" title="Brown Building (Manhattan)">
Brown Building (Manhattan)

The Brown Building is a ten-story building that is part of the campus of New York University (NYU). It is located at 23-29 Washington Place, between Greene Street and Washington Square East in Greenwich Village, New York City.
It was built in 1900-01, designed by John Woolley in the neo-Renaissance style. It was originally named the Asch Building after its owner, Joseph J. Asch.
The top three floors of the building were at one time occupied by the Triangle Shirtwaist Factory, which was the site of the Triangle Shirtwaist Factory fire that killed 146 garment workers on March 25, 1911. The fire led to wide-ranging legislation requiring improved factory safety standards and helped spur the growth of the International Ladies' Garment Workers' Union. The building survived the fire and was refurbished. Three plaques on the southeast corner of the building commemorate the men and women who lost their lives in the fire.
NYU began to use the eighth floor of the building for a library and classrooms in 1916. Real estate speculator and philanthropist Frederick Brown later bought the building and subsequently donated it to the university in 1929, where it was renamed as the Brown Building. In 2002, the building was incorporated into the Silver Center for Arts and Science.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places and was named a National Historical Landmark in 1991. It was designated a New York City landmark in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="20058570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20058570" title="Bradley Inman">
Bradley Inman

Bradley Inman (aka Brad Inman) is an Internet entrepreneur and founder of several online and offline companies, including Inman News, HomeGain.com, TurnHere.com and Vook, an enhanced ebook publishing company. Inman's knowledge of the real estate industry dates back to his days as a syndicated real estate columnist with the "San Francisco Examiner". Inman is also the author of "Livable Neighborhoods of the Bay Area".

</doc>
<doc id="20058589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20058589" title="Philippe Le Billon">
Philippe Le Billon

Philippe Le Billon is a geographer, author and Associate Professor at the University of British Columbia, and a researcher at the Liu Institute for Global Issues. He earned an MBA in Paris and a doctorate at the University of Oxford. He has authored or co-authored several books on the economy and politics of war, and the role of corruption in war.

</doc>
<doc id="20058593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20058593" title="Ernst John von Freyend">
Ernst John von Freyend

Ernst John von Freyend (25 March 1909–1980) was a German Oberkommando der Wehrmacht officer who served during World War II as the adjutant to Field Marshal Wilhelm Keitel. He is notable for unwittingly helping to place the 20 July plot bomb that was intended to kill Adolf Hitler. 
Biography.
On 20 July 1944 he held the rank of Major and arrived at the Wolf's Lair headquarters in Rastenburg, East Prussia for a situation conference attended by Hitler. Also there as a subordinate to Field Marshal Keitel was Colonel Claus von Stauffenberg who arrived clutching a briefcase. As Stauffenberg was disabled following the loss of his right hand and two fingers from his left hand, von Freyend offered to carry it for him. Stauffenberg at first refused, but then relented upon approaching the conference room and he asked von Freyend to put him as near as possible to Hitler so that 'I catch everything the Führer says for my briefing afterwards'. Freyend placed the briefcase by the conference map table to the right of General Adolf Heusinger who was standing next to Hitler and Stauffenberg adjusted its position.
Freyend survived the explosion and the remainder of the war. After surrendering with Keitel he was briefly interrogated by the Americans who decided that he was not involved in military decision making and acted mainly as Keitel's valet.
Portrayal in the media.
Ernst John von Freyend has been portrayed by the following actors in film productions.

</doc>
<doc id="20058598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20058598" title="Rachel Wischnitzer">
Rachel Wischnitzer

Rachel Bernstein Wischnitzer (German: "Rahel Wischnitzer-Bernstein"), (April 14, 1885 - November 20, 1989) was an architect and art historian. 
Biography.
Wischnitzer was born into a middle-class Jewish family in Minsk, in Czarist Russia, the daughter of Wladimir and Sophie (Halpern) Bernstein. Rachel's father was for a time in the insurance business. She had one sibling, a younger brother, Gustave, who later became a chemist. She learned Hebrew as a child, and her family observed the major Jewish holidays. After her family moved to Warsaw, she attended a state gymnasium there. At school she became interested in mathematics and the natural sciences. She learned French and German, and took private lessons in Polish. At this time she also developed an interest in Jewish history and culture.
Wischnitzer studied at the University of Heidelberg in 1902 to 1903. She went on to study architecture in Brussels, at the Academie Nationale des Beaux-Arts, and in 1907 graduated from the École Spéciale d'Architecture in Paris, one of the first women to receive a degree in that field. She also studied art history for two semesters at the University of Munich in 1909 to 1910. After her return to Russia, she continued to publish scholarly articles and reviews, and to develop her ideas about Jewish art. She was especially interested in illuminated medieval Hebrew manuscripts, which she studied in the collections of St. Petersburg. 
In 1912 Rachel (Bernstein) married Mark Wischnitzer (1882-1955), a sociologist and historian, who was one of the editors of the Russian-language edition of the "Jewish Encyclopedia" (Evreiskaia entsiklopediia), where her first writings on synagogue architecture and ceremonial objects were published. The couple moved to Berlin in the 1920s, where they together launched the Hebrew and Yiddish illustrated companion journals "Rimon" and "Milgroym". Featuring perspectives on art, literature and scholarship by both East European and German-Jewish writers and artists, six issues of the journal appeared between 1922 and 1924, with Mark serving as general editor and Rachel Wischnitzer as artistic editor.
During her time in Berlin Rachel Wischnitzer was also art and architecture editor of the "Encyclopaedia Judaica", from 1928 to 1934, and worked with the Jewish Museum Berlin, in part as a curator, from 1928 to 1938. She was one of the most important Jewish art critics of the century.
Rachel and Mark Wischnitzer, together with their son, Leonard (born in 1924), fled Nazi Germany in 1938, emigrating at first to Paris. From there Rachel and Leonard left for the United States in 1940, with Mark joining them in the following year.
Now in her fifties, Wischnitzer returned to formal academic study at the Institute of Fine Arts at New York University, where she earned a master's degree in 1944. During that time she was a research fellow of the American Academy for Jewish Research. Later, she was a professor at Stern College for Women of Yeshiva University, from 1956 until she retired in 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="20058602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20058602" title="Jan Elfring">
Jan Elfring

Johan Gerard Hendrik "Jan" Elfring (8 February 1902 – 4 September 1977) was a Dutch footballer who earned 15 caps for the Dutch national side between 1926 and 1928, scoring two goals, and participated at the 1928 Summer Olympics. He played club football for Alcmaria Victrix.

</doc>
<doc id="20058604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20058604" title="Houphouët-Boigny Bridge">
Houphouët-Boigny Bridge

Houphouët-Boigny Bridge is a road and rail bridge over the Ébrié Lagoon which links the two halves of the city Abidjan in Ivory Coast.
The structure is a girder bridge, hollow box, double deck bridge with eight spans of 46.5 m each thus resulting a total length of 372 m

</doc>
<doc id="20058624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20058624" title="Powerlifting at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 90 kg">
Powerlifting at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 90 kg

The men's 90 kg powerlifting event at the 2008 Summer Paralympics was contested on 15 September at the Beihang University Gymnasium in Beijing, China. This event was the third-heaviest of the men's powerlifting weight classes, limiting competitors to a maximum of of body mass.
As with all Paralympic powerlifting events, lifters competed in the bench press. Each athlete was allowed three attempts to bench press as much weight as possible. Athletes attempting to break a record were allowed a fourth attempt. For the attempt to be valid, the competitor must have lowered the weighted bar to his chest, held it motionless for a moment, then pressed the bar upwards until his arms were fully extended. If the competitor failed to meet these requirements or any other rule infraction was committed, the attempt was declared invalid by a team of three referees and the result struck from the record.
Results.
Key: NMR=No marks recorded

</doc>
<doc id="20058645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20058645" title="Bill Tozer">
Bill Tozer

William Louis "Bill" Tozer (July 3, 1882 – February 23, 1955), was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played in with the Cincinnati Reds. He batted and threw right-handed. Tozer had a 0–0 record, with a 1.69 ERA, in four games, in his one year career. 
He was born in St. Louis, Missouri and died in Belmont, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20058668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20058668" title="Stuart Richardson House">
Stuart Richardson House

The Stuart Richardson House was built for an actuary and his wife, who owned the house until 1970. It is the most complex of the Frank Lloyd Wright designed New Jersey residences.
The Richardson House, designed in 1941 and built a decade later, is set on a large suburban lot devoid of dramatic vistas. It is one of Wright's later "usonian" houses, which were designed to be functional homes for people of average means.
The Richardson House is a rare example of Frank Lloyd Wright's Usonian houses based on a hexagon unit module. An oasis in the middle of a suburban landscape of Glen Ridge, the house was constructed of red brick, cypress wood, red concrete mat and glass.
Like other Usonian houses, this one has no formal dining room. Usonian houses typically have grand living rooms flooded with light from floor-to-ceiling windows. This residence has 15 glass doors framing the living room. 

</doc>
<doc id="20058670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20058670" title="Education in Northern Cyprus">
Education in Northern Cyprus

Education in Northern Cyprus is organized by the Ministry of National Education and Culture. 5 years of primary education is mandatory. As of the 2011, Nazım Çavuşoğlu is the Minister of education and culture of Northern Cyprus.
Kindergarten.
Children in Northern Cyprus, below age 6, can attend kindergartens of public and private institutions. Kindergarten is not mandatory.
Elementary school.
Elementary school provides 5 years of education for children between the ages of 6 and 11. All elementary schools are public and free.
High school.
High schools provide a minimum 6 years of education, where 3 years last for junior high school ("Ortaokul"). There are different kinds of high schools in Northern Cypriot education system, such as standard public high schools, private high schools, science high schools, vocational high schools, technical high schools and fine arts high schools. As of 2008, there are 18 high schools, 14 junior high schools and 12 vocational high schools.
Universities.
All of universities in Northern Cyprus are private except Eastern Mediterranean University. There are 50,000 university students from 70 countries in nine universities in Northern Cyprus.
There are nine Northern Cypriot universities:
Atatürk Teacher Academy and Police Academy provide vocational education in related subjects.

</doc>
<doc id="20058676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20058676" title="Schravenlant">
Schravenlant

Schravenlant is a high school in the town Schiedam, which is located in the Netherlands.
It has about 650 pupils in ages varying from 12 to 18.
Although the school is Dutch there are many different nationalities represented within the school.

</doc>
<doc id="20058686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20058686" title="Second Abidjan Bridge">
Second Abidjan Bridge

Second Abidjan Bridge is a road bridge over the Ébrié Lagoon which links the two halves of the city of Abidjan in Côte d'Ivoire.
The structure is a girder bridge, hollow box bridge with ten spans, two spans of 35 m and eight spans of 58 m each thus resulting a total length of 592 m.

</doc>
<doc id="20058690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20058690" title="Giffordland">
Giffordland

Giffordland is in North Ayrshire, Parish of Dalry (Cunninghame) in the former Region of Strathclyde.
Introduction.
Giffordland was only a small barony, however the families associated with it played an active part in the history of feudal Scotland.
The name is given as just 'Gifford' on Armstrong's 1775 map and Ainslie's 1821 map and as 'Giffertland Mains' on the first 6 inch OS maps of 1840 - 1880. A Giffordland Mill, originally with stepping stones and now a bridge, lie at the Caaf Water (Keaff in 1747 ); a smithy lay close to the Caaf Water near the Dalry to West Kilbride Road. A limekiln were located near to the 'Mains' farm buildings. A ford existed over the Auldmuir Burn until the late 19th century. 
The Auldmuir Burn runs through a deeply cut glen which has been planted up with beech trees in the vicinity of Giffordland Farm. A small building sat close to the junction of the road to Auldmuir an a building known as 'Green House' is marked as a ruin in the 1840 - 1880 OS map and an active settlement on Roy's map of 1747.
History.
The Barony of Giffordland included the estate of Auldmuir, including the one merk land of Wardlaw and Bradshaw. Paterson describes Gifford as being a mansion house set on the banks of a rivulet (the Auldmuir Burn) about two miles West of Dalry, small in dimensions, but surrounded by old woods. Robertson gives the same account, but states in the 1820s that it was "not in the best of order.". Its rental value at the time was £123 6s 8d. The Barony would have had a Moot hill and interestingly the small mound in the Giffordland Glen shows signs of having been artificially altered (see illustration). Giffordland had also been known as Netherton.
The Giffords.
Gifford or Giffordland takes its name from the Giffords or Giffards, a Norman family who under King William the Lion (1165–1214) obtained lands in Scotland, such as the Parish of Yester in the Lothians near Haddington. The male line failed with Sir Hugh Gifford who had four daughters and died in 1409. Robertson relates that Sir Thomas Boyd of Kilmarnock married Alice, one of these four daughter co-heiresses, but he does not actually record any relationship with the Craufurds of Kilmarnock, progenitors of the Gifford cadet branch at just this time. A village named Gifford is located near the old Yester Castle of the Gifford's in East Lothian.
The Craufurds.
The Craufurds of Giffordland were cadets of the house of Craufurdland. John was the first of the line, son of John Craufurd of Craufurdland and living in 1440 was succeeded by his son John in 1480. Andrew Craufurd of Giffordland was killed at Flodden in 1513 and in 1547 John Craufurd was killed at the battle of Pinkie, having married twice, once to the daughter of the Laird of Kelburne; and secondly to the daughter of the Laird of Hunterston. The Craufurds of Birkheid were cadets of Giffordland. In 1543 John Craufurd of Giffordland and John Craufurd of Birkheid were found to have failed to support Mary Queen of Scots at the Siege of Coldingham during the troubles linked to King Henry VIII of England's attempts to persuade the Scottish Queen to marry his son, Prince Edward. John Craufurd obtained a grant of the lands of Giffordland from James VI under the Great Seal on 27 March 1576. His wife was Margaret Blair daughter of John Blair of that Ilk. He died in 1583.
At the Castle of Blair on May 3, 1595, Margaret Craufurd and her husband Thomas Craufurd of Giffordland granted their eldest daughter, Grizel and her husband, John Blair of Windyedge, a third part of the Three pound land of Giffordland. At a later stage they also gave the lands of Bradshaw (Broadshaw) and Knockendon. It is recorded that Margaret Craufurd could not write and it is clear from the original parchment that the notary had to guide her hand. From this marriage the Blairs of Giffordland were descended. 
Isabel Craufurd, Grizel's sister, married John Craufurd of Walston and had been retoured a portion of the Giffordland lands in 1548; their son John died in France. Thomas Craufurd of Walston, their direct descendent, is recorded as a portioner of Giffordland after 1600 and he married a daughter of the Laird of Craufurdland. Alexander Blair of Giffordland married Jeane Broun of Burrowland in the early 17th century and had two sons, Alexander and John; Alexander inherited Giffordland.
The Craufurds, as lairds of Giffordland, maintained a town house in Irvine. A 1499 inventory records that the house contained two dinner tables, five benches, kitchen equipment, three storage chests, five beds with bedding, and pillows, an iron chimney and tongs.
The Boyds and Blairs.
In 1577 Isabella and Margaret Craufurd, daughters of the deceased John Craufurd of Giffertland, with the agreement of their husbands (John Craufurd and Thomas Craufurd), agreed to the resignation of the three pound lands of Mains of Giffertland or Nethertoun, with the manor-place, etc to Robert, Lord Boyd. The two and a half merk lands of Birkatt; six merk lands of Braidschaw; and two merk lands of Knockindone, also in the Lordship of Giffertland were in addition resigned. John Blair obtained the Superiority of Birkatt.
In 1614 Robert Lord Boyd inherited 'Giffertland' from his father, Robert, Master of Boyd. Alexander Blair inherited the lands from his father in 1634, confirmed by the Superior, Lord Boyd, in 1641. He married a Jean Brown of Burrowland and his second son, John, became Laird of Burrowland. The line continued and William Blair married an English Lady, having two sons, the eldest of whom, Edward, was a ward of Chancery due to a commission of lunacy and the youngest therefore became proprietor. William Dobie states that the younger brother died in London and Edward was therefore the end of the direct male line. Alexander Blaire of Giffartland (sic) paid £18 4s 02d feu deuty in 1666 for his lands of Barow Landis (sic) and others pertaining to him.
The Morrises.
The estate of Auldmuir, including the one merk land of Wardlaw is recorded as having been owned in 1807 by Robert Morris of Craig in Kilmaurs parish, whose son, Hugh Baxter Morris also inherited Auldmuir and the Wardlaws. 
Thirdpart farm.
The farm of this name appears to have its origin in the marriage settlement or dowry of Grizel Craufurd in 1595.
Natural history.
Giffordland Glen is a provisional Wildlife Site, listed as such by the Scottish Wildlife Trust due to its old woodlands and biodiversity. 

</doc>
<doc id="20058698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20058698" title="Wrath (Lamb of God album)">
Wrath (Lamb of God album)

Wrath is the sixth studio album by American groove metal band Lamb of God. It was released on February 23, 2009. It achieved number 2 on "Billboard" 200, with sales exceeding 68,000 in the U.S. during its first week of release. As of 2010 it has sold over 202,000 copies in the United States.
Background and production.
In August, 2008, it was announced that the band had commenced work on the follow-up to "Sacrament", and that it was expected to be released on February 24, 2009. Josh Wilbur was confirmed as the producer for the album. Wilbur takes the place of the band's previous producer, Machine, who worked with them on "Ashes of the Wake" and "Sacrament".
The recording process of "Wrath" was made available for online viewing through the band's website, with two webcams installed in the studio (specifically in the drum room and mixing room).
A producer version of the album with 4 split tracks per song (vocals, guitars, bass, drums) is available on the Deluxe Producer Edition Bonus CD (2009) allowing people to analyse and remix the individual elements of the album.
Music and album direction.
Speaking about the record, drummer Chris Adler stated:
"This album is going to surprise a lot of people. Typically bands that get to where we are in our career begin to slack off, smell the roses and regurgitate. We chose a different path. No one wants to hear another band member hyping a new record. ‘Wrath’ needs no hype. We have topped ourselves and on February 24 you will feel it." 
"We are excited to be changing things up this time and working with Josh. We've never stayed in one place too long, and the Band's evolution continues. There is an aggressive shift in the material and our approach. The bar has been raised."
Guitarist Mark Morton was also quoted in an interview stating:
"We usually try to do something fresh every time. This one, I think, is deliberately a little more raw and more aggressive than 'Sacrament' was. 'Sacrament' was a really, really dynamic record on every level, and the songs were all over the place — it was also heavily produced. This one's really raw and real-sounding, from every angle, and we're celebrating imperfections on this record. We're choosing what takes stay on the record based more on their character and personality than how completely mechanically precise they are. It's more about vibe and attitude in the takes than it is about, 'Wow, that was perfect.' It's the perfect ones that get thrown away, because they're just too sterile."
"The guitar tones are a little cleaner than normal," he added. "We're kind of getting into this mind-set that clean is heavy. Clarity is a lot heavier than oversaturated. It's just real raw and natural and organic-sounding, which, in itself, is kind of revolutionary these days, when kids are making pro audio-sounding recordings in their dorm rooms, on their laptops, and cutting and pasting verses and choruses. It's no longer cutting edge to make a completely space-aged, robotic-sounding record. I think it's almost fresh now to make one that sounds like an actual band played it. Don't get me wrong — it still sounds airtight and rehearsed, because it is all those things. But it's just real."
Reception.
Initial critical response to "Wrath" was positive. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the album has received an average score of 74, based on 14 reviews.
The "Los Angeles Times" stated:
On its new album, "Wrath", the Virginia band roots its best songs in a Motörhead swagger that makes the growly moments stickier and gives the stadium-sized choruses a hint of righteous evil.
IGN gave it an 8 out of 10 and stated:
The highlight of "Wrath", however, is the band's technical prowess, which is omnipresent. And Blythe leads the charge valiantly, with a passel of angry proclamations. While Lamb of God doesn't exactly reinvent the wheel this time out, this is an impressive album—meaning it should be taken as a whole, cohesive listening experience. That's the best way of soaking up all the nuances and subtleties that make Lamb of God a standout American-metal band.
"Spin" gave it a six out of ten and stated:
The latest outburst of controlled aggression from these veteran Virginia metallurgists proves that consistency is a blessing and a curse. As always, the palm-muted jackhammer riffs and Randy Blythe's elastic denunciations of liars, hypocrites, and lying hypocrites are frightfully precise. [...] But primally satisfying as it is, the band's meat-and-taters thrash leaves one hungry for some Mastodon-style lateral thinking. Or not.
AllMusic has given it mixed comments, stating:
There's no denying the sheer "angry basement workout/summer garage weightlifting" potential that "Wrath"'s perfectly acceptable 45-minute running time offers, but without a single hook that sticks around long enough to reel in the fish, all you've got is bait.
"Rolling Stone" also gave a little negative review on it, saying:
On their sixth album, "Wrath", the fearsome fivesome opt for a somewhat varied but hardly visionary attack mode, occasionally lurching into a groove or tune. The song titles betray a cynicism over military and religious affairs, but growl-to-screech front-monster Randy Blythe never makes his anger coherent [...] "Wrath" opens and closes with spans of placid subtlety — a welcome touch that doesn't make up for all the raging roteness in between.
Blabbermouth.net has stated:
Despite Grammy nods, being hand-picked as direct support for Metallica, album sales out the ass and other invasions into the mainstream, Lamb of God haven't lightened up one damn bit. In fact, "Wrath" is nowhere near the over-produced product of a major label success story many of us were waiting for. Nope, "Wrath" is one raw, vicious and relentless mother fucker; the proverbial snarling beast that has finally broken from its cage and is out for blood...Thankfully, Lamb of God has yet to reach that point where they feel the need to re-invent the wheel, or even themselves for that matter. Since "Ashes of the Wake", this has been a band who are very comfortable in their own shoes and will continue to wear them with pride as they kick the shit out of all of us.
About.com gave positive reviews on the album by stating:
The album closer "Reclamation" also starts acoustically before taking the listener on a 7 minute trip through various tempos, intensities and vocal styles. "Wrath" may not have a signature single like "Redneck" from their last CD "Sacrament", but overall it's just as powerful and potent.
Awards.
In 2010, Lamb of God was nominated for a Grammy, at the 52nd Grammy Awards, for "Set To Fail" in the Best Metal Performance category, but lost out to Judas Priest's "Dissident Aggressor". In 2011, the band was nominated for a Grammy, at the 53rd Grammy Awards, for "In Your Words" in the Best Metal Performance category, but lost to Iron Maiden's "El Dorado".

</doc>
<doc id="20058699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20058699" title="Pierre Massy">
Pierre Massy

Petrus Hubertus "Pierre" Massy (3 February 1900 – 3 August 1958) was a Dutch footballer who earned 12 caps for the Dutch national side between 1926 and 1928, scoring three goals, and participated at the 1928 Summer Olympics. He played club football for Willem II.

</doc>
<doc id="20058705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20058705" title="Save Us from Our House">
Save Us from Our House

Save Us From Our House! is a Canadian reality series, produced by General Purpose Pictures, which aired on W Network in Canada on Thursdays, 9:30pm e/p. The series is hosted by Hina Khan, a relationship strategist and Dylan Marcel, a home renovation expert. The program focuses on families who are suffering interpersonal tensions due to their living spaces. Khan, a licensed psychotherapist, counsels the family through their relationship difficulties, while Marcel, a construction contractor, remodels the home into a more welcoming and family-oriented living space.
Show format.
Hina meets the family in a sit down interview, while Dylan is given a tour of the house by the homeowner. After Hina meets with the family she designs a series of challenges for the family to participate in. These challenges focus on teamwork and promote activities for bringing the family together. After Dylan's visit with the homeowner, he and his team of contractors focus on renovating the home to create a more welcoming and family-oriented living space. While these renovations are taking place Hina stops in to check on the family and Dylan's renovation progress. Once the renovations are complete the changes are revealed to the family with Dylan and Hina present to recap their experience. A few weeks later the hosts return to the house to revisit and see what effect the renovations and lifestyle coaching has had on their lives.
Theme song.
The program's theme song is an instrumental portion of Spirit of the West's 1990 single "Save This House".

</doc>
<doc id="20058719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20058719" title="Guelph General Hospital">
Guelph General Hospital

Guelph General Hospital is a medical care facility in Guelph, Ontario, Canada. It is a 165-bed facility employing 224 doctors among a total staff of about 1200. Prior to cutbacks in the 2008/2009 fiscal year, the hospital operated 181 beds.
The facility opened as a 12-bed unit on 16 August 1875.

</doc>
<doc id="20058756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20058756" title="Hard hexagon model">
Hard hexagon model

In statistical mechanics, the hard hexagon model is a 2-dimensional lattice model of a gas, where particles are allowed to be on the vertices of a triangular lattice but no two particles may be adjacent. 
The model was solved by , who found that it was related to the Rogers-Ramanujan identities.
The partition function of the hard hexagon model.
For a triangular lattice with "N" sites, the grand partition function is
where "g"("n", "N") is the number of ways of placing "n" particles on distinct lattice sites such that no 2 are adjacent. The variable "z" is called the activity and larger values correspond roughly to denser configurations. The function κ is defined by
so that log(κ) is the free energy per unit site. Solving the hard hexagon model means (roughly) finding an exact expression for κ as a function of "z".
The mean density ρ is given for small "z" by
The vertices of the lattice fall into 3 classes numbered 1, 2, and 3, given by the 3 different ways to fill space with hard hexagons. There are 3 local densities ρ1, ρ2, ρ3, corresponding to the 3 classes of sites. When the activity is large the system approximates one of these 3 packings, so the local densities differ, but when the activity is below a critical point the three local densities are the same. The critical point separating the low-activity homogeneous phase from the high-activity ordered phase is "z""c" = (11 + 53/2)/2 = 11.0917... Above the critical point the local densities differ and in the phase where most hexagons are on sites of type 1 can be expanded as 
Solution.
The solution is given for small values of "z" < "z""c" by 
where
For large "z" > "z""c" the solution (in the phase where most occupied sites have type 1) is given by 
The functions "G" and "H" turn up in the Rogers-Ramanujan identities, and the function "Q" is closely related to the Dedekind eta function. If "x" = e2πiτ, then "q"−1/60"G"("x"), "x"11/60"H"("x"), "x"−1/24"P"("x"), "z", κ, ρ, ρ1, ρ2, and ρ3 are modular functions of τ, while "x"1/24"Q"("x") is a modular form of weight 1/2. Since any two modular functions are related by an algebraic relation, this implies that the functions "κ", "z", "R", "ρ" are all algebraic functions of each other (of quite high degree) .

</doc>
<doc id="20058772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20058772" title="Powerlifting at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 100 kg">
Powerlifting at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 100 kg

The men's 100 kg powerlifting event at the 2008 Summer Paralympics was contested on 16 September at the Beihang University Gymnasium in Beijing, China. This event was the second-heaviest of the men's powerlifting weight classes, limiting competitors to a maximum of of body mass. Powerlifters were divided into two groups, A and B, with group B beginning their lifts at 13:00 and group A at 13:45.
As with all Paralympic powerlifting events, lifters competed in the bench press. Each athlete was allowed three attempts to bench press as much weight as possible. Athletes attempting to break a record were allowed a fourth attempt. For the attempt to be valid, the competitor must have lowered the weighted bar to his chest, held it motionless for a moment, then pressed the bar upwards until his arms were fully extended. If the competitor failed to meet these requirements or any other rule infraction was committed, the attempt was declared invalid by a team of three referees and the result struck from the record.
Results.
Key: WR=World record

</doc>
<doc id="20058790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20058790" title="Eforia Spitalelor Civile">
Eforia Spitalelor Civile

Eforia Spitalelor Civile () was a non-profit organization which managed hospitals in Wallachia and Moldavia. Created by general Pavel Kiselyov in 1832 the organization survived until 1948, when it was abolished by the communist authorities. Initially, by General Kiselyov's decree of April 2, 1832, the board had the authority of managing the Colţea, Pantelimon and Filantropia hospitals in Bucharest. In the course of time, it created and managed other hospitals, mainly in Walachia, but also in Moldova.
The Board was reorganized on October 2, 1864, when new legislation required the board's budget to be submitted to parliament's approval and that the accounting be done according to government regulations and subject of the control of the Court of Accounts ("Curtea de conturi").
To finance the hospitals, the board had been endowed with land property, a significant part located in the territories of the former Turkish rayas. By 1921 it had a property of tens of thousands hectares of farm land and over 50,000 hectares of forests. After the agrarian reform of the 1920s, the Board retained its right on the payments for oil extraction from its former properties. The board also owned several important buildings in Bucharest and several hotels in Sinaia.

</doc>
<doc id="20058791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20058791" title="Paul Galanti">
Paul Galanti

Paul Edward Galanti was an American Prisoner of War (active 1966–1973) during the Vietnam war, a member of the Swift Boat Veterans for Truth, and the 2nd Commissioner of the Virginia Department of Veterans Services. He is married to the former Phyllis Eason, and they have two grown sons.
Career.
Galanti grew up in an Army family; his relatives had served in Japan, France, Turkey and Germany. He graduated from Valley Forge Military Academy in 1957 and the U. S. Naval Academy in 1962, where he was the president of his class. He immediately entered Navy jet flight training at the Naval Air Station, Pensacola, Florida. Following completion of advanced training in November 1963, he became a flight instructor in Pensacola. In November 1964, he joined Navy Light Jet Attack Squadron 216 (VA-216) based aboard the carrier, USS "Hancock", which departed for Southeast Asia in November 1965. Galanti flew 97 combat missions in his A-4 Skyhawk before being shot down and captured on June 17, 1966. He remained a prisoner of war of the North Vietnamese for nearly seven years and was released on February 12, 1973.
Following rehabilitation at Portsmouth Naval Hospital, the Navy sent him to the Navy Recruiting District in Richmond, Virginia as its new Executive Officer. In May 1976, he received a Master of Commerce degree (MBA) from the University of Richmond, after two years of night school. He then became Commanding Officer of the Richmond Recruiting District. In July 1979, he moved to Annapolis, to become part of the Office of the Commandant at the Naval Academy, which was responsible for the military and leadership training of 750 academy midshipmen. Additionally, he became faculty advisor to the Brigade of Midshipmen Drum & Bugle Corps, the Lucky Bag (Academy yearbook), and the Midshipmen Honor Committee.
After being medically retired from the Navy in 1983, he became the first non-pharmacist Executive Director of the Virginia Pharmaceutical Association. Joining the Medical Society of Virginia staff in September 1991, Galanti became the Executive Vice President of the society on January 1, 1993. In both organizations, he used his computer expertise to vault them into the forefront nationally for association automation. In 2000, he was the Virginia Campaign Director for Senator John McCain's Presidential bid. In 2004, Galanti participated in the Swift Boat Veterans for Truth's ad campaign targeted at then-presidential contender John Kerry. He also worked with Senator McCain again on the senator's presidential bid in 2008.
He is the former President of the Virginia Aviation Foundation, the former President of the Science Museum of Virginia Foundation, the former President of Nam-POWs, a member of the national Vietnam POW Fraternity, and an elder at First Presbyterian Church in Richmond, Virginia. Additionally, he serves on the Secretary of Veterans Affairs' Advisory Committee on Former POWs. He is currently active in the American Ex-Prisoners of War service organization. The Virginia War Memorial in Richmond, VA has an education wing named, "The Paul & Phyllis Galanti Education Center," where he serves as commissioner.In 2009, Paul was appointed as the 2nd Commissioner of the Virginia Department of Veterans Service.
Recognition.
Galanti's decorations from his time in the Navy include the Silver Star, combat awards of two Legions of Merit and the Bronze Star Medal, nine combat Air Medals, and two Purple Hearts. Galanti has appeared in several documentary films including the Discovery Channel’s Emmy Award-winning "Vietnam POWs, Stories of Survival" and Public Television's "Return With Honor." He was also inducted into the Virginia Aviation Hall of Fame in November 2005 on the basis of his career, and a replica of his A-4C from VA-216 is on display at the Virginia Aviation Museum in Richmond. Galanti appeared on the covers of Life (October 20, 1967) and Newsweek (February 26, 1973) and in the August 19, 1999 issue of Time. Selling Power highlighted his success story in a six page motivation section, "Never Give Up, Never Give In", in its May/June 1996 issue. It also chose him as one of the twelve outstanding motivators in the United States in September 1996. 

</doc>
<doc id="20058793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20058793" title="Spiteri">
Spiteri

Spiteri is a common Maltese surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="20058796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20058796" title="George Sinclair (mercenary)">
George Sinclair (mercenary)

George Sinclair (c. 1580–1612) was a Scottish mercenary who fought in the Kalmar War, and was posthumously remembered in Norway. In Norway, his name is often rendered "Sinklar".
Early life.
George Sinclair was the illegitimate son of a Caithness laird, David Sinclair of Stirkoke, and nephew of the Earl of Caithness. He was educated at Edinburgh High School and in 1595 participated in a mutiny which ended after the city officers stormed the school; according to a Norwegian source Sinclair shot a bailie with a pistol.
Career.
Like many of his compatriots, Sinclair sought wealth and fame serving in the armies of Europe. When James VI passed a decree in 1607 allowing his subjects to serve overseas, Sinclair raised a contingent of men from his clan.
An early German basket hilt sword, the Sinclair hilt, was named after him due to the popularity of these weapons among Scottish mercenaries. Many of these swords were brought back to Scotland and influenced the development of the basket-hilted claymore, a symbol of Scotland.
Death.
Sinclair's forces were taken to Norway in 1612 by the pirate Robert Stewart to fight Scotland's enemies the Danes, responsible for privateering. At the Battle of Kringen, Sinclair was ambushed by Norwegian militia along with 300 of his men while marching through Norway to join the army of the Swedish king Gustavus Adolphus. Sinclair, riding at the head of the column and wearing a plumed helmet, was the first to fall; he was shot by Sjelstad, a Norwegian militiaman. The officers, including the expedition leader, Colonel Ramsey, were ransomed while the remaining 15 survivors were conscripted into the Danish army.
Captured Scottish weapons, including a pistol, a lochabar axe and several basket hilt claymores, were put on display at the Gudbrandsdal Museum, Kvam, to commemorate the battle.
Sinclair's grave has become a popular tourist attraction. The incident was long remembered as a symbol of Norwegian resistance.
Legacy.
Sinclair was immortalised in the poem "The Ballad of George Sinclair" translated into English from the original Danish and attributed to Adam Oehlenschläger, Denmark's national poet.
Childe Sinclair and his menyie steered <br>
Across the salt sea waves; <br>
But at Kringellens' mountain gorge <br>
They filled untimely graves.
They crossed the stormy waves so blue, <br>
for Swedish gold to fight; <br>
May burning curses on them fall<br>
That strike not for the right!
The horned moon is gleaming red,<br>
The waves are rolling deep;<br>
A mermaid trolled her demon lay -<br>
Childe Sinclair woke from sleep.
Turn round, turn round thou Scottish youth,<br>
Or loud thy sire shall mourn;<br>
For if thou touchest Norway's strand,<br>
Thou never shall return.
Henrik Wergeland wrote a historical tragedy of the incident, "Sinklars Død" (Death of Sinclair), in about 1840. Wergeland also refers to the battle in his known poem "Norges Fjelde" (mountains of Norway), where he calls the lumber barricade used in the ambush a "barricade of freedom".

</doc>
<doc id="20058843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20058843" title="Pubcast">
Pubcast

A pubcast is an online presentation that includes the combination of video with a published research article. This is accomplished by using an in-browser application software that enables the ability to select particular portions of the published article to be displayed at particular points in a video timeline. The result is a synchronized presentation posted online.
Variation.
The term pubcast is used as a coloqualism to describe a video conference session in an unlikely place, such as a pub. The session is intended to include a remote participant in a social event.
The term Pubcast is used to descirbe a Podcast that is primarily or entirely recorded in a pub.
History.
The term pubcast was coined by Phil Bourne, co-founder of SciVee, a web 2.0 a science video sharing website in early 2007.
Christophe Delire is conceiver of the PostModemArt WebOpera. 
Christophe uses pubcast.be since 2007 to make realtime exhibitions where information ia played "live" and dynamically on a vertical time line (like a blog).
External links.
a pubcast definition
how a pubcast is created
example of a pubcast

</doc>
<doc id="20058846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20058846" title="Bukata">
Bukata

Bukata may refer to several places:

</doc>
<doc id="20058860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20058860" title="Felix Smeets">
Felix Smeets

Felix Smeets (29 April 1904 – 14 March 1961) was a Dutch footballer who earned 14 caps for the Dutch national side between 1927 and 1927, scoring 7 goals, and participated at the 1928 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="20058863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20058863" title="Giurgeni–Vadu Oii Bridge">
Giurgeni–Vadu Oii Bridge

The Giurgeni–Vadu Oii Bridge is a bridge in Romania, over the Danube river, between Giurgeni commune and Vadu Oii village on the DN2A (E60) national road.
The bridge, constructed as a steel truss bridge, is in total length, with three central openings of each and other two openings of , beside to two viaducts with 16 openings of . 

</doc>
<doc id="20058880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20058880" title="The Myth of Male Power">
The Myth of Male Power

The Myth of Male Power: Why Men are the Disposable Sex (Simon and Schuster, 1st Ed., 1993; 2nd Ed., Berkely, 2000) is an internationally best-selling book by Warren Farrell. In the book, Farrell argues that the widespread perception of men having inordinate social and economic power is false, and that men are actually systematically disadvantaged in many ways. 
Despite Farrell's background as the only male elected three times to the Board of Directors of the National Organization for Women's New York City chapter, and a teacher of women's studies, "The Myth of Male Power" is considered to be a classic in the discipline of men's studies, and has been translated into several languages, including German and Italian.
Defining male power and powerlessness.
In "The Myth of Male Power", Warren Farrell offered his first in-depth outline of the theses he would eventually apply in his subsequent books—books on communication ('), parenting ('), and the workplace ("").
As "The Myth of Male Power's" title implies, Farrell challenges the belief that men have the power by challenging the definition of power. Farrell defines power as "control over one's life." He writes that, "In the past, neither sex had power; both sexes had roles: women's role was raise children; men's role was [to raise money."
One of the examples that Farrell uses to illustrate male powerlessness is male-only draft registration. He writes that if any other single group (the examples he lists are Jews, African-Americans, and women) were selected based on their birth characteristics to be the only group required by law to register for potential death, we would call it anti-Semitism, racism or genocidal sexism. Men, he says, have been socialized to call it "glory" and "power," and as a result do not view this as a negative.
Farrell contends that this viewpoint creates psychological problems for both sexes: that "men's weakness is their facade of strength; women's strength is their facade of weakness." He adds that societies have generally socialized boys and men to define power as, in essence, "feeling obligated to earn money someone else spends while we die sooner." Feeling obligated, he contends, is not power.
"Why Men are the Disposable Sex".
The subtitle of "The Myth of Male Power" is "Why Men are the Disposable Sex." This is a key tenet of Farrell’s philosophy. Historically, he says, both sexes were disposable in the service of survival: women risked death in childbirth; men risked death in war. However, Farrell notes, there is a key difference: women's disposability emanated more from biology; men's required socialization.
Farrell asks, "how does a society get its sons to compete to die?" Farrell's thesis about socialization for male disposability is that virtually every society that survived did so by training a cadre of its sons to be disposable—for example, in war and in work (coal miners; firefighters). Successful socialization required rewarding boys with social "bribes of approval." These bribes included being labeled "hero," giving them promotions and "Purple Hearts" for risking their lives, and the love of women. This love leads to children, who are then socialized by parents who reinforce the cycle.
"The Myth of Male Power" proposes that, because death is not particularly healthy, this cycle creates a "paradox of masculinity": what it has taken to create a society that is healthy creates boys and men who are unhealthy.
Perhaps Farrell's most controversial contribution to gender politics is "The Myth of Male Power's" confrontation of the belief that patriarchal societies make rules to benefit men at the expense of women. Farrell cites hundreds of examples to the contrary, such as male-only draft registration not benefiting men at the expense of women; or men constituting 93% of workplace deaths; or being expected to risk sexual rejection, pay on dates, and buy women diamonds. Once married, rules made by men are more likely to lead to men losing children and their home after divorce—what he cites as another example of male disposability. Farrell contends that nothing is more telling about who has benefited from "men's rules" than life expectancy and suicide rates—and men lose in both of these categories.
"Where Do We Go From Here?".
Farrell posits that men and women need to make an evolutionary shift from a focus on survival to a focus on a proper balance between survival and fulfillment. (Farrell’s theory on the evolution of gender roles from Stage I 'role-mate' to Stage II 'soul-mate' can be seen in the chart below.)
Farrell's theory on the evolution of gender roles.
The women's movement, he claims, has led to the re-socialization of girls to become women who balance survival with fulfillment, but that no one has similarly re-socialized boys to become men who pursue that balance once they take on the responsibility of children. Thus, Farrell believes, boys and men are decades behind girls and women psychologically and socially, and increasingly behind women academically and economically.
In Farrell's recent presentations on this topic, he estimates that men are in 2011 where women were in 1961.
Farrell's political solution is "neither a women's movement blaming men nor a men's movement blaming women, but a gender transition movement." He defines a gender transition movement as one that fosters a transition from the rigid roles of our past to more flexible roles for the future.
The "Pay Paradox".
Farrell responds that "The Myth of Male Power" concurs with academic feminists that men hold the highest positions of institutional power, but that institutional power is not real power, which he has defined as "control over one's life." Men, Farrell posits, learn to earn money to gain the approval of their parents and the respect of other men; heterosexual men also learn to earn money to earn their way to female love ("Women don't marry men reading "Why Men Are the Way They Are" in the unemployment line.")
Farrell introduced in "The Myth of Male Power" a thesis that he pursued in-depth in "Why Men Earn More" in 2005: that earning money involves forfeiting power. He goes on to describe his theory that earning money is less about power, and more about trade-offs. Farrell proposes that "the road to high pay is a toll road--you earn more when you pay 25 specific tolls such as working more hours, or taking less-fulfilling or more-hazardous jobs..."
Critical responses.
"The Myth of Male Power" is both Warren Farrell's most-praised and most-controversial book.
It is praised by social critic Camille Paglia, who, reviewing it for "The Washington Post", called it "A bombshell...forcing us to see our everyday world from a fresh perspective" by highlighting the sacrifices that men have made to protect and provide for their families and challenging radical feminist rhetoric that casts men as abusers and tyrants. Similar praise comes from ideologically diverse intellectuals such as the libertarian Nathaniel Branden and the liberal Ken Wilber, and from mainstream publications such as "Time", "Forbes", "The Los Angeles Times", "The Vancouver Sun", the "Library Journal" and "Publishers Weekly".
The most ardent critics are academic scholars such as Margot Mifflin and book reviewers such as Robert Winder. Among their criticisms is that male power is not a myth since men still hold the highest government and corporate positions of power.

</doc>
<doc id="20058893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20058893" title="Nicolaus Schuback">
Nicolaus Schuback

Nicolaus Schuback (February 18, 1700, Jork – July 28, 1783, Hamburg) was a lawyer from Germany. In the time from October 29, 1754 till August 28, 1782 he was mayor of Hamburg. Upon his death his family minted a special coin which was given to the people who attended the funeral.

</doc>
<doc id="20058907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20058907" title="Iowa Highway 220">
Iowa Highway 220

Iowa Highway 220 (Iowa 220) is a short state highway through the Amana Colonies in east-central Iowa. Along with U.S. Route 6 (US 6) and US 151, it is part of the circuitous Amana Colonies Trail scenic byway. Iowa 220 begins at US 6 in South Amana and ends at US 151 in Amana.
Route description.
Iowa Highway 220 begins at an intersection with US 6 in South Amana It heads north into South Amana where it goes through an S-curve before crossing an Iowa Interstate Railroad line. North of South Amana, Iowa 220 crosses the Iowa River and Mill Race, which powered mills in the Amana Colonies.
At West Amana, Iowa 220 turns east onto an east–west alignment. It moves through High Amana and turns to the south-southeast towards Middle Amana, where it passes the Amana Corporation manufacturing facility. From Middle Amana, it turns to the northeast and then to the east as it enters Amana, ending at a four-way stop with US 151.
History.
Iowa 220 was created in the early 1930s as a spur route from West Amana to Amana. By 1947, Iowa 220 ran from South Amana to Amana along the current extent of the route. However, the route continued east for where it ended at East Amana and south for to Upper South Amana. At its longest, the route was long. The western end of the route was pulled back to its current western end in 1976. Four years later, its eastern end was truncated back to the intersection with Iowa 149 in Amana. In 1985, Iowa 149 was replaced by US 151 between Cedar Rapids and Interstate 80.

</doc>
<doc id="20058917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20058917" title="GRB 080913">
GRB 080913

GRB 080913 was a gamma-ray burst (GRB) observed on September 13, 2008. The Swift Gamma-Ray Burst satellite made the detection, with follow-up and additional observations from ground-based observatories and instruments, including the Gamma-Ray Burst Optical/Near-Infrared Detector (GROND) and the Very Large Telescope. At 12.8 Gly and redshift of 6.7, the burst was the most distant GRB observed until GRB 090423 on April 23, 2009. This stellar explosion occurred around 825 million years after the Big Bang.

</doc>
<doc id="20058922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20058922" title="Sarah's House">
Sarah's House

"Sarah's House" is a Canadian television reality series hosted by Toronto interior designer Sarah Richardson, which airs on HGTV. The program's on-air team also includes interior designer Tommy Smythe and contractor Vito Colucci, as well as Richardson's husband, marketing communications specialist Alexander Younger.
In each season of the series, Richardson purchases an outdated and undervalued house, and depicts the process of renovating the house. Each episode focuses on one room or two related rooms within the renovation project.
The program's first season aired in 2007, followed by the second airing in fall 2008. Season 3 premiered March 9, 2010 on HGTV Canada. The fourth season began airing in fall 2011.
A similar program, which aired in spring 2009, was entitled "Sarah's Cottage", and featured Richardson doing a similar renovation on her own family cottage.

</doc>
<doc id="20058933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20058933" title="Ray Tift">
Ray Tift

Raymond Frank Tift (June 21, 1884 – March 29, 1945), was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played in with the New York Highlanders. He attended Brown University. Tift had a 0–0 record, with a 4.74 ERA, in four games, in his one-year career. 
Tift was born in Fitchburg, Massachusetts, and died in Verona, New Jersey.

</doc>
<doc id="20058984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20058984" title="Powerlifting at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's +100 kg">
Powerlifting at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's +100 kg

The men's +100 kg powerlifting event at the 2008 Summer Paralympics was contested on 16 September at the Beihang University Gymnasium in Beijing, China. This event was the heaviest of the men's powerlifting weight classes, allowing competitors with over of body mass.
As with all Paralympic powerlifting events, lifters competed in the bench press. Each athlete was allowed three attempts to bench press as much weight as possible. Athletes attempting to break a record were allowed a fourth attempt. For the attempt to be valid, the competitor must have lowered the weighted bar to his chest, held it motionless for a moment, then pressed the bar upwards until his arms were fully extended. If the competitor failed to meet these requirements or any other rule infraction was committed, the attempt was declared invalid by a team of three referees and the result struck from the record.
Results.
Key: PR=Paralympic record; WR=World record; NMR=No marks recorded; DNF=Did not finish

</doc>
<doc id="20058988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20058988" title="Martin County Middle School">
Martin County Middle School

Martin County Middle School is composed of two middle schools in Martin County, Kentucky: Inez Middle School and Warfield Middle School.

</doc>
<doc id="20059033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20059033" title="Show Me (Moya Brennan song)">
Show Me (Moya Brennan song)

"Show Me" was the only commercial single taken from Moya's Grammy-nominated 2003 album "Two Horizons". This was Moya's first single under her new name (all previous singles were released under "Máire Brennan"), and her first single available to download (via iTunes USA). The cover shows a photography by Peer Lindgreen.
Other versions (featuring various lyrics from the original song) of 'Show Me' have also been remixed by the likes of Schiller.
Concept.
As the album had a concept of a story being told, 'Show Me' had its own story. Described by Brennan as "being shown the way - where to go to find this harp".

</doc>
<doc id="20059045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20059045" title="Verle Tiefenthaler">
Verle Tiefenthaler

Verle Matthew Tiefenthaler (born July 11, 1937 in Breda, Iowa), is a former Major League Baseball pitcher who played for the Chicago White Sox in 1962. He batted left and threw right-handed. Tiefenthaler had a 0-0 record, with a 9.82 ERA, in three games, in his one year career. 
He was signed by the New York Giants in 1955 as an amateur free agent.

</doc>
<doc id="20059058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20059058" title="Handel Greville">
Handel Greville

Handel Greville (born 13 September 1921) was a Welsh international rugby union fly-half who played club rugby for a large selection of clubs but most notably for Llanelli. He won just a single international cap for Wales against the touring New South Wales Waratahs.
Rugby career.
Greville was born in Drefach, Wales and turned out for several rugby clubs before joining first class team Llanelli. Greville captained Llanelli during the 1948/49 season.
Greville was selected for his only international cap for Wales when the normally reliable Haydn Tanner was unavailable through injury. The game was against the touring Waratahs which Wales won 6-0 in a match dominated by forward play. Greville gave an international-class performance but lost his place when Tanner was deemed fit for the next game.
After finishing his playing career, Greville became Chairman and the President of Llanelli Rugby Club, and in 2008 was the oldest living captain to attend the final game parade at Stradey Park.
International matches played.
Wales

</doc>
<doc id="20059060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20059060" title="Red Wing Pottery">
Red Wing Pottery

Red Wing pottery refers to American stoneware, pottery, or dinnerware items made by any of various companies in Red Wing, Minnesota. The first known pottery was established in the late 1870s and production continued under various company names until the last business, Red Wing Potteries, Inc., closed its doors in 1967 due to a strike. Companies known to exist include Red Wing Stoneware Company, Minnesota Stoneware Company, North Star Stoneware Company, Union Stoneware Company, Red Wing Union Stoneware Company, and finally Red Wing Potteries, Inc. Wares produced by these businesses have become collectibles.
Pottery industry in Red Wing.
Pottery was and is produced in Red Wing, MN by various companies from 1877 to the present.
Many different ink stamped, impressed, and hand painted marks were used.
Minnesota Stoneware Company.
Minnesota Stoneware Company was in production from 1883 to 1906. It is one of the companies that merged to form Red Wing Union Stoneware Company.
North Star Stoneware.
North Star Stoneware was in production from 1892 to 1896.
Red Wing Stoneware Company.
Red Wing Stoneware Company was in operation from 1877 to1906. It is one of the companies that merged to form Red Wing Union Stoneware Company. In 1984 John Falconer bought the rights to the name and started manufacturing stoneware again in Red Wing. In 2013 B. and I. Johnson purchased the company.
Union Stoneware Company.
Union Stoneware Company was in production from 1894 to 1906. It is one of the companies that merged to form Red Wing Union Stoneware Company.
Red Wing Union Stoneware Company.
Red Wing Union Stoneware Company was the operating name of potteries in Red Wing from 1906 to 1936.
Red Wing Union Stoneware Co. Art Pottery.
In 1926 Red Wing began producing Art Pottery. The first production was of "Brushed Ware". 
For the first time each shape was marked with an ink stamped number.
Red Wing Potteries, Inc..
Red Wing Potteries, Inc. is the same company as Red Wing Union Stoneware Company. The name changed in 1936 and was retained until the pottery closed in 1967.
RumRill Art pottery by Red Wing.
RumRill Art pottery, founded by George Rumrill, was made by Red Wing from 1933 to 1937. George Rumrill was an art pottery designer & salesman who contracted with Red Wing to make his art pottery. RumRill shapes were numbered from 50 to 677.)
From 1938 to 1941 RumRill pottery was made in Ohio and possibly by Shawnee Pottery, Gondor Pottery and Florence Pottery in Mount Gilead, OH 
Art pottery by Red Wing.
In 1938 Red Wing began producing art Pottery under its own name. For several years they remarked existing RumRill shapes
Red Wing Dinnerware.
Dinnerware was made by Red Wing from 1935 to 1967. More than 100 hand decorated patterns were produced. View pictures of all the dinnerware patterns at Golden State Red Wing's Learning page For detailed Red Wing dinnerware information see
Red Wing Pottery was formed in 1967, when R.A. Gillmer (the last President of Red Wing Potteries) purchased the company from the other shareholders during liquidation. The company operated primarily as a retail business until 1996 when the third generation of the Gillmer family began production again with a smaller output than its early boom years. In 2013 B. and I. Johnson purchased the company.
See also.
Red Wing Collectors Society

</doc>
<doc id="20059079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20059079" title="Lady Franklin Point">
Lady Franklin Point

Lady Franklin Point is a landform in the Canadian Arctic territory of Nunavut. It is located on southwestern Victoria Island in the Coronation Gulf by Austin Bay at the eastern entrance of Dolphin and Union Strait.
The Point is uninhabited but still has an active North Warning System. Originally part of the Distant Early Warning Line in the Northwest Territories, the site is known as PIN-3. On 10 January 2000 the unmanned site caught fire and was almost totally destroyed.
Named after Jane Griffin, Lady Franklin, it was the historical area of Nagyuktogmiut, a Copper Inuit subgroup.

</doc>
<doc id="20059080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20059080" title="Juan Máximo Martínez">
Juan Máximo Martínez

Juan Máximo Martínez (born January 1, 1947 in Mexico City) is a long-distance runner from Mexico. He won the gold medal in the men's 10,000 metres at the 1970 Central American and Caribbean Games, and twice competed for his native country at the Summer Olympics: in 1968 and 1972. In 1968, at the Mexico City Olympics, he finished in 4th place in both the 5,000 metres and 10,000 metres. In 1972, at the Munich Olympics, he finished 10th in the 10,000 metres.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20059117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20059117" title="Habergham Eaves">
Habergham Eaves

Habergham Eaves is a civil parish in the borough of Burnley, in Lancashire, England. The parish consists of a rural area south of Burnley, and suburban areas on the outskirts of the town, including a large industrial estate in the north-west corner of the parish. Habergham is also the name of an area west of Burnley, although it is no longer within the parish. In the 2001 census the parish had a population of 1,581. The A646 Padiham to Todmorden road runs approximately along the northern boundary of the parish. Surrounding areas include the unparished areas of Burnley and Rossendale, and the parishes of Hapton, Dunnockshaw and Clowbridge and Cliviger.
Habergham Eaves was historically a township and extended further to the north towards the southern banks of the river Calder which separated it from the neighbouring township, and from 1861 the Borough of Burnley. However in 1894 a large part of the township, with a population of over 40,000 and including Rose Grove, Burnley Wood and Habergham, was transferred to the County Borough of Burnley, and taken of the control of the newly established Lancashire County Council. The remainder, with the exception of a small area transferred to Ightenhill, became the civil parish of Habergham Eaves. under the governance of Lancashire and the Burnley Rural District

</doc>
<doc id="20059139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20059139" title="Municipal elections in Veneto">
Municipal elections in Veneto

This page gathers the results of municipal elections in Veneto, in the five major cities (more than 80,000 inhabitants), since 1993.
Results by year.
1993 municipal elections.
!align=left rowspan=2 valign=center bgcolor="#E9E9E9"|
!colspan="3" align="center" valign=top bgcolor="lightgrey"|Christian Democracy
!colspan="3" align="center" valign=top bgcolor="pink"|Alliance of Progressives
!colspan="3" align="center" valign=top bgcolor="lightgreen"|Lega Nord
!colspan="1" align="center" valign=top bgcolor="#E9E9E9"|Others
Sourcea: Regional Council of Veneto and Corriere della Sera
1994 municipal elections.
!align=left rowspan=2 valign=center bgcolor="#E9E9E9"|
!colspan="3" align="center" valign=top bgcolor="lightblue"|Pole of Freedoms
!colspan="3" align="center" valign=top bgcolor="pink"|Alliance of Progressives–PPI
!colspan="3" align="center" valign=top bgcolor="lightgreen"|Lega Nord
!colspan="1" align="center" valign=top bgcolor="#E9E9E9"|Others
Source: Regional Council of Veneto
1995 municipal elections.
!align=left rowspan=2 valign=center bgcolor="#E9E9E9"|
!colspan="3" align="center" valign=top bgcolor="lightblue"|Pole of Freedoms
!colspan="3" align="center" valign=top bgcolor="pink"|Alliance of Progressives
!colspan="3" align="center" valign=top bgcolor="lightgreen"|Lega Nord
!colspan="1" align="center" valign=top bgcolor="#E9E9E9"|Others
Source: Regional Council of Veneto
1997 municipal elections.
!align=left rowspan=2 valign=center bgcolor="#E9E9E9"|
!colspan="3" align="center" valign=top bgcolor="lightblue"|Pole for Freedoms
!colspan="3" align="center" valign=top bgcolor="pink"|The Olive Tree
!colspan="3" align="center" valign=top bgcolor="lightgreen"|Lega Nord
!colspan="1" align="center" valign=top bgcolor="#E9E9E9"|Others
Source: Regional Council of Veneto
1998 municipal elections.
!align=left rowspan=2 valign=center bgcolor="#E9E9E9"|
!colspan="3" align="center" valign=top bgcolor="lightblue"|Pole for Freedoms
!colspan="3" align="center" valign=top bgcolor="pink"|The Olive Tree
!colspan="3" align="center" valign=top bgcolor="lightgreen"|Lega Nord
!colspan="1" align="center" valign=top bgcolor="#E9E9E9"|Others
Source: Istituto Cattaneo
1999 municipal elections.
!align=left rowspan=2 valign=center bgcolor="#E9E9E9"|
!colspan="3" align="center" valign=top bgcolor="lightblue"|House of Freedoms
!colspan="3" align="center" valign=top bgcolor="pink"|The Olive Tree
!colspan="1" align="center" valign=top bgcolor="#E9E9E9"|Others
Source: Istituto Cattaneo
2000 municipal elections.
!align=left rowspan=2 valign=center bgcolor="#E9E9E9"|
!colspan="3" align="center" valign=top bgcolor="lightblue"|House of Freedoms (incl. Lega Nord)
!colspan="3" align="center" valign=top bgcolor="pink"|The Olive Tree
!colspan="3" align="center" valign=top bgcolor="tomato"|PRC–Greens
!colspan="1" align="center" valign=top bgcolor="#E9E9E9"|Others
Source: Istituto Cattaneo
2002 municipal elections.
!align=left rowspan=2 valign=center bgcolor="#E9E9E9"|
!colspan="3" align="center" valign=top bgcolor="lightblue"|House of Freedoms (incl. Lega Nord)
!colspan="3" align="center" valign=top bgcolor="pink"|The Olive Tree
!colspan="1" align="center" valign=top bgcolor="#E9E9E9"|Others
Source: Istituto Cattaneo
2003 municipal elections.
!align=left rowspan=2 valign=center bgcolor="#E9E9E9"|
!colspan="3" align="center" valign=top bgcolor="lightblue"|House of Freedoms
!colspan="3" align="center" valign=top bgcolor="pink"|The Olive Tree
!colspan="3" align="center" valign=top bgcolor="lightgreen"|Lega Nord
!colspan="1" align="center" valign=top bgcolor="#E9E9E9"|Others
Source: Istituto Cattaneo
2004 municipal elections.
!align=left rowspan=2 valign=center bgcolor="#E9E9E9"|
!colspan="3" align="center" valign=top bgcolor="lightblue"|House of Freedoms
!colspan="3" align="center" valign=top bgcolor="pink"|The Olive Tree
!colspan="1" align="center" valign=top bgcolor="#E9E9E9"|Others
Source: Istituto Cattaneo
2005 municipal elections.
!align=left rowspan=2 valign=center bgcolor="#E9E9E9"|
!colspan="3" align="center" valign=top bgcolor="lightblue"|House of Freedoms 
!colspan="3" align="center" valign=top bgcolor="pink"|Democrats of the Left–others
!colspan="3" align="center" valign=top bgcolor="orange"|Democracy is Freedom–others
!colspan="1" align="center" valign=top bgcolor="#E9E9E9"|Others
Source: Istituto Cattaneo
2007 municipal elections.
!align=left rowspan=2 valign=center bgcolor="#E9E9E9"|
!colspan="3" align="center" valign=top bgcolor="lightblue"|House of Freedoms (incl. Lega Nord)
!colspan="3" align="center" valign=top bgcolor="pink"|The Union
!colspan="1" align="center" valign=top bgcolor="#E9E9E9"|Others
Source: La Repubblica
<onlyinclude>
2008 municipal elections.
!align=left rowspan=2 valign=center bgcolor="#E9E9E9"|
!colspan="3" align="center" valign=top bgcolor="lightblue"|The People of Freedom–Lega Nord
!colspan="3" align="center" valign=top bgcolor="pink"|Democratic Party and allies
!colspan="1" align="center" valign=top bgcolor="#E9E9E9"|Others
Source: La Repubblica
2009 municipal elections.
!align=left rowspan=2 valign=center bgcolor="#E9E9E9"|
!colspan="3" align="center" valign=top bgcolor="lightblue"|The People of Freedom–Lega Nord
!colspan="3" align="center" valign=top bgcolor="pink"|Democratic Party and allies
!colspan="1" align="center" valign=top bgcolor="#E9E9E9"|Others
Source: La Repubblica
2010 municipal elections.
!align=left rowspan=2 valign=center bgcolor="#E9E9E9"|
!colspan="3" align="center" valign=top bgcolor="lightblue"|The People of Freedom–Lega Nord
!colspan="3" align="center" valign=top bgcolor="pink"|Democratic Party and allies
!colspan="1" align="center" valign=top bgcolor="#E9E9E9"|Others
Source: La Repubblica
2012 municipal elections.
!align=left rowspan=2 valign=center bgcolor="#E9E9E9"|
!colspan="3" align="center" valign=top bgcolor="lightgreen"|Lega Nord
!colspan="3" align="center" valign=top bgcolor="lightblue"|The People of Freedom
!colspan="3" align="center" valign=top bgcolor="pink"|Democratic Party and allies
!colspan="3" align="center" valign=top bgcolor="orange"|Five Star Movement
!colspan="1" align="center" valign=top bgcolor="#E9E9E9"|Others
Source: La Repubblica
</onlyinclude>
2013 municipal elections.
!align=left rowspan=2 valign=center bgcolor="#E9E9E9"|
!colspan="3" align="center" valign=top bgcolor="lightgreen"|Lega Nord–The People of Freedom
!colspan="3" align="center" valign=top bgcolor="pink"|Democratic Party and allies
!colspan="3" align="center" valign=top bgcolor="orange"|Five Star Movement
!colspan="3" align="center" valign=top bgcolor="#CCCCFF"|Local list–Civic Choice
!colspan="1" align="center" valign=top bgcolor="#E9E9E9"|Others
Source: La Repubblica
</onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="20059166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20059166" title="No One Talks">
No One Talks

"No One Talks" was the first commercial single taken from Grammy award-winning singer, Moya Brennan's album "Signature" released the same year. This was Moya's first single available to download from more than one online shop. The B-side to the single, the traditional Gaelic song "Éirigh Suas a Stóirín (Rise Up My Love)" was previously only available on the Germany-only album "Óró - A Live Session". The cover shows a photograph by Mella Travers.
The song also appears on Moya Brennan's 2008 live album Heart Strings.

</doc>
<doc id="20059206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20059206" title="Dimension 8">
Dimension 8

Dimension 8 (2000) is an electro-industrial album by Velvet Acid Christ. It was released in MP3 format as a data track on the CD Twisted Thought Generator and was also available briefly as a free online download. Its sound has been referred to as "strange techno".

</doc>
<doc id="20059228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20059228" title="Michel plays Petrucciani">
Michel plays Petrucciani

Michel Plays Petrucciani is a jazz album by Michel Petrucciani, Blue Note catalogue number CDP 7 48679 2.
The album was recorded during two sets of sessions, with tracks 1-5 recorded on 24 September 1987 with Gary Peacock and Roy Haynes, and the remaining tracks over 9 and 10 December of the same year with Eddie Gomez and Al Foster.
Personnel.
with
Track listing.
All tracks composed by Michel Petrucciani

</doc>
<doc id="20059243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20059243" title="Zimbabwe Development Party">
Zimbabwe Development Party

The Zimbabwe Development Party is a minor Zimbabwean political party. It ran nine candidates in the Zimbabwean parliamentary election, 2008 but fared poorly, winning just 608 votes (0.03%).
The party was launched on the 4th of February, 2008 in Harare by Kisnot Mukwazhi, a former ZANU-PF member. At the party's launch, attended by about fifty people, Mukwazhi praised ZANU-PF's policies and Robert Mugabe while castigating the MDC and Morgan Tsvangirai. The party's founders left the launch when grilled by journalists on the circumstances behind the party's sudden formation.
Mukwazhi is the party's presidential candidate for the Zimbabwean general election, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20059264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20059264" title="Istiodactylidae">
Istiodactylidae

Istiodactylidae is a small family of pterosaurs. This family was named in 2001 after the type genus "Istiodactylus" was discovered not to be a member of the genus "Ornithodesmus".
Remains of taxa that can be confidently assigned to Istiodactylidae have been found in the UK and China, in rocks dating from the Early Cretaceous period (Barremian to Aptian stage). Arbour and Currie (2011) described Canadian "Gwawinapterus beardi" as a member of Istiodactylidae living in the late Cretaceous (upper Campanian stage); however, Witton (2012) suggested the tooth replacement pattern in this animal does not match that of pterosaurs, suggesting that the species might be non-pterosaurian. Additional research suggested that the species was in fact a fish. The earliest known species might be "Archaeoistiodactylus linglongtaensis", from the Middle Jurassic of China; however, it also has been suggested that the holotype specimen of this species might actually be a poorly preserved specimen of "Darwinopterus". "Hongshanopterus", a supposed istiodactylid from China, has been reclassified as a non-istiodactylid member of Ornithocheroidea of uncertain phylogenetic placement by Witton (2012).
Istiodactylids were medium sized pterosaurs with flat, rounded jaws similar to that of a duck. They had small teeth lining their jaws, however.

</doc>
<doc id="20059273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20059273" title="Baby boom (disambiguation)">
Baby boom (disambiguation)

Baby boom is a demographic bulge in the human population.
Baby boom may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20059274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20059274" title="Minatitlán, Colima">
Minatitlán, Colima

Minatitlán is a town in the Mexican state of Colima. Its serves as the municipal seat of the surrounding municipality of Minatitlán.
Economy.
The main crops grown are coffee beans, corn, mango, green tomato, rice, jalapeño chilli, orange, sugar cane, mamey sapote and other fruit trees.
Minatitlán also counts with a big iron mine located at the Astilla mount, named "Peña Colorada".

</doc>
<doc id="20059276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20059276" title="Dama del Cerro de los Santos">
Dama del Cerro de los Santos

Dama del Cerro de los Santos, also known as Gran Dama Oferente, is an Iberian sculpture from the 2nd century BCE, that is now in National Archaeological Museum of Spain in Madrid.
This limestone sculpture depicts a full-length standing female figure 1.3 metres high. It was found in 1870 in the sanctuary of Cerro de los Santos in Montealegre del Castillo in Albacete province, Spain.
The statue is sometimes called the Gran Dama Oferente because she is holding a container in her two hands and appears to be offering it. She is richly clad in three overlapping robes clasped with a fibula, or brooch, at the neck. Braided hair falls past her three necklaces. She is wearing fitted shoes. A "rodete" or wheel headgear appears on one side of her hair; if there was a similar one on the other side, it has been broken off. Like another contemporary Phoenician-influenced Iberian female sculpture, the Lady of Baza, her drapery falls in a zigzag pattern.

</doc>
<doc id="20059292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20059292" title="Socialist League (UK, 1885)">
Socialist League (UK, 1885)

The Socialist League was an early revolutionary socialist organisation in the United Kingdom. The organisation began as a dissident offshoot of the Social Democratic Federation of Henry Hyndman at the end of 1884. Never an ideologically harmonious group, by the 1890s the group had turned from socialism to anarchism. The group was finally disbanded in 1901.
Organizational history.
Origins.
Until March 1884, the members of the Democratic Federation, forerunner of the Social Democratic Federation (SDF) worked together in harmony. The new organization had expected to make rapid headway with existing radical workingmen's organisations, but few had chosen to join with the SDF and early enthusiasm gave away to disappointment and introspection. Personal relationships began to loom large among the small group's leading members, with the personal vanity and domineering attitude of organizational founder Henry Hyndman and his nationalism fixation on parliamentary politics the leading causes of the internal acrimony.
The personal distaste of many prominent members of the SDF for Hyndman was palpable. William Morris wrote:
"Hyndman can accept only one position in such a body as the SDF, that of master... has been acting throughout...as a politician determined to push his own advantage... always on the look out for anything which could advertise the party he is supposed to lead: his aim has been to make the movement seem big; to frighten the powers that be with a turnip bogie... [All that insane talk of immediate forcible revolution, when we know that the workers of England are not even touched by the movement."
By the end of 1884, the a group of members of the SDF sought to remove Hyndman from his position as party leader. The decisive meeting of the SDF Executive Council was held 16 December 1884, followed by additional meetings on the 23rd and 27th of that month. Finally, a vote was taken on a resolution of censure of Hyndman, which passed by a vote of 10 to 8.
Immediately after winning their victory in the SDF Executive, the anti-Hyndman dissidents handed in their prepared letter of resignation, which declared:
"Since discord has arisen in this Council owing to the attempt to substitute arbitrary rule therein for fraternal co-operation contrary to the principles of Socialism, and since it seems to us impossible to heal this discord, we the undersigned think it better in the interests of Socialism to cease to belong to this Council and accordingly hand in our resignation."
The anti-Hyndman members of the Executive Council chose to leave the SDF altogether, abandoning "Justice" to Hyndman and his allies. Those departing included such leading lights of the SDF organisation as William Morris, Eleanor Marx, Ernest Belfort Bax, Sam Mainwaring, and Edward Aveling. 
Eleanor Marx explained the thinking of the anti-Hyndman forces in a letter to her sister Laura written 1 January 1885:
"I am sorry the crisis in the Social DFederation could not be retarded a little longer; Hyndman would have got deeper into the mud, and the personal element would have been thrown into the background. However it could not be helped. The reason why the majority, instead of following up their victory, "resigned," and [started a new organisation was this chiefly, as Morris said to me: the old organisation was not "worth having." The London branches are about 300 strong in all and those they hope mostly to get, and as to the provinces, it's all bosh and bogus."
Friedrich Engels, co-worker of the recently deceased Karl Marx and a personal enemy of Hyndman, was jubilant about the split of the SDF. In a letter dated 29 December 1884 to Eduard Bernstein, Engels declared: "I have the satisfaction of having seen through the whole racket from the outset, correctly sized up all the people concerned, and foretold what the end would be..."
The 10 seceding members of the old SDF Executive Council issued a statement "To Socialists" on 13 January 1885 explaining their anti-parliamentary perspective:
"We, the members of the Council of the Social-Democratic Federation, who, although a majority, resigned on December 27th, wish to explain our reasons for that retirement, and on our forming a body independent of the Social-Democratic Federation. * * * 
"Our view is that such a body the SDF in the present state of things has no function but to educate the people in the principles of Socialism, and to organise such as it can get hold of to take their due places, when the crises shall come which will force action upon us. We believe that to hold out as baits hopes of amelioration of the condition of the workers, to be wrung out of the necessities of the rival factions of our privileged rulers is delusive and mischievous. For carrying out our aims of education and organisation no over-shadowing and indispensable leader is required, but only a band of instructed men, each of whom can learn to fulfill, as occasion requires it, the simple functions of the leader of a party of principle. 
"We say, that on the other hand there has been in the ranks of the Social-Democratic Federation a tendency of political opportunism, which if developed would have involved us in alliances, however temporary, with one or other of the political factions, and would have weakened our propagandist force by driving us into electioneering..."
Early in 1885, the secessionists established themselves in a new organisation called the Socialist League. Several SDF branches, such as those in East London, Hammersmith, and Leeds, joined the new group. In Scotland the Scottish Land and Labour League severed its connection with the SDF to join the new organisation. Several important individuals in the movement such as author Edward Carpenter and artist Walter Crane also chose to cast their lot with the fledgling Socialist League.
In February 1885 the new party established its official journal, a newspaper called "Commonweal". This publication was initially published monthly but was soon converted into a weekly. Editor of the publication was William Morris, who paid the paper's operating deficit out of pocket.
William Morris was disappointed by the slow growth of the organisation. After six months, the Socialist League only had eight branches and 230 members. Morris wrote to a friend: "I am in low spirits about the prospects of our party, if I can dignify a little knot of men by such a word. You see we are such a few, and hard as we work we don't seem to pick up people."
Development of the organisation.
The Socialist League was a heterogeneous organisation, including Fabians, Christian Socialists, and anarchists, in addition to Marxist revolutionary socialists. While the Marxists were tolerant of the earnest ethical socialists, the anarchists were cause for concern from the earliest days, memories of the role of the anarchists in the First International still fresh in the collective memory. Eleanor Marx was one of the Socialist League leaders who was particularly concerned about the place of the anarchists in the new party:
"here is a small group of them here, mainly Germans, French, etc. but very few English. Unfortunately in our movement there are many people who do not understand the foundations and the theoretical questions of Socialism, good people who see that the world is out of joint, and who imagine that they know what should be done in order that evil should be turned to good. They do not understand what Communism or Anarchism is, and think that whoever spoke last is right. Among these friends the Anarchists try to carry on propaganda..."
Frederick Engels was even more pessimistic than was the daughter of his former co-worker. In a letter of 20 March 1886 to the late Marx's son-in-law, Paul Lafargue, he wrote:
"Fortunately the Socialist League is dormant for the time being. Our good Bax and Morris, craving to do something (if only they knew what?), are restrained only by the fact that there is absolutely nothing to do. Moreover they have far more truck with the anarchists than is desirable... All this will pass, if only because there is absolutely nothing to be done over here England just now. But with Hyndman, who is well versed in political imposture and capable of all sorts of folly when his self-advancement is at stake...on the one hand and our two political babes in arms on the other, prospects are no means bright. Yet now we have socialist papers abroad proclaiming at the top of their voices that socialism in England is marching forward with gigantic strides! I am very glad to say that what passes for socialism here in England is not on the march — far from it."
One field in which the Socialist League did have practical work to do involved the fight for the right of free speech in London during 1885 and 1886. Whereas religious organisations such as the Salvation Army were allowed to preach in the streets, the London Metropolitan Police banned the Socialists from similar activities. Members of the Socialist League and their rivals the SDF simply continued to speak and to incur fines, attracting public attention, until the authorities made the decision that their prosecution was counterproductive and stopped their interference. Thereafter, public interest in the street meetings rapidly evaporated.
While the political contributions of the tiny Socialist League were not measurable, it did have a lasting literary impact. The newspaper of the Socialist League, "The Commonweal," provided the venue for first publication of a number of original writings, including the serialized novels of William Morris, "Dream of John Ball" and "News from Nowhere."
Britain's economic problems in the 1880s helped to develop some interest in the Socialist League, but the group nevertheless remained minuscule. By January 1887 the membership of the party stood at just 550. Moreover, many members were unemployed and too poor to pay their dues; the treasurer reported that only 280 members were able to contribute to party funds. Furthermore, even this tiny membership was ideologically divided into three factions: anarchists (who sought destruction of the state and its replacement with a free association of producers via revolutionary uprising), parliamentary-oriented socialists (who sought establishment of an egalitarian state through electoral means), and anti-parliamentary socialists (who sought establishment of an egalitarian state through a revolutionary overturn by the mobilized working class).
The divided organization was minuscule and impotent.
Anarchist control.
Around the middle of this same year, 1887, anarchists began to outnumber socialists in the Socialist League. The 3rd Annual Conference, held in London on 29 May 1887 marked the change, with a majority of the 24 delegates voting in favor of an anarchist-sponsored resolution declaring that "This conference endorses the policy of abstention from parliamentary action, hitherto pursued by the League, and sees no sufficient reason for altering it." 
Frederick Engels, living in London and a very interested observer in the League's affairs, saw the role of William Morris as decisive. He recounted the events of the 3rd Conference to his friend Friedrich Sorge in a 4 June 1887 letter:
"The anarchist elements which had gained admission to conference of the Socialist League were victorious, being supported by Morris, who has a mortal hatred of all things parliamentary... Resolution — in itself quite innocuous as there can after all be no question of parliamentary action "here and now" — adopted by 17 votes to 11... 
"What really clinched the matter was Morris' declaration that he would quit the moment any parliamentary action was accepted in principle. And since Morris makes good the "Commonweal's" deficit to the tune of £4 a week, this was for many the decisive factor.
"Our people now intend to get the provinces organised, which they are at present well on the way to doing, and to call an extraordinary conference in about three or four months' time with a view to quashing the above. But it's unlikely to succeed; in the fabrication of voting sections, the anarchists are vastly superior to ourselves and can make eight enfranchised sections out of seven men... The anarchists, by the way, may shortly throw our people out, and that might be all to the good."
As the tenor of the organisation became increasingly clear, a steady attrition of many of the group's international socialists began to take place. In August 1888, the London branch of the Socialist League to which Tussy Marx and Edward Aveling belonged seceded in favor of establishing itself as an independent organization, the Bloomsbury Socialist Society. By the end of 1888 many other parliamentary-oriented individuals had exited the Socialist League to return to the SDF, with others who remained hostile to the SDF's parliamentary emphasis choosing to involve themselves in the burgeoning movement for so-called "New Unionism." As the socialist factions left, the anarchist faction solidified its hold on the organisation.
By 1889, the anarchist wing had completely captured the organisation. William Morris was stripped of the editorship of "Commonweal" in favor of Frank Kitz, an anarchist workman. Morris was left to foot the ongoing operating deficit of the publication, some £4 per week — this at a time when £150 per year was the average annual family income in the kingdom. By the autumn of 1890, Morris had had enough and he, too, withdrew from the Socialist League.
Despite the loss of its leading socialist intellectuals, the Socialist League went forward. In 1895 the organisation somewhat dubiously claimed a membership of over 10,700.
Disestablishment.
The party remained active until it was disbanded in 1901, at which point it still claimed over 6,000 members.
The anarchist movement had newspapers of its own, including the journals "Liberty" and "Freedom."
The William Morris Society "reformed" the Hammersmith branch for one day on the TUC March for the Alternative on March 26, 2011. The banner was paraded again on October 20, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20059301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20059301" title="Iowa Highway 281">
Iowa Highway 281

Iowa Highway 281 (Iowa 281) is a state highway in north-central Iowa. Iowa 281 begins at the eastern city limits of Waterloo and ends at Iowa Highway 150 south of Oelwein.
Route description.
Iowa Highway 281 begins at the eastern city limits of Waterloo along what is Independence Avenue in Waterloo. It heads due east for until it reaches an intersection with Black Hawk County Roads D20 (CR D20) and V54 (CR V54). CR V54 connects Iowa 281 to an interchange with U.S. Route 20 located to the south. At the intersection, Iowa 281 turns to the north, while CR D20 continues to the east.
Iowa 281 travels north for , passing through Dunkerton and crossing Crane Creek. It turns to the east, south of the Bremer County line and crosses the Wapsipinicon River. From the Wapsipinicon, it takes an S-curve to the north and east and enters Fairbank in Buchanan County, where it crosses the Little Wapsipinicon River. East of Fairbank, Iowa 281 takes another S-curve which places the highway on the Buchanan County / Fayette County line. Iowa 281 heads east along the county line until its end at Iowa Highway 150 south of Oelwein.
History.
Originally, Iowa Highway 281 was a spur route from U.S. Route 20 to Dunkerton. In 1957, when US 20 was rerouted to the south, Iowa 281 was extended along the former alignment of US 20 to US 63 in Waterloo. In 1980, it was extended along County Road V3C in Black Hawk and Buchanan Counties and took over the routing of Iowa Highway 190, which was a spur route connecting Fairbank to Iowa Highway 150 south of Oelwein. On the 1986 Iowa DOT map, Iowa 281 was routed south of D20 along V51 to the new US-20 freeway, but by 1986, Iowa 281 was again routed west of V51 along D20 to the eastern city limit of Waterloo.

</doc>
<doc id="20059305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20059305" title="Dopamine-responsive dystonia">
Dopamine-responsive dystonia

Dopamine-responsive dystonia (DRD), also known as hereditary progressive dystonia with diurnal fluctuation, Segawa's disease, or Segawa's dystonia, is a genetic movement disorder which usually manifests itself during early childhood at around ages 5–8 years (variable start age).
Characteristic symptoms are increased muscle tone (dystonia, such as clubfoot) and Parkinsonian features, typically absent in the morning or after rest but worsening during the day and with exertion. Children with DRD are often misdiagnosed as having cerebral palsy. The disorder responds well to treatment with levodopa.
Symptoms.
The disease typically starts in one limb, typically one leg. Progressive dystonia results in clubfoot and tiptoe walking. The symptoms can spread to all four limbs around age 18, after which progression slows and eventually symptoms reach a plateau. There can be regression in developmental milestones (both motor and mental skills) and failure to thrive in the absence of treatment.
In addition, DRD is typically characterized by signs of parkinsonism that may be relatively subtle. Such signs may include slowness of movement (bradykinesia), tremors, stiffness and resistance to movement (rigidity), balance difficulties, and postural instability. Approximately 25 percent also have abnormally exaggerated reflex responses (hyperreflexia), particularly in the legs. These symptoms can result in a presentation that is similar in appearance to that of Parkinson's Disease.
Many patients experience improvement with sleep, are relatively free of symptoms in the morning, and develop increasingly severe symptoms as the day progresses (i.e., diurnal fluctuation). Accordingly, this disorder has sometimes been referred to as "progressive hereditary dystonia with diurnal fluctuations." Yet some DRD patients do not experience such diurnal fluctuations, causing many researchers to prefer other disease terms.
For example, in those with DRD, symptoms typically dramatically improve with low-dose administration of levodopa (L-dopa). L-DOPA exists as a biochemically significant metabolite of the amino acid phenylalanine, as well as a biological precursor of the catecholamine dopamine, a neurotransmitter. (Neurotransmitters are naturally produced molecules that may be sequestered following the propagation of an action potential down a nerve towards the axon terminal, which in turn may cross the synaptic junction between neurons, enabling neurons to communicate in a variety of ways.) Low-dose L-dopa usually results in near-complete or total reversal of all associated symptoms for these patients. In addition, the effectiveness of such therapy is typically long term, without the complications that often occur for those with Parkinson's disease who undergo L-dopa treatment. Thus, most experts indicate that this disorder is most appropriately known as dopa-responsive dystonia (DRD).
No data are available on mortality associated with DRD, but patients surviving beyond the fifth decade with treatment have been reported. However, in severe, early autosomal recessive forms of the disease, patients have been known to pass away during childhood. Girls seem to be somewhat more commonly affected. The disease less commonly begins during puberty or after age 20, and very rarely, cases in older adults have been reported.
Genetics and disease mechanism.
Autosomal dominant and autosomal recessive forms of the disease have been reported. Mutations in several genes have been shown to cause dopamine-responsive dystonia. The neurotransmitter dopamine is synthesised from tyrosine by the enzyme tyrosine hydroxylase, which uses tetrahydrobiopterin (BH4) as a cofactor. A mutation in the gene GCH1, which encodes the enzyme GTP cyclohydrolase I, disrupts the production of BH4, decreasing dopamine levels (hypodopaminergia). This results in autosomal-dominant DRD. Mutations in the genes for tyrosine hydroxylase and sepiapterin reductase result in autosomal-recessive forms of the disease. When the latter enzyme is affected, the condition tends to be more severe. The activity of dopaminergic neurons in the nigrostriatal pathway normally peaks during the morning and also decreases with age until after age 20, which explains why the symptoms worsen during the course of the day and with increasing age until the third decade of life.
Diagnosis.
The diagnosis of DRD can be made from a typical history, a trial of dopamine medications, and genetic testing. Not all patients show mutations in the GCH1 gene, which makes genetic testing imperfect.
Sometimes a lumbar puncture is performed to measure concentrations of biopterin and neopterin, which can help determine the exact form of dopamine-responsive movement disorder: early onset parkinsonism (reduced biopterin and normal neopterin), GTP cyclohydrolase I deficiency (both decreased) and tyrosine hydroxylase deficiency (both normal).
In approximately half of cases, a phenylalanine loading test can be used to show decreased conversion from the amino acid phenylalanine to tyrosine. This process uses BH4 as a cofactor.
During a sleep study (polysomnography), decreased twitching may be noticed during REM sleep.
An MRI scan of the brain can be used to look for conditions that can mimic DRD (for example, metal deposition in the basal ganglia can indicate Wilson's disease or pantothenate kinase-associated neurodegeneration). Nuclear imaging of the brain using positron emission tomography (PET scan) shows a normal radiolabelled dopamine uptake in DRD, contrary to the decreased uptake in Parkinson's disease.
Other differential diagnoses include metabolic disorders (such as GM2 gangliosidosis, phenylketonuria, hypothyroidism, Leigh disease) primarily dystonic juvenile parkinsonism, autosomal recessive early onset parkinsonism with diurnal fluctuation, early onset idiopathic parkinsonism, focal dystonias, dystonia musculorum deformans and dyspeptic dystonia with hiatal hernia.
History.
The disease is named after Dr. Segawa, who provided an early clinical description.

</doc>
<doc id="20059317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20059317" title="Powerlifting at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Women's 40 kg">
Powerlifting at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Women's 40 kg

The women's 40 kg powerlifting event at the 2008 Summer Paralympics was contested on 9 September at the Beihang University Gymnasium in Beijing, China. This event was the lightest of the women's powerlifting weight classes, limiting competitors to a maximum of of body mass.
As with all Paralympic powerlifting events, lifters competed in the bench press. Each athlete was allowed three attempts to bench press as much weight as possible. Athletes attempting to break a record were allowed a fourth attempt. For the attempt to be valid, the competitor must have lowered the weighted bar to her chest, held it motionless for a moment, then pressed the bar upwards until her arms were fully extended. If the competitor failed to meet these requirements or any other rule infraction was committed, the attempt was declared invalid by a team of three referees and the result struck from the record.
Results.
Key: WR=World record

</doc>
<doc id="20059325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20059325" title="Michael Lewis (psychologist)">
Michael Lewis (psychologist)

Michael Lewis (born January 10, 1937 in Brooklyn, New York) is University Distinguished Professor of Pediatrics and Psychiatry, and director of the Institute for the Study of Child Development at Rutgers Robert Wood Johnson Medical School. He is also professor of psychology, education, and biomedical engineering and serves on the Executive Committee of the Cognitive Science Center at Rutgers. He is also founding director of the Rutgers Robert Wood Johnson Medical School Autism Center. He received his PhD in 1962 from the University of Pennsylvania in both clinical and experimental psychology.
Research.
His research has focused on normal and deviant emotional and intellectual development. By focusing on the normal course of development, he has been able to articulate the sequence of developmental capacities of the child in regard to its intellectual growth and relate this to changes in the organization of its central nervous system functioning. His discoveries of techniques to measure CNS functioning, through the use of the habituation-dishabituation paradigm, are widely used throughout the country and have become the standard measurement system used to predict dysfunctional growth as well as normal development. Using these measurement instruments, he has been able to develop computer-based techniques for enhancing intellectual ability in children suffering from a variety of disorders associated with retardation. These include children with Down syndrome, preterm infants, and children with cerebral palsy. 
His interest in emotional and social development, both normal and deviate, can be seen in his books, monographs, chapters and papers. His 1992 book, "Shame: The Exposed Self", continued his interest in emotional development, turning attention to the little studied areas of self-conscious emotions. His newest book is "The Rise of Consciousness and the Development of Emotional Life". This book, published by The Guilford Press in 2014, provides a new understanding of emotional development from infancy through childhood and beyond. Synthesizing decades of influential research it explores how biology, culture, and consciousness interact to shape the growing child’s increasingly complex emotional life. The book describes how human newborns arrive with a multitude of behaviors, or "action patterns," that connect them to their physical worlds; for example, tasting a bitter food elicits a recognizable expression of disgust. Action patterns are not learned, but are readily influenced by temperament and social interactions. With the emergence of consciousness, Lewis shows, these early competencies become reflected feelings, giving rise to the self-conscious emotions of empathy, envy, embarrassment, and, later, shame, guilt, and pride. Beginning as responses to particular physical events, emotions later become elicited by ideas about the self and the world. Lewis suggests that the ability to think about ourselves is not only what gives meaning to our emotional lives, but also what enables us to make choices, evaluate our behavior, and make plans for the future. Focusing on typically developing children, the book also explores problems of atypical emotional development. Providing a novel integration of evolutionary biology and developmental theory, this book is important, thought-provoking reading for researchers and graduate students in developmental and personality/social psychology, as well as child clinical psychologists interested in emotional development.
His work on emotional development and consciousness is part of a series of books on the development of consciousness. In his 1979 book, "Social Cognition and the Acquisition of Self", he began the research on the use of mirror recognition as a measure of consciousness. His 1983 book, "Children's Emotions and Moods", was the first volume devoted to emotional development, and his "Handbook of Emotions (1st edition)" (1993) was awarded the 1995 Choice Magazine’s Outstanding Academic Book Award. It is now it its 3rd edition (2008). In "Altering Fate: Why The Past Does Not Predict The Future" (1997), a finalist for the 1998 Eleanor Maccoby Book Award, Lewis attempted to describe various developmental theories and argues for the proposition that early childhood does not seal one's fate. Professor Lewis argues that children's environments, at whatever age, determine how children behave, and he suggests that altering environments should be the major task in effecting social adjustment and mental health.
Besides these books he has authored "Language Interaction Intervention Program: A Workshop Curriculum for Parent Training" (1991), and two research monographs including "A developmental study of information processing within the first three years of life: Response decrement to a redundant signal" (1969) and "The determinants of children's responses to separation" (1977). Many of these books have been translated into German, Italian, Polish, Russian, Danish and Japanese. The most recent of these edited volumes include the "Handbook of Developmental Psychopathology: 3rd edition" (2014), an "Introduction to Infant Development, Canadian Edition" (2011), "The Cambridge Handbook of Environment in Human Development: A Handbook of Theory and Measurement" (2012), and "Gender Differences in Prenatal Substance Exposure" (2012). In addition, he has had published over 400 articles and chapters in professional journals and scholarly texts.
Usage of new technology.
In 2012, Dr. Lewis collaborated with New Jersey technology company WebTeam Corporation to develop Autism N Developmental Disorder Screening (ANDDS), an app designed to periodically evaluate a child’s developmental traits in order to weigh the risk of autism or similar disorders. ANDDS contains a series of age-specific questions that parents and pediatricians can answer to determine whether or not the examinee has the cognitive abilities appropriate to his/her age. The first screening can be made when the child is 8-month old, followed by subsequent screenings at 12, 15, 18, 24 and 36 months.
Honors.
Among his honors, Lewis is a fellow of the New York Academy of Sciences,American Psychological Association, and American Association of the Advancement of Science, as well as the Japan Society for the Promotion of Science. In 1995 he was ranked by a University of Notre Dame Study as number 1 in terms of the impact of scientists who are most referenced and productive in the field of developmental sciences, in the top 1.5% of scientists referenced in the Social Science Index. In addition, Dr. Lewis received the 2009 Urie Bronfenbrenner Award for Lifetime Contribution to Developmental Psychology in the Service of Science and Society from the American Psychological Association, as well as the 2012 Hedi Levenback Pioneer Award from The New York Zero-to-Three for his pioneering research in child development. The Society of Research in Child Development, the leading academic child development organization, announced the 2013 award for the Distinguished Scientific Contributions to Child Development, in recognition of Lewis's lifetime contribution to the scientific body of knowledge and understanding of children's development.

</doc>
<doc id="20059329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20059329" title="Merry-Go-Round (Moya Brennan song)">
Merry-Go-Round (Moya Brennan song)

"Merry-Go-Round" was the second commercial single taken from Moya Brennan's album "Signature", released in the same year. The cover shows a photograph by Mella Travers.
The song was also recording for Moya Brennan's "Heart Strings" album.

</doc>
<doc id="20059345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20059345" title="French frigate Sensible (1788)">
French frigate Sensible (1788)

Sensible was a 32-gun "Magicienne"-class frigate of the French Navy. The Royal Navy captured her in 1798 off Malta and took into service as HMS "Sensible". She was lost in a grounding off Ceylon in 1802.
French Navy service.
From November 1789, she served at Martinique under "captaine de vaisseau" Durand de Braye (or Durand d'Ubraye). In September 1790, she ferried Joséphine de Beauharnais and her daughter Hortense from Martinique to Toulon.
In 1792, she took part in operations against Sardinia. In 1793, she was equipped as a bomb ship.
On 9 December 1795, "Sensible" was part of Gantaume's squadron. "Sensible", along with the corvettes "Sardine" and "Rossignol", captured the 28-gun in the neutral port of Smyrna. The French warships entered the harbour in disregard of its neutrality and forced "Nemesis" to surrender. Murray Maxwell (then a midshipman) was taken prisoner on this occasion.
Under "lieutenant de vaisseau" (later "capitaine de frégate") Escoffier, in March–April 1795 "Sensible" crossed the Aegean Sea, stopping at Tunis and Valletta on her way to Toulon. The next year she came under the command of "capitaine de frégate" Guillaume-François-Joseph Bourdé. He sailed "Sensible" from Toulon to Trieste via Corfu. She then cruised the Adriatic before returning to Corfu.
"Sensible" was subsequently armed en flûte and used as a transport in the Mediterranean. In an action on 27 June 1798, the 38-gun HMS "Seahorse" captured her. "Sensible" lost 25 men killed and 55 wounded. "Seahorse" had two men killed and 16 men wounded; the British report is that "Sensible" lost 18 men killed and 35 wounded, including Bourdé. Captain Edward James Foote of "Seahorse" further reported that "Sensible" had recently received copper sheathing and fastening, and a thorough repair at Toulon two months previously. At the time of her capture "Sensible" was carrying General of Division Baraguey D'Hilliers, with his entourage. They were going to Toulon with a report on the capture of Malta.
The British took her into service as HMS "Sensible". The French Navy suspended Captain Bourdé on 31 July on suspicion of not having resisted adequately, and court-martialed him on 20 May 1799 for the loss of his ship. Acquitted, he was reinstated on 21 August.
Royal Navy service.
"Sensible" was placed under Commander John Baker Hay, who received his promotion to post captain in September. She was named and registered on 13 October. She arrived at Portsmouth on 25 November. There she was fitted as a troopship between June and August 1799. She was commissioned in July under Captain Robert Sauce. "Sensible" shared with and in the proceeds of the recapture, on 11 July 1800, of the "Pierfons".
On 14 May 1801, "Sensible" landed troops in Abu Qir Bay. Because "Sensible" served in the navy's Egyptian campaign (8 March to 2 September 1801), her officers and crew qualified for the clasp "Egypt" to the Naval General Service Medal that the Admiralty issued in 1847 to all surviving claimants.
Loss.
On 2 March 1802, as she sailed off Ceylon, she grounded, having been unable to turn quickly enough once breakers were sighted. She had to be abandoned as a wreck after 16 hours of efforts to lighten her. She had run into a shoal off Mullaitivu due to negligent navigation. (Earlier had warned Sauce that his reckoning was off by 40 miles.) The subsequent court martial severely reprimanded Sauce and moved his name to the bottom of the list of Commanders. The court martial also dismissed the service the master, James O'Conner.

</doc>
<doc id="20059368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20059368" title="WDSC">
WDSC

WDSC may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20059394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20059394" title="Paula Rebstock">
Paula Rebstock

Paula Rebstock, CNZM, is an Auckland-based consultant and company director who served as the Chair of the New Zealand Commerce Commission until March 2009. Originally from Montana in the United States, Rebstock has lived in New Zealand since 1987.
Education.
Rebstock has a double degree in international relations and economics from the University of Oregon, and a Masters Degree in Economics from the London School of Economics.
Career.
After graduation she initially worked in New York before moving to New Zealand in 1987 where she was employed by the Treasury as an economist. She served in the Department of the Prime Minister and Cabinet as an economics advisor and subsequently as General Manager Policy with the Department of Labour.
In August 1998 she was appointed as an Associate Commissioner of the Commerce Commission, becoming Chair in 2003. She was re-appointed as Chair in 2006 until 2009.
Personal.
Rebstock is married to Ulf Schoefisch and has two daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="20059418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20059418" title="Penalty flag">
Penalty flag

The penalty flag (or "flag") is a yellow cloth used in several field sports including American football and lacrosse by game officials to identify and sometimes mark the location of penalties or infractions that occur during regular play. It is usually wrapped around a weight, such as sand or beans so it can be thrown accurately over greater distances. Many officials previously weighted flags with BBs, but the practice was largely discontinued after a flag thrown by NFL referee Jeff Triplette struck Cleveland Browns offensive tackle Orlando Brown in the eye during a 1999 game vs. the Jacksonville Jaguars, causing a serious injury to Brown, who later attacked Triplette and threw him to the ground. Brown was forced to sit out three seasons because of the eye injury and settled with the NFL for a reported amount of $25 million.
The flag is colored orange in Canadian football. NFL penalty flags were colored white until 1965, when the color was changed to yellow. Penalty flags in college football were red until the 1970s.
The idea for the penalty flag came from Youngstown State coach Dwight Beede and first used in a game against Oklahoma City University on October 17, 1941. Prior to the use of flags, officials used horns and whistles to signal a penalty. Official adoption of the use of the flag occurred at the 1948 American Football Coaches rules session. The National Football League first used flags on September 17, 1948 when the Green Bay Packers played the Boston Yanks.
In the NFL, coaches are given a red flag (challenge flag) of similar construction as a penalty flag. This is thrown by a coach when he wishes to contest (challenge) a referee's decision.

</doc>
<doc id="20059425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20059425" title="Celebrity Sports Center">
Celebrity Sports Center

Celebrity Sports Center (CSC or Celebrity's) was a family-oriented entertainment business and landmark in metropolitan Denver. Celebrity's was located in Glendale, Colorado at 888 South Colorado Boulevard near East Kentucky Avenue. It opened in 1960 and operated continuously for 34 years before closing in 1994. The original investors included Walt Disney, his brother Roy, Jack Benny, Bing Crosby, George Burns, Charles Laughton, Burl Ives, Art Linkletter, John Payne, Spike Jones and Jim and Marion Jordan (Fibber McGee and Molly).
There are some sources that suggest Walt Disney Company used the business as a training facility for its employees prior to deployment to Disney World.
Walt Disney and the original investors built the Celebrity's complex at a cost of $6 million. The bowling lanes opened first in 1960 and the rest of the center opened in 1961. 
In 1979, a group of private investors led by Bob Leavitt and Neil Griffin purchased Celebrity's for $1.9 million. The three signature water slides that were visible from outside of the building were added after Leavitt/Griffin purchase.
In the early 1990s, Celebrity's was losing money and apparently in need of significant maintenance. In 1994, the complex was sold to Acquisition Corporation of the Rockies for $10.8 million, a subsidiary of Trammell Crow Company. The new owner demolished Celebrity's by March 1995. Today the site is a Home Depot store and retail space.
Features.
Celebrity's was home to 80 bowling lanes, more than 300 video games and pinball machines spread across three arcades, a 50-meter pool with three water slides, a billiard room, a full-service restaurant, bumper-car rides and a shooting gallery.
Bowling.
In the spring of 1991, the Celebrity Sports Center played host to the $125,000 Celebrity Denver Open for the Professional Bowlers Association Tour from May 21 to May 25. The final round of the tournament was televised live on ESPN. Left-hander John Mazza would go into the TV Finals with a 299 pin lead over the 2nd place qualifier Parker Bohn III. Curtis Odom qualified 3rd, Bryan Goebel 4th, and Mike Shady would take the 5th and final seed. The opening match saw Mike Shady squeak out a narrow victory over 4th seed Bryan Goebel with a score of 184-173. He followed up that victory with a 212-199 win over Curtis Odom, but he would fall to Parker Bohn III in the 3rd match of the show 226-204. In the championship match, Parker Bohn III was simply unable to find a consistent line to the pocket to score. As a result, he was defeated easily by the number 1 seed John Mazza, who threw 10 out of 12 possible strikes in a lopsided 269-190 victory to win the first place prize of $18,000. It was the first and last time the PBA Tour would visit the Celebrity Sports Center.
Legacy.
CSC still evokes fond memories from many metropolitan Denver natives. The "Denver Post" called Celebrity Sports Center a "huge indoor funland," a landmark "uniquely Denver," and noted its demolition left a "void...that cannot be filled." Some tributes to CSC can still be found online. One such tribute even notes that CSC souvenirs and paraphernalia continue to appear on auction websites from time to time, and seem to sell for high prices.
Patrons often remember the iconic sign that stood outside Celebrity's. At least one of the 14-point stars from the sign has been preserved. Today it is used as a winter holiday decoration at the Lumber Baron Inn & Gardens in Denver, Colorado.
Additionally, the old bowling lanes at Celebrity's were preserved. Those lanes were reused during the restoration of the 19th-century Oxford Hotel in downtown Denver and now serve as the hotel's ballroom floor.
Early plans for the redevelopment of the site included a brass plaque to be "mounted somewhere on the new site to commemorate Celebrity's existence as the entertainment mecca that it was." The fate of this proposed plaque is unclear.

</doc>
<doc id="20059490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20059490" title="Ida (given name)">
Ida (given name)

Ida is a given name occurring independently in several cultures.
Elsewhere.
Ida is a female name derived from a Germanic word "id", meaning "labor, work." Alternately, it may be related to the name of the Old Norse goddess "Iðunn". It is a currently popular name in Scandinavia and is among the top 10 names given to girls born in 2009 in both Denmark and Norway. Its name day is on February 16 in Slovakia, March 15 in the Czech Republic, on September 4 in Germany, Norway and Poland, on September 14 in Sweden and Finland. It is also a Yiddish female name and an Old English masculine name, derived from the same Germanic root. 
Fictional

</doc>
<doc id="20059491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20059491" title="Haningayogmiut">
Haningayogmiut

The Haningayogmiut were a Copper Inuit subgroup located on the Back River ("Haningayok"). According to Arctic explorer Vilhjalmur Stefansson, the Haningayogmiut were a small tribe. The Kaernermiut were also located on the Back River and may have been the same subgroup.

</doc>
<doc id="20059509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20059509" title="Bethlehem Area School District Stadium">
Bethlehem Area School District Stadium

Bethlehem Area School District Stadium or BASD Stadium for short, is a multi-purpose stadium for both Freedom High School and Liberty High School. The stadium seats up to 14,000 and can occupy up to 16,000 in the standing section. It is one of the premiere multi-purpose stadiums in Pennsylvania. Freedom and Liberty High Schools play their home football, soccer, and field hockey games here. The stadium was renovated in 2005 when Field Turf was added thanks in part to the generosity of Frank Banko. The field was renamed after 2005 to Frank Banko Field at BASD Stadiuim. The field is also rented by Bethlehem Catholic High School for their use.
History.
The BASD Stadium was constructed in 1941 by the Works Progress Administration as part of a New Deal program. The steel for the stadium bleachers was donated by Bethlehem Steel.
Sharing of the Stadium.
The stadium is mainly used by both Liberty and Freedom High School. However, it is located on the campus of Liberty, causing Liberty to call the stadium Liberty's Stadium. They believe they should always get the home side of the stadium during the Freedom-Liberty "Battle For The Bell" rivalry game. However, the teams alternate sides. Both the home side and the away side seat 7 to 8 thousand.

</doc>
<doc id="20059529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20059529" title="Reinoldijus Šarkinas">
Reinoldijus Šarkinas

Reinoldijus Šarkinas (born July 7, 1946) has been Chairman of the Bank of Lithuania since 1996. Šarkinas graduated studies at the Economics Faculty of Vilnius University in 1968. Between 1980 and 1982 he served as Financial Adviser to the Ministry of Education in Cuba and for several years was Deputy Minister of Finance, charged with budget management. Previously, he was briefly Minister of Finance.

</doc>
<doc id="20059530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20059530" title="Frederika">
Frederika

Frederika may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20059535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20059535" title="Powerlifting at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Women's 44 kg">
Powerlifting at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Women's 44 kg

The women's 44 kg powerlifting event at the 2008 Summer Paralympics was contested on 9 September at the Beihang University Gymnasium in Beijing, China. This event was the second-lightest of the women's powerlifting weight classes, limiting competitors to a maximum of of body mass.
As with all Paralympic powerlifting events, lifters competed in the bench press. Each athlete was allowed three attempts to bench press as much weight as possible. Athletes attempting to break a record were allowed a fourth attempt. For the attempt to be valid, the competitor must have lowered the weighted bar to her chest, held it motionless for a moment, then pressed the bar upwards until her arms were fully extended. If the competitor failed to meet these requirements or any other rule infraction was committed, the attempt was declared invalid by a team of three referees and the result struck from the record.
Results.
Key: NMR=No marks recorded; DNS=Did not start

</doc>
<doc id="20059564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20059564" title="Bingwi Neyaashi Anishinaabek First Nation">
Bingwi Neyaashi Anishinaabek First Nation

The Bingwi Neyaashi Anishinaabek (formerly known as Sand Point First Nation, and occasionally known as Bingwi Neyaashi Anishinaabeg) is an Ojibwa First Nation in Northwestern Ontario, Canada. 
Their traditional territory is the Sand Point, located on the south east shores of Lake Nipigon, in Greenstone near Fairloch, formerly occupied by the Lake Nipigon Provincial Park. In October 2008, they had a total registered population of 185 people, of which only four people lived on Sand Point. 
The Nation is led by Chief Paul Gladu. The council is a member of Nokiiwin Tribal Council, a Regional Chiefs' Council, and is member of Union of Ontario Indians, a tribal political organization. The First Nation is also a member of Waaskiinaysay Ziibi Inc., an economic development corporation made up of five Lake Nipigon First Nations.

</doc>
<doc id="20059580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20059580" title="Doc Shepherd">
Doc Shepherd

George Doc Shepherd was a British racing driver. He entered the inaugural year of the British Saloon Car Championship in 1958, driving a class A Austin A35 where he finished fourth on points and second in class. in 1959, he finished second in the championship in an Austin A40. He became the BSCC champion a year later in 1960 for the Don Moore Racing Team [http://www.btccpages.com/champ.php].
References.
http://www.btccpages.com/champ.php BTCC Pages list of champions.

</doc>
<doc id="20059599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20059599" title="Philippe Giusiano">
Philippe Giusiano

Philippe Giusiano (born in Marseille, 1973) is a French classical pianist.
In 1990 he took part at the XII Fryderyk Chopin Competition, where he obtained an Honourable Mention. Five years later Giusiano took part in the XIII competition and made it to the finals along with Alexei Sultanov and Gabriela Montero. With the 1st prize being declared void, Giusiano and Sultanov shared the 2nd prize.
Giusiano's teachers have included Odile Poisson (Conservatoire de Marseille), Pierre Barbizet ( idem ), Jean-Claude Pennetier (Paris Conservatory), Jacques Rouvier ( idem ), Karl-Heinz Kämmerling (Universität Mozarteum Salzburg), and Jan Wijn (Conservatorium van Amsterdam).

</doc>
<doc id="20059600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20059600" title="Can I Burn? 2">
Can I Burn? 2

Can I Burn? 2 is the fifth album released by the rapper Fiend. It was released on May 13, 2003 for Fiend's own label, Fiend Entertainment and featured production from Fiend, Jazze Pha and David Banner. After two successful albums for No Limit Records, Can I Burn? 2 was his second independent release since 1995 and found mild success, peaking at #55 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and #36 on the Top Heatseekers.

</doc>
<doc id="20059609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20059609" title="2002 European Junior Swimming Championships">
2002 European Junior Swimming Championships

The 2002 European Junior Swimming Championships were held from 11–14 July 2002 in Linz, Austria.

</doc>
<doc id="20059622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20059622" title="Charles Berstad">
Charles Berstad

Charles Berstad (born 29 November 1964) is a retired Norwegian football player and current coach.
He played for Disenå, Skarnes before playing for Kongsvinger from 1983 to 1992. He then played for Bodø/Glimt from 1993 to 1994, then Kongsvinger again from 1995 to 1998. Berstad has played 303 matches in Tippeligaen, the highest level of football in Norway, and is currently ranked 21st amongst players with the most games played.
He left Kongsvinger and joined Danish club Ikast FS, which in 1999 became FC Midtjylland. He played for Ham-Kam from the summer of 1999 to 2000. He coached Ham-Kam in 2001 before being playing coach of Hamar in 2002. He coached the northern team Fauske/Sprint, then Nybergsund not far from Hamar before signing for another northern team Mo ahead of the 2008 season. He resigned from Mo in July 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20059635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20059635" title="Daisy Cooks!">
Daisy Cooks!

Daisy Cooks! is a half-hour cooking show on PBS starring Daisy Martinez which features Spanish-Caribbean, Puerto Rican, and Mexican cuisine and their preparation.
Episodes.
"(cf. sample show listings)"

</doc>
<doc id="20059645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20059645" title="Halfling deities">
Halfling deities

In many campaign settings for the "Dungeons & Dragons" fantasy role-playing game, the halfling pantheon of gods consists of the leader, Yondalla, as well as Arvoreen, Brandobaris, Cyrrollalee, Sheela Peryroyl, and Urogalan.
Arvoreen.
In many campaign settings for the "Dungeons & Dragons" role-playing game, Arvoreen is the halfling deity of protection, vigilance, and war. He is also known as "The Defender." Arvoreen lives in the halfling realm of the "Green Fields" on the plane of Mount Celestia.
Arvoreen was first detailed in Roger E. Moore's article "The Halfling Point of View," in "Dragon" #59 (TSR, 1982). In "Dragon" #92 (December 1984), Gary Gygax indicated this as one of the deities legal for the Greyhawk setting. He also appeared in the original "Unearthed Arcana" (1985).
Arvoreen was detailed in the book "Monster Mythology" (1992), including details about his priesthood. The deity's role among his followers was expanded in "The Complete Book of Gnomes & Halflings" (1993). His role in the cosmology of the Planescape campaign setting was described in "On Hallowed Ground" (1996). He received a very detailed description for his role in the Forgotten Realms in "Demihuman Deities" (1998). He is described as one of the good deities that celestials can serve in the supplement "Warriors of Heaven" (1999).
Arvoreen's role in the Forgotten Realms is revisited in "Faiths and Pantheons" (2002). He was detailed again in "Races of the Wild" (2005).
Brandobaris.
Brandobaris ("bran"-doe-"bair"-iss) is the halfling deity of Stealth, Thievery, Rogues, and Adventuring. His sacred animal is the mouse. His symbol is a halfling's footprint. In Dungeons and Dragons lore, Brandobaris is said to have won a contest of speed and strength against the ogre and troll deity Vaprak, causing the ogres to cede their forested homeland of Luiren to halflings.
Brandobaris was first detailed in Roger E. Moore's article "The Halfling Point of View," in "Dragon" #59 (TSR, 1982). In "Dragon" #92 (December 1984), Gary Gygax indicated this as one of the deities legal for the Greyhawk setting. He also appeared in the original "Unearthed Arcana" (1985).
Brandobaris was detailed in the book "Monster Mythology" (1992), including details about his priesthood. The deity's role among his followers was expanded in "The Complete Book of Gnomes & Halflings" (1993). His role in the cosmology of the Planescape campaign setting was described in "On Hallowed Ground" (1996). He received a very detailed description for his role in the Forgotten Realms in "Demihuman Deities" (1998). Brandobaris's role in the Forgotten Realms is revisited in "Faiths and Pantheons" (2002). He was detailed again in "Races of the Wild" (2005).
Cyrrollalee.
Cyrrollalee is the halfling deity of friendship, trust, and the home. She lives in the halfling realm of the "Green Fields" on the plane of Mount Celestia. Cyrrollalee appears as a humble-looking halfling woman of homely appearance. She wears brown peasant's garb matching her hair. Her avatar carries two pairs of "iron bands of Bilarro". Cyrrollalee lives in the halfling realm of the "Green Fields" on the plane of Mount Celestia.
Cyrrollalee was first detailed in Roger E. Moore's article "The Halfling Point of View," in "Dragon" #59 (TSR, 1982). In "Dragon" #92 (December 1984), Gary Gygax indicated this as one of the deities legal for the Greyhawk setting. She also appeared in the original "Unearthed Arcana" (1985).
Cyrrollalee was detailed in the book "Monster Mythology" (1992), including details about her priesthood. The deity's role among her followers was expanded in "The Complete Book of Gnomes & Halflings" (1993). Her role in the cosmology of the Planescape campaign setting was described in "On Hallowed Ground" (1996). She received a very detailed description for her role in the Forgotten Realms in "Demihuman Deities" (1998). She is described as one of the good deities that celestials can serve in the supplement "Warriors of Heaven" (1999). Cyrrollalee's role in the Forgotten Realms is revisited in "Faiths and Pantheons" (2002). She was detailed again in "Races of the Wild" (2005).
Sheela Peryroyl.
Sheela Peryroyl is the halfling deity of nature, agriculture, and weather. Her realm of Flowering Hill can be found on the plane of the Outlands. Sheela is generally depicted as a pretty halfling maiden with brightly colored wildflowers woven in her hair. She is quiet, though her face is smiling and her eyes are dancing. She may also be depicted as laughing .Sheela's realm of "Flowering Hill" in the Outlands.
Sheela Peryroyl was first detailed in Roger E. Moore's article "The Halfling Point of View," in "Dragon" #59 (TSR, 1982). In "Dragon" #92 (December 1984), Gary Gygax indicated this as one of the deities legal for the Greyhawk setting. She also appeared in the original "Unearthed Arcana" (1985).
Sheela Peryroyl was detailed in the book "Monster Mythology" (1992), including details about his priesthood. The deity's role among her followers was expanded in "The Complete Book of Gnomes & Halflings" (1993). Her role in the cosmology of the Planescape campaign setting was described in "On Hallowed Ground" (1996). She received a very detailed description for her role in the Forgotten Realms in "Demihuman Deities" (1998). She is described as one of the good deities that celestials can serve in the supplement "Warriors of Heaven" (1999). Sheela Peryroyl's role in the Forgotten Realms is revisited in "Faiths and Pantheons" (2002). She was detailed again in "Races of the Wild" (2005).
Urogalan.
Urogalan is the halfling deity of earth and death. His symbol is the silhouette of a dog's head. He is a gentle deity for a god of death, respected and revered by his chosen race but never feared. He is seen as a protector of the dead. Urogalan is a slim, dusky-skinned halfling dressed in brown or pure white, representing his two primary aspects of earth and death. Urogalan's realm, "Soulearth", is found on the plane of Elysium
Urogalan was first mentioned in Roger Moore's "The Gods of the Halflings" article in "Dragon" #59 (1982). He was first detailed in the release of "Monster Mythology" (1992), which included details about his priesthood. His role in the cosmology of the Planescape campaign setting was described in "On Hallowed Ground" (1996). He received a very detailed description for his role in the Forgotten Realms in "Demihuman Deities" (1998). Urogalan's role in the Forgotten Realms is revisited in "Faiths and Pantheons" (2002). He was detailed again in "Races of the Wild" (2005).
Yondalla.
In the "Dungeons & Dragons" roleplaying game, Yondalla is the chief halfling goddess and a member of the game's 3rd edition "core pantheon". Her symbol is a shield with a cornucopia motif. Yondalla is the goddess of Protection, Fertility, the Halfling Race, Children, Security, Leadership, Diplomacy, Wisdom, the Cycle of Life, Creation, Family and Familial Love, Tradition, Community, Harmony, and Prosperity. Yondalla is represented as a strong female halfling with red-golden hair, looking determined and proud. She dresses in green, yellow, and brown, and carries a shield. Yondalla has two aspects that the halflings speak of in front of others: the Provider and the Protector. As the Provider, she is a goddess of fertility and growing things, of birth and youth. She can make barren things fertile and increase the growing rate of plants and animals to any speed she chooses.
Yondalla is the creator deity for the halfing race in Dungeons and Dragons lore, and different stories and exist throughout the source materials. Dallah Thaun, the Lady of Mysteries, is a deity split from Yondalla according some lore.
Yondalla was created by James M. Ward for the "Deities and Demigods Cyclopedia" (1980). Yondalla was detailed in the book "Monster Mythology" (1992), including details about her priesthood. Her role in the cosmology of the Planescape campaign setting was described in "On Hallowed Ground" (1996). Yondalla's role among her followers was expanded in "The Complete Book of Gnomes & Halflings" (1993). Yondalla received a very detailed description for her role in the Forgotten Realms in "Demihuman Deities" (1998). Yondalla is described as one of the good deities that celestials can serve in the supplement "Warriors of Heaven" (1999).
Yondalla appears as one of the deities described in the Players Handbook for the 3.0 edition. Yondalla is also detailed in "Deities and Demigods" (2002), and her role in the Forgotten Realms is revisited in "Faiths and Pantheons" (2002). Yondalla appears in the revised Players Handbook for 3.5. Her priesthood is detailed for this edition in "Complete Divine" (2004). She again appears in "Races of the Wild" (2005). 

</doc>
<doc id="20059659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20059659" title="Powerlifting at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Women's 48 kg">
Powerlifting at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Women's 48 kg

The women's 48 kg powerlifting event at the 2008 Summer Paralympics was contested on 10 September at the Beihang University Gymnasium in Beijing, China. This event was the third-lightest of the women's powerlifting weight classes, limiting competitors to a maximum of of body mass.
As with all Paralympic powerlifting events, lifters competed in the bench press. Each athlete was allowed three attempts to bench press as much weight as possible. Athletes attempting to break a record were allowed a fourth attempt. For the attempt to be valid, the competitor must have lowered the weighted bar to her chest, held it motionless for a moment, then pressed the bar upwards until her arms were fully extended. If the competitor failed to meet these requirements or any other rule infraction was committed, the attempt was declared invalid by a team of three referees and the result struck from the record.
Results.
Key: WR=World record; NMR=No marks recorded

</doc>
<doc id="20059689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20059689" title="Dongkou County">
Dongkou County

Dongkou (洞口县) is a county and a city in Hunan province in China. It has a population of approximately 790,000. It is under the jurisdiction of Shaoyang prefecture-level city.

</doc>
<doc id="20059730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20059730" title="Franklyn (name)">
Franklyn (name)

Franklyn is both a surname and a given name. Notable people with the name include:
Surname:
Given name:

</doc>
<doc id="20059799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20059799" title="Abschied von St. Petersburg">
Abschied von St. Petersburg

Abschied von St. Petersburg ("Farewell to St. Petersburg"), opus 210, is the name of a waltz composed by Johann Strauss II. The work was first performed at a benefit concert in Pavlovsk on September 5, 1858, as part of a tour of Russia that Strauss was conducting. In keeping with the vogue then current in Russia for the French language, the work was entitled as "Mes adieux a St. Petersbourgh" ("My Farewell to St. Petersburg"). Less than a week after his return to his home city of Vienna, Strauss conducted the first Viennese performance of the work at the Vienna Volksgarten.
A critic for the "Wiener Allgemeine Theaterzeitung" commented on Strauss' waltz: "The waltz "Abschied von St. Petersburg" distinguishes itself among the newly performed compositions by its alluring themes and interesting instrumentation; the composition has a predominantly serious Slavic character [...] Strauss was accorded extraordinary amounts of applause and had to repeat each new composition two or three times." However, despite the public and critical acclaim for the composition, "Abschied von St. Petersburg" did not remain long in the Strauss Orchestra's repertoire, and it is not very well known nowadays.
In keeping with the work's title, the waltz has a rather mournful quality about it: the composition begins with a passage for solo cello, which soon gives way to the melancholic opening waltz theme, a mood that is enhanced by the use of counter-melodies in the cello line. The composition does not end with a drumroll or flourish, as most of Strauss' other waltzes do, but instead fades away into the distance with a trumpet call, probably meant to symbolise the composer's carriage as it drives him away from Pavlovsk and St. Petersburg.
"Abschied von St. Petersburg" rendered its name to a 1971 Soviet film by Yan Frid (, "Farewell to St. Petersburg") about the composer's affair with Olga Smirnitskaya in the summer of 1857.

</doc>
<doc id="20059810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20059810" title="French corvette Sardine (1771)">
French corvette Sardine (1771)

Sardine was a corvette of the French Navy, launched in 1771. The Royal Navy captured her at the Siege of Toulon but the French retook her when the Anglo-Spanish force retreated. The Royal Navy captured her again in 1796. She then served as HMS "Sardine" until she was sold in 1806.
French career.
"Sardine" was built to a design by Broquier, who died 26 December 1781. She served in the Mediterranean during the Ancien Régime. In 1792 she was under the command of "Lieutenant de vaiseau" the chevalier de Bellon de Sainte-Marguerite and served as an escort in the Levant. She was at Smyrna in March, and then cruised the Aegean Sea. Next, she escorted a convoy from Smyrna to Cape Matapan, and then protected French trade between Tripoli (Syria) and Alexandria. Lastly, she escorted a convoy from Cyprus to Marseilles in October.
In August 1793 an Anglo-Spanish force captured Toulon and Royalist forces turned over to them the French naval vessels in the port. When the Anglo-Spanish force had to leave in December, they took with them the best vessels and tried to burn the remainder. Although some reports have the Anglo-Spanish forces capturing her and then leaving her behind, she does not appear on an English list of vessels captured, burnt, or otherwise disposed off.
On 9 December 1795, "Sardine" was part of Gantaume's squadron. She, the frigate "Sensible", and the corvette "Rossignol" captured the 28-gun HMS "Nemesis", which had grounded and after refloating had anchored out of range of the fort in the neutral port of Smyrna. The French warships entered the harbour in disregard of its neutrality and called on "Nemesis" to surrender, which she did when the French refused to honour the port's neutrality and fired on "Nemesis". Three men from "Nemesis", a sailor and two Royal Marines, defected to the French and joined "Sardine".
Capture.
On 9 March 1796, "Nemesis" was anchored in the neutral harbour of Tunis, together with "Sardine", under the command of "Enseigne de vaisseu" Icard (acting), and "Postillon". The British sent a squadron under the command of Vice-Admiral William Waldegrave to recapture "Nemesis". Boats from "Egmont", "Barfleur" and "Bombay Castle" attacked the French ships and captured all three. The squadron also included , , and the cutter . The British took the three men who had defected from "Nemesis" to "Sardine" and hanged them.
Admiral Jervis sent "Nemesis", "Sardine", and "Postillon" to Ajaccio. He had "Postillon" repaired and painted before selling her to Sir Gilbert Elliot the British viceroy of the Anglo-Corsican Kingdom, for onward transfer to the Dey of the Regency of Algiers. "Nemesis" returned to British service, and "Sardine" was brought into the Royal Navy.
British service.
"Sardine" was brought into British service as the sloop-of-war HMS "Sardine" and commissioned under Commander W. Wilkinson. By July Jervis had appointed Commander Edward Killwick, of to command her. In July 1796, Admiral Lord Nelson took "Sardine" with him to blockade Leghorn but remarked:The Sardine cannot move in light airs, she is so very foul; and to say the truth, she has not the men to manage her, although I am sure that Captain Killwick does all in his power.
On 15 September 1796 "Sardine" captured the Spanish brig "St. Juan Baptise". On 20 September "Sardine" attempted to enter the port at Genoa but was driven away by gunfire. "Sardine" was part of a squadron under Admiral Cuthbert Collingwood, in , and also containing the cutter , at Bastia before the British evacuated it in October.
In early 1797 and "Sardine" escorted a convoy of 13 merchantmen from Elba to Gibraltar. In March Commander A. Kempe took command of "Sardine". Then Commander Edward Killwick replaced Kempe in May. "Sardine" was formally named and registered on 27 June 1798.
In May 1798 Killwick was appointed to command the Southwark Sea Fencibles. "Sardine" then essentially disappears from view. As Nelson had already remarked that she was foul, it is highly likely that Killwick had sailed her to Britain where she was paid off, registered, and ignored.
Fate.
From 1805, she was at Portsmouth in ordinary. She was offered for sale in September 1806, and was sold later that year and broken up.

</doc>
<doc id="20059818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20059818" title="Power Rangers Collectible Card Game">
Power Rangers Collectible Card Game

The Power Rangers Collectible Card Game is an American trading card game created by Bandai based upon Saban's Power Rangers Series television franchise. It was released in October 2008. The artwork featured on the cards originates from the Japanese Rangers Strike trading card game created by Cards in commemoration of the Super Sentai Series's 30th anniversary. Toei's Super Sentai Series television franchise is the primary source of Japanese footage for "Power Rangers".
A second version of this game was released to coincide with the "Power Rangers Megaforce" television series under Saban Entertainment, as the characters use cards for their powers.

</doc>
<doc id="20059836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20059836" title="Oroville Chinese Temple">
Oroville Chinese Temple

The Oroville Chinese Temple was built in 1863 as a community center for the substantial Chinese population of Oroville, California. It was originally composed of three parts: the Chan Room for Confucian meditation, the Moon Temple, for Buddhist rites, and the Council Room, for community functions. The Emperor and Empress of China provided funds for the construction and furnishings. Flooding in 1907 led to an exodus of Chinese from the Oroville area, leaving the temple largely unused. After a period under the stewardship of the Chan family, the temple was deeded to the City of Oroville in 1937 and was opened as a museum in 1949.
Since then a number of modern additions have been made, including a tapestry hall, a display hall and a garden.

</doc>
<doc id="20059851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20059851" title="Israel Orenstein">
Israel Orenstein

Israel Orenstein (born 1831) was a Russian Jewish novelist.
Life.
Orenstein was born at Yampol in the guberniya of Podolia (present-day Ukraine). At the age of twenty-one he went to Rumania, where he published (1870) his first novel in Hebrew: "Bet Ya'aḳob o Dim'at 'Ashuḳim". He subsequently published the following novels in Yiddish: "Arba'ah Abot Neziḳin"; "Das Schlechte Kind"; "'Eẓ ha-Da'at"; "Ḥezyon Yisrael", or "Ḥibbut ha-Keber"; "Die Geheimnisse der Jassyer Gemeinde"; and "Die Genarrte Welt".
Bibliography.
N. Sokolow, "Sefer Zikkaron", p. 6, Warsaw, 1888.

</doc>
<doc id="20059864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20059864" title="Rem Urasin">
Rem Urasin

Rem Urasin (born 1976, Kazan) is a Russian pianist. 
In 1992 he won the Chopin Competition in Moscow; he has performed internationally since. From 1994-99 he was trained at the Moscow Conservatory under Lev Naumov (1994–99). 
In 1995 Urasin was awarded the XIII International Frédéric Chopin Piano Competition's 4th prize. He subsequently won the 2001 World Piano Masters Competition in Montecarlo and was second to John Chen at the 2004 Sydney International Piano Competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20059878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20059878" title="General Federation of Labour Unions in the Kingdom of Egypt">
General Federation of Labour Unions in the Kingdom of Egypt

General Federation of Labour Unions in the Kingdom of Egypt (GFLUKE) was a federation of trade unions in Egypt. GFLUKE was founded on March 1, 1938. In the year of its foundation, GFLUKE was the largest trade union organisation in Egypt. At the time of its foundation, GFLUKE consisted of 32 trade unions from the Cairo area. The core behind the founding of GFLUKE consisted of the Commission to Organise the Workers Movement and the group around Abbas Halim. Many of the founding members of GFLUKE had been active in the National Federations of Trade Unions in Egypt (1930–1935). In some ways, GFLUKE was a continuation of NFTUE.
Abbas Halim became the president of GFLUKE, Muhammad Yusuf al-Mudarrik vice-president and Muhammad Hasan Amara general secretary. GFLUKE had a policy of independence from political parties. Towards the government, the organisation employed a pragmatic approach.
Soon after the foundation of GFLUKE, the federation was divided into two camps. The core issue of contention was the role of non-workers in the labour movement. Halim promoted the engineer Ahmad ad-Damardash as-Shanadi as new GFLUKE president, a candidacy that al-Mudarrik opposed. In the end as-Shanadi became GFLUKE president, and Halim became the "zaim" (leader) of GFLUKE.
In 1939, GFLUKE raised the demand for the adoption of a legislation on the right to form trade unions. A group of trade union officials, led by al-Mudarrik, went on an indefinite hunger strike on June 12. The hunger strike, whilst failing to convince the government to adopt such a legislation, became highly publicised.
In the fall of 1939, a wave of layoffs affected the workers in Egypt, parallel to staggering cost of living and decline in real wages. GFLUKE launched protests against the layoffs, demanding government action. The country being under martial law, the government responded by curtailing the abilities of GFLUKE to function. In the end, the federation headquarters were closed down by police. The organisation ceased to function effectively, and by 1941 it was dissolved.

</doc>
<doc id="20059912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20059912" title="Frontier Ruckus">
Frontier Ruckus

Frontier Ruckus is an American band from Michigan. The group's catalog can be most consistently classified as folk rock with a strong verbal emphasis. The project is centered on the lyrically intensive songs of Matthew Milia, and was formed by Milia and banjo player David Winston Jones while growing up in Metro Detroit. In 2008, the band released its debut full-length record, "The Orion Songbook".
Biography.
Milia and Jones formed the band while both attending Brother Rice High School in Metro Detroit. They began by playing a mixture of Milia's early compositions and traditional bluegrass songs that Jones had collected. Around this time they also recruited Eli Eisman as a bassist. While Milia attended Michigan State University—where he studied poetry under Diane Wakoski—and Jones attended the University of Michigan, Frontier Ruckus expanded into a six-piece. The new formation included Zachary Nichols playing trumpet, musical saw, and melodica; Ryan Etzcorn playing drums; and Anna Burch singing harmony vocals—all of whom Milia met while in East Lansing.
In the beginning of 2007, shortly after the release of "I Am The Water You Are Pumping", Frontier Ruckus began to receive attention in Michigan, with "Metro Times" considering the band "already one of the very best sounds to come out of Michigan this entire decade," and Real Detroit Weekly stating: "This is the best band you haven't heard and Milia is the most impressive wordsmith I've listened to in a really long time. I'm not sure If I can recall a voice as untreated and honest as Milia's ... ever. His is a voice whose timbre carries as much meaning as the words that come through it."
Frontier Ruckus was named "Best Folk Group" in Detroit by Real Detroit Weekly, who were also among the first to laud "The Orion Songbook" prior to the album's official release, during an eMusic advance feature.
Released on November 6, 2008 through Quite Scientific Records, "The Orion Songbook" received positive reviews, garnering attention from "Blurt Magazine", Crawdaddy!, and Under the Radar, who gave the album an 8/10. Hear/Say called it "the year's best alt-country album."
In 2009, "Way Upstate and the Crippled Summer, pt. 1", a six-song EP, was released as the fourth side of the double-vinyl edition of "The Orion Songbook". Frontier Ruckus toured the entire US and to Europe for the first time, playing Slottsfjell Festival in Norway, among shows in the UK, Germany, and Holland.
In 2010 the band toured extensively, including a month-long European tour and a performance at Bonnaroo Music Festival, for which Rolling Stone listed the band as one of their Essential Sets, calling the band "the perfect recipe for Gothic Americana." Paste Magazine featured Frontier Ruckus in their "Best of What's Next" issue. It was announced that "Deadmalls and Nightfalls", their second full-length album, would be released July 20 via Ramseur Records.
Versions of several new songs were released through a Daytrotter session on February 14, 2010.
"Deadmalls and Nightfalls" received positive critical reviews—given 9 out of 10 stars by PopMatters, who called the record "a musical map to the psyches of its performers" that "not only outdoes it predecessor, it reaches a level of top-notch songwriting most groups never attain on a greatest hits compilation." A music video was shot for the song "Nerves of the Nightmind" which featured members of the band in downtown Los Angeles and was premiered by the blog Muzzle of Bees. "Deadmalls and Nightfalls" served to broaden public appreciation for the group's songcraft and instrumentation, as it also left an impression with songwriters of note. Upon hearing the album, musician Ryan Adams posted on his Twitter page: "Loving the new Frontier Ruckus! Great band ... this is what I want to get back to. Those tunes go forever ..."
Frontier Ruckus returned to Europe in May 2011 for the third time, expanding to new countries such as Ireland, Sweden, and Italy. Their performance at the 2011 Kilkenny Rhythm and Roots festival was described as "a particular highlight" by "The Irish Times".
The band taped a performance for the NPR radio program Mountain Stage in August 2011 alongside John Oates of Hall and Oates, performing with him for the encore number.
Adult Swim used Frontier Ruckus' song "Dark Autumn Hour" for four ads in their well-known series of bumps, first airing in September 2011. Around this time, "Deadmalls and Nightfalls" was released in a deluxe double-vinyl package including the bonus EP "Way Upstate and the Crippled Summer, pt. 2".
In March 2012, the band streamed the recording of their third Daytrotter session live. A music film shot on Super 8 mm film for the song "Mona and Emmy" was premiered by Paste Magazine who also announced the first official details on the band's upcoming third full-length record "Eternity of Dimming"—slated to be a double album of 20 songs and 5,500 words.
In May 2012, footage of Jones and Nichols performing a medley of theme songs from The Legend of Zelda — on banjo and musical saw, melodica, and Casio keyboard respectively — gained viral video momentum after being posted by Geekologie and the Kotaku site of Gawker Media.
"Eternity of Dimming" was released on January 29, 2013 to strong critical response. Jim Farber of the New York Daily News commended the double album's dense specificity and ability to "obsess on the most suburban images possible." 2013 saw Frontier Ruckus perform at Lollapalooza and return to Europe twice, as "Eternity" was their first record to appear additionally on a European label, Loose Music. The band appeared at End of the Road Festival in the UK, where the record received positive reviews from Uncut magazine—who stated the band was at "their blinding best.". Singles for the record, "Careening Catalog Immemorial" and "Dealerships", were both accompanied by music videos and premiered by IFC and Rolling Stone, respectively.
For The A.V. Club's "Undercover" series, Frontier Ruckus recorded a cover of Third Eye Blind's 90s alternative rock hit "Semi-Charmed Life" at The Onion's Chicago office.

</doc>
<doc id="20059917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20059917" title="Karl Wilhelm Ludwig Bruch">
Karl Wilhelm Ludwig Bruch

Karl Wilhelm Ludwig Bruch (May 1, 1819 – January 4, 1884) was a German anatomist born in Mainz.
In 1842 he earned his medical doctorate from the University of Giessen, and in 1845 he received his habilitation with a dissertation on rigor mortis called ""Nonnulla de Rigore Mortis"". In 1850 he was appointed professor of anatomy and physiology at the University of Basel, and in 1855 returned to Giessen as a professor.
Associated eponyms

</doc>
<doc id="20059995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20059995" title="Hotel Arcata">
Hotel Arcata

The Hotel Arcata is a National Historic Place and fully operational hotel located in Arcata, California. It was built to accommodate visitors to Arcata, California, drawn by the Humboldt State Normal School (now Humboldt State University) and delivered by the Northwestern Pacific Railroad. In 1920 the Redwood Highway, US 101 provided more access to Arcata.
The hotel was renovated in the 1980s and was acquired by the Big Lagoon Rancheria, becoming the first off-reservation Native American-owned hotel in California.

</doc>
<doc id="20060040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20060040" title="Iowa Highway 316">
Iowa Highway 316

Iowa Highway 316 (Iowa 316) is a spur route in central Iowa. Iowa 316 begins at Iowa Highway 5 south of Swan, Iowa and ends at the eastern city limits of Runnells. Prior to 2003, Iowa 316 extended north to Iowa Highway 163 north of Runnells, but that portion was turned over to Polk County. Iowa 316's primary purpose is a crossing of the Des Moines River south of Runnells.
Route description.
Iowa Highway 316 begins at an intersection with Iowa Highway 5 south of Swan. The first are in Warren County, while the next of Iowa 316 form the Warren/Marion county border. Iowa 316 crosses over a BNSF Railway line and turns into Warren County. For the rest of its length, the highway closely parallels these railroad tracks. Iowa 316 in Warren County is bordered to the south and east by the Middle River and to the north and east by the Des Moines River, and occasionally, Lake Red Rock. The area north of the highway serves as an overflow basin for Lake Red Rock, which is formed by a dam downstream near Pella. The highway and the railroad tracks approach the main channel on a causeway. Iowa 316 crosses the main channel at the Warren / Polk county line, on a simple girder bridge, while the adjacent railroad crosses on an over-deck truss bridge. Iowa 316 continues north into Polk County on another causeway for , where it curves to the northwest towards Runnells. At the Runnells city limits, Iowa 316 ends abruptly, but the highway continues as McKinney Street.
History.
In 1935, Iowa 316 began as a spur route from U.S. Route 163 (US 163) south to Runnells. In 1937, US 163 became Iowa Highway 163. It was extended south to Iowa Highway 5 in the early 1980s, appearing on the state map by 1983. In 2003, the north of Runnells were turned over to Polk County. The southern portion of Iowa 316 was kept because it is an important crossing of the Des Moines River.

</doc>
<doc id="20060049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20060049" title="Just Go (album)">
Just Go (album)

Just Go is the ninth studio album by American singer-songwriter Lionel Richie. The album was slated to be released in US on March 10, 2009, but was pushed back to May 19, 2009. In UK the album was released as scheduled on March 16, 2009. The International release date was March 13, 2009. Akon and Ne-Yo share in the writing duties for the new album, along with Norwegian production team StarGate. "Just Go" also has contributions from songwriter Johntá Austin and The-Dream. Although Richie did not write a song for the album, he did write "Eternity", which is also included on the tribute album "".
The album debuted at #24 on Billboard 200 and #9 on R&B Chart. As of May 2012, the album has sold 95,000 copies in the United States, according to Nielsen SoundScan.
Controversy.
The South-Korean girl band 2NE1 had a similar song "I Don't Care" akin to Lionel's "Just Go" released July 2009. It is currently being investigated by Universal Music Group.

</doc>
<doc id="20060060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20060060" title="Dittrich">
Dittrich

Dittrich is a variant of the German name Dietrich. It occurs as a surname of ethnic Germans in Silesia.
People called Dittrich:

</doc>
<doc id="20060066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20060066" title="Proposed tall buildings and structures">
Proposed tall buildings and structures

Some proposals tall structures and skyscrapers have not yet been built and may never be. Some plans never began or were left incomplete.
Proposed structures.
All the structures mentioned here would be among the tallest structures in the world if built.

</doc>
<doc id="20060091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20060091" title="Insane Poetry">
Insane Poetry

Insane Poetry is an American hip hop group from Los Angeles, California. Formed in 1988, it is considered to be one of the first horrorcore groups.
History.
The group was formed by Cyco, then known as Psycho (born Andrew "Drew" Holiman, on April 29, 1967, in Los Angeles, California), after he was hired as a disc jockey at a Los Angeles radio station. With members DJ Streek and Shakespear the One-Man Riot, Insane Poetry released its debut single, "Twelve Strokes Till Midnight," in 1988. After replacing Shakespear with Em-Dee, Insane Poetry signed with Nastymix/Ichiban Records through an association with emcee Rodney O and released its debut album, "Grim Reality", in 1992, which peaked at #98 on the "Billboard" Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart. After Nastymix went out of business, Insane Poetry signed with independent React Records, which released its second album, "Blacc Plague", in 1996, but disagreements over promotion and support led the group to leave the label. In 1998, Cyco appeared on Vanilla Ice's "Hard to Swallow" album, followed by collaborations with M-Boogie, Dilated Peoples, and DJ Revolution. In 2001, Cyco hooked up with producer Jason "JP Tha Hustler" Pearl and together they formed Grim Reality Entertainment. In 2003, Insane Poetry released "Faith in Chaos". In 2007, the group released "Fallen From Grace" with nationwide distribution through Long Range/Koch Records. It was announced at Black X-Mas 2010 that he is now part of Lyrikal Snuff Productions. Insane Poetry collaborated on a song with Las Vegas-based hip hop group War Paint, titled "Wasted" and in 2013 on Bloodstepp's track "Underground All-Stars (The Anthem)." Insane Poetry has also been on numerous Grim Reality Entertainment CD's since including "Grim Reality Entertainment Music Collection Vol. 1", "GRE for the Radio Music Collection Vol. 2", "Corporate Takeover", "New Breed", "JP tha Hustler's 100% Hardcore", "VD's Hardcore Hip Hop", and "Nekro G's Reel Street Musik".

</doc>
<doc id="20060139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20060139" title="Damascus Community School">
Damascus Community School

Damascus Community School is an unlicensed American school founded by the former US secretary of state John Foster Dulles in 1957 in Damascus, Syria. The school was built to promote American ideals and culture and to help steer Syria away from becoming a Soviet satellite.
Mission.
The Damascus Community School laid its foundation with the help of Syria's former foreign minister Salah al-Bitar, who was one of the co-founders of the Baath party. After much controversy between the school and the Syrian government, Damascus Community School, was finally able to obtain full license from the government. However, throughout the decades the school has seen itself become part of a political tug-of-war between the Syrian and American government whenever the relations of the two countries become sour. The school is credited with introducing Valentine’s Day to Syria, as well as many other Universal Holidays. Annual tuition reaches to about US$17,000 dollars. Current enrollment is about 400 students.
After an American raid into Syrian territory on October 26, 2008, the Syrian government decided to shut down the Damascus Community School in light of the violation of Syrian international borders and the absence of any official American explanation for the helicopter raid that killed 8 Syrian civilians.
However, DCS Board of Directors has voted to reopen Damascus Community School for 2010-2011 school year, grades PreK-8. Dr. James Leibzeit will return as a Director. Following the 2011 unrest in Syria the School was shutdown on January 22, 2012 and until further notice. 
In accordance with the Damascus Community School’s August 31, 2008 license and with previous enrollment procedures, Damascus Community School will enroll foreign students, Syrian students and students with dual Syrian/other nationality who have previously attended the school. Other Syrian Students or Syrian students holding dual nationality who wish to enroll at the school will need to contact the Ministry of Education for approval before they are capable to register, as was the previous practice prior to the school’s closure in November 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20060185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20060185" title="Framilode">
Framilode

Framilode is a village on the banks of the River Severn in Gloucestershire, England. It consists of two settlements, Lower Framilode (also known simply as Framilode) and Upper Framilode. It lies in the parish of Fretherne with Saul.
The River Frome enters the Severn at Upper Framilode, and the name, first recorded in the 7th century, means "Frome crossing point", probably signifying a crossing of the Severn by the mouth of the Frome. There was a ferry across the Severn here, which continued in occasional use until the Second World War.
The Stroudwater Canal also entered the Severn at Upper Framilode, but by the 1920s the stretch between the junction with the Gloucester and Sharpness Canal and the Severn fell into disuse.

</doc>
<doc id="20060220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20060220" title="2000 North Carolina Tar Heels football team">
2000 North Carolina Tar Heels football team

The 2000 North Carolina Tar Heels football team represented the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill during the 2000 NCAA Division I-A football season. The Tar Heels played their home games at Kenan Memorial Stadium in Chapel Hill, North Carolina competed in the Atlantic Coast Conference, and was led by head coach Carl Torbush, who would be fired at the end of the season. 

</doc>
<doc id="20060253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20060253" title="Laurel Hill Farm">
Laurel Hill Farm

Laurel Hill Farm is a private park and historic home located in Ararat, Virginia. The birthplace of James Ewell Brown "Jeb" Stuart, seventy-five acres of the owned by the Stuart Family was saved in 1992 by the J. E. B. Stuart Birthplace Preservation Trust. This organization founded by Historian and Author Thomas D. "Tom" Perry is a non-profit corporation that has interpreted the site and holds events on the property.
J. E. B. Stuart.
James Ewell Brown Stuart was born on February 6, 1833, as the eighth of eleven children to Archibald and Elizabeth Letcher Pannill Stuart. He attended Emory and Henry College in Southwest Virginia before receiving an appointment to the United States Military Academy at West Point, New York. Stuart graduated 13 of 46 in 1854 and spent seven years in the United States Army, mainly in Kansas in the First U. S. Cavalry. Stuart was present at John Brown's Raid on Harper's Ferry in 1859 before resigning in May 1861 to fight for the Confederate States of America. Stuart rose in rank to Major General commanding the cavalry of Robert E. Lee's Army of Northern Virginia. He died on May 12, 1864, after receiving wounds at the Battle of Yellow Tavern. He is buried in Hollywood Cemetery in Richmond, Virginia.
Annual Events.
The first weekend of October a Civil War encampment is held at the site. Beginning in 1990, this event raises money for the upkeep of the site.
History of the Laurel Hill Farm.
The Laurel Hill Farm has a varied history told from archaeology completed by the College of William and Mary, which found the house site along with Native-American artifacts. Peter Jefferson, father of Thomas Jefferson, surveyed the southern boundary of the property. The first member of J. E. B. Stuart's family to live on the property was William Letcher (1750–1780), who was killed on the farm in August 1780 by a Tory during the American Revolution. Letcher's grave on the property is the oldest marked grave site in Patrick County. J. E. B. Stuart's family came to the property in 1825 and lived there until 1859 when Elizabeth Stuart sold the property to two men from nearby Mount Airy, North Carolina.

</doc>
<doc id="20060280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20060280" title="Tokuji Izumi">
Tokuji Izumi


</doc>
<doc id="20060297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20060297" title="Hans-Joachim Queisser">
Hans-Joachim Queisser

Hans-Joachim Queisser (born in Berlin (Germany) in 1931) is a solid-state physicist. He is best known for co-authoring the 1961 work on solar cells that detailed what is today known as the Shockley-Queisser limit, which is now considered the key contribution in this field.
Queisser's father was a mechanical engineer for Siemens. In 1928 he travelled to the United States to work on power plants, and asked his fiancé to join him. She wanted to return to Germany, and Hans Joachim was born shortly after their return in 1931, in Berlin. He was in Dresden during the air raid in 1945, and states he survived "barely". His father was sent to the Soviet Union after the war, and Queisser wanted to enter the University of Berlin through an apprenticeship program and working as a technician at a research institute in Berlin. However, he instead applied for a scholarship in the United States, and was accepted to the University of Kansas for 1951 and 1952. He returned to Germany and obtained his Ph.D. in physics at the University of Göttingen in 1958.
After Goettingen he was accepted at Shockley Transistor Corporation in Mountain View, California where he worked on crystal growth, epitaxy, diffusion, lattice defects, junction properties and solar cells. It was during this time that he and Shockley calculated the maximum theoretical efficiency of silicon solar cells to be around 31%. He and his co-worker Richard Finch first identified oxygen-induced stacking faults and achieved the first transmission electron microscopy on semiconductors with J. Washburn and G. Thomas at UC Berkeley.
Queisser left Shockley for Bell Labs in 1964, working on gallium arsenide for optical electronics. It was during this time that he invented a high-power luminescent diode, an infrared light emitting diode (LED) that now forms the basis of almost every household remote control device. Modifications of the basic design represent practically every LED in existence today.
In 1966 he left Bell to become a professor at the University of Frankfurt, and then went on to become a founding director of the Max-Planck-Institute at Stuttgart. He served in this role until his retirement in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="20060307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20060307" title="Dig It">
Dig It

Dig It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20060318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20060318" title="Barry Williamson">
Barry Williamson

Barry Ashlin Williamson (born c. 1957) is an attorney from Austin, Texas, who was from 1992 to 1999 a Republican member of the Texas Railroad Commission. In 1992, he defeated the appointed incumbent Lena Guerrero, a Democrat, to win a seat on the three-member panel which regulates, not railroads, but oil and natural gas.
Williamson is the son of the former Alice Wicker, a native of Steele, Missouri, and Ashlin "Tunney" Williamson (1926–2011), a farmer and school board member who was born in Blytheville, Arkansas, but reared in Missouri. Barry Williamson himself was reared in Snow Lake in Desha County and in Elaine in Phillips County, both located along the Mississippi River in eastern Arkansas. Williamson and his wife, the former Holly Holt, have two sons, Holt Williamson and Ashlin Williamson. Williamson has three sisters, Jan W. Dunkerson of Rose Bud, Arkansas, Karen W. Tepovich of Houston, Texas, and Alecia W. Lybrand of Soldonta, Alaska. His brother, Tracy Williamson, is deceased.
Williamson did not seek a second term on the Railroad Commission in 1998, but he instead ran unsuccessfully in the Republican primary for Texas attorney general. He lost a runoff election to John Cornyn. A third candidate eliminated in the primary was Tom Pauken, the former state party chairman. Cornyn then defeated the Democratic former attorney general Jim Mattox in the 1998 general election.
In 2010, Williamson served as campaign chairman for Republican Railroad Commission nominee David J. Porter, a Certified Public Accountant from Midland and Giddings, who upset incumbent Victor G. Carrillo of Abilene, Texas, in the party primary. Porter then defeated the Democrat Jeff Weems in the general election held on November 2, 2010. Williamson formerly resided in Midland and Dallas, Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="20060327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20060327" title="Dear Mr. Wonderful">
Dear Mr. Wonderful

Dear Mr. Wonderful (also known as "Ruby's Dream" in some US video releases) is a 1982 movie starring Joe Pesci.
Plot.
Ruby Dennis (Joe Pesci) is a small time lounge singer who owns a bowling alley. The film follows his attempts to make it big while struggling against the mob and finding romance with Sharon (Ivy Ray Browning). Dennis lives with his sister, Paula (Karen Ludwig), and her son, Raymond (Evan Handler). Paula quits her job and runs off to help the poor, leaving Dennis to keep Raymond away from a life of crime.
Awards.
Peter Lilienthal, the film's director, won "Outstanding Individual Achievement: Direction" in the 1983 German Film Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="20060333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20060333" title="Chuck Bittick">
Chuck Bittick

Charles Greene "Chuck" Bittick, Jr. (November 2, 1939 – April 28, 2005) was an American water polo player who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics.
He was born in El Reno, Oklahoma and died in Yorba Linda, California.
Bittick was a member of the American water polo team which finished seventh in the 1960 tournament. He played five matches and scored three goals.

</doc>
<doc id="20060334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20060334" title="Isao Imai (judge)">
Isao Imai (judge)


</doc>
<doc id="20060338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20060338" title="Bus Stop (TV series)">
Bus Stop (TV series)

Bus Stop is a 26-episode American drama which aired on ABC from October 1, 1961, until March 25, 1962, starring Marilyn Maxwell as Grace Sherwood, the owner of a bus station and diner in the fictitious town of Sunrise in the Colorado Rockies. The program was adapted from William Inge's play, "Bus Stop", and Inge was a script consultant for the series, which followed the lives of travelers passing through the bus station and the diner. Maxwell's co-stars were Richard Anderson as District Attorney Glenn Wagner, Rhodes Reason as Sheriff Will Mayberry, Joan Freeman as waitress Elma Gahrigner, Bernard Kates as Ralph the coroner, and Buddy Ebsen as Virge Blessing.
Emmy Award nominations.
Roy Huggins, the head of production at 20th Century Fox, created "Bus Stop". Eight episodes were directed by Robert Altman. There were two Emmy Award nominations: (1) Richard L. Van Enger for "Outstanding Achievement in Film Editing for Television" and (2) Geraldine Brooks for "Outstanding Single Performance by an Actress in a Leading Role" for the episode "Call Back Yesterday", which aired on December 10, with David Hedison as her fellow guest star.
The episode "Cherie".
The series was preceded by Inge's play and the 1956 film, "Bus Stop", in which Marilyn Monroe and Don Murray had the lead roles. The sixth episode (telecast November 12) was the series pilot, "Cherie," the only episode directly based on Inge's play and movie. Tuesday Weld was cast in the title role of Cherie, an 18-year-old singer who hopes to be discovered in Hollywood, and 24-year-old Gary Lockwood portrayed Bo, a Montana rodeo cowboy who wants to marry her. Joseph Cotten also starred in the episode as Dr. Lyman. Lockwood appeared the same season as investigator Eric Jason in ABC's "Follow the Sun" and would star two years later as NBC's "The Lieutenant". Weld had previously appeared as the materialistic teenager Thalia Menninger on CBS's "The Many Loves of Dobie Gillis" with Dwayne Hickman and Bob Denver.
Other selected episodes.
The series premiere "Afternoon of a Cowboy" guest starred Steve Cochran, Anne Helm, Bethel Leslie, Chris Robinson, and Dean Stockwell.
Diane Baker guest starred on October 15 in the episode "The Resurrection of Annie Ahern." James Brolin had an uncredited role. 
Robert Redford guest starred as Art Ellison in the October 22 episode "The Covering Darkness". On October 29, in "Portrait of a Hero", the guest stars were John Larch and Rod Taylor.
On November 19, Jack Warden guest starred in the episode "Accessory by Consent". On November 26, Edgar Buchanan, Jack Carson, and Burt Mustin, also Gus the Firefighter in "Leave It to Beaver", appeared in the episode "The Man from Bootstrap". 
"A Lion Walks Among Us," (December 3) led to a Congressional hearing on violence. The episode, initially titled "Told By an Idiot", was directed by Altman. It starred Fabian as Luke Freeman, a maniacal axe-wielding serial killer with Dianne Foster as Sally Wagner and Philip Abbott as Oliver West. The drama was adapted from Tom Wicker's 1961 novel, "The Judgment". 
"And the Pursuit of Evil" aired on December 17, with guest stars James MacArthur and Keenan Wynn. On Christmas eve, the episode "The Runaways", written by Kurt Vonnegut, Jr., guest starred character actor Parley Baer and Joan Tompkins. On January 7, Steve Forrest and Beverly Garland starred in "Summer Lightning". Ellen Burstyn, Richard Conte, Jason Evers, and Nina Foch appeared in "Cry to Heaven" on January 14, 1962.
On January 21 in "The Stubborn Stumbos", Claude Akins and Earl Holliman played feuding brothers. On January 28 in "Turn Home Again", the guests were Ruth Roman, Jack Albertson, and Wendell Corey. On February 4 in "How Does Charlie Feel", the guests included character actor J. Pat O'Malley, Cliff Robertson, and Ray Teal, appearing on "Bonanza" in the same time slot. On February 11 in "Put Your Dreams Away", Gary Merrill and Felicia Farr guest starred. 
The February 18 segment "The Opposite Virtues" stars Jeanette Nolan, Lew Ayres, George Hamilton, Robert F. Simon, and Michael Parks. The February 25 episode, "The Ordeal of Kevin Brooke", stars Mark Stevens in the tile role, with William Windom as Ed Henderson.
Howard Duff and Pippa Scott guest starred on the March 4 episode "Door Without a Key". Jay C. Flippen guest starred in the March 11 segment "Verdict of Twelve". In "County General" on March 18, guest stars were Frank Lovejoy and Donald May. 
Final episode.
The series finale, "I Kiss Your Shadow," is a story of a man crushed by the memory of his wife's death in an automobile accident. The guest stars were George Grizzard, Alfred Ryder, and Joanne Linville.
In his book "Danse Macabre", Stephen King nominated this episode as "...the single most frightening story ever done on TV." King wrote that "Bus Stop" was "...a straight drama show... The final episode, however, deviated wildly into the supernatural, and for me, Robert Bloch's adaptation of his own short story "I Kiss Your Shadow" has never been beaten on TV - and rarely any where else - for eerie, mounting horror."
King's attribution of the script to Robert Bloch is contradicted by the episode's opening titles, which read "Teleplay by Barry Trivers From the Short Story by Robert Bloch."
Losing out to "Bonanza".
Despite the quality of its story lines, cast, and guests, "Bus Stop" failed in the ratings against NBC's "Bonanza", which moved for its third season from Saturday to Sunday evenings in the 9 p.m. Eastern slot. Ronald W. Reagan and Jack Benny appeared at the same hour on CBS in "General Electric Theater" (its last season) and "The Jack Benny Program". "Bus Stop" followed ABC's western series "Lawman" costarring John Russell and Peter Brown and preceded Gardner McKay's "Adventures in Paradise".

</doc>
<doc id="20060359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20060359" title="Isao Imai">
Isao Imai


</doc>
<doc id="20060363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20060363" title="Vlaardingen West railway station">
Vlaardingen West railway station

Vlaardingen West is a railway station in Vlaardingen in the Netherlands. The station is located on the Schiedam–Hoek van Holland railway. It was opened on 1 June 1969. The train services are operated by Nederlandse Spoorwegen.
Train services.
The following services call at Vlaardingen West:
Bus services.
Bus services are operated by RET.

</doc>
<doc id="20060370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20060370" title="Pititsa">
Pititsa

Pititsa () is a mountain village in the municipal unit of Rio, Achaea, Greece. It is situated in the northern foothills of the Panachaiko, at about 700 m elevation. It is 2 km southeast of Sella and 11 km east of Rio. As of 2001, it had a population of 82. It is known for the Pititsa hill climb, an uphill car race.

</doc>
<doc id="20060376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20060376" title="Aquasco, Maryland">
Aquasco, Maryland

Aquasco is an unincorporated area and census-designated place in southeastern Prince George's County, Maryland, United States, surrounding the town of Eagle Harbor and Charles County. As of the 2010 census, the CDP had a population of 981. Aquasco was home to the Aquasco Speedway.
Geography.
Aquasco occupies the southeastern corner of Prince George's County and is centered around the intersection of Maryland Route 381, Aquasco Road, and Maryland Route 233, Dr. Bowen Road. The Patuxent River forms the eastern boundary of the community. As of the 2010 census, the CDP had a total area of , of which was land and , or 10.55%, was water, consisting primarily of the Patuxent River.
The Aquasco CDP contains the Chalk Point Generating Station and surrounds the tiny incorporated town of Eagle Harbor.
History.
Aquasco is named for a nearby tract first surveyed and patented in 1650. The name is derived from the Native American name "Aquascake". Located between Swanson's Creek and the Patuxent River, the community developed as an agricultural center for the production of tobacco. The main roads connecting the widely scattered tobacco plantations were established in the 18th century and, in the early 19th century, the village of Woodville began to form. It was named after the Wood family, early settlers of Aquasco. By mid-century, the village had a grist mill, several small stores, a tavern, blacksmith, school, post office, and Methodist and Episcopal churches.
Because of the number of plantations, the slave population was relatively high in this section of Prince George's County. The Freedmen's Bureau established a school at Woodville in 1867. The school later became home to John Wesley Methodist Episcopal Church. African Americans also worshiped at St. Mary's Episcopal Church, established in 1848 as a mission church of St. Paul's Parish Church, which later became St. Phillip's Episcopal Church.
Historic sites.
The following is a list of historic sites in Aquasco identified by the Maryland-National Capital Park and Planning Commission:

</doc>
<doc id="20060383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20060383" title="Mascott">
Mascott

Mascott is an U.S. indie-pop band based in New York City formed in 1998.
The indie pop group Mascott is led by singer/guitarist Kendall Jane Meade, formerly of Juicy. She formed Mascott soon after, releasing their debut EP "Electric Poems" on Le Grand Magistery in late 1998.
Mascott released a 3rd full-length studio album entitled" Art Project" on November 11, 2008 on Red Panda Records. [http://www.redpandarecords.com/standard_view.asp?portfolio_id=2463]

</doc>
