<doc id="19952784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19952784" title="Hannu Koponen">
Hannu Koponen

Hannu Koponen (born 8 November 1959 in Kaavi) is a Finnish ski-orienteering competitor and world champion. He received a gold medal in the "short course", a gold medal in the "relay", and a silver medal in the "long course" at the 1988 World Ski Orienteering Championships in Kuopio.

</doc>
<doc id="19952797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19952797" title="Ex-Factor">
Ex-Factor

"Ex-Factor" is the second single from American recording artist Lauryn Hill from her debut solo album, "The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill" (1998). The song incorporates elements of R&B, neo soul and hip hop soul. Released by Ruffhouse and Columbia Records, the song features a sample of "Can It Be All So Simple", a song by the band Wu-Tang Clan.
The song also raised some controversy surrounding claims that it was about former bandmate Wyclef Jean of The Fugees.
Background.
"Ex-Factor" was written and produced by Lauryn Hill and it features replayed elements of "Can It Be All So Simple" performed by Wu-Tang Clan.
Cover versions.
Holly Miranda covered the song on her EP "Choose to See", which was included with the purchase of her 2010 album "The Magician's Private Library".
In 2009, British R&B/soul singer Nate James covered the song on his album "Revivals"
In 2012, American R&B/soul singer Beyoncé Knowles covered the song on "" at Revel Atlantic City.
Teyana Taylor sampled some parts in her 2011 song, "Her Room" (Marvin's Room Remix).
Chart performance.
Although not as successful as her previous single "Doo Wop (That Thing)", the song still garnered widespread success, and acclaim. This song spent 22 weeks on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and peaked at 21 on the week of April 10, 1999. It also charted on the R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart, spending 31 weeks and peaking number 7 on March 13, 1999. It reached number 4 on the UK Singles Chart.
Personnel.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="19952823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19952823" title="Deutscher Kriegerbund">
Deutscher Kriegerbund

Deutscher Kriegerbund (German Warrior League) was a War Veterans' and reservists' Association in Germany. It was established in April 1873 in Weißenfels.
Its origins lie in a Warrior Association established in 1786 by fusiliers of Frederick II of Prussia's army in Wangerin/Pomerania. The original purpose of the War Veterans' Associations was to provide their members and former soldiers with proper burial arrangements. Former soldiers felt the need of commemorative tombs that would preserve the dignity of their former comrades-in-arms and honor them even after their death. This type of association received a considerable boost after Prussia's victorious battles against the Danish (1864), Austrian (1866), and French armies in 1871. 
A number of these veterans' associations established the "Deutscher Kriegerbund" by joining efforts for a common cause in 1873. In April 1897 the Deutscher Kriegerbund became the "Prussian Country's Warrior League" (Preußischer Landeskriegerverband). Its former name "Deutscher Kriegerbund" was kept, however, for certain economic and social dealings. In this form it was a forerunner of later German military social welfare provisions, like the NSKOV.
Since it was initially dominated by groups of soldiers of the former Prussian army, local veterans' associations of Bavaria, Saxony, Württemberg, Hessen and Baden preferred to remain out of its circle. 
The Deutscher Kriegerbund began the efforts to build a memorial that would honor and represent the German warriors in 1888. This monument, located on top of the 473 m high Kyffhäuser mountain was finally inaugurated on the 16th June 1896. 
The building of the memorial pleased and inspired the other German war veterans' associations, who had been reluctant to join the Deutscher Kriegerbund. As a result of this change of attitude, the steps to form a wider organization were taken in 1900 and the Kyffhäuserbund was formed. This inclusive organization integrated the formerly scattered German war veterans' associations, which had been one of the main aims of the Deutscher Kriegerbund.

</doc>
<doc id="19952834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19952834" title="RMS Carinthia (1956)">
RMS Carinthia (1956)

RMS "Carinthia" was an ocean liner built in 1956 as one of the four "Saxonia" class ships. She sailed for Cunard Line from her completion until 1968 when she was sold to for Sitmar Line, rebuilt into a full-time cruise ship and renamed SS "Fairsea". She sailed with Sitmar until 1988, when Sitmar was sold to P&O. She was renamed SS "Fair Princess" and sailed for Princess Cruises and P&O Cruises until 2000. She was then sold to China Sea Cruises and renamed SS "China Sea Discovery". In 2005 or 2006 she was scrapped in Alang, India.
Concept and construction.
Near the end of 1951 Cunard Line designed new ships for the Liverpool-Montreal route. Cunard originally decided to build just two ships but later on two more were ordered. These ships were largest ships to be operated to Canada at the time. The ships were built in Clydebank and they were designed for luxury and speed including carrying passengers and cargo up the St Lawrence River.
Service history.
RMS "Carinthia" started on her maiden voyage on 27 June 1956 with 890 passengers and crew on board. She arrived in Montreal for the first time on 27 June 1956. After that she made four more voyages she was so successful with that other ships that operate on that route were all scrapped leaving the four ships the only ships that go to Montreal. During 1960 the "Carinthia" suffered a fire in one of her cabins. In 1961 the ship workers went on strike and the ship did not operate for two weeks. Also during 1961 she collided with the . In 1962 her propellers failed during a voyage. During 1964 another strike happened. "Carinthia" was still operated from Liverpool to Montreal well into 1965.
Cunard Line decided start operating the "Carinthia" as a cruise ship during the winter months. She was used on 10 day cruises from New York to Bermuda. During 1968 she was sold to Sitmar Line and renamed SS "Fairsea" and used for cruises on the United States West Coast. Following the sale of Sitmar Line to P&O in 1988 she was transferred to Princess Cruises used her for cruising on the Pacific Ocean as the "Fair Princess".
In 1996 she was transferred to the fleet of P&O Cruises for cruising out of Sydney, Australia, retaining the name "Fair Princess".
In 2000 she was sold to China Sea Cruises and renamed "China Sea Discovery". She operated as a casino cruise ship but was unsuccessful. During 2001 she operated in Taiwan. Finally after many unsuccessful voyages she was decided to be scrapped in Alang, India. While under scrapping, a fire broke out in the engine room, burning five workers alive, and injuring another fifteen people. In the end, the ship was scrapped in either 2005 or 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19952838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19952838" title="FFV NTC">
FFV NTC

The Football Federation Victoria National Training Centre is run by Football Federation Australia and Football Federation Victoria, in Melbourne, for Victorian youth players. Up to 2010 this program was run by the Victorian Institute of Sport.
Program.
The men's program aims to prepare players for selection in the Australia U17 squad and Australian Institute of Sport program. Between 20 to 25 scholarships are awarded each year to athletes who are 13–17 years old that show the potential to represent Australia at U-17 level.

</doc>
<doc id="19952844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19952844" title="Gulf Stream Council">
Gulf Stream Council

Gulf Stream Council is a council of the Boy Scouts of America in southeast Florida with the headquarters in Palm Beach Gardens. Gulf Stream Council serves Scouts in Palm Beach, Martin, St. Lucie, Indian River, and Okeechobee counties, Glades and Hendry counties. Throughout its area, it serves over 24,000 youth.
Organization.
A district is a small area within a council of the Boy Scouts of America. The Gulf Stream Council currently has six Districts. All of the districts in the Gulf Stream Council have an associated Order of the Arrow chapter as part of Aal-pa-tah Lodge.
Big Lake District.
Big Lake District, formerly known as Okeechobee District, serves scouts in Glades, Hendry, and Okeechobee, as well as western Palm Beach County. The Order of the Arrow chapter associated with Big Lake District is known as Panasofee.
Everglades District.
Everglades District serves scouts from southern Palm Beach County from Southern Blvd south to the Broward County Line. The Order of the Arrow chapter associated with Osceola District is Abaniki.
The District Chairman is ?
The District Commissioner is Evan Reif.
The District Executive is Brett Dean.
Indian River District.
Indian River District serves scouts throughout Indian River County. The Order of the Arrow chapter of Indian River District is called
Lowaneumawat.
Lighthouse District.
Lighthouse District is a district that serves scouts in north Palm Beach County from Southern Blvd to the Martin County border.Order of the Arrow chapter associated with Lighthouse District is Osceola.[3
The District Chairman is Ryon McCabe.
The District Commissioner is Richard Gallant.
The District Executive is Jim Bowman.
Sailfish District.
Sailfish District serves scouts throughout Martin County. The Order of the Arrow chapter associated with Sailfish District is Nekiwa.
Sailfish District maintains a website where local scout units and scouters can be found, as well as information regarding district events. This website is sailfishdistrict.org
The District Chairman is currently Bill Carlson, M.D.
The District Commissioner is currently David Lloyd Merrill, Esq.
The District Executive is former Stuart Mayor, Dennis Armstrong
Treasure Coast District.
Treasure Coast District serves scouts throughout St. Lucie County. The Order of the Arrow chapter associated with Treasure Coast District is Oiyatah.
Camps.
The Gulf Stream Council has three camps, ranging in size from to just a few acres. There is also Scout Hill, which is a small area in Palm Beach County, however, it is not completely owned by the Gulf Stream Council.
Tanah Keeta Scout Reservation.
Tanah Keeta Scout Reservation or usually Tanah Keeta, is the main campground of the Gulf Stream Council. Tanah Keeta is a word in Hitchiti, which translates in English to, "the gathering place". The size of the camp is about . In addition, Tanah Keeta is adjacent a Girl Scout camp, called Camp Welaka, and Jonathan Dickinson State Park. Tanah Keeta Scout Reservation is divided roughly in half into two camps, Camp Loxahatchee and Camp Clear Lake. A summer camp program has been held at Tanah Keeta in June and July since the summer of 1957. The property was known as Camp Murphy until it was sold to the Gulf Stream Council in 1952.
Tanah Keeta Grace.
May this food nourish our bodies, May life give us a smile, May the adventure always be with us, and may Tanah Keeta remain in our hearts all the while. Amen
Camp Loxahatchee.
Camp Loxahatchee is on the western half of Tanah Keeta. It more utilized than Camp Clear Lake, as it includes the Dining Hall, the Pool, COPE, the Climbing Tower, the Trading Post, and more campsites than Camp Clear Lake. The name is derived from the Loxahatchee River, which is adjacent to Camp Loxahatchee.
Camp Clear Lake.
Clear Lake covers the eastern half of one square miles property of Tanah Keeta Scout Reservation. Camp Clear Lake is a mostly primitive type campground, as opposed to Camp Loxahatchee. The title of Camp "Clear Lake" is derived from a small lake in the southeastern corner of Tanah Keeta, which has the name "Clear Lake". In 1957 the first summer camp at Tanah Keeta was held in Camp Clear Lake.
The Mike Machek Trail.
The Mike Machek Trail is a 5.2 mile self-guided trail in the heart of Tanah Keeta. Within the one mile area of camp can be found almost every kind of topographical feature indicitive to South Florida. This trail travels through them all. Originally developed by its founder Clayton Jones in 1984, he spent 3 and a half years planning the trail. The trail opened for use in the Fall of 1988. Currently the trail is maintained by various units and most construction projects are conducted by the Order of the Arrow Trail Care Crew. The trail is a real gem of camp and must be experienced if you are ever there.
Oklawaha Scout Reservation.
Oklawaha Scout Reservation is also known as Oklawaha, but rarely referred to as OK, is a site in Sebastian, Indian River County, on the banks of the Oklawaha River. Donated by Anna Vern Smith in memory of her husband Claude in 1953, Oklawaha is a scrub oak flatland which includes a swimming area, canoe launch into the river, amphitheater, large meeting/dining hall pavilion, archery/BB range and chapel.
Camp Dark Hammock.
Camp Dark Hammock is leased by the Gulf Stream Council to provide a Florida wilderness camping for Troops, Crews, or Explorer Posts only. It is located northeast of Okeechobee in Okeechobee County.
Scout Hill.
Scout Hill is a small area of the John Prince Memorial Park Campground in Lake Worth, Florida. It was known as Camp Osborne until about 1952. In 1952 most of Camp Osborne was sold to Palm Beach County to create the campground of John Prince Memorial Park. The small area that remained was renamed "Scout Hill".
Aal-pa-tah Lodge.
Aal-Pa-Tah Lodge #237 is the Order of the Arrow lodge associated with the Gulf Stream Council. The lodge building is located in Tanah Keeta Scout Reservation in Tequesta, Florida. Aal-pa-tah is one of eight OA lodges in Section S-4, which covers a majority of Florida and southern Georgia. Aal-pa-tah is the "best all around lodge" The word "Aal-pa-tah" is word from the Seminole language that translates to Alligator in English.
History.
The lodge was founded 1942 during World War II; then from 1945 to 1947, on the list of lodge chiefs says "WWII". There were only two or three chapters when Aal-pa-tah was founded in 1942. Aal-pa-tah Lodge held the title as the best all around lodge in 2008 and 2009.
Section S-4 Events.
Aal-pa-tah has hosted a number of Section S-4 Events. Aal-pa-tah Lodge has hosted Section Conference for Section S-4 in 1953, 1962, 1972, 1981, 1988, 1997, 2004, and again in 2011. The lodge also hosted Section Seminars in 2000 and 2008 and is scheduled to host again in 2014.
Chapters.
As mentioned above each district has an OA Chapter. Lodges usually divide into chapters which will usually corresponding to districts within the council. The chapter is led by the elected youth chapter chief, a volunteer adult is appointed as the adviser and the district executive is the professional (staff) adviser. The following names are the names of Aal-pa-tah's Chapters:
Wyhome-pa-tah is the chapter of Lighthouse District.
Panasofee is the chapter of Okeechobee District.
Abaniki is the chapter of Everglades District.
Nekiwa is the chapter of Sailfish District.
Oiyatah is the chapter of Treasure Coast District
Lowaneu Mawat is the chapter of Indian River District
Defunct Chapters.
Coo-wa-chobee was the OA Chapter of Manatee District until 2009. In 2009 it merged with Abaniki and Cheepatah Chapters, because the Manatee District split and merged with the Osceola and Trade Winds Districts. Coowachobee was awarded the best chapter all around award for 2008. Chee-pa-tah was the chapter of Tradewinds District until 2013 when the District split and merged with Osceola and Lighthouse.

</doc>
<doc id="19952855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19952855" title="Egyptian Public Works">
Egyptian Public Works

The Egyptian Department of Public Works was established in the early Nineteenth Century, and concentrates mainly on public works relating to irrigation and hydraulic engineering. These irrigation projects have constituted the bulk of work performed by this entity in Egypt. During its almost 200-year history, the Egyptian Department of Public Works employed many notable engineers and constructed massive public works projects throughout the country. It became the most respected engineering entity and was regarded as the ‘best school’ for civil engineers in modern Egypt. Its history can be broken into three periods:
The Classic Period (1818–1882).
This period was characterized by the strong influence of French engineers and/or French educated Egyptian engineers. Numerous public works projects were constructed in both Upper and Lower Egypt during this period, but the most notable of these were the construction of the three major irrigation canals (Mahmoudiyah, Ismailia, and Ibrahimiya) and the Delta Barrages.
Early Beginnings under Muhammad Ali.
After his rise to power in 1805, Muhammad Ali Pasha embarked on consolidating his power and building an empire. His way of achieving that was to modernize Egypt and to build a European style strong army and a modern system of government. His desire for modernization fueled many new establishments such as the first modern military school, educational institutions, hospitals, roads and canals, factories to turn out uniforms and munitions, and a shipbuilding foundry at Alexandria. He established the school of Engineering ("Mohandes Khana") in 1820 to provide the engineers and scientists he would need to carry out all the great projects he had planned. Impressed by the scientific and cultural aspects of the French Expedition (1798–1801), Muhammad Ali relied on French scientists and craftsmen to help him modernize Egypt. French engineer Pascal Coste was the first engineer hired by Muhammad Ali in 1817 to help him construct his ambitious projects. Coste worked on some small projects first, then came his biggest when he was appointed by Muhammad Ali as the Chief Engineer for Lower Egypt. This was the highest engineering post in Egypt at the time since most of Muhammad Ali's work to improve irrigation was concentrated in this region of the Nile Delta. Under his new position, Coste started working on constructing the Mahmoudiyah canal, the first of a long list of great irrigation projects that were to be constructed in that era. 
The Mahmoudiyah Canal.
Around 1818, Muhammad Ali conceived the idea of digging a canal that would allow the barges bringing cargoes from Upper, Middle and Lower Egypt to reach Alexandria without passing Rosetta and the mouth of the river, a point where many ships sank due to the turbulence of the waters. He chose a Turkish engineer, Shakir Effendi, to be in charge of the design and execution of the work. The canal would begin in the village of Atfa, below Fuwwa; would be a little over long. Shakir Effendi seems to have bungled his assignment, and was replaced by the French engineer Pascal Coste (1787–1879) who completed the canal in a record time of few months in 1820. This canal, which linked the Nile with the city’s western harbor, gave Alexandria access to the Egyptian heartland and put Egypt face to face with the sea. It also provided Alexandria with Nile’s fresh water for the first time in history.
It should be mentioned here however that the entire canal was constructed using the hated corvée system, which Muhammad Ali and his successors used extensively and which was finally abolished under Khedive Ismail during the digging of the Suez Canal.Corvée of more than 300,000 men were drafted from every part of Egypt to dig the Mahmoudiya canal, which was of very little importance to cultivation, and which was especially designed for the benefit of the city of Alexandria.
The Delta Barrages.
With the great expansion of commercial cotton and sugarcane cultivation, river banks were initially raised and strengthened to protect summer crops from flood water. In the Nile Delta old canals were deepened and small weirs built across them to raise the water level. But this was an enormous undertaking, and since the canals were badly laid out and graded they became full of mud during flood season and required to be continually re-excavated. Muhammad Ali Pasha was then advised to raise the water surface by erecting a dam (or, as the French called it, a barrage) across the apex of the Nile Delta, twelve miles (19 km) north of Cairo.
In 1843 the foundations were laid for the two great barrages across the Rosetta and Damietta branches of the Nile at the point where they divide north of Cairo. The project engineer was the French engineer Mougel Bey, whose objective was to regulate the entire hydraulic system of the Nile Delta. While initially unsuccessful, the two barrages would ultimately permit conversion of over of the Nile Delta from seasonal basin irrigation to perennial irrigation; the increased availability of water lengthened the dry summer growing season, and dramatically increased agricultural output. But this massive work proved to be very costly and impinged upon engineering's state of the art. Construction took nearly 20 years and consumed untold wealth. The Rosetta section was 465 meters in length with 61 arches of 4.8 meters in length each. The Damietta section was 545 meters long and had a similar number of arches and navigation locks. 
By the time the barrages were finally completed in 1862, during the early reign of Viceroy Ismail Pasha (not yet khedive of Egypt), 3 million Egyptian pounds had been spent already. When it was time to operate the dam, the foundations had been so poorly laid that the whole purpose for which it had been built in the first place was abandoned. Poorly constructed, the barrages would have to be rebuilt during the British occupation. A more technical and specific description, some years later says: "When the work was subjected to a small head in 1863 and 1867, unmistakable signs of failure appeared in the form of cracks and displacements, and the barrage was forthwith put upon the sick list. The failure was due to "piping." Runs below the floor were developed under the influence of the head of water, and the sand of the foundation bed was carried away by the flowing water till the floor lost its support and settled down. The defects arose, not so much from faulty design, as from careless construction of the foundations. Worried by the impatience and impetuosity of the Viceroy, Mougel Bey's workmen laid the foundation concrete in running water, which carried away the mortar and left loose stone, without any binding material, through which the springs of the river bed had free passage. The design, if faithfully executed, was not much at fault. The floor was amply strong to resist the upward pressure due to the head, but its breadth was perhaps deficient; and the protection given both on the upper and lower sides of the flooring was inadequate. From 1867 to 1883 the barrage attracted attention by reason only of its imposing superstructure, but it failed to produce any impression by its performances, for it was weakest where strength was most needed."
Following the British occupation, engineers decided if any good could be done, they must either repair the old barrage, or build a new one; it was absolutely necessary to get control of the Nile water and thus improve irrigation and exports. They resolved to see what the cracked dam was worth, quite literally. In 1884, with initial safety testing, immediate repairs, and controlled filling, the existing structure held a pool about seven feet above the natural level. The cost to this work, totaled £26,000; the increased water provided to canals produced 30,000 tons more cotton than the previous year, which was worth over £1 million. This was so encouraging that, the following year, Lord Cromer, despite the state of finances, provided £1 million to improve Egypt's irrigation works. Between 1885 and 1890, Sir Colon Scott-Moncrieff successfully completed repairs of the barrages at a cost of $2.5 million; it provided a maintainable and desired depth of eight feet of water on downstream parts of the Nile.
Establishment of the Department.
Up until construction of the Nile Barrages, no formal single entity was responsible for the execution of all public works that were being constructed in many parts of the Nile valley and the Nile Delta. Muhammad Ali had invented a new position in 1818:Chief Engineer for Lower Egypt (Pascal Coste was the first ever to be chosen for this position). A similar title for Upper Egypt was created in 1831 after Muhammad Ali started to consider building irrigation improvements in Upper Egypt. Linant de Bellefonds (another French engineer) was appointed the first chief engineer for Upper Egypt. Pascal Coste quit his position and returned to France in 1829 and was replaced by his fellow countryman Mugel Bey. As the volume of public works increased, Muhammad Ali Pasha decided to establish one entity to handle all the projects. In 1836 the Department of Public Works was established and was presided over by Linant de Bellefonds (later known as Linant Pasha). His position would associate him in a long and fruitful career with most of the great works of modernizing Egypt's irrigation system. But this also meant trouble for Mougel Bey as he and Linant had always been opposed to each other. Each had his own design for the Nile Barrages, and Mougel's had been preferred. Linant left sufficiently on record his jealousy of his rival, and seems to have come easily to the conclusion that his rival's Barrage was a costly failure, of no more use than those useless old Pyramids a few miles off.
Under Abbas Hilmi I.
Muhammad Ali Pasha died in 1848 without seeing the Delta dams completed. He was succeeded by his grandson Abbas Hilmi I, (1848–1854) whose known contempt towards his grandfather caused him to halt or entirely abandon most of Muhammad Ali Pasha’s massive projects, including the Delta Barrages. Abbas Pasha had no faith in the project and wished to abandon the construction of the dams. He dismissed Mougel Bey in April, 1853, and placed Mazhar Bey in charge of the work. Sensing his master’s lack of enthusiasm for the project, Mazhar Bey, a Turkish engineer, did not do much to finish the work which would only be completed later during the time of Egypt’s next Wali from Muhammad Ali Dynasty, Sa'id Pasha.
Under Sa'id Pasha.
Under Sa'id Pasha’s rule (1854–1863) there were several reforms as he tried to portray himself as the new great reformer. Some modernization of Egyptian and Sudanese infrastructure occurred using western loans. During this period, the "Nizarah" (or Ministry) of Public Works was established in 1857. It actually comprised many departments like the departments of Railroads, Telegraphs, Surveying, Building Construction, Agriculture, Alexandria Harbor, Antiquity, the Opera House, the Zoological Garden, the Aquarium Garden, Sewage, and Irrigation. Linant continued in charge of public works, as director general beginning with 1862, and as Minister of Public Works in 1869. He retired from this post in the same year (1869) and in 1873 was given the title Pasha by Khedieve Ismail Pasha.
The Suez Canal.
In 1854 the first act of concession of land for the Suez Canal was granted, to a French businessman Ferdinand de Lesseps. Actual construction of the maritime canal lasted for 11 years (1858–1869). From its early start, design and construction work of this international waterway were kept out of the Department of Public Works and was totally handled by the Suez Canal Company, which would become a state within the state and would later have its strong impact on the Anglo-Egyptian relations. 
The Ismailia Canal.
The first major project the department under Linant (now under his new title as director general) constructed was the Ismailia canal. It was constructed between 1861 and 1863, in virtue of agreements between the Egyptian Government and the Suez Canal Company, for the purpose of creating a navigable waterway between the Nile and the planned Suez maritime canal; to furnish water for irrigating some lands conceded to the company, and finally to provide for the needs of the maritime canal and the towns and stations established along its course a daily supply of 70,000 cubic meters of fresh water. It was designed by Linant who also managed its construction.
The Ismailia canal has its inlet at Cairo upstream of the Delta Barrages. It actually used to have two inlets, one called the Kasr-el-Nil, in the heart of Cairo. This was the oldest, but it was abandoned later after the area got very urbanized. The other inlet, called Shobra, is situated 7 kilometers below in the now bustling Shobra district in northern Cairo. After leaving its inlet, the canal follows the edge of the desert until it reaches the little valley of the Ouadi, which it crosses and follows the north side, trending direct to the east as far as the town of Ismailia, where it discharges into Lake Timsah. A branch, which begins a little before Ismailia, stretches toward the south across the desert, following a line parallel to the maritime Suez canal and empties into the channel of the port of Suez.
The line of the Ismailia canal conforms at many points to the direction followed by the ancient canal, which, according to historians, put the Nile in communication with Lake Timsah, or with the Red Sea itself, and of which traces have been found on the surface. The length of the canal between the Nile and Lake Timseh is 136 kilometers, and the length of the Suez branch is 89 kilometers.
Under Ismail Pasha.
During the reign of Ismail Pasha (1863–1879), many great public works projects were constructed. Over of new canals (the longest of which was the Ibraheimiyah Canal) were dug; the cultivated area increased from 3,050,000 feddans in 1813 to 4,743,000 in 1877. Ismail's khedivate is also closely connected to the construction of the Suez Canal. He agreed to, and oversaw, the Egyptian portion of its construction. Although Ismail was the greatest modernizer of Egypt since Muhammad Ali Pasha, his wars of expansion into Africa and the many infrastructure projects he carried, including the costly Suez Canal, put the country heavily in debt. In 1879 he was forced out of power by Great Britain and France who replaced him with his much less capable son Tawfiq.
The Ibrahimiya Canal.
The Ibrahimiya Canal was the most important public work executed under the newly established Ministry of Public Works. It was built during the reign of Ismail Pasha when he was Khedive of Egypt. It was built in 1873 by Bahgat Pasha, minister of public works, who designed it primarily to provide perennial irrigation to the Khedivial sugar estates in Middle Egypt. It supplied perennial irrigation to and flood irrigation to another . The discharge of the canal varied between 30 and 80 cubic meters per second in summer and between 500 and 900 cubic metres per second in flood. Having its head on the left bank of the Nile, opposite Assiut, it runs northwards for 60 kilometers and then divides in Dirout into two main branches; one branch is the "Bahr Yousef" Canal, while the other is the Ibrahimiya Canal proper.
Troubled years.
Between 1849 and 1879, was the time of the great expansion and development of a centralized Egyptian bureaucracy, and important structural changes occurred in the Egyptian system of government. A trend of discontinuity of entities within the Egyptian government became apparent during these years. Departments of the government (Public Works included) were continuously being combined and recombined, abolished and reformed, or otherwise modified. From 1864 to 1866 that time, the Department of Public Works assumed jurisdiction over railways and was also given supervision of the Delta Barrages. In 1866, railways administration was separated from the Department of Public works which was reduced into an office (qalam) within the Department of Interior. Public Works was subsequently reconstituted as a department and with combined with Education into a single administration under Ali Mubarak, yet by 1869 it seems to have resumed an independent existence under its own director Linant Bey. After his resignation in 1870, public works was joined to Education and Charitable Endowments and was headed by Ali Mubarak for a second time. In November 1871 it was converted into an office of engineering and was placed under Interior again. By 1872, it had been reestablished as a department one more time, but in August of the same year it was joined again to Education and Charitable Endowments. Twelve months later, owing to the transfer of its director to Interior, it was returned to Interior. Two months later, it was joined to the War Department. In 1875, Public Works was reattached to Interior.
The British Occupation Period (1882–1952).
British engineers took control of the Department during this period. Some of the greatest civil engineers of the Nineteenth Century worked in the department in this era, including Sir Colin Scott Moncrieff, Sir Hanbury Brown, Sir Benjamin Baker and Sir William Willcocks, most of whom had been trained or experienced in British India. All the major dams controlling the Nile (the Old Aswan Dam and Esna, Nag Hammadi, Assiut, Edfeina and Zifta barrages) were constructed during this period.
The Modern Period (1952 to present).
Egyptian engineers operated the Department after Egypt was liberated from the British rule. The biggest and most complicated of all public works in Egyptian history (Aswan High Dam) was constructed during this period. This period experienced influence of Soviet engineers in the 1950s and the 1960s. This was replaced by some influence of American engineers in the 1980s and the 1990s.
Currently, all the public works in Egypt are controlled by the Ministry of Water Resources and Irrigation. The goal of the Ministry of Water Resottrces and Irrigation is to implement feasible projects that will increase agricultural productivity. The lrrigation Improvement
Project was designed to do that through improving the conveyance efficiency on both the main system, the mesqa system and on-farm level.

</doc>
<doc id="19952907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19952907" title="USS Wahpeton (YTM-757)">
USS Wahpeton (YTM-757)

The second USS "Wahpeton" (YTM-757) was a yard tug placed in commission in the United States Navy in 1968 and sold in 1974.
The U.S. Navy acquired the tug "LT-2084" from the United States Army in April 1968. Commissioned as medium harbor tug USS "Wahpeton" and designated YTM-757, she soon thereafter was assigned to the 14th Naval District and served the United States Pacific Fleet.
During her time in U.S. Navy service, she was one of two U.S Navy tugs named USS "Wahpeton", the other being USS "Wahpeton" (YTM-527).
Taken out of service in the early 1970s, "Wahpeton" was struck from the Navy List and sold in September 1974. She became the commercial tug "Lynne".

</doc>
<doc id="19952918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19952918" title="Quintin Blair House">
Quintin Blair House

The Quintin Blair House in Cody, Wyoming was designed by Frank Lloyd Wright and built in 1952-53. The house is an example of Wright's "natural house" theme, emphasizing close integration of house and landscape. It is the only Wright building in Wyoming.
Ruth Taggart Blair was a student at the Chicago Academy of Fine Arts during the 1930s. Her professor, Bruce Goff, took the class to visit Taliesin at Spring Green, Wisconsin, where they met Wright. In 1951 Ruth and Quintin Blair were visiting Arizona, when Ruth suggested that they visit Taliesin West in Arizona, where Wright now lived and worked. They were met by Wright in the driveway, introduced themselves, and were invited to stay for lunch. At the luncheon, Wright expressed a desire to design a house for them, as he had no buildings in Wyoming. At Wright's suggestion, the Blairs bought some land away from town, as Wright did not want to design for a city lot. The house was completed in 1953.
The house is laid out on a by grid. The house is dominated by a low, nearly flat roof that flares dramatically over the living room, where three sides of the room are floor-to-ceiling glass. The windows have mitered corners, eliminating a support and giving the impression that the glass itself incorporates a right-angle bend. A small triangular bay projects from the glass wall as a piano niche, a common Wright element. Exterior wall materials are primarily locally-quarried ashlar sandstone.
The site is a parcel near a small creek about below the house. Springs near the house have been dammed by a wall aligned with the piano bay's angled wall, forming a small pond. The house has been modified and somewhat enlarged, with consultation from Taliesin.
The Blair House was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="19953006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19953006" title="Plasmonic nanolithography">
Plasmonic nanolithography

Plasmonic nanolithography is a nanolithographic process that may enable a new generation of microchip technology. Plasmonic lithography can potentially cost much less than current lithographic techniques. It may take 3 to 5 years for the technology to be implemented.

</doc>
<doc id="19953022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19953022" title="University of Kentucky Solar Car Team">
University of Kentucky Solar Car Team

The University of Kentucky Solar Car Team is an independent, student-led project that operates as part of the University of Kentucky College of Engineering. In 2008, the Solar Car Team completed its first North American Solar Challenge, finishing 11th of 15 teams in the 2400 mile race from Plano, TX, USA to Calgary, AB, Canada. In 2009, the team placed 2nd (out of 11 teams) in the Formula Sun Grand Prix at the Texas Motorsport Ranch in Cresson, TX. In 2010, the team placed 9th in the American Solar Challenge, from Broken Arrow, OK to Naperville, IL.
Mission.
To finance, design, build, and race solar-powered cars while developing team members through practical experience.
Membership.
Membership is open to all University of Kentucky students (Undergraduate and Graduate), professors, and members of the community.
Vision.
The Solar Car Team strives to:
History.
The team has built three vehicles since its inception in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="19953040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19953040" title="World Foundation for Medical Research and Prevention">
World Foundation for Medical Research and Prevention

The World Foundation for Medical Research and Prevention is a 501(c)(3) Houston-based grantmaking public charity established to provide leadership in developing resources to sponsor and fund the projects of Professor Luc Montagnier as well as other research aimed at the design of new types of AIDS vaccines, prolonging the active life of aging people and the diagnosis and treatment of microbial and viral factors associated with cancers, neurodegenerative, auto-immune and other multi-factorial disease processes such as Alzheimer's Disease and Parkinson's Disease. The World Foundation for Medical Research and Prevention supports its work through proceeds from special events, cause-related marketing projects, and voluntary contributions from individuals, corporations, and foundations.

</doc>
<doc id="19953062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19953062" title="Brooklyn Lodge">
Brooklyn Lodge

The Brooklyn Lodge or Brooklyn Lake Lodge was built in 1922-23 for former rodeo performer Harry "Hoot" Jones. The log lodge, located near Centennial, Wyoming in the Snowy Range of Medicine Bow National Forest, was operated by the Jones family until the late 1930s.

</doc>
<doc id="19953073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19953073" title="John Sumner (17th-century actor)">
John Sumner (17th-century actor)

John Sumner (died May 1649) was an English theatre actor during the Caroline era (1625–1642).
Career.
He was a long-time member of the Queen Henrietta's Men, one of the prime playing companies or acting troupes of the time and named for Henrietta Maria of France, the queen consort of England, Scotland and Ireland as the wife of King Charles I.
The existing evidence suggests that Sumner played with the company throughout its existence, from 1625 to 1642. Sumner was cast in all five of the company's productions for which casting information exists. He played these roles:
He probably also played in the company's production of John Ford's "Love's Sacrifice" as well. 
The roles he played tended to be young male leads and vigorous dashing figures, which reveals something about the kind of actor he was.
Personal life.
James Wright's "Historia Histrionica" (1699) states that Sumner was a roommate of Richard Perkins, fellow actor with the Queen's company. As Wright put it, "Perkins and Sumner of the Cockpit kept house together in Clerkenwell, and were there buried..." 
The date of Sumner's death is not known, although he was buried on 24 May in 1649.

</doc>
<doc id="19953074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19953074" title="Christopher Voss">
Christopher Voss

Christopher Voss is an Adjunct Professor at Georgetown University's McDonough School of Business teaching negotiation in the MBA program. He is a past Instructor of International Business Negotiation at Harvard University and a retired Federal Bureau of Investigation special agent who was the FBI's lead international kidnapping negotiator from 2003 to 2007. Voss spent 24 years in the FBI; after retiring, he founded a negotiation consulting firm, the Black Swan Group. His name is written on Phoenix AmeriCapital LLC's website, which mentions that Chris Voss is associated with Phoenix Americapital Wealth & Asset Management LLC. 
Voss was assigned to the FBI Crisis Negotiation Unit (CNU) from 2000 to 2007. He worked cases which included the Jill Carroll case in Iraq, the Steve Centanni case in the Gaza Strip, the Burnham-Sobero Abu Sayyaf case in the Philippines, and the Gonsalves-Howes-Stansell kidnapping in Colombia which culminated in the July 2008 rescue by Colombian forces.
While assigned to the CNU, Voss was also the FBI hostage negotiation subject-matter expert for the Hostage Working Group of the National Security Council and the U.S. hostage negotiation subject-matter expert representative to the G8. He was also one of the lead CNU instructors in the FBI's National Crisis Negotiation Course.
Career.
Voss has worked approximately 150 kidnappings worldwide, from the Middle East to Haiti, as well as the Philippines. Voss has been trained by the FBI, Scotland Yard (the London Metropolitan Police) and Harvard.
Voss was a guest speaker at the University of Virginia’s Critical Incident Analysis Group in the Spring 2005 conference which was entitled “Hostage to Terrorism: Governmental and Non-Governmental Response Strategies” and the Terrorism and Emergency Management Conference held at John Jay College in New York City in 2002.
Among the US sieges that Voss was involved in as a negotiator were the DC Sniper, The Washington, DC “Tractor Man” incident in 2003 and the Chase Manhattan Bank Robbery Hostage Taking in Brooklyn, New York in 1993, along with dozens of other smaller incidents nationwide from 2000 – 2007, while assigned to the FBI Crisis Negotiation Unit.
Prior to becoming the FBI lead international kidnapping negotiator, Voss was a member of the New York City Joint Terrorist Task Force for 14 years (1986—2000) and was co-case agent for TERRSTOP (the Blind Sheik Case – Sheik Omar Abdel-Rahman) and the TWA Flight 800 Catastrophe. While in New York City, Voss was the lead Crisis Negotiator for the New York City Division of the FBI.
Credentials.
Voss is a recipient of the Attorney General's Award for Excellence in Law Enforcement and the FBI Agents Association Award for Distinguished and Exemplary Service.
Voss has taught counter-terrorism, hostage negotiation and hostage survival internationally and was a teaching assistant at Harvard Law School. He is a graduate of Harvard's Kennedy School of Government where he received a Masters of Public Administration in June 2008.
Voss’s company, The Black Swan Group consults on both business negotiation, and kidnapping and terrorism related incidents. Among the essential concepts for responding and preparing for a kidnapping event Voss specializes in are Kidnapping Avoidance, Hostage Survival and a Corporation’s Best Response to a Kidnapping Event.
Voss’s business negotiation consulting in based on applying the lessons of hostage, crisis and kidnapping negotiation to the business negotiation world. Voss’s experiences in working to improve the FBI counter-kidnapping response strategies were greatly influenced by what he learned from the Harvard Program on Negotiation (both as a student and an instructor) and from private sector negotiation consulting firms such as Triad Consulting and the Jim Camp Group.
Ideas and influences.
Voss contends that the principles of hostage and kidnapping negotiation are directly applicable to business negotiation. He states that kidnappers run their operations as a form of a "business", albeit an illegal business, and as such are governed by basic business principles. Negotiation tactics that disrupt businesses will disrupt kidnapping operations.
If a terrorist or criminal gang conducts a kidnapping, they have an expectation of receiving revenue in the form of a ransom within some expected time frame. If the time frame is continually extended beyond their expectations then the ransom victim becomes a form of inventory that is difficult to "turn over" and therefore undesirable. Since the business has a "sunk cost" in this "inventory" they will not discard it, but will continue to bargain for until it is "sold". Their long-term reaction will either be to avoid this type of "inventory" (meaning they will avoid kidnapping this type of person) in the future or change businesses.
This is Voss's explanation for the phenomenon observed in the kidnapping of an Ecuadorian born American citizen, José Escobar, who was leading a tour group of eco-tourists in Ecuador in 2003. The tourist group was composed principally of Caucasian Americans. Escobar, though an American citizen appeared to be a local businessman. The kidnapping gang, members of the Colombian terrorist organization ELN (Ejército de Liberación Nacional or National Liberation Army) ignored the Caucasian Americans to take Escobar. The case was resolved when Escobar escaped after 28 days of captivity.
It was later learned that the ELN had Escobar under surveillance for quite some time, so they clearly knew that the Americans would be there. Voss's explanation for them passing up these potentially lucrative kidnap victimsis that they had learned that Americans were problematic targets. Problematic in the sense that whenever they kidnapped Americans, getting a ransom was a long and difficult process. They come to learn that kidnapping a local businessman was likely a quicker and easier path to a ransom.
This strategy would be significant in combating terrorism. Many terrorist organizations use kidnapping as a source of funding. Therefore disrupting their kidnapping operations through disruptive negotiation techniques is a strategy that can be effective in disrupting terrorism.
Since kidnapping negotiation is a form of business negotiation, Voss contends that savvy kidnapping negotiators would be talented business negotiators and that business negotiators can learn a great deal from the kidnapping negotiation process.
He also contends that people who negotiate on the behalf of kidnapping victims have to form an effective working relationship with their criminal counterparts. The agreement with the kidnapper is effectively a "contract", yet there is no recourse for enforceability. The agreement itself has to be negotiated through a process wherein the process makes the agreement meet all requirements of "durability".
If this contention is true, then these strategies have tremendous application to business. Increasing the durability of agreements, or negotiating them in ways which ensures that they will be performed upon would reduce or eliminate costs associated with renegotiating contracts or the legal fees associated with filing lawsuits in an attempt to enforce contracts."

</doc>
<doc id="19953088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19953088" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Imperial County, California">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Imperial County, California

This list includes properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Imperial County, California. Click the "Map of all coordinates" link to the right to view a Google map of all properties and districts with latitude and longitude coordinates in the table below.

</doc>
<doc id="19953118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19953118" title="Kelantanese Malay">
Kelantanese Malay

Kelantanese Malay (, Kelantanese: "Baso Kelate") is the Malay dialect spoken in Kelantan state of Malaysia, as well as Besut district of Terengganu and the Perhentian Islands. Many people in district of Baling, Sik and Padang Terap in Kedah speak in a language similar to language spoken in Kelantan. It is sometimes unintelligible to standard Malay speakers, although they share a lot of similarities. It is essentially the same dialect as Yawi across the border in Thailand, Yawi is a misnomer for the language, Yawi (Jawi in Malay) refers to the use of Arabic transliteration for its writing. However, there may have been some recent minor divergences between the Yawi side and Kelantan side, a detailed study is needed to find out as nobody really knows. Kelantanese is traditionally written in Arabic letters, as is Yawi. There are words that are completely different from standard Malay, and Kelantanese Malay is much older and has a richer history (written in Arabic) than standard Malay. Terengganuan Malay also differs from both Kelantanese Malay and standard Malay.
Examples of words differences are:
Standard Malay: Kelantanese
Some Notable Kelantanese phrases.
""wat lolok"" means "just kidding"...a very popular phrase used when you're not seriously answering someone who is asking you what are you doing.
Origin:
Probably from the phrase "buat olok-olok" (olok-olok = pretend) or simply originates from Siamese language.
Example:Q: "Wat gapo/ wat gedio/ wat nate gapo weh"??A: " "wat lolok"..!!"
As opposed to what people commonly used.
Q: buat ape/ buat mende/tengah buat ape tu..??A: tiada apa-apa..!!

</doc>
<doc id="19953124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19953124" title="Shamrock Bowl I">
Shamrock Bowl I

Shamrock Bowl I was the first championship game played between two Irish American Football teams in the IAFL, the game was played in St Marys RFC Templeville road in Dublins southside. The Dublin Celts and Craigavon Cowboys met in a very rough and difficult contest for both teams, exacerbated by a high level of penalty flags thrown in the game, causing frustration to both sides. The Celts ran a mixture of the wishbone formation, and the pro setduring the game but the Cowboys defence managed to prevent the Celts scoring a touchdown. The Celts were ahead for most of the game when they scored a safety by Carlos De la Garza early in the game.However in the final quarter of the game Cowboys quarterback Geoff Donaghy passed to wr John Mulally to score the only touchdown of the game. The Cowboys won 6-2, the lowest scoring Shamrock Bowl in the history of the league. 
It was the same two teams who were to meet in Shamrock bowl 11, in North RFC in Belfast, this time the Dublin Celts emerged victorious in a tough hard hitting game, 25 to 15. at the end of the game both teams went back to the Cowboys clubhouse for a postgame celebration, such was the sportsmanship displayed by both teams, even after a tough gruelling game.

</doc>
<doc id="19953128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19953128" title="Holly Rock">
Holly Rock

"Holly Rock" is a song written by Sheila E. which appeared on the soundtrack of the 1985 film "Krush Groove", with Sheila E. also performing the song in the film. It is a high-energy rap number with Sheila E. rapping throughout most of the song. The song did not chart, but it became a fan favorite. The 7" single release was backed by "Toy Box", a track from "Romance 1600".
Music video.
A live performance of the song was used as the music video.

</doc>
<doc id="19953143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19953143" title="Kysorychi">
Kysorychi

Kysorychi (, ) is a village located in Rivne Oblast, Ukraine. Before the 1939 Nazi German and Soviet invasions of Poland, the village was named Kisorycze and was located in Gmina Kisorycze, Sarny County, Wołyń Voivodeship in the eastern part of the Second Polish Republic. The biggest employer in the area was a glass factory in Rokitno (Рокитне) 8 km north of town, employing 400 workers. 
World War II.
The village was one of hundreds of sites of mass killings during the wave of massacres of Poles in Volhynia between 1942 and 1945. Polish families were murdered there by UPA death squads aided by the local Ukrainians; as in the case of the Żołnowski family, choked to death with a rope by their own neighbors. The eye-witness account was provided by the Żołnowski wife, who survived by pretending to be dead. The local Polish teacher Felicja Masojada, with Kasper Koziński and his Ukrainian wife Hanka and maid Cita, were ambushed on the road. Hanka (the Ukrainian) was sent home, but the rest were led into the forest by a death squad (sotnia) of Hryćko Kaszkieciuk, Jan Kulpacz "Tryhub", Jan Szeluk, Jan Wołoszyn, and, Konstanty and Semen Kowalczuk, where the women were hanged upside down and dismembered.

</doc>
<doc id="19953154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19953154" title="USS Wahtah (YT-140)">
USS Wahtah (YT-140)

USS "Wahtah" (YT-140), later YTB-140, was a United States Navy harbor tug in commission from 1939 to 1946.
"Wahtah" was laid down on 28 August 1939 at Portsmouth, Virginia, by the Norfolk Navy Yard. She was launched on 14 December 1939, sponsored by Miss Marie Yvonne Thornton, and soon thereafter was placed in service at the Washington Navy Yard in Washington, D.C..
For the remainder of her active career, "Wahtah" remained attached to the Washington Navy Yard performing local tugging and towing operations, providing waterfront fire protection, and other related services. She was reclassified as a large harbor tug and redesignated YTB-140 on 15 May 1944.
Struck from the Navy List on 15 October 1974, she was soon sold.

</doc>
<doc id="19953160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19953160" title="Libby Lodge">
Libby Lodge

The Libby Lodge, also known as the Snowy Range Lodge, is located in the Snowy Range of Medicine Bow National Forest in Wyoming. The three-story log lodge was built in 1925. 
http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Snowy_Range_Lodge.jpg

</doc>
<doc id="19953166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19953166" title="Edicson Ruiz">
Edicson Ruiz

Edicson Ruiz (born 11 May 1985 in Caracas, Venezuela) is a Venezuelan double-bass player. At age 17, Ruiz became the youngest member of the Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra, the second in the Philharmonic history after a harp player in the 19th century; he is also the first Hispanic-American musician to join the Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra. 
Ruiz started his musical career at age 11 when he joined the Venezuelan network of youth orchestras, known as "El Sistema". In 2001, he was awarded the first prize in the youth solo competition at the International Society of Bassists convention, held in Indianapolis. After his first concert in Germany, he was offered a place in the Berlin Philharmonic, becoming a full member after one year of training.

</doc>
<doc id="19953177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19953177" title="Pausanias of Damascus">
Pausanias of Damascus

Pausanias of Damascus wrote in the last quarter of the 2nd century BC and composed the versified description of the ancient coastal regions that is commonly known as the work of Pseudo-Scymnus.

</doc>
<doc id="19953181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19953181" title="HMS Snowdrop">
HMS Snowdrop

Two ships of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS "Snowdrop" after the flower, the Snowdrop:

</doc>
<doc id="19953190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19953190" title="Wahtah">
Wahtah

Wahtah may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19953210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19953210" title="Stephen Leopold">
Stephen Leopold

Stephen Leopold (born November 15, 1951) is a Canadian real estate professional and entrepreneur.
Background.
Born in Montreal, Canada, Leopold is descended from a prominent Montreal family. His paternal grandmother, Rhoda Leopold, was one of Canada's illustrious philanthropists; she was the only person, male or female, to chair the Canadian equivalent of the United Jewish Appeal (now the United Jewish Communities) (UJC), the Combined Jewish Appeal, for four consecutive years. Rhoda Leopold died in 1964, and the "Woman of the Year Award" given by Montreal's Combined Jewish Appeal is honored in her name as the Rhoda Leopold Award. Leopold's father was the late Irwin Leopold, a leading Montreal businessman and developer. Irwin Leopold initiated the development of Westmount Square in Montreal. Westmount Square, a complex of residential and commercial buildings that formed "a city within a city," was designed by Ludwig Mies van der Rohe. Some of Irwin Leopold's other major developments included Burlington Square in Burlington, Vermont; the Royal Bank Building in Ottawa; Lafayette Square in Boston; and the former headquarters of the National Bank of Canada in Old Montreal.
Education.
In Leopold's early years, he attended Selwyn House School, a private school and Westmount High School. He later graduated with honors from McGill University in Montreal, and attended the McGill University Faculty of Law.
Career.
In Canada.
In 1973, while still at the McGill Faculty of Law, he became an investigator on the Senate Select Committee on Presidential Activities (Senator Sam Ervin's Watergate Committee, or The United States Senate Watergate Committee)[http://74.52.227.18/~sleopold/pdf/MacleansDec1973Watergate.pdf]
Following his initial foray into politics, Leopold began, what would ultimately become, his career in real estate.
In 1975, Leopold's visibility lead to his appointment as Executive Assistant to Brian Mulroney during Mulroney's 1975-1976 bid for the leadership of the Progressive Conservative Party of Canada[http://74.52.227.18/~sleopold/pdf/MulroneyBook.pdf] (ISBN 0-7710-5469-6). Mulroney would later become Prime Minister of Canada from 1984-1993. In Mulroney's personal autobiography published in 2007, and titled Brian Mulroney - "" (ISBN 978-0-7710-6536-1). Mulroney refers to humorous travel times with Leopold, and calls Leopold "an energetic and affable young Montrealer".
After the campaign ended, Leopold returned to real estate and became Vice President of Canada's largest mortgage bank, Marcil Trust which was subsequently acquired by the Royal Bank of Canada, and now forms part of RBC Capital Markets [http://www.rbccm.com/0,cid-23057_,00.html]
In 1977 Leopold formed Leopold Properties. The firm, subsequently renamed Leopold Property Consultants, became one of the largest companies in North America to represent only tenants. As a result, Leopold and his company represented some of North America's leading companies and professional firms in the development of new office buildings to house their tenancy.These included such Montreal landmarks as 1001 de Maisonneuve Blvd for Aetna Insurance. In May 1986, while representing Coopers & Lybrand (today PricewaterhouseCoopers), Clarkson Tetrault (today McCarthy Tétrault), and Claridge Investments (the holding company for the descendants of the late Samuel Bronfman), Leopold inspired the redevelopment of one of downtown Montreal's most important heritage sites, The Windsor Hotel[http://www.mccord-museum.qc.ca/en/info/pressreleases/119e.html. Today "Le Windsor" remains one of the premiere office addresses in the city. This transaction reflected the stature that Leopold had attained by 1986 in the Canadian business community. His leadership in the real estate industry, coupled with his well publicized association with Prime Minister Brian Mulroney (1984–1993), brought Leopold into the spotlight in the Canadian press. He used this prominence to take controversial public stands. In 1984, as a leader of Montreal's anglophone community, Leopold proclaimed that notwithstanding the threat of the Quebec sovereignty movement, the hydroelectric power resources of Quebec would always sustain it as a vibrant economy . Controversial at times, in 1985, he publicly questioned where large pension funds were investing in Montreal, asserting that it was foolish to invest in areas without easy public transportation [http://74.52.227.18/~sleopold/pdf/PDF/Office%20Leasing%20Expert.pdf. In 1986, he led the first Canadian business boycott against the apartheid policies of South Africa at a luncheon hosted by Canada's premier luncheon club, The Canadian Club which featured the head of the Canada-South Africa Trade Committee [http://74.52.227.18/~sleopold/pdf/articles/SA_boycott.pdf. In 1989 Leopold was featured in Vista Magazine, a national monthly publication in an article titled "Stephen Leopold - Owner, Leopold Property Consultants - Kingpin of Canadian Real Estate" . [http://74.52.227.18/~sleopold/pdf/articles/Vista%20June%201989.pdf]. 
Upon his return to Montreal in 2010 The Globe and Mail, Canada’s national newspaper ran a full page story titled “Real Estate Royalty comes home” stating “He's as close as it comes to real estate royalty in the city even though he was gone for almost two decades”. [http://www.theglobeandmail.com/life/home-and-garden/real-estate/real-estate-royalty-comes-home/article1389893/].
In New York.
In 1993 Leopold relocated to New York City to pursue large scale property development in Manhattan. One of Leopold's largest development deals included conceiving and creating nearly two acres of food courts in the World Trade Center Leopold later sold his interest in the World Trade Center projects shortly before the September 11, 2001 attacks.[http://74.52.227.18/~sleopold/pdf/Espace%20Magazine.pdf
Leopold has been a guest speaker and lecturer at numerous universities including: McGill University, The University of Toronto, Concordia University, The University of Alberta, UCLA and Hofstra University.
Leopold has served on the Boards of Directors of the University Club of Montreal, the Edmonton Art Gallery, Ruby Foo's Restaurant and Hotel, the Montreal Alouettes of the Canadian Football League, and the Canadian Guild of Crafts. He presently serves on the Board of Governors of the Franklin and Eleanor Roosevelt Institute [http://www.feri.org/common/news/reports/detail.cfm?QID=6315&ClientID=11005&topicID=513&classification=report] which in partnership with the National Parks and the National archives is responsible for the maintenance of the birthright grounds, home and Presidential library of President Franklin Delano Roosevelt.
Recently, Leopold was highlighted as a featured "expert" in Donald Trump's latest book "The Best Real Estate Advice I Ever Received: 100 Top Experts Share Their Strategies" (ISBN 0-307-20999-7). (excerpt)

</doc>
<doc id="19953211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19953211" title="Princess Grace Foundation-USA">
Princess Grace Foundation-USA

The Princess Grace Foundation-USA is a national foundation in the United States which is dedicated to identifying and assisting emerging talent in theater, dance, and film by awarding grants in the form of scholarships, apprenticeships, and fellowships. It was named after the Grace Kelly, Princess of Monaco. Currently, John F. Lehman, Jr. is at the helm, Albert II, Prince of Monaco, serves as Vice-Chairman, and Toby Boshak, who has been with the Foundation for fourteen years, is the Executive Director. The organization's goals are helping emerging artists. The Foundation’s Trustees share Princess Grace’s dedication to supporting the arts and they believe, as she did, that cultivation and training of emerging talent is essential to ensure sustained excellence in the arts.
Over the past 28 years, the Foundation has awarded over $8 million to nearly 500 theater, dance, and film artists nationwide. It continues to fund its inaugural disciplines and has expanded its grants program to include playwriting and choreography grants within the theater and dance categories.
In keeping with the Princess Grace Foundation’s mission to identify and celebrate talented emerging artists, the Arts Advisory Board (AAB) created Special Project Awards to provide Princess Grace Awards winners with funds for project-specific ventures. The AAB funds projects that offer unique, consequential artistic opportunities at a critical juncture in an artist’s career. Since 2003, fifty-nine Special Project Awards have been granted. In 2010, the AAB conferred seven Special Project Awards: three in Theater, one in Dance, and three in Film.
In 2008, the AAB formed a partnership with Baryshnikov Arts Center (BAC) to provide further support for Princess Grace Awards winners. The Works in Progress Residency provides a cash award of around $25,000 and residence at the Baryshnikov Arts Center, in support of the multimedia and interdisciplinary artistic pursuits of Princess Grace Awards winners. The Residency enables these artists to explore, experiment, and push the boundaries of their work in an environment that focuses on process over product. In 2010, three artists received BAC Residencies: two in Theater and one in Dance.
In 2009, the AAB formed a partnership with Steppenwolf Theatre Company to provide further support for its Theater Awards winners. The goal of this alliance is to provide a Princess Grace Theater Awards winner with an opportunity to learn from a more established Awards winner by serving as a Co-Assistant Director on a production scheduled as a part of the Steppenwolf season. The partnership has paired Alex Torra with Anna D. Shapiro on a production of UP! in 2009 and plans to pair another director with Tina Landau on a production of "Hot L Baltimore" in 2011.
The Foundation hopes to foster a community network for continued support of Awards winners as they progress in their careers.
History.
Prince Rainier of Monaco established the program to keep helping emerging artists realize their career goals as Princess Grace did during her lifetime. Prince Rainier's children continue to assist in the program in its 28th year. Notable supporters of the Foundation during its inception include Gant Gaither, Frank Sinatra, Cary Grant, John Johnson, William P. Rogers, Mary Wells Lawrence, and Lynn Wyatt. In 1982, the Board of Trustees, under Robert Hausman, incorporated Princess Grace Foundation-USA as a not-for-profit public charity. In 1984, after the initial fund raising phase was complete, financial grants in the form of scholarships, apprenticeships, and fellowships were awarded to artists associated with schools or companies in the dance and theater disciplines. An arts advisory board composed of distinguished professionals in each of those fields was appointed to choose the most talented applicants as Awards recipients. President Reagan and his wife oversaw the first gala in Washington, D.C.; a tradition now continued annually in the Awards Gala in New York City.
The Princess Grace Statue Award.
Past winners of the Awards who distinguish themselves in their artistic disciplines since receiving their initial Princess Grace Awards are eligible to win the Foundation’s highest honor, the Princess Grace Statue Award. In addition to a $25,000 unrestricted cash gift, these awardees are presented with a bronze statuette of Princess Grace created by the Dutch artist Kees Verkade. To date, fifty-one artists have received this award.
The Prince Rainier III Award.
In 2005, the board of trustees inaugurated the Prince Rainier III Award, in honor of the man who helped begin the Foundation. This Award is presented to eminent artists who have not only been highly successful in their careers, but have made significant humanitarian contributions to their fields. To date, Mikhail Baryshnikov (2005), Twyla Tharp (2006), George Lucas (2007), Glenn Close (2008), Mandy Patinkin (2009) and Denzel Washington and Pauletta Washington (2010) have received this honor, which includes a grant to the philanthropic organization of their choice.

</doc>
<doc id="19953212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19953212" title="Wiliam Knight">
Wiliam Knight

Wiliam Knight (December 5, 1828 — September 17, 1918) was an English cricketer who played for Kent. He was born in Chawton and died in Bilting.
Knight made a single first-class appearance for the side, in 1862, against Sussex. Batting as a tailender, he was run out in the first innings in which he batted and finished not out in the second.
Knight's brother Philip, father Edward, and uncles George, Brook and Henry all played first-class cricket.

</doc>
<doc id="19953217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19953217" title="Elliptic hypergeometric series">
Elliptic hypergeometric series

In mathematics, an elliptic hypergeometric series is a series Σ"c""n" such that the ratio
"c""n"/"c""n"−1 is an elliptic function of "n", analogous to generalized hypergeometric series where the ratio is a rational function of "n", and basic hypergeometric series where the ratio is a periodic function of the complex number "n". They were introduced by in their study of elliptic 6-j symbols. 
For surveys of elliptic hypergeometric series see or .
Definitions.
The q-Pochhammer symbol is defined by 
The modified Jacobi theta function with argument "x" and nome "p" is defined by
The elliptic shifted factorial is defined by
The theta hypergeometric series "r"+1"E""r" is defined by
The very well poised theta hypergeometric series "r"+1"V""r" is defined by
The bilateral theta hypergeometric series "r""G""r" is defined by
Definitions of additive elliptic hypergeometric series.
The elliptic numbers are defined by 
where the Jacobi theta function is defined by
The additive elliptic shifted factorials are defined by
The additive theta hypergeometric series "r"+1"e""r" is defined by
The additive very well poised theta hypergeometric series "r"+1"v""r" is defined by

</doc>
<doc id="19953239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19953239" title="Yeovil Town L.F.C.">
Yeovil Town L.F.C.

Yeovil Town Ladies Football Club are an English women's association football club affiliated with Yeovil Town F.C. and will play in the second division of the FA WSL in the 2014 season, the second level on the Women's pyramid. The club are managed by former player Sarah Lawler.
Prior to moving to the FA WSL, the club played in the FA Women's Premier League Southern Division after gaining promotion from the South West Combination Women's Football League for a second time in 2012. The team currently plays their home matches at the home of Sherborne Town, Raleigh Grove.
History.
The team was formed in 1995 by Tony Baverstock as Yetminster Ladies, and originally competed in South West League Division Two, the club's first game was against Weymouth Vikings on 16 September 1990. In 1997 the team reached the 4th Round of the Women's FA Cup, finally going out to Everton Ladies in front of a crowd of over 500 at Huish Park. The club was renamed Sherborne Ladies, and then later Yeovil Town Ladies, and progressed well under the management of John Flatters. After Mr Flatters departed the club, first team coach Steve Phelps took over.
The 2004–05 season saw Yeovil Town Ladies win the Somerset County Cup Final against Keynsham Town Ladies, the end of this season also saw the departure of young talent Helen Bleazard, who had been playing for Yeovil since the age of nine. Bleazard left to play for Bristol City Ladies, who at the time were playing in the Women's Premier League. The following season saw the team missing out on league promotion to Frome Town by one point, leaving them in the League runner's up position, and losing League Cup finalists. The 2006–07 season saw "the Glovers "at last seal promotion to the South West Combination League.
The club embarked upon its first season back up in the South West Combination in 2007–08. It was another good campaign too, with the team acclimatising well to their new status and gaining a very respectable fourth place finish. The 2008–09 season again saw fine progress, Yeovil Town footballer Nathan Jones joined as first team coach in November 2009. Yeovil finished the season third, behind league champions Queens Park Rangers and second place Plymouth Argyle. The Reserves finished the season as League champions, gaining promotion to the South West League, Division One.
The following season saw the team hit the headlines following a 21–0 victory over Reading Town in the August. This inspired them to race to the top of the league with a 9–1 win over Cullompton, a hard fought victory at Forest green and a 2–2 draw at Havant & Waterlooville. The season was disrupted by poor weather for almost four months, but this allowed the team to concentrate on the FA Cup, with victories over Saltash United, Forest Green Rovers and Newquay taking them to an exciting fourth round tie with Norwich City, a game that saw them come out 3–0 winners, setting up a tie with Nottingham Forest. They lost this narrowly 1–0, but clearly showed their higher league promise. The team won the South West Combination Women’s League, having won seventeen, drawn one and lost just two of their twenty matches, scoring 103 goals, conceding just fifteen.
The 2010–11 season saw the club competing in FA Women's Premier League Southern Division for the first time, however, they unfortunately found themselves relegated back to the South West Combination at the end of the season after a brave battle. They however fared better in the county cup, getting through to the final thanks to a 3–1 victory over Keynsham Town. March 2011 saw the departure of the long serving first team manager Steve Phelps and his assistant manager Nigel Wolfe from their positions at the club. Steve cited work and personal commitments for his resignation.
Nigel Williams and Sarah Lawler took over as joint managers of the first team, with Chris White installed as assistant manager. They initially steadied the ship with draws against Cardiff City and Colchester United, but defeats against West Ham United and Portsmouth in their final two matches confirmed the return to the South West Combination. The season ended with a 3–0 win over Larkhall Athletic in the final of the Somerset Women’s Senior Cup.
The 2011–12 season was the first full season under the tenure of the new joint first team managers saw two trophies won by the senior squad, with the lifting of both the South West Women’s Combination Football League Trophy and the Somerset FA Women’s Senior Cup. The club also had the honour of being awarded the FA National Respect Gold award for the English ladies football pyramid. The start of the season saw the departure from the club of the long serving and record goal scorer Jemma Tewkesbury, who moved to Portsmouth Ladies, but the league campaign starting with a 7–1 victory over Keynsham Development and this set the precedent for the season, with the girls staying unbeaten in the league throughout. The county cup campaign started well with a 1-0 win over Keynsham Town. The girls received a bye to the final, where they beat Larkhall Athletic 3–0 to lift the trophy for the second consecutive season. The girls were crowned champions in April, with two games to spare, confirming promotion back to the FA Women’s Premier League Southern Division at the first time of asking.
The 2012–13 season saw the club finish 3rd in the Premier League Southern Division, their highest ever finishing position, and reached the 5th round of the FA Women's Cup before losing 4–0 to Leeds United. In April 2013, it was confirmed that the club had been accepted in to the new expanded FA WSL Division 2.

</doc>
<doc id="19953254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19953254" title="2003 Mario Andretti Grand Prix at Road America">
2003 Mario Andretti Grand Prix at Road America

The 2003 Mario Andretti Grand Prix at Road America was the twelfth round of the 2003 CART World Series season, held on August 3, 2003 at the Road America circuit in Elkhart Lake, Wisconsin.
The race was shortened to 34 laps from the scheduled 60 after the race was red-flagged twice because of rain. The first stoppage lasted 20 minutes after only 1 lap and the second lasted 2 hours and 40 minutes after lap 7. With darkness impending at the restart after the second red flag period, the race had to be shortened from its original length.
Race cancellation and rescheduling.
This race was canceled in March 2003 (along with the planned race for 2004) after a legal dispute developed between the Road America's owner George Bruggenthies and CART. However, Mario Andretti was able to negotiate an agreement between the parties and the race was restored to CART's schedule in April. The race was then named in Andretti's honor.

</doc>
<doc id="19953255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19953255" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in San Benito County, California">
National Register of Historic Places listings in San Benito County, California

This list includes properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in San Benito County, California. Click the "Map of all coordinates" link to the right to view a Google map of all properties and districts with latitude and longitude coordinates in the table below.

</doc>
<doc id="19953256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19953256" title="Otto von Erdmannsdorff">
Otto von Erdmannsdorff

Otto von Erdmannsdorff (22 October 1888 – 30 December 1978) was a German diplomat who served as ambassador to Hungary under the Nazis from 1937 to 1941, and was later acquitted of war crimes in the Ministries Trial.
A member of the Saxon juridical service before the First World War, a participant in that war, Von Erdmannsdorff afterward held diplomatic posts in Mexico, China, and Tokyo. He took up his post as ambassador to Hungary on May 11, 1937. Although serving as ambassador for Hitler's government during a critical period, he was not himself a Nazi: the U.S. Ambassador to Hungary at the time, John F. Montgomery, mentioned that von Erdmannsdorff "almost resigned at one time because he didn't want to cope with the Nazis", and Hungarian regent Miklós Horthy described him as "the last of the professional German diplomats". He nonetheless became a nominal member of the party in 1937. He was replaced as ambassador in July 1941 by Dietrich von Jagow, a party member rather than professional diplomat.
Thereafter, he served as Deputy to Ernst Wörmann, who was Chief of the Political Division of the German Foreign Office. Although the Political Division was staffed mainly by civil servants who were either nominal members of the Nazi Party or not members at all, it was nonetheless involved in implementing the Final Solution. This led to von Erdmannsdorff's being charged with war crimes in the Ministries Trial after the war; however, he was acquitted as a result of a determination that he lacked sufficient power and influence to have been able to prevent the crimes.
His memoirs are unpublished, and contain among other things a number of quotations from Horthy recorded during von Erdmannsdorff's four years representing Germany in Hungary.

</doc>
<doc id="19953286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19953286" title="Shisha">
Shisha

Shushi or sheesha may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19953325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19953325" title="Special Administrative Unit of Civil Aeronautics">
Special Administrative Unit of Civil Aeronautics

The Special Administrative Unit of Civil Aeronautics (, also known as "Aeronáutica Civil", Aerocivil or UAEAC) is a government agency of the Colombian Ministry of Transport. It is the agency in charge of regulating civil aviation, the aviation industry, and of managing the Colombian airspace. Aerocivil is also in charge of managing and controlling all of Colombia's public airports. It is headquartered in the new "Aerocivil" building on the property of El Dorado International Airport. Previously it was located on the fourth floor of the main terminal building of the airport.
Agency.
The Special Administrative Unit of Civil Aeronautics is a semi independent agency of the Colombian Ministry of Transport. Aerocivil deals not only with civil aviation, but with general aviation as a whole, excluding military aviation which falls under the Colombian Air Force branch of the Colombian Military.
The agency also operates two agencies of its own, the Corporation of the Colombian Aeronautic Industry SA ("Corporación de la Industria Aeronáutica Colombiana S.A", or CIAC) which is in agency in charge of construction, repair and maintenance of planes and jets, and the Centre for Aeronautic Studies ("Centro de Estudios Aeronáuticos", or CEA), which creates programs for training and education in the field of aeronautics.
Mission.
The mission of Aerocivil is to work towards the organized development of civil aviation, the aviation industry, and the safe use of the Colombian airspace, facilitating intermodal transportation, through:
Objectives.
The objectives of Aerocivil as a government agency are:
History.
During the early 1990s the growth of civil aviation and commercial airlines created the need for their regulation and oversight. In 1919 with the creation of the first Colombian airline, SCADTA, the need for regulation led the government to take the first of such steps. On 31 December 1919, President Marco Fidel Suárez sanctioned "Law 126 of 1919", which became the first form of legislation in the country dealing with aviation, making aviation companies, and everything related to aviation subject to government regulations. 
On 2 November 1933 during the administration of President Enrique Olaya Herrera, "Decree 1080 of 1933" was passed. This decree ascribed matters of civil aviation to the Ministry of Agriculture and Commerce, the next year however, "Decree 1682 of 1934", expedited by the newly elect President Alfonso López Pumarejo, ascribed it to the Ministry of War. The Ministry of War now controlled all aspects of aviation in the country, military by the Air Force, and civil by the Department of Civil Aviation ("Departamento de Aviación Civil").
As aviation became popular, and new international and national flight routes were created, the government saw the need to create a more organized and independent agency to oversee civil aviation. Was then that Congress passed "Law 80 of 1938", which created the Directorate General of Civil Aeronautics ("Dirección General de Aeronáutica"), centralizing the management of civil aviation into one agency. The agency was still part of the Ministry of War, but had gained more independence in management and finances, and was now in charge of the operations of aerodromes, airways, aeronautic radiocommunications, meteorology, and oversight. 
On 18 October 1951 a change of name and command was implemented during the administration of President Laureano Gómez, who by means of "Decree 1956 of 1951", created the National Department of Civil Aeronautics ("Departamento Nacional de Aeronáutica Civil"), replacing the name and placing it under the authority of the Ministry of Public Works.
On June 18, of 1960, the National Government created by "Decree 1721 of 1960" the Administrative Department of Civil Aeronautics ("Departamento Administrativo de Aeronáutica Civil", DAAC), which was assigned specific technical and administrative duties to define aeronautic policy. In 1992 the DAAC merged with the National Aeronautic Fund ("Fondo Aeronáutico Nacional"), broadening its services and responsibilities. 
On December 30, 1993 Congress passed "Law 105 of 1993", which created the Administrative Department of Civil Aeronautics, thus replacing the Special Administrative Unit of Civil Aeronautics, being now put under the administration of the Ministry of Transportation. The agency officially went into operation on 1 February 1994, with officials being sworn in again, and 450 employees laid off.

</doc>
<doc id="19953328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19953328" title="Housui Yamazaki">
Housui Yamazaki


</doc>
<doc id="19953329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19953329" title="Texas gubernatorial election, 2010">
Texas gubernatorial election, 2010

The 2010 Texas gubernatorial election was held on Tuesday, November 2, 2010, to elect the Governor of Texas. Incumbent Republican Governor Rick Perry ran successfully for election to a third consecutive term. He won the Republican primary against U.S. Senator Kay Bailey Hutchison. The former Mayor of Houston, Bill White, won the Democratic nomination. Kathie Glass, a lawyer from Houston and previous candidate for Texas Attorney General (under the name Kathy Youngblood-Glass), won the Libertarian nomination. Deb Shafto was the nominee of the Texas Green Party. Andy Barron, an orthodontist from Lubbock, was a declared write-in candidate.
The Lieutenant Governor of Texas is elected on a separate ticket. As a result, the Governor-elect and Lieutenant Governor-elect may be, and have in the past been, of different political parties. For that race, Linda Chavez-Thompson won the Democratic Party nomination and avoided a runoff; incumbent Republican Lieutenant Governor David Dewhurst won re-election. Scott Jameson was the Libertarian nominee.
Perry's fourth inauguration was held on January 18, 2011 at the Texas State Capitol grounds. Exit Polls showed Perry winning Anglos (71% to 29%), while White performed well among African Americans (88% to 12%) and Latinos (61% to 38%)
The Governor of Texas and Lieutenant Governor of Texas are both sworn-in on the third Tuesday of January every four years.
Election rules.
Texas does not have term limits for its governors; thus, gubernatorial incumbents are free to run as often as they want if they are eligible for the office. 
The Republicans and Democrats chose their gubernatorial nominees based on the results of primary votes held on March 2, 2010 (the first Tuesday in March). Both parties' candidates received at least 20 percent of the total votes cast for governor in the 2006 election; thus, they must nominate their candidates via primary election.
Any third-party which obtains ballot access must nominate its candidates via a statewide convention, which by law must be held on June 12, 2010 (the second Saturday in June). The Libertarian Party obtained ballot access automatically due to its 2008 showing, in which one of its nominees attracted over one million votes.
In the primary election the party's winning candidate must garner a majority (over 50%) of votes cast; otherwise, the top two candidates face each other in a runoff election. However, in the general election, the winning candidate needs only a plurality of votes to be elected Governor (as was the case with the 2006 election and the 1990 election, in which Libertarian Jeff Daiell attracted over 129,000 votes).
Independent and write-in candidates may seek ballot access; however, the criteria for such access are quite strict (see "Ballot Access" below). Nevertheless, in the 2006 election, two independent candidates, Carole Keeton Strayhorn, the Republican State Comptroller, and Kinky Friedman, a popular Texas country musician, obtained enough signatures to qualify. The Libertarian nominee, James Werner, was on the ballot automatically because of that party's Texas showing in the 2004 general election.
Ballot access.
Political party candidates.
Any political party whose candidate for Governor, during the 2006 election, garnered at least 20 percent of the total votes cast, must nominate all its candidates for all offices sought via primary election. In the 2006 election, both the Democratic candidate (Chris Bell) and the Republican candidate (Rick Perry) received this many votes; thus, both parties must hold primary elections using the two-round system. The primary elections must be held on the first Tuesday in March, and a candidate must receive a majority of votes cast in the primary election; otherwise, a runoff election between the top two finishers must be held on the second Tuesday in April.
A political party whose candidate for Governor, during the 2006 election, received at least two percent but less than 20 percent of the total votes cast, may nominate its candidates for all offices sought via either a primary election (using the two-round system) or a state convention. If the party chooses to conduct a primary election, it must notify the Texas Secretary of State at least one year prior to the general election date and must nominate all its candidates via primary election. No third-party candidate met this requirement in 2006; the last to do so was the Libertarian Party in 1990 (when nominee Jeff Daiell polled over 3.3% of the vote).
All other political parties must nominate their candidates via state convention, which by law must be held on the second Saturday in June. In order to qualify for ballot access at the general election, the party must either:
Independent candidates.
Should an independent gubernatorial candidate seek ballot access in the state of Texas, the candidate must meet the following requirements:
Write-in candidates.
In the event a candidate does not qualify for independent status, the person may still run as a write-in candidate. The candidate must either:
Republican primary.
Polling.
Note: polls used different sample sizes and citizen groups. A candidate must have a majority of the vote (50%) to avoid a runoff with their second place opponent.
Election.
Candidates.
Major.
"Candidates who have obtained at least 5% or more in at least one pre-election poll"
External links.
Debate:
Voter resources:
Republican candidates for Governor:
Democratic candidates for Governor:
Libertarian candidate for Governor:
Third party/Independent candidates for Governor:

</doc>
<doc id="19953366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19953366" title="Jaime Lopresti">
Jaime Lopresti

Jaime Lopresti Travanic (born January 27, 1974) is a Chilean football defender. Jaime is a respected defender and defensive midfielder. He last played for the Edmonton Aviators of the A-League. Before that he played in his native Chile for top teams Universidad Catolica, Unión Española, and Colo-Colo winning two national championships. He played one match for the Chilean national team. He was born in Vancouver, Canada.
In 1992 Jaime started his professional career in Universidad Catolica Club at the age of 17. His Pro debut was against Argentinian club Independiente de Avellaneda in August 1992. In 1994, Jaime was loaned to Coquimbo Unido where he scored 3 goals playing in the right back position. Coquimbo Unido renewed his contract for the following 1995 season where Jaime first caught the eye of Men`s National Squad coach Javier Azgargorta. That same year Jaime made his first appearance in the Chilean Men's Team against Canada. In 2006, Jaime signed with the powerful Union Espanola Team and also renewed for the 2007 Season. From 2008-2009 Jaime travelled up to northern Chile to play for Deportes Iquique where he managed to be named top defender and scored 5 goals. His speed and strength caught the interest with the well known Colo-Colo where he spent 3 seasons. In 2004 Jaime once again signed for Union Espanola and later that same Year travelled to his native Canada to join the newly formed Edmonton Aviators Team for the A-League division scoring two goals. Squad=References==

</doc>
<doc id="19953385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19953385" title="Redwood County Poor Farm">
Redwood County Poor Farm

The Redwood County Poor Farm (or Poorhouse) was a county run institution serving impoverished and aged people in Redwood Falls, Minnesota from 1884 to 1889 and again from 1909 to 1967 when it was converted to a nursing home. 
Today the building houses the Redwood County Museum which is operated by the Redwood County Historical Society. There are 30 rooms of local history and culture exhibits, including such period rooms as a living room, dining room, kitchen, general store, military room, and doctor's office. There are also three natural history rooms with local wildlife, Native American artifacts, musical instruments, toys and period clothing. A one-room school building is on the grounds. 
The museum is open on weekends from May through October.
Institutional History.
Location.
The Redwood County poor farm was constructed at its current location in 1907; prior to this there had been another poor farm. In 1884 a site was purchased in the Sherman Township for three thousand dollars. This poor farm was on one hundred and sixty acres and had a nine-room house and was located approximately thirteen miles from the county seat of Redwood Falls (Webb & Swedberg, 1964). According to the Redwood County Commissioner Meeting minutes (January 3, 1889), the vast majority of the costs from the facility came from providing medical care, followed by food costs. At that same Commissioner meeting it was decided that the farm would be sold for three thousand two hundred dollars with a sale/move out date of February 5, 1889. The reason given for the sale was the “premises is not properly located, convenient or adapted for the purpose of a ‘County Poor Farm.’” It “is for the best interest of said County to sell said premises and purchase premesis more convenient and better adapted for “Poor Farm” purposes.” 
At the Commissioner Meeting on April 18th 1899, the board was approached with a proposition signed by twenty nine citizens of Morgan (approximately fourteen miles from Redwood Falls). The proposition stated that the village was willing to provide either “$1,000 for creation and construction of a building within one mile of town” or a “deed for forty acres.” The board passed a motion to accept the deed. 
Commissioners had a change of mind, however, apparently based on the inconvenience of overseeing a farm at a distance from the courthouse. The Morgan group protested the action, and January 2, 1900, the case went to court. District Judge B.F. Weber at New Ulm ruled for the county April 20 (Webb & Swedberg, 1964).
According to the Redwood County Historical Society (2008) the board had take possession of the land on May 1, 1899 and planted grain instead of building a poor farm. 
It can be observed by reading the Redwood County Commissioner’s financial expenses in the meeting minutes, that during the time without a poor farm those in need were either provided from in their own homes or in the homes of others in the community. For example the following lines appear in the July 8, 1907 proceedings.
The following bills were paid in full:
 William Hemminger, Three months care and board of Peter Hemminger $30.00
 A.L.A. Graves, House rent for E.J. Bunce for July 10.00
 W.T. Wilcox, Wood for Green and Birum 3.50
However, it was at this meeting in 1907 that the board passed a resolution by unanimous vote to purchase land to build a new home for the county poor. On July 24, 1907 Redwood County purchased twenty five and three quarters acres for three thousand dollars (Parker, 1907). It wasn’t until a Special Session convening on June 2, 1908 that the County Board accepted a bid of sixteen thousand four hundred fifty dollars for the construction of a county home. Here records conflict, the Spanish-style home was open for “inmates” either November 1908 or September 1909 (Webb & Swedberg, 1964; Curtiss-Wedge, 1916). Ole Bollum became the first superintendent of the site in 1912 when he moved into the home with his wife and two children (Curtiss-Wedge, 1916). “It was general practice to keep Horses, Cows, and Chickens, and carry on General Farming” including having a large garden (Willcox, H., Vice President of Redwood County Historical Society, personal communication , September 3, 1976). The home itself could house approximately ten to fifteen “inmates” (Curtiss-Wedge, 1916).
Admissions.
As with many institutions there was most likely an admission process; however, this documentation as noted above is not currently available. However, it is possible to know something about the admission processes for poorhouses from exploring the current attitudes of the era. 
The first step in the admission process was likely to be determining the eligibility of applicants as it was believed that “persons and families every way competent to provide for afflicted members of their household seek to place them under public care, as a mere riddance from disagreeable duty or personal responsibility” (Byers, 1886). The next step in the admission process would be to register an individual, recording “name, age, sex, condition, nativity, ancestry, education, civil relations, personal habits, causes, either immediate or remote, of present condition of dependence, and of anything, everything, in the history of the individual, calculated to direct as well as justify the public care” (Wyman, 1889). The third step in the admission process would be to classify the inmates to improve “personal treatment as well as …the common comfort of the household (Byers, 1886). Lastly, would be to instruct the individuals any rules of the home (Byers, 1886). 
Also identified were three things that required special attention in poorhouses: cleanliness, good order, and employment. This was due to “three things in which an average pauper delights, - dirt, disorder, and idleness” (Wright, 1889). 
Work requirements.
According the museum curator, those living at the Redwood County poor farm were required to work. The men were apparently able to find work with local farmers, and the women doing work on the poor farm itself and/or doing various jobs for other community members. The curator stated that the employment with local farmers usually became permanent employment, and that the farmer’s chicken coop would then be converted into a home for the family to move into (Hunt, A., personal communication, September 6, 2008).
Depression years.
Contrary to popular belief that the Redwood County poor farm always existed on the current acreage (55 acres), twenty five and a quarter acres were added to the property for four thousand four hundred eighty five dollars on March 8, 1932 (Barnes, 1932). However, the biggest change came in 1935. During the beginning of the Great Depression “reliefer” families were placed in a nearby mansion, which caught fire that year. The lumber from the mansion was salvaged and constructed into six cottages on the property for the families. These new buildings were small “shacks” without electricity and share a single well and pump (Webb & Swedberg, 1964). Accusations came in 1937 that the families living in the colony cottages were not impoverished and were ordered by the county commissioners to vacate the buildings by July 1 that year. The families appealed to a state relief administrator, who intervened and asked the commissioners to continue to allow the families to live at the colony as long as they paid eight dollars a month rent. The county relief officials agreed with this, but expressed a desire for the families to leave as soon as the found available homes (“Evacuation,” 1937). The few years the county poor farm spent as the county colony ended when the colony cottages were put on the auction block (Webb & Swedberg, 1964). An interesting fact is that one of the cottages on the property continues to be rented out (Bolton & Menk, Inc, 1995).
Later years.
In the fall of 1939 discussions began advocating that the home be turned into a school for girls, administrated by the Nation Youth Administration. The board approved this motion four to one on December 14, 1939, setting the date for the school to be open as January 15, 1940. There were currently fifteen “patients” in the county home. The lone dissenter, J.P. Kragh, with support from a lawyer, W.R. Werring and a local wealthy farmer, C.O. Gilfillan, was able to have the decision reversed two weeks later. In March 1940, the commissioners turned the county poor farm records over to Gilfillan, who offered to conduct a study “to get the most out of the property” at his own expense (Webb & Swedberg, 1964). His goal was that “some plan could be worked out to relieve the taxpayers of this burden to some extent and at the same time afford adequate care for the aged and unfortunates who are now county charges” (Jarchow, 1986). On July 2, 1940 Gilfillan offered to pay Redwood County eighteen hundred dollars yearly for “the care and maintenance…of bedridden inmates, old men and women and other worthy needy who are inmates” (Redwood County Commissioners, 1940). Some remodeling was done to move the county poor farm away from its function as a poor farm toward its future as a Homes for the aged, and its capacity increased to approximately thirty six people. During the time period until 1967 it was known at the Redwood County Home. At this time an elevator was added and more beds to increase the capacity to forty eight and with the new licensing requirements it became the Redwood County Nursing Home (Willcox, 1976).

</doc>
<doc id="19953393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19953393" title="Wildbacher">
Wildbacher

Wildbacher is a dark-skinned grape variety and specialty of the Styria region of Austria. It is a very old variety said to go back to the Celts, and manuscripts first record the name in the 16th century. The variety is not particularly demanding in terms of soil though it does require warm sites with sufficient aeration as it is prone to rot. The grapes tend to ripen late and yields can be inconsistent. Wines made from Wildbacher typically exhibit red berry and herbal flavors with a refreshing acidity.
Schilcher.
Schilcher is a specialty red wine from Styria made from Wildbacher grapes. Genuine Schilcher comes exclusively from West Styria although this style of wine is also made in South Styria and Southeast Styria. Schilcher wines are rosés with pale red to straw shades and true Schilchers from West Styria can be identified by the presence of a Lipizzaner stallion on the bottle or cap. Schilcher wines are light, dry and fruity with a distinctive crisp acidity and should be drunk as young as possible.
Italy.
Wildbacher is also grown in the Veneto region of northeast Italy where it is generally used as a blending component, although Tenuta Col Sandago makes a 100% Wildbacher oak-aged red wine.

</doc>
<doc id="19953396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19953396" title="Feiring">
Feiring

Feiring may refer to:
Places:
People:

</doc>
<doc id="19953407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19953407" title="George Harper (cricketer)">
George Harper (cricketer)

George Harper (born 30 August 1865) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-pace bowler who played for Lancashire. He was born in Notting Hill, London.
Harper made a single first-class appearance for the team, at the age of just 17. He batted in only one innings of the match, scoring a single run.

</doc>
<doc id="19953463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19953463" title="Macy Gray discography">
Macy Gray discography

This is a discography documenting albums and singles released by American R&B/Soul singer Macy Gray. With a career spanning nearly a decade, she has released seven studio albums, one live album, and one greatest hits album. Gray has also released 14 singles, four guest singles, and a number of music videos. She has sold over 13 million albums worldwide.
Gray is famed for her distinctive raspy voice, and a singing style heavily influenced by Billie Holiday and Betty Davis.
Gray has received five Grammy Award nominations, winning one. She has appeared in a number of films including "Training Day", "Spider-Man", "Scary Movie 3", "Lackawanna Blues", "Idlewild" and "For Colored Girls". Gray is best known for her international hit single "I Try", taken from her multi-platinum debut album "On How Life Is".

</doc>
<doc id="19953494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19953494" title="Erich Grätz">
Erich Grätz

Erich Grätz (14 August 1909 — ) was a Sturmbannführer (Major) in the Waffen-SS who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. 
He was born on the 14 August 1909 in Neusalz on the Oder, Niederschlesien.
On joining the SS he was issued the service number 247 883 and was posted to the 1st SS Division Leibstandarte SS Adolf Hitler and rose to command the 1st SS Panzer Grenadier Regiment.

</doc>
<doc id="19953509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19953509" title="Blowing Whistles">
Blowing Whistles

Blowing Whistles is a two-act theatrical play written by Matthew Todd, the current editor of the UK's best selling gay magazine "Attitude". It centers on gay culture and the difficulties it presents gay men. It had a first run in June 2005 at the Warehouse Theatre, Croydon, where it was directed by Phil Willmott. Following this it was performed at Sound Theatre off Leicester Square, London in 2006, and has since seen productions in Sydney, Melbourne, Adelaide, Fire Island (New York), Boston, Palm Springs, Fort Lauderdale, San Francisco, Toronto and Vancouver.
It returned to London transferring to the Leicester Square Theatre in 2008 in a production by Jonathan Altaras, directed by Pete Nettell who directed the Sydney production. It received overwhelmingly positive notices from such diverse publications as the gay press through to the right wing Spectator. The London "Evening Standard" compared it to Henrik Ibsen's "A Doll's House", and "The Stage" compared it to the work of Larry Kramer.
Currently in discussion for 2010 is an Australian and UK tour with a possible return to Sydney and London.
The play was also performed at the Manchester Pride Fringe Festival 2011 by local manchester theatre company Laced Banana to rave reviews. With Nigel played by Ben Rigby, Jamie by Haydn Holden and Mark by Robert Feldman. Directed by Amy Derber.
Plot.
The play follows three gay men, two in a relationship and one whom the couple meet through the gay on-line dating site Gaydar. Some issues the characters go through include commitment, immaturity, gay relationships and sexual identity.
The play is widely recognised as giving the illusion of being a light gay comedy in the first act before taking a darker, powerful turn in the second.

</doc>
<doc id="19953529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19953529" title="Coprographia">
Coprographia

Coprographia is involuntarily making vulgar writings or drawings. Coprographia comes from the Greek "κόπρος" meaning "faeces".
Related terms are coprolalia, the involuntary usage of profane words, and copropraxia, the involuntary performance of obscene gestures.

</doc>
<doc id="19953544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19953544" title="Pennsylvania state elections, 2003">
Pennsylvania state elections, 2003

Pennsylvania's state elections were held November 4, 2003. Necessary primary elections were held on May 20, 2003

</doc>
<doc id="19953605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19953605" title="XSight">
XSight

XSight is computer software developed by QSR International for qualitative data analysis (QDA). It is a tool that aids researchers or individuals who are undertaking short term qualitative research analysis on projects involving non-numerical data. Qualitative research can encompass business intelligence, marketing research or data analysis.
Description.
XSight software assists researchers or other professionals working with non-numerical or unstructured data to compile, compare and make sense of their information. It provides a range of analysis frameworks for importing, classifying and arranging data; tools for testing theories and relationships between items; and the ability to visually map and report thoughts and findings.
Designed for rapid analysis, XSight can handle small or large volumes of data and search and query tools support the review and reflection process and users can look for patterns, make comparisons, and interrogate the data in seconds.
Usage.
XSight is used predominantly by commercial market researchers, but also by professionals and students in a diverse range of areas, from health and law to telecommunications and tourism. It is useful for evaluating a variety of information to review results and draw conclusions. Some examples of uses include tracking customer satisfaction, testing an advertising campaign, researching new packaging or even evaluating information garnered in research such as community consultation projects.

</doc>
<doc id="19953609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19953609" title="Xiqun Hope Elementary School">
Xiqun Hope Elementary School

Xiqun Hope Elementary School () is a Hope Elementary School located at Longjin Village, Banqiao Township, Zhijin County, Guizhou, China. It was founded in 2003 by Grace Charity Foundation of Hong Kong and the local government.
History.
In 2003 Hong Kong philanthropists Mr. and Mrs. Mak donated ¥60,000 to Grace Charity Foundation. With another ¥60,000 of matching fund from the local government, a school was established. Construction finished in 2004. Initially there were 4 grades and 2 teachers. However, due to the lack of teachers, Grade 3 and 4 were soon abolished and students transferred to nearby schools. At the beginning of 2008, a volunteer teacher named Ning Han from Shanxi came to the school. Together with Mr. and Mrs. Chi Yong from Shenyang they steadily built the school up. In September 2008, the school has again had four grades, with facilities including a basketball court, a wall and a computer room, most of which were funded by donations.
In August 2009, another volunteer, He Guanghui, from Nanchang University joined the school.
Campus.
The school is located by a country highway, about 15 minutes by bus from Banqiao Township, and 50 minutes to Zhijin County. The school building is 2-story high, with 6 classrooms and 2 offices. A basketball court, doubling as a playground were built over the summer of 2008, thanks to the donation by philanthropists Li Guang and Xue Yungong, and a matching grant by the township government.
Staff and students.
In April 2010, there are 80 students, two local teachers and one volunteer teacher in the school.
Influence.
It is the first Hope Elementary School in China to have its own [website.
It is the only elementary school in Banqiao Township to have school uniforms.

</doc>
<doc id="19953630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19953630" title="Bhupesh Gupta">
Bhupesh Gupta

Bhupesh Gupta () (October, 1914–6 August 1981) was an Indian politician and a leader of the Communist Party of India.
Early life.
He was born at Itna in the erstwhile Mymensingh District of Bengal Province in British India. He studied at the renowned Scottish Church College of the University of Calcutta.
Later life.
He was a member of the Rajya Sabha for five terms from West Bengal, from 3 April 1952 till his death. He was reelected in 1958, 1964,1970 and 1976. He was a skilled parliamentarian. He died in Moscow on 6 August 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="19953636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19953636" title="Shivaji High School, Karwar">
Shivaji High School, Karwar

Shivaji High School is a high school in Karwar in Uttara Kannada district, Karnataka, India. It was founded with the assistance of the Konkan Maratha Education Society.

</doc>
<doc id="19953646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19953646" title="Charles Dilloway">
Charles Dilloway

Charles Dilloway (christened March 5, 1781) was an English cricketer who played for Sussex. He was born in Petworth.
Dilloway made a single first-class appearance for the team, in 1825, against Hampshire. Batting in the lower order in the same team as his brother, John, he scored 15 not out in the first innings of the match and a duck in the second innings.

</doc>
<doc id="19953647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19953647" title="John Dilloway">
John Dilloway

John Dilloway (christened November 4, 1798; died 1869) was an English cricketer who played for Sussex. He was born in Petworth.
Dilloway made a single first-class appearance for the team, in 1825, against Hampshire. Batting in the tailend in the same team as his brother, Charles, he scored 7 runs in the first innings of the match and 2 runs in the second innings.

</doc>
<doc id="19953660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19953660" title="Hilal Saeed">
Hilal Saeed

Hilal Saeed is footballer at Al-Nasr SC Dubai playing as a defender. He transferred from al fujairah football club to Al Ain FC in the summer of 2007 and played an important role in the defense line of the team during the season of that year.
Al-Ain FC.
Hilal was transferred to Al-Ain FC in 2007 and quickly won his place in the starting eleven throughout the season and had a really impressive season. Not only did Hilal had an impact on the defense, but also in the attack which he would help in on set pieces occasions due to his heading abilities. His only goal with Al-Ain FC was against fellow rivals Al-Wahda.

</doc>
<doc id="19953664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19953664" title="Jonny Double (Vertigo)">
Jonny Double (Vertigo)

Jonny Double is a comic series written by Brian Azzarello and published by the Vertigo imprint of DC Comics. The series was based on the Jonny Double character created in 1968 by Len Wein and Marv Wolfman. It was the first collaboration of Azzarello and artist Eduardo Risso, which subsequently led to a successful and longstanding pairing on "100 Bullets".
Publication history.
"Jonny Double" was published in four issues, from September 1998 to December 1998.
Plot.
Jonny Double, an aging private investigator in San Francisco with a peculiar fascination with the 1960s counterculture, is contracted by a concerned father to investigate his daughter, a girl named Faith, and report on the character of her associates. Through a series of twists and turns, Faith introduces Jonny to a seemingly fool-proof scheme to make money without hurting anyone: emptying a long-forgotten bank account once held by Al Capone. Unfortunately, unbeknownst to Double, the money in the account belongs to a local gangster named Vic Dalenozzo, who starts to murder and maim Faith and Jonny's associates. Jonny eventually discovers that Faith has been manipulating both sides all along.
Jonny decides to cut to the chase, and he brings all the money straight to Dalenozzo, where Jonny discovers that the man who originally hired him to investigate Faith was not her father at all, but Dalenozzo's main hitman. As Dalenozzo is about to have Jonny tortured to death, Jonny tells them all he knows about Faith, and Dalenozzo sends his killers after her. Dalenozzo then reveals to Jonny that he and Jonny were acquaintances during the 1960s, when Jonny knew him as "The Wave". He tells Jonny that he wants to repay him for a favor Jonny did him in the old days. There is, unfortunately, a catch.
Collected editions.
The limited series was collected into a trade paperback in 2002 (ISBN 1-56389-815-2). It is now out of print.

</doc>
<doc id="19953671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19953671" title="Hold Me (Sheila E. song)">
Hold Me (Sheila E. song)

"Hold Me" is a 1987 song by Sheila E., and the first single released from her self-titled third album. The song is an R&B ballad and was an R&B hit, peaking at #3 on the U.S. R&B charts. It was a minor hit on the "Billboard" Hot 100, peaking at #68. The song's B-side is the non-album track "The World Is High".

</doc>
<doc id="19953677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19953677" title="Pennsylvania state elections, 2001">
Pennsylvania state elections, 2001

Pennsylvania's state elections were held November 6, 2001. Necessary primary elections were held on May 15, 2001

</doc>
<doc id="19953700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19953700" title="New Age Steppers">
New Age Steppers

New Age Steppers, contracted by On-U Sound, were a collective of musicians which varied over time. The overriding sound was a heavy and chaotic dub, with an underpinning bass guitar, and substantial use of samples, often from other On-U Sound creations.
Their first release, the eponymously titled album, New Age Steppers, was the first LP to be released on On-U Sound, and as such is an important landmark for the label, and a seminal work in dub reggae.
Personnel.
Among the known personnel of the New Age Steppers were Bim Sherman, George Oban, Ari Up (of The Slits), Steve Beresford, Mark Stewart (of The Pop Group and later Mark Stewart and the Mafia), and a young Neneh Cherry, also associated at the time with Rip Rig + Panic. Bruce Smith and Keith Levene have also made contributions to the collective. Vivien Goldman, at the time a journalist with the NME, provides vocals on "Private Armies".
Discography.
"Love Forever" (2012).
Various singles and compilations were also released.

</doc>
<doc id="19953712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19953712" title="Ed Moses (artist)">
Ed Moses (artist)

Ed Moses (born April 9, 1926) is an American artist based in the Los Angeles area and considered one of the most innovative and central figures of postwar West Coast art.
Moses exhibited at the legendary Ferus Gallery in 1957 along with fellow prominent artist figures including Wallace Berman, Billy Al Bengston, Robert Irwin, Craig Kauffman, John Altoon, Larry Bell (artist) and Ed Ruscha. Over the next five decades, Moses would soar to prominence, gaining attention not only throughout Los Angeles and the United States, but internationally as well. Moses was the first to do so of his generation since John McLaughlin, Richard Diebenkorn and Sam Francis. While these artists developed a mature style, Moses has managed to resist any stylized approach and remain more experimental, playing to his curiosities by moving past what he already knows.
Biography.
Ed Moses' mother, Olivia Branco, separated from her husband, Moses' father Alphosus Lemuel Moses, shortly before he was born. Branco was Portuguese and living in Lapahoehoe, Hawaii with her husband when she became pregnant. She sailed to Long Beach, California; Moses was born on the ship on April 9, 1926, the youngest of 3 children; his brother George died before he was born. Periodically, mostly during summers, Moses would visit his father in Hawaii.
Between the ages of 8 and 9, Moses was home schooled to prevent contracting Tuberculosis. At the age of 10, his older brother Johnny (age 14) died as a result of a defective heart valve. Moses went back to school until age 17 when he dropped out to enlist in the Navy.
He was accepted into the Navy Medical Corps and served as a scrub assistant, assisting in operations at the San Diego Naval Hospital. Upon leaving the Navy in 1947 (age 22) Moses enrolled in a pre-med program at Long Beach City College. While very intelligent, Moses had poor memorization skills and as a result was not accepted into medical school in the United States.
Deciding not to become a doctor, Moses enrolled in his first art classes with eccentric Pedro Miller, a graduate from the Art Institute of Chicago. Sitting in the back and terrified of criticism from Miller, Moses would finger-paint his first still life in class while making jokes with his friends. Miller walked over to check on Moses' work and immediately declared him "a real artist".
In 1949, Moses left Long Beach City College and transferred to UCLA. Moses felt that UCLA's art department was not suited for him. He stuck it out for a year and transferred to the University of Oregon, which he quickly found too conservative. Once again, he decided to leave school. He worked odd jobs including a six-month messenger position for Twentieth Century Fox and a brief stint as a crewmember on a sardine clipper ship.
In 1953, Moses re-enrolled at UCLA. He quickly becomes friends with Craig Kauffman. It was through Kauffman that Moses met the future owner of the Ferus Gallery, Walter Hopps. To finish up his master's degree, Moses held his graduate show at the Ferus Gallery rather than on his college campus. This infuriated the faculty at UCLA. Moses would be the second artist to have a solo show at the Ferus Gallery.
Moses moved to New York in 1957 for just over a year. He rented a loft on Broad St., making him neighbors with Agnes Martin and Ellsworth Kelly. Moses began to hang around the Cedar Tavern where he met Willem de Kooning, Franz Kline, Mark Rothko and Milton Resnick. He showed at Area, the 10th Street Gallery, before returning to California where he met his future wife, Avilda Peters, at a party given by Maurice Tuchman, a curator at the Los Angeles County Museum of Art.
In 1959, Moses married Avilda Peters and together they moved to Virginia, where they had their first son, Cedd Moses, in 1960. In 1959, Moses showed at Barone Gallery (LA/NY), which was favorably reviewed by critic Dore Ashton. Shortly after, they moved to San Francisco and by 1961, they moved again to Los Angeles. Still involved with the Ferus Gallery, Moses met Larry Bell, Billy Al Bengston and American art critic John Coplans. In 1962, living in Beverly Glen, Moses' second son Andy Moses was born.
Moses joined the art faculty in 1968 at the new University of California campus at Irvine, where he taught many future professional artists including Charles Christopher Hill, Jerry Byrd, Richard Newton and Alexis Smith.
Moses had now created two separate bodies of work. His first body of work, from 1951 to 1953, began with depictions of architectural constructions. Shortly after, Moses began work on his Rose Drawings. In these works his primary focus was surface and process. He develops his ideas on non-objective art and process. Moses would continually return to process throughout his career.
In 1971, Moses began experimenting more with process and material, introducing resin into his work. In his resin/latex paintings, Moses tries to break away from the containment of the canvas. There are more layers and chaos in his works. The public adored these works and it became Moses' first venture in selling. He had a show with Riko Mizuno where his resin paintings quickly sold out. Despite this success, however, Moses stopped using resin because of its toxicity. Regardless, his element of surprise remains important. The idea of process remains his focus as opposed to the finished product.
In the early 1970s, shortly after his show with Riko Mizuno, Moses had his first large commission at the Walker Museum in Minneapolis, for a 8 × 12resin painting. Later, a show is offered to him at Sonnabend Gallery in New York. At the last minute, after much debate ending with his refusal to sign a contract, Sonnabend Gallery would not show his work; later he showed the paintings with Ronald Feldman's gallery where the show sold out.
During this time Moses began introducing the diagonal grid into his work. Never a believer in change, the mutations in his paintings come from the work preceding. The discoveries and the journey are what remain most important to Moses.
In 1973, Moses had his first show with Nick Wilder and in 1974, he had with Andre Emmerich Gallery in New York. It is after this show that famed art critic Clement Greenberg dubs Moses "a player". During this time, Moses also became close with artist James Hayward. He began working on his monochrome paintings and in 1977 sold out a show at Margo Leavin Gallery in Los Angeles. Moses produces more monochrome paintings for Margo Leavin. Leavin refused to let Moses show his works with anyone else and shortly after Moses pulled out of the deal. As a result, these paintings were later shown at James Corcoran's gallery.
In 1980, Moses received a Guggenheim Fellowship. Moses began working with Peter Goulds at L.A. Louver. He remained with Goulds for the next 15 years. He began attaching panels of different size to create larger works. Around 1987, diagonal grids were reintroduced. This time, however, diagonals are loose squiggles or "worms".
During the 1990s, his paintings became even more loose but remained grid-based and non-objective. In the early 1990s, Moses began to experiment with materials that would resist each other. By the late 1990s, he began changing materials again. He started using new tools to drag and layer is paint. From this point on, the grid was relevant only in that it underlay the composition oriented to the rectangle. In 1996, Moses' paintings were documented in a major retrospective exhibition at MOCA (Museum of Contemporary Art), Los Angeles.
Moses' most recent paintings are a large multi-panel "Waterfall Series" containing specs of glitter and brilliant, fluorescent colors and the smokey atmospheric paintings of his "Sumo Series". These contain elements spray painted through netting and stencils, layered on top of one another.

</doc>
<doc id="19953720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19953720" title="Les Lions sont lâchés">
Les Lions sont lâchés

Les Lions sont lâchés (US title: "The Lions Are Loose") is a 1961 French comedy film directed by Henri Verneuil, and written by France Roche and Michel Audiard (dialogue). The music score was by Georges Garvarentz and the cinematography by Christian Matras.
It tells the story of three women living in Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="19953727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19953727" title="Walter Devereux, 5th Viscount Hereford">
Walter Devereux, 5th Viscount Hereford

Sir Walter Devereux (1578ca. 1658) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1614 and 1624 and became the 5th Viscount Hereford, a peer in the peerage of England.
Devereux was the son of Sir Edward Devereux, 1st Baronet of Castle Bromwich Hall and his wife Catherine (née Arden) Devereux and the grandson of Walter Devereux, 1st Viscount Hereford. He succeeded his father in 1622 as 2nd Baronet and succeeded his first cousin twice removed, Robert Devereux, 3rd Earl of Essex in 1646 as the 5th Viscount Hereford.
He was elected Member of Parliament (MP) for Stafford in 1614. In 1621 he was elected MP for Marlborough, in 1624 MP for Worcestershire and in 1625 MP for Worcester. He served as High Sheriff of Worcestershire in 1625.
When Robert Devereux, 3rd Earl of Essex died in 1646, Devereux inherited his Hereford Viscountcy, but not the Earldom of Essex, which became extinct. He was named by the Lords as Lord Lieutenant of Monmouthshire in 1646 and a member of the Radnorshire militia committee in 1648.
Devereux married twice, firstly, Elizabeth Baspole, daughter of Robert Baspole and secondly, Elizabeth Knightley, daughter of Thomas Knightley. With the latter he had three sons:

</doc>
<doc id="19953729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19953729" title="Tlacote el Bajo">
Tlacote el Bajo

Tlacote el Bajo is a village in Querétaro, Mexico. It is located in the municipality of Querétaro. It has 5453 inhabitants, and is located at 1850 meters above sea level. It is famous for its allegedly miraculous water springs, which were visited by many celebrities, including NBA player Magic Johnson. 

</doc>
<doc id="19953733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19953733" title="Five in a Row">
Five in a Row

Five in a Row may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="19953759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19953759" title="SA Sports Illustrated">
SA Sports Illustrated

SA Sports Illustrated was a South African sports magazine published in print monthly.
The popular South African sporting periodical was founded in 1986. It was edited variously by Robert Houwing, Peter Davies and Steve Smith and focused primarily on cricket, rugby and football, South Africa's top three sporting codes.
The Swimwear edition was a popular brand extension and featured some of South Africa's top female models.
In December 2012, it was reported that the owner Media24 had decided to close the magazine as a result of declining revenue and circulation figures. 

</doc>
<doc id="19953771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19953771" title="Victorian Wader Study Group">
Victorian Wader Study Group

The Victorian Wader Study Group (VWSG) is an Australian non-profit, volunteer, ornithological fieldwork group that gathers biometric and other data on waders and terns, mainly through regular catches of large samples of several species by cannon-netting at sites along the coast of Victoria.
History.
The origins of the VWSG go back to 1975 when Dr David Robertson and others started mist-netting waders at night. The first place they tried was in the Cheetham Salt Works at Altona, though better results were obtained later at a coastal site adjacent to the Werribee Sewage Farm, near the town of Werribee, 30 km south-west of Melbourne on Port Phillip.
In 1978 the group was joined by Dr Clive Minton, who had been a pioneer in the development of cannon-netting in Britain as a means of catching large numbers of waders and waterfowl for banding and demographic studies. Minton introduced the technique to the group, with the first cannon-net catch being made at Werribee on 31 December 1978. Thereafter, although the group continued to use mist-netting occasionally for a few years, cannon-netting became the principal method used for catching waders.
At first operating under the aegis of the Victorian Ornithological Research Group, the VWSG was formally established as an independent body in 1979, with David Robertson and Clive Minton elected as co-convenors. Since 1981 it has had a close relationship with the Australasian Wader Studies Group (AWSG), a special interest group of Birds Australia. The VWSG was incorporated in Victoria in 1987. The group’s mission is to " …gather, through extensive planned fieldwork programs, comprehensive data on waders and terns throughout Victoria on a long-term basis. This scientifically collected information is intended to form a factual base for conservation considerations, to be a source of information for education of a wider audience, to be a means of generating interest of the general community in environmental and conservation issues, and so be a major contribution to Australian, Flyway and Worldwide knowledge of waders and terns." The VWSG has a membership of about 150, mainly based in Melbourne, and publishes an annual bulletin. As well as conducting fieldwork, it has constructed cannon-nets for, and lent equipment to, other organisations in Australia to encourage more widespread research on waders. It also assists government agencies monitoring migratory birds as potential disease vectors for avian influenza.
Fieldwork.
As well as Werribee, a site which has become relatively less important over the years, the principal regular fieldwork areas of the VWSG include Swan Bay, Western Port, Anderson Inlet and Corner Inlet. Annual visits are made to Mud Islands in Port Phillip, south-eastern South Australia and King Island, Tasmania, as well as occasionally elsewhere. VWSG equipment and members usually form the core of the almost annual expeditions of the AWSG to north-west Western Australia.
The average number of cannon-netting catches made by the VWSG is over 40 a year, with an average annual total of over 7000 waders processed. Principal species caught are Red-necked Stint, Curlew Sandpiper, Sharp-tailed Sandpiper, Red Knot, Sanderling, Double-banded Plover, Bar-tailed Godwit, Ruddy Turnstone, Pied Oystercatcher and Sooty Oystercatcher. The main tern species studied are Crested and Caspian Terns, with other species studied opportunistically.
Conservation.
Victoria lies at the southern end of the East Asian - Australasian Flyway, and the migratory waders that visit its shores breed in northern Asia and Alaska, passing through the densely populated and rapidly developing regions of eastern and south-eastern Asia on their journeys twice a year. Over the years the VWSG has been operating, the emphasis of fieldwork has evolved from simply obtaining biometric and moult data to understand the biology of the birds, to obtaining information on breeding success and survival rates to understand and monitor population levels in the flyway. Most migratory waders caught by the VWSG are fitted with colour-coded plastic leg-flags in a flyway-based program to determine the exact routes and staging areas used by the birds on migration. The group is also assisting with the satellite tracking of larger waders.

</doc>
<doc id="19953773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19953773" title="Lawrence Chola Katilunga">
Lawrence Chola Katilunga

Lawrence Chola Katilunga (February 1914 - 9 November 1961) (sometimes written Katilungu) was a Northern Rhodesian trade union leader. Katilungu was the first President of the African Mineworkers' Union. 
Biography.
Katilungu was born in February 1914 in the Northern Province of Northern Rhodesia, the grandson of a minor chief in the Bemba tribe. He initially worked as a mission teacher, before becoming an underground worker at the Nkana mine in 1936, later promoted to recruiting clerk. Katilungu first came to prominence in 1940 as a leader of striking African mineworkers at Nkana. In February 1948, he was elected President of the newly formed Nkana union. In March 1949 all the African miners' unions in Northern Rhodesia, including Nkana, amalgamated to form the African Mineworkers' Union, and Katilungu became president. In 1952, he led a successful strike to gain a wage increase of a half-crown per day for African workers.
Katilunga was selected as a member of the 26-member Advisory Commission on Central Africa, set up by the British government in 1959 to prepare the 1960 conference to review the Constitution of the Federation of Rhodesia and Nyasaland.

</doc>
<doc id="19953783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19953783" title="USS Wailaki (YTB-706)">
USS Wailaki (YTB-706)

USS "Wailaki" (YTB-706) was a large yard tug proposed for the United States Navy that was not built.
"Wailaki" was a "Hisada"-class large yard tug slated to be built at Terminal Island, San Pedro, California, by the Bethlehem Steel Company, but the contract for her construction was cancelled on 29 August 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="19953784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19953784" title="Hugh Vaughan-Thomas">
Hugh Vaughan-Thomas

Hugh Vaughan-Thomas (13 May 1910 — 20 October 1986) was a Welsh cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman who played for Glamorgan.
Vaughan-Thomas, who as well as excelling at cricket, was a talented hockey and tennis player, made his only first-class appearance in 1933, against Gloucestershire. He scored just two runs in the only innings in which he batted.

</doc>
<doc id="19953785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19953785" title="Kevin O'Brien (director)">
Kevin O'Brien (director)

Kevin O'Brien is an American director and storyboard artist. He is best known for his work on "The Simpsons", where he has collaborated on 35 episodes in the storyboard department, and on "Futurama", having worked on four episodes as a storyboard artist and one as a director ("My Three Suns"). Recently he has worked on Pixar films "Ratatouille" and "WALL-E".
In 2005 he won an Annie Award for "Storyboarding in an Animated Feature Production" for "The Incredibles".

</doc>
<doc id="19953787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19953787" title="Alf Shea">
Alf Shea

Alf Shea (November 7, 1898 — May 21, 1969) was a Welsh cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-pace bowler who played for Glamorgan. He was born in Briton Ferry and died in Neath.
Shea played his club cricket with Briton Ferry, and secured his chance to play two games for Glamorgan in 1928. He scored 22 runs in three innings and took just one wicket from 41 overs of bowling.
Shea's nephew, Dennis, made three first-class appearances for Glamorgan soon after the end of the Second World War.

</doc>
<doc id="19953789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19953789" title="Cop Hater (film)">
Cop Hater (film)

Cop Hater is a 1958 American police procedural film, based on the 1956 novel "Cop Hater" by Ed McBain, the first in a series of books about the 87th Precinct in New York City. The film was produced and directed by William Berke, written by Henry Kane, and stars Robert Loggia and Gerald S. O'Loughlin.
Plot.
During an intense summer heat wave in New York City, two cops are murdered and it's up to the detectives of the 87th Precinct to find the killer. Steve Carelli (Robert Loggia) and Mike Maguire (Gerald S. O'Loughlin) are the lead investigators on the case, but they can't seem to make any progress, and their work is made more difficult by a reporter, Hank Miller (Gene Miller), who keeps sticking his nose in. The two cops try to keep their personal lives separate from their work, but it keeps bleeding through. When Maguire is shot and killed, Carelli has to comfort his partner's sexpot wife Alice (Shirley Ballard), and then goes on a bender with the reporter, inadvertently revealing his suspicions about the case, and putting his girlfriend Teddy, a deaf-mute author (Ellen Parker), in jeopardy. When a hood (Hal Riddle) shows up at her apartment, Carelli overpowers him and forces a confession: he killed all the cops, but Maguire had been the intended victim all along, as his wife wanted him out of the way.
Cast.
Cast notes:

</doc>
<doc id="19953801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19953801" title="Debora Spar">
Debora Spar

Debora L. Spar is the current President of Barnard College, a liberal arts college for women affiliated with Columbia University. As President of Barnard, she is also an academic dean within the university. Spar was appointed Barnard's 7th president in July 2008 and replaced Judith Shapiro, Barnard's 6th president, after a teaching career at Harvard Business School where she was Professor of Business Administration and Senior Associate Dean for Faculty Research and Development. After graduating magna cum laude in 1984 from the Georgetown University School of Foreign Service and earning her doctorate from Harvard in government, she went on to write 6 books and many articles.
Leadership.
During her inaugural address on October 23, 2008, Spar cited a number of goals for her term as President of Barnard College. Paramount were her desire to make Barnard a more internationally-recognized institution for women, as well as expand and improve the current Barnard Leadership Initiative (BLI). She followed up on this goal by converting BLI into Barnard's Athena Center for Leadership Studies. 
Spar has also been a member of the Board of Directors of American investment bank Goldman Sachs since June 2011.
Spar also was quoted on Augusta not admitting women as saying "It's just an embarrassment that it's still all male".
Research and Academic interests.
Spar has written about the economics of the human fertility industry and the evolution of the Internet.
She has appeared on 60 Minutes, The News Hour with Jim Lehrer, ABC World News Tonight, and in many newspapers and magazines. Her own articles have appeared in publications ranging from The New England Journal of Medicine to Foreign Affairs to The Review of International Political Economy.
In 2001, she wrote an article called "Why the Internet Doesn't Change Everything" which described the distinctive nature of the internet industry. Her penultimate book, "The Baby Business: How Money, Science and Politics Drive the Commerce of Conception", pioneered research about the economy of alternative fertility. Spar was the first academic to mention fertility as a transaction through a business framework.
In various interviews online, Spar said that when she picked up the research topic of fertility through an economic lens, her colleagues did not take her seriously and called her soft. She followed up in 2006 with a book named "The Hidden Market for Babies."
Spar has also written about AIDS, African economics, the global economy, the balance of power, and terrorism.
A leading figure in business academics, Spar also ran Making Markets Work, joint program between Harvard Business School and the University of Pretoria Gordon Institute of Business Science. The course in South Africa teaches about the interconnection of the public and private sectors' effects on economic growth. Spar also spearheaded the initiative in Rwanda, where cabinet members learned about executive education.

</doc>
<doc id="19953804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19953804" title="Max Hansen (disambiguation)">
Max Hansen (disambiguation)

Max Hansen (1908–1990) was a Standartenführer Commander in the 1st SS Panzer Grenadier Regiment
Max Hansen may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19953847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19953847" title="Christian Suárez">
Christian Suárez

Christian Andrés Suárez Valencia (born November 2, 1985 in Guayaquil) is an Ecuadorian footballer currently playing for Barcelona of the Ecuadorian Serie A. 
Club career.
Suárez began his career with Deportivo Azogues in the Serie A of Ecuador. After his performances with the team, he soon got the attention of many clubs especially LDU Quito.
In 2008, Suárez transferred to LDU Quito as part of the squad who won the Copa Libertadores. Unfortunately, Suárez had little playing time and was only used as a substitute.
In 2009, Suárez joined Olmedo. He played regularly for the team as an attacking midfielder and set his teammates up to score goals. He finished the season with 10 impressive goals which made Olmedo take their option to buy him permanently. 
In 2010, Suárez was loaned to El Nacional. He started the season as first choice striker where he didn't disappoint and became one of the league's top scorers. He ended the season with 12 goals.
Club Necaxa.
On December 14, 2010 Christian Suárez completed his transfer to Necaxa of Mexico, same club where legendary Ecuadorian midfielder, Alex Aguinaga, played. He scored his first goals coming in a game against Toluca in which he scored twice to give Necaxa a 2–3 victory.
Santos Laguna
Santos Laguna.
In May 2011, Suárez joined Santos Laguna of the Primera División Mexicana after Necaxa was relegated. Suárez occupied the extracomunitary player placer left by his compatriot Christian Benítez, who joined Club América.
Suarez reached the Apertura 2011 League Final but came in second place to Tigres. After scoring 5 goals in the 2011–12 CONCACAF Champions League, Suarez again lost the final, this time to Club de Futbol Monterrey. After reaching his third final in Mexican football, Suarez won his first title with Santos Laguna, winning the Apertura 2012, against Monterrey.
International career.
Suárez was called up on October 12, 2010 to play against Poland. He scored his first international goal in a 2–0 friendly win versus Costa Rica on August 10, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19953898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19953898" title="USS Wakonda (YTB-528)">
USS Wakonda (YTB-528)

USS "Wakonda" (YTB-528) was a large yard tug proposed for the United States Navy that was not built.
"Wakonda" was a "Hisada"-class large yard tug slated to be built at Jacksonville, Florida, by the Gibbs Gas Engine Company, but the contract for her construction was cancelled in October 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="19953923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19953923" title="Kerry O'Quinn">
Kerry O'Quinn

Kerry O'Quinn is a writer, magazine publisher, director and producer, most noted for the creation of "Starlog", "Fangoria", "Cinemagic", "Future Life" and "Comics Scene" magazines.
Career.
O'Quinn was a publisher for "Future Life" magazine during the 1980s.
O'Quinn produced the "Star Trek" 20th Anniversary Convention, the "Star Wars" 10th Anniversary Convention, and the Starlog 20th Anniversary Convention. 
In 2009, an award was named after him, the O'Quinn Award, which recognizes "exceptional achievement in the art and craft of the horror film field." O'Quinn himself was the first recipient of the award.
Personal life.
O'Quinn currently lives in Los Angeles, California. In his early years in New York he was friends with the novelist Ayn Rand, along with numerous individuals from Rand's circle, including Nathaniel Branden and Barbara Branden.

</doc>
<doc id="19953930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19953930" title="Tang Da Wu">
Tang Da Wu

Tang Da Wu (, ; born 1943) is a Singaporean artist who works in a variety of media, including drawing, painting, sculpture, installation art and performance art. Educated at Birmingham Polytechnic and Goldsmiths' College, University of London, Tang gave his first solo exhibition, consisting of drawings and paintings, in 1970 at the Singapore Chinese Chamber of Commerce and Industry. He began engaging in performance art upon returning to Singapore in 1979 following his undergraduate studies.
In 1988, Tang founded The Artists Village. The first art colony to be established in Singapore, it aimed to encourage artists to create experimental art. Members of the Village were among the first contemporary artists in Singapore, and also among the first to begin practising installation art and performance art. There, Tang mentored younger artists and informed them about artistic developments in other parts of the world. He also organized exhibitions and symposia at the Village, and arranged for it to collaborate with the National Museum Art Gallery and the National Arts Council's 1992 Singapore Festival of the Arts.
In January 1994, the National Arts Council (NAC) stopped funding unscripted performance art following a controversial performance by Josef Ng that was regarded as obscene by many members of the public. From that time, Tang and other performance artists mostly practised their art abroad, although some performances were presented in Singapore as dance or theatre. For his originality and influence in performance art in Southeast Asia, among other things, Tang won the Arts and Culture Prize in 1999 at the 10th Fukuoka Asian Culture Prizes. The NAC eventually reversed its no-funding rule on performance art in September 2003. Tang was one of four artists who represented Singapore at the 2007 Venice Biennale.
Tang has expressed concern about environmental and social issues through his art, such as the works "They Poach the Rhino, Chop Off His Horn and Make This Drink" (1989) and "Tiger's Whip" (1991). He believes in the potential of the individual and collective to effect social changes, and his art deals with national and cultural identities. Tang has participated in numerous community and public art projects, workshops and performances.
Education and personal life.
Tang Da Wu was born Thang Kian Hiong in Singapore in 1943, the eldest of four sons. His second brother Thang Kiang How is himself a visual artist based in Singapore. His father was a journalist with the Chinese daily newspaper "Sin Chew Jit Poh". He studied at a Chinese-medium school, but disliked English and mathematics and was often scolded by his teachers. He preferred playing after school with neighbourhood children and learned the Malay language and Chinese dialects from them. He also enjoyed drawing, and gained confidence when his secondary school paintings were accepted in art competitions.
In 1968, Tang was awarded a diploma in youth and community works from the National Youth Leadership Institute. Two years later, in 1970, his first solo exhibition of drawings and paintings sponsored by the Singapore Art Society was staged at the Singapore Chinese Chamber of Commerce and Industry. Subsequently, he went to the United Kingdom to study, majoring in sculpture. He graduated with a Bachelor of Fine Arts (BFA), with first class honours, from the School of Fine Art, Birmingham Polytechnic, in 1974. While abroad he changed his name to Da Wu, which is Mandarin for "big mist". Tang later returned to the UK and attended advanced courses at the Saint Martins School of Art. He received a Master of Fine Arts (MFA) in 1985 from Goldsmiths' College, University of London, and a doctorate in 1988.
Tang is married to an Englishwoman, Hazel McIntosh. They have a son, Ben Zai, known professionally as Zai Tang, who is a sound artist living in the UK.
Career.
Early career and founding of The Artists Village.
Returning to Singapore in 1979 after completing his undergraduate studies, Tang engaged in performance art, works of art that are composed of actions performed by the artist at a certain place and time. The following year, he staged a work of installation art called "Earthworks" at the National Museum Art Gallery. This comprised two works, "The Product of the Sun and Me" and "The Product of the Rain and Me", which were made up of dishes of earth, lumps of soil, and pieces of soiled and water-stained linen which he had hung in gullies at Ang Mo Kio, a construction site in the process of being turned into a public housing estate. Installation art uses sculptural materials, and sometimes other media such as sound, video and performance, to modify the way a particular space is experienced.
In 1988, Tang founded The Artists Village, originally located at 61B Lorong Gambas in rural Ulu Sembawang, in the north part of Singapore. The first art colony to be established in Singapore, its goal was to inspire artists to create experimental art. Tang described the Artists Village as:
T.K. Sabapathy noted: "The Village was a beacon, and Da Wu both a catalyst and mentor." Among the artists who moved to the Village were Ahmad Mashadi, Faizal Fadil, Amanda Heng, Ho Soon Yeen, Lim Poh Teck, Tang Mun Kit, Wong Shih Yaw, Julian Yasin and Zai Kuning. They were among the first contemporary artists in Singapore, and also among the first to begin practising installation art and performance art. Tang mentored younger artists and exposed them to artistic developments in other parts of the world. He also organized exhibitions and symposia at the Village, and arranged for collaborations with the National Museum Art Gallery and the National Arts Council's 1992 Singapore Festival of the Arts. Although The Artists Village lost its original site in 1990 due to land development, it was registered as a non-profit society in February 1992 and now stages events in various public spaces.
Difficulties with performance art.
In January 1994, artist Josef Ng cut off his pubic hair with his back to the audience during a performance protesting the media's coverage of gay issues. The event was reported by "The New Paper", and the resulting public outcry over its perceived obscenity led the National Arts Council (NAC) to cease funding unscripted performance art. After that, Tang and other performance artists practised their art mostly abroad, although some performances were presented in Singapore as dance or theatre. Interviewed in August 2001, T. Sasitharan, co-director of the Practice Performing Arts School, said that a review of the NAC's policy was "long overdue" and noted that although Tang had received the Fukuoka Asian Culture Prize in 1999, "the art form he practises is de facto banned in Singapore". The NAC eventually reversed its no-funding rule on performance art in September 2003.
In August 1995, the President of Singapore Ong Teng Cheong visited Singapore Art '95, an exhibition and sale of artworks by Singapore artists. Tang wore a black jacket emblazoned on the back with "Don't give money to the arts" in yellow and handed a note to the President that read, "I am an artist. I am important." Although Tang was prevented from speaking to the President by an aide-de-camp, he later told the media he wished to tell the President that artists are important and that public money funded the "wrong kind of art", art that was too commercial and had no taste.
Recent activities.
Tang was the subject of one episode of artist Ho Tzu Nyen's documentary television series "4x4 Episodes of Singapore Art", which was broadcast on Arts Central in October 2005. He was also one of the four artists representing Singapore at the 2007 Venice Biennale. He presented an installation, "Untitled", consisting of two beds positioned upright, the trunks of plantain trees, a portable ancestral altar, a handmade album of drawings and photographs, and other found objects. Drawings of people and faces were strapped to the beds and wrapped around the tree trunks. The installation was accompanied by a recording by Tang's son, Zai Tang, of sounds captured in Venice during a single day. The work was described by the National Arts Council as suggestive of "the restlessness, rootlessness, spiritual wandering and emotional estrangement that mark the travelling life". In 2007, a work by Tang consisting of ink paintings around a well, and representing the erosion of village communities by urban development, was acquired by the Queensland Art Gallery for its Gallery of Modern Art.
Known for his reticence, Tang remains an enigmatic person. In an August 2008 interview with the "Straits Times", fellow artist Vincent Leow said of Tang: "He's a very hands-on person, very improvisational and has good ideas. But he doesn't really talk much. You can't really tell who he is."
Art.
Tang has expressed concern about environmental and social issues through his art, such as the works "They Poach the Rhino, Chop Off His Horn and Make This Drink" (1989), "Under the Table All Going One Direction" (1992) and "Tiger's Whip". He first presented the latter work, an installation and performance piece, in 1991 in Singapore's Chinatown. It consisted of ten life-sized tigers made from wire mesh covered with white linen. Tang, wearing a sleeveless white garment, dragged one of the tigers behind him. A modified version of the installation is in the Singapore Art Museum. It features a tiger with its front paws resting on the back of a rocking chair, which is draped with a piece of red cloth and with a phallus painted on it in red. The work highlights how the tiger is being hunted to extinction for its penis, which some Chinese believe has aphrodisiac qualities. In February 1995, the Museum chose "Tiger's Whip" to represent Singapore at the Africus International Biennale in Johannesburg, South Africa. Another of Tang's works in the Singapore Art Museum is an untitled sculpture often called "Axe" (1991), which is an axe with a plant growing out of its wooden handle. It is regarded as an early example of found art in Singapore.
A focus of Tang's art is the theme of national and cultural identities, "I Was Born Japanese" (1995) being an example. Tang notes that he has had four nationalities. He was issued with a Japanese birth certificate as he was born during the Japanese Occupation of Singapore. He became a British national after World War II, a Malaysian citizen when Singapore joined the Federation of Malaysia in 1963, and a Singaporean citizen when Singapore gained full independence in 1965. While living in the UK he was conscious of his Chinese identity, but later on he took the view that he might not be fully Chinese since China had been occupied by the Mongols and Manchurians: "I'm not sure if I'm 100% Chinese blood. I'm sure my ancestor has got mixture of Mongolian and even Thai and Miao people . We are all mixed, and this is true. But I always like to think that there is only one race in the world. We are all one human race." Another of Tang's performances, "Jantung Pisang – Heart of a Tree, Heart of a People", centres around the banana tree. He was inspired by the fact that the banana is used widely in Southeast Asia as an offering to bring blessings, but is also feared as it is associated with ghosts and spirits. He also sees banana trees as a reminder of the lack of democracy in certain parts of the world: "Democracy in many Asian countries and Third World countries is as shallow as the roots of a banana tree. We need to deepen ."
Tang has participated in numerous community and public art projects, workshops and performances, as he believes in the potential of the individual and collective to effect social changes. He has said: "An artist should introduce to others what he sees and learns of something. His works should provoke thoughts, not to please the eyes or to entertain, much less for decoration."
Awards.
Tang received a Singapore International Foundation art grant to participate in the International Art Symposium in Meiho, Japan, in October 1994. In March the following year, he received a trophy and S$20,000 from the Japanese Chamber of Commerce and Industry Foundation. For his originality and influence in performance art in Southeast Asia, among other contributions, Tang won the Arts and Culture Prize in 1999 at the 10th Fukuoka Asian Culture Prizes which were established by Fukuoka and Yokatopia Foundation to honour outstanding work of individuals or organizations to preserve and create the unique and diverse culture of Asia.
Major exhibitions and performances.
Some of the information in the table above was obtained from .

</doc>
<doc id="19953974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19953974" title="Three Faces of Sin">
Three Faces of Sin

Three Faces of Sin () is a 1961 French language motion picture comedy directed by François Villiers, based on novel by Jean-Jaques Gauthier. The music score is by Maurice Jarre. The film stars Michèle Morgan, Jean-Claude Brialy, Catherine Spaak and Scilla Gabel.
It tells the story of a painter who parts from his mistress and marries her daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="19953977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19953977" title="Dalgleish Report">
Dalgleish Report

The Dalgleish Report was a governmental report produced by the Dalgleish Commission, a commission of inquiry established in 1947 to investigate industrial relations in the mining industry of Northern Rhodesia, and possible reforms to the industrial colour bar, a system of segregation which reserved certain occupations for European mineworkers.
History.
It was decided to establish a commission of inquiry into the position of African mineworkers in Northern Rhodesia at a Colonial Office conference held in June 1946, attended by members of the Legislative Council. Such a inquiry was one of the recommendations of the previous Forster Commission, which investigated the violence following the 1940 Northern Rhodesian African Mineworkers' Strike. The Commission was to be chaired by Andrew Dalgleish, a British trade unionist, who had also sat on the Forster Commission. Two other independent commissioners were appointed: James Kelly, of the British National Union of Mineworkers, and H. O. Smith, a Director of Imperial Chemical Industries.
In 1952, Lawrence Katilunga of the African Mineworkers' Union explained the link between the conclusions of the Dalgleish Report and his union's negotiating stand: 
"The Dalgleish Report is still on the shelf and we want it taken down and implemented. Until that happens, we are goint to press for more and more pay increases. In the end the companies will be compelled to let Africans operate more machines and do more skilled work. otherwise they will simply have to pay us high wages for low-skilled work. It's up to them."

</doc>
<doc id="19953985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19953985" title="Pedro Larrea">
Pedro Larrea

Pedro Sebastián Larrea Arellano (born May 21, 1986 in Loja) is an Ecuadorian footballer. He currently plays for LDU Loja.
Club career.
Larrea has always played for LDU Quito. He plays as a central midfielder and was often used as a starter whenever Patricio Urrutia can't play. He played in the Copa Sudamericana 2008 as a replacement for Urrutia against Boca Juniors. Liga went on to lose to them 5-1 aggregate.
In the 2008 FIFA Club World Cup, Larrea made two substitute appearances. In the semi-final encounter with Pachuca, he came on in the last two minutes of the game. He provided an assist for Reinaldo Navia but Navia could not score the goal. He also came on in the last minutes of the final. 
In 2009, Larrea began having a more starting role in the squad. He scored his first goal in a 1–1 tie against Emelec in the Ecuadorian Copa Credife. The impressive goal was made from 30 meters out and was named the goal of the week by Ecuadorian newspaper El Comercio.
Titles.
LDU Quito

</doc>
<doc id="19954012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954012" title="Deadmau5 discography">
Deadmau5 discography

The following is a comprehensive discography of Deadmau5, a Canadian electronic dance musician.

</doc>
<doc id="19954049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954049" title="The Attic Door">
The Attic Door

The Attic Door is a 2009 dramatic psychological thriller and the first feature length film by director/writer Danny Daneau, Produced by Erica Harrell, The film was acquired by New Video and is now available for rent or download through various streaming sites.
Production.
The western themed film was shot at various locations in Utah. The film completed post production in the summer of 2009.
Synopsis.
Set in the turn of the century American West, a young brother and sister must confront their greatest fear in a haunting and romantic story about growing up.
Plot.
In "The Attic Door", two siblings, a brother and sister, are left alone in a far-flung and desolate area of the American Old West. Every day, the siblings endeavor to maintain the family farm, apprehensively waiting for their parents' return. Having no place to escape to, the brother and sister discover that they are not completely alone on their farm. They repudiate the truth that something behind their attic door is now awake but must now face brave their greatest fear. "The Attic Door" is a story of the "love, loss, loneliness, and the truth behind childhood fears."

</doc>
<doc id="19954099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954099" title="Shriram Group">
Shriram Group

Shriram Group is a financial services conglomerate founded on April 5, 1974 by R. Thyagarajan, AVS Raja and T. Jayaraman. They have their headquarters in Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India. The group had its beginning in chit funds business and later on entered the lending business in a big way through Shriram Transport Finance (Commercial Vehicle Finance) and Shriram City Union Finance (Consumer and MSME Finance).R. Thyagarajan also won padma bhushan award in 2013

</doc>
<doc id="19954104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954104" title="Jimmy Carter judicial appointment controversies">
Jimmy Carter judicial appointment controversies

During President Jimmy Carter's presidency, he nominated four people for four different federal appellate judgeships who were not processed by the Democratic-controlled Senate Judiciary Committee before Carter's presidency ended. None of the four nominees were renominated by Carter's successor, President Ronald Reagan. Three of the nominees who were not processed (Eugene Nickerson, Nicholas Bua and Howard F. Sachs) were nominated after July 1, 1980, the traditional start date of the unofficial Thurmond Rule during a presidential election year. All four seats eventually were filled by appointees of President Ronald Reagan.
The four nominees were blocked in committee; no committee hearings ever were held for any of the three. The nominees were held up at the same time that in an unprecedented move, the Senate chose to take up Carter's November 13, 1980 nomination—after he already had lost the 1980 presidential election to Ronald Reagan -- of Stephen Breyer to an appellate judgeship on the United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit. The Senate wound up confirming Breyer (whom President Bill Clinton appointed to the United States Supreme Court in 1994) during the lame-duck session of the 96th Congress the following month. (Breyer's appellate court confirmation in 1980, which was the result of support from both Democrats and Republicans on the Senate Judiciary Committee, often is cited as evidence disproving the existence of the Thurmond Rule.)
During his presidency, Carter also nominated 16 people for 15 different federal district judgeships who were never confirmed by the United States Senate.
Others who were considered for nomination.
In 1978 or 1979, Carter strongly and publicly had considered nominating Joan Krauskopf, then a law professor at the University of Missouri, to a newly created seat on the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. However, Krauskopf received a "not qualified" rating from the American Bar Association because of an alleged lack of judicial experience. A White House staffer disputed that assertion, noting that the judges on the Eighth Circuit felt Krauskopf's teaching responsibilities had give her the requisite experience to handle the job, and that Krauskopf was thought by some in the ABA to be too liberal. Despite support for her candidacy by Missouri Sen. Thomas Eagleton, Carter himself, on the recommendation of his attorney general, Griffin Bell, made the decision not to proceed with Krauskopf's nomination. Ultimately, Carter wound up nominating Richard S. Arnold to the seat in late 1979; he was confirmed in 1980.
Unconfirmed district court nominees.
During his presidency, Carter nominated 16 people for 15 different federal district judgeships to federal district courts who never were confirmed by the U.S. Senate. Like the appellate court nominations mentioned above, many of these nominees were blocked by Republicans. One, however, was not confirmed because he died while his nomination was pending.
Of the 15 federal district judgeship vacancies in question, three eventually were filled with different Carter nominees and 12 were filled by nominees of President Ronald Reagan. Of Carter's 16 failed district court nominees, four, I. Leo Glasser, John E. Sprizzo, James Parker Jones and Ralph Wilson Nimmons, Jr., subsequently were nominated by Presidents Ronald Reagan, George H. W. Bush or Bill Clinton to federal district judgeships. Also, another of the 16, Walter Meheula Heen, was given a recess appointment to his district judgeship by Carter and as a result served as a federal judge for close to a year into the presidency of Reagan, who chose not to renominate and seek a full Senate vote on Heen.
The failed Carter district court nominees:

</doc>
<doc id="19954140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954140" title="Loving Frank">
Loving Frank

Loving Frank is an American novel by Nancy Horan published in 2007. It tells the story of Mamah Borthwick and her illicit love affair with Frank Lloyd Wright amidst the public shame they experienced in early twentieth century America. This fictional account told from a new perspective, that of little known Mamah, is based on research conducted by first time novelist, Nancy Horan. It relates events in Mamah’s life as it became inextricably intertwined with that of Wright between the years of 1907 through 1914. By following the artistic aspirations and travels of the two main protagonists, the novel sheds light on the social mores of the times in the U.S. and Europe.
Plot summary.
The book opens to notes written by Mamah Borthwick, reminiscing on her life and expressing her longing to tell her views of what happened. The story begins with an account of Mamah’s attendance, with great trepidation, at a public talk given by Frank Lloyd Wright, the famous architect of the School of Chicago. The author tells us that some years earlier, Wright had designed Mamah's house at the insistence of her husband Edwin Cheney. We learn of the already tumultuous and intermittent affair between Wright and Mamah, which began with their working together on the architectural plans for the house.
The novel is an intricate analysis of Mamah's emotional torments as an intellectual in her own right, wife, mother, friend, and member of society. It also touches on the human aspects of Wright in addition to his artistic talent and eccentricities. Throughout the novel, Mamah explains the artistic or philosophical underpinnings of Wright's extravagant views. We experience the poignancy of both of their family situations and internal conflicts. The novel allows the reader to see Wright through the prism of Mamah’s deep admiration. The Swedish feminist Ellen Key rightfully unnerves the female protagonist when she declares that Mamah may have cowardly followed Wright in order to bask in his brilliance rather than accomplishing anything she can claim her own.
A talented writer and novelist, Nancy Horan spins an intricate web of themes in her novel. One of the main themes is that of guilt and judgment of others and society in general. Another is the role of the artist in society. The novel also explores the development of the feminist movement in the United States and Europe. We are told that in America, the focus is on the woman’s right to vote and equal pay whereas the European woman is more concerned about her right to live her life free from the ties of marriage. Mamah’s and Wright’s travels in Europe are described as a form of escape from the constraints experienced at home. They soon realize, however, that the fantasy is short lived and they are inevitably called back to face reality. It is the more conformist and more guilt ridden Mamah who stands her ground and resists the urge to return to her family obligations. She struggles between the ties to her family and her invisible bond to Wright. She chooses the latter but inevitably realizes that her passion for Wright often brings her to abandon her own intellectual aspirations. Even Wright, the self-proclaimed free spirit, succumbs to some of society’s pressures in the end.
The novel also explores some deeper aspects of love. It is the intellectual inclinations and natural independence of Mamah which piqued Wright’s interest. Yet, while the two travel through Europe together where they can pass as husband and wife, Wright vehemently asks that Mamah play the role of the traditional woman expected to give up her pursuits to follow him where his career takes him. Mamah keenly reminds him that his views are contradictory, which Wright concedes reluctantly. The novel depicts some very positive aspects to the relationship between Mamah and Wright. Although Mamah is recorded to have said that she was not Wright’s muse and that nature was, it is obvious that she and Wright inspired each other. They had a deep understanding of each other’s needs and longings, which brought their lives together to another level. Their inherent idiosyncrasies since childhood had isolated both from many of their contemporaries. The feeling of loneliness is evident in the case of Mamah particularly.
Their story ends tragically. Frank Lloyd Wright eventually decides to rebuild Taliesin (studio) located in Wisconsin.
Characters.
Mamah Borthwick: Full name Martha Bouton Borthwick Cheney. Involved in affair with famous architect Frank Lloyd Wright. Well educated and advocate for women rights. Mamah is the protagonist of the book. Leaves her children to go to Europe with Wright. Struggles to come to terms with everything. Murdered by Julian Carlton.
Frank Lloyd Wright: Brilliant architect. Involved in affair with Mamah. Wright's mother considered him a favorite and pampered him as a child. He considers himself so fascinating and quite a genius that people should be honored to work with him. He often spends money he doesn't have.
Catherine Wright: Wright's wife. Refused to divorce him despite ongoing and long-term affair.
Edwin Cheney: Mamah's husband. Loyal to Mamah but allows divorce.
Martha Cheney: Mamah’s and Edwin's daughter. When Mamah leaves, she is too young to remember much about her mother.
John Cheney: Mamah’s and Edwin's son. John was very close with his mother before she left. When his mother returns, she finds that he also has changed.
Lizzie Borthwick: Mamah's sister. A devoted sister who remains single and lives in the Cheneys’ household, Lizzie takes care of Mamah's children before and after she leaves.
Jessie Borthwick: Mamah's sister who died from complications during child birth.
Dickie Bock: Artist who worked for Wright at Oak Park Studio.
Marion Mahony Griffin: Female architect who worked with Wright.
Robert Herrick: Mamah's professor at the University of Chicago.
Mattie Brown: Mamah's close childhood friend. Mattie dies shortly after giving birth to a child.
Alden Brown: Mattie's husband. A miner.
Ernst Wasmuth: Worked with Wright as a German publisher intent on publicizing Wright’s architectural ideas in Europe. Result was a two-volume folio of 100 lithographs known as the Wasmuth Portfolio.
Ellen Key: a renowned advocate for the women's movement in Europe. Based in Sweden. Inspires Mamah and engages her to translate her work.
Walter Burley Griffin: architect who worked with Wright in Chicago. Wright owed him money. Married Marion Mahony.
Taylor Woolley: architect who worked with Wright in Europe. A good friend of both Wright’s and Mamah's.
Else Lasker-Schuler: Poet who befriended Mamah at Cafe des Westens in Germany where she taught and took classes in languages.
Jennie Porter: Wright's sister. Has a son named Frankie.
Billy Weston: workman for Wright at Taliesin.
Anna Wright: Wright's mother. Smart woman who pampered Wright as a child and adult.
Josiah: young carpenter apprentice for Wright at Taliesin.
Elinor Millor Cheney: Edwin's 2nd wife.
Emil Brodelle: Wright's drafting man at Taliesin.
Gertrude Carlton: cook and married to Julian Carlton.
Julian Carlton: Employed by Wright at Taliesin. When released by Mamah he goes crazy and kills Mamah, her two children, and two of Wright's workmen. Attempts suicide. Dies in prison due to starvation.
John Lloyd Wright: Wright's son. Works with Wright on some projects.
Wright's architecture.
Several important buildings by Frank Lloyd Wright that played a role in Loving Frank.
Frank Lloyd Wright Home and Studio: located in Oak Park. Frank Lloyd Wright Home and Studio Designed to be open in his Prairie Style.Frank Lloyd Wright Home and Studio 
Edwin H. Cheney House: The house Wright helped Mamah and Edwin design.
Tan-Y-Deri: Wright's sister home. Means Under the Oaks.
Taliesin: Home Wright builds for his life with Mamah. Burned down by Julian Carlton but later rebuilt by Wright. Photo is of Taliesin West in north Scottdale, AZ. 

</doc>
<doc id="19954150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954150" title="Malcolm A. Love Library">
Malcolm A. Love Library

Malcolm A. Love Library (commonly referred to as Love Library), opened in 1971, is the primary academic library building on the campus of San Diego State University (SDSU) in San Diego, California. Along with the Library Addition, it now houses the Library & Information Access. 
The Library located in a central position on the SDSU campus, occupies more than , seats more than 3,000 people, and circulates more than 488,000 books yearly (as of 2011). With more than 2.2 million volumes, 4.6 million microform items, and 140,000 maps, it is the largest library in the California State University system.
Library Addition.
The Library was expanded with the opening of the "Library Addition" in 1996, a two-story underground addition to the library, includes a state-of-the-art Media Center, 24/7 Study Area, and two electronic classrooms.
Services.
National Center for the Study of Children’s Literature.
In cooperation with SDSU's Department of English and Comparative Literature, the Library is the home to the National Center for the Study of Children’s Literature, which recently received a $1,000,000 gift donation by way of the Christopher D. and Karen Sickels Endowment for Special Collection in Children’s Literature.
Federal Depository Library.
The Library has been a selective depository library since 1962, receiving most of the items distributed by the U.S. Government Printing Office through its Federal Depository Library Program (FDLP).
State Depository Library.
The Library is a complete depository library with the California State Depository Library Program.
Map library.
The Library's Map Collection, consists of over 135,000 sheet maps and more than 1,000 atlases and gazetteers. The collection is worldwide in scope, with an emphasis on San Diego, California, the United States of America, and Baja California. The collection has general, worldwide topographical, nautical, and aeronautical coverage. Most of the collection dates from 1945 to the present.
Special Collections.
The Library's Special Collections and University Archives houses rare, fine, unique, and valuable books, periodicals, manuscripts, and documents which require security and care in handling. Other valuable historical items such as photographs, prints, postcards, memorabilia, scrapbooks, and oral histories are also held in Special Collections.
Namesake.
Dr. Malcolm A. Love, Ph.D., was the fourth (4th) President of San Diego State University (SDSU), serving from 1952 to 1971. Prior to his Presidency, Dr. Love was President of the University of Nevada for two (2) years. During his nineteen (19) years as President of SDSU, he was able to transform the institution from a teacher's college into a university. In 1966, the Carnegie Corporation named Dr. Love one of the best college Presidents in the country. With the extraordinary growth of students, faculty and facilities, there were plans for new library to be named in honor of Dr. Love. The Library was dedicated to Dr. Love in May 1971.
Other "Libraries" at San Diego State University.
Other unofficial libraries on the SDSU campus include:

</doc>
<doc id="19954174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954174" title="List of films set in Madrid">
List of films set in Madrid

This is a list of films whose "setting" is Madrid, Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="19954180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954180" title="Cetilistat">
Cetilistat

Cetilistat is a drug designed to treat obesity. It acts in the same way as the older drug orlistat (Xenical) by inhibiting pancreatic lipase, an enzyme that breaks down triglycerides in the intestine. Without this enzyme, triglycerides from the diet are prevented from being hydrolyzed into absorbable free fatty acids and are excreted undigested. 
In human trials, cetilistat was shown to produce similar weight loss to orlistat, but also produced similar side effects such as oily, loose stools, fecal incontinence, frequent bowel movements, and flatulence. It is likely that the same precautions would apply in that absorption of fat-soluble vitamins and other fat-soluble nutrients may be inhibited, requiring vitamin supplements to be used to avoid deficiencies.
Cetilistat has completed Phase 1 and 2 trials in the West and is currently in Phase 3 trials in Japan where it is partnered with Takeda. Norgina BV has now acquired the full global rights to cetilistat from Alizyme after the latter went into administration.

</doc>
<doc id="19954182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954182" title="European city bike">
European city bike

A European city bike, or simply city bike is a bicycle designed for frequent short, moderately paced rides through relatively flat urban areas. It is a form of utility bicycle commonly seen around the world, built to facilitate everyday riding in normal clothes in a variety of weather conditions. 
City bikes may be individually owned or operated as part of a public bike sharing scheme.
Design and operation.
Year-round, multi-purpose use.
The European city bike is designed for everyday utility cycling with a range of loads, clothing, and road and weather conditions. The result is a bicycle optimized for daily personal short-distance transportation over relatively flat terrain. A traditional European city bike provides hop-on-and-go ability, with no "gearing-up" process.
"Stadsfiets" as a defining term.
The Dutch term "Stadsfiets", is a useful starting point for defining the nature of the design, as it has the full set of features commonly incorporated into a European city bike. The Dutch words "fiets" and "stadsfiets" mean "bicycle" and "city bicycle", respectively. A "stadsfiets" is considered to be a fully outfitted European city bike, distinguished by the following typical features: upright riding position, fully enclosed chaincase, skirtguard, O-lock, hub gearing, dynamo hub, manually operated small warning bell, and built-in lights. 
German and Danish versions of the European city bike are similar, though there are differences.
The "English roadster" is similar in design, appearance, and intended use. The primary differences are that the continental bicycles tend to have a higher handlebar position for a more upright riding posture, and are more likely to have rod-actuated drum brakes. Because of Great Britain's cultural and trading influence in its former colonies, the roadster can still be seen in local production and use in many countries of the world.
Traditional vs. contemporary design.
A traditional-styled European city bike includes a frame made of low-carbon high-tensile steel, black paint with chromed accessories, an opaque skirtguard, bottle dynamo, simple dynamo-powered lights, and either a single-speed or 3-speed internally geared hub.
Contemporary city bikes are increasingly found in many European cities, including Amsterdam and Copenhagen. Dutch and Danish-made city bikes often include such features as a clear skirt guard, colors other than black, aluminum alloy or chromoly steel frame, front suspension fork, suspension seatpost, Hub dynamo, dynamo lighting with motion-and-darkness detection, magnetic lights, a 7- or 8-speed hub, adjustable kickstand, child seats, and a headlight integrated into the front fork. Newer German models, on the other hand, tend to incorporate a "less is more" philosophy.
Examples.
The following bicycles provide most or all of the features are commonly found in The Netherlands or Denmark on a city bike:
While differing in many details, some American bicycle manufacturers have incorporated some features of traditional European city bikes in models such as the "Electra Royal 8", "Breezer Uptown 8", "Biria Trekking Superlight 8", and the "Trek Gary Fisher Simple City 8".
Suitability compared to hybrid or commuter bikes.
The suitability and availability of fully outfitted city bikes depends on multiple factors, including local terrain, city density, car traffic, weather, and bicycle infrastructure. Traditional European city bikes are optimized for short-distance, frequent transportation over flat terrain in urban settings. However, such bikes are also used in hilly Switzerland, including Basel and Bern, where 23% and 15% of daily trips are made by bicycle respectively.
A fully outfitted European city bike or heavy utility roadster typically weighs 35–50 pounds (16–23 kg), compared with 14–22 pounds (6–10 kg) for the average road racing bike and 22–29 pounds (10–13 kg) for the typical modern mountain bike, touring bicycle, or hybrid city bike, commuter, or cross bike. A steel-frame European city bike with hub gear, chain case, and other features is heavier and more difficult to ride uphill than a road bike. A steel-frame bike is more cumbersome to carry and store, so it might not be the best choice for commuters needing to transport their bicycles on public transportation nor cyclists living or working in upper floor residences. Instead, European city bikes are often locked and stored outside businesses or residences, even during inclement weather. For easier carrying and storage, makers of European city bikes provide features similar to city bikes on folding bicycles. In the Netherlands, many modern city bikes are also available with an aluminum alloy frame, significantly reducing weight to partly overcome the practical difficulties with a heavier bike.
In the United States, Americans living in cities or suburbs with many days of sunshine per year have traditionally used road racing bicycles, sport/touring bicycles, or mountain bikes for general commuting or utility purposes. For all-weather use, U.S. buyers tend to purchase substantially lighter machines than the traditional "Stadsfiets" or utility roadster, instead choosing hybrid city bikes or commuter bikes derived from road or mountain designs. The latter frequently employ lightweight frames and wide gear ranges for use on higher-speed roadways as well as steep terrain. To save weight, some hybrid city or commuter bikes do not usually possess many accessories, adding only fenders, a rack, and perhaps a partial chainguard, as well as front and rear lights. Their smaller bulk and lighter weight often permits them to be carried into offices and residences, an advantage in countries with extremely high rates of bicycle vandalism and theft (even of older or obsolete models with little monetary value). 
Most European city bikes are designed to withstand year-round outdoor storage, even in frigid Scandinavia where daily bike usage remains high year round. Thus, European city bikes need not always be brought indoors and can be left outside, properly locked. To deter theft and vandalism, the European city bike has a tougher frame, non-quick-release seat and wheels, and a rear-wheel lock. To prevent theft or vandalism, it is ideal to bring the bike indoors, but this isn't always possible in dense cities with compact living quarters.
Lightweight variants.
Much like the English "sports roadster", a lighter-weight variant of the contemporary European city bike adheres to the same general approach to bike design and use, but saves weight and increases efficiency by using:
The lightweight European city bike is a popular model for Dutch brands such as Batavus and Gazelle, where high levels of bicycle use result in demand for higher performance city bicycles, which is otherwise similar to the fully outfitted typical European city bike. This is sometimes marketed as a "sports" variant of the latter.
Typical features.
Hub gearing.
A hub gear is an important feature of a European city bike. A hub gear system provides greater ease-of-use and safety than a derailleur system, can provide a wide range of ratios, and requires little maintenance.
A geared hub requires only one shifter rather than two, thus is easier to use than the pair of derailleurs which provide a greater number of speeds to sporting bicycles that need them. A European city bike or roadster typically has 3, 5, 7, 8 or 11 speeds. In a few high-end models, a Rohloff 14-speed geared hub is available. Batavus makes several models of full-featured city bikes that have a NuVinci hub with continuously variable drive ratio. The "NuVinci" has nearly the same range as an 8-speed hub (around 300%), selectable at any ratio within the range. With most bikes, the bicycle gearing may be scaled up or down as needed, for example by installing a smaller chainring in front and/or larger sprocket in back to facilitate climbing.
Hub gearing permits the use of a fully enclosed chaincase, which minimizes the need for maintenance. A hub gear has lower efficiency than a clean, properly adjusted derailleur system, but retains its efficiency without conscientious cleaning and adjustment. A hub gear system is heavier than a derailleur system. In a hub gear system, the main moving parts are enclosed, making repair more difficult than with a derailleur system. If a geared hub fails, it is sometimes more economical to replace the hub than attempt to repair it.
Angled-back handlebars.
A European city bike has angled-back handlebars and an upright riding position. The handlebars, similar to the North Road style handlebars, have a moderate rise and are swept back toward the body, enabling a fully upright posture similar to a person walking. The rider is easily visible to other traffic and can easily see traffic and hazards.
The handlebar's shape allows shopping bags, locks, and other items to be hung from the bars without slipping off. This reduces steering control, but that is compensated by the more stable geometry of the frame and forks.
Stable geometry.
A curved fork and angled vertical tubing provides stable, non-twitchy steering, enabling the rider to ride with one hand, while freeing the other hand for signalling or to secure a load on the rear rack. Europeans commonly use the free hand to hold an umbrella or cell phone, or to hold the shoulder of a child riding their own bike, to train the child for positioning on the road. A coaster brake further enables such one-handed riding, because the one hand on the handlebar only has to steer, not also brake. 
A stable European city bike enables securely travelling along in a position that is as upright as walking; it feels stable and relaxed, like walking very fast. A safe city bike needs to be capable of easily turning without falling over, and needs to be capable of moving reliably with shopping bags and a lock hanging from the handlebars.
Hub dynamo, automatic lights and magnetic lights.
A hub dynamo enables a built-in lighting system without the loud noise and high drag of a bottle (sidewall) dynamo, and without the unreliability, high cost, ecological disposal problem, and maintenance inherent with batteries. The hub dynamo powers LED or halogen front and rear lights. The lights have a built-in reflector. The taillight is mounted cleanly on the rear rack or fender. A built-in reflector in the headlight and taillight surrounds or is adjacent to the LED or light bulb. Built-in lights stay on point, i.e., need no adjustments.
The latest systems include a capacitor-powered standlight, powered for a few minutes by a capacitor. This prevents the lights from going out as soon as the bike speed drops to less than a few miles per hour; this evens out the amount of light at various speeds, sustaining the light at lower speeds.
The latest systems include automatic switching based on darkness+motion detection. This prevents having to reach to physically position a bottle dynamo or consume set-up time; this enables ready, guaranteed lighting regardless of the daylight conditions. A three-position switch has positions for Off, On, and Auto. A hub dynamo prevents the usage-overhead and preparation time of attaching the headlight and taillight to the bike prior to using the bike, and prevents having to remove the headlight and taillight and carry them while the bicycle is parked in public. A built-in light system avoids a failing battery lamp and prevents getting a ticket and fine from having no lights at night.
Many Danish bikes feature lights powered through electromagnetic induction. The lights are mounted on the bike wheels, eliminating the need for batteries while incurring less resistance to the rider than traditional dynamos.
Front suspension with built-in headlight.
A front suspension fork is common on high-end, contemporary-styled European city bikes. This is often a coil/oil or air/oil suspension fork with adjustable compression and rebound. A traditional roadster has no front suspension, or a spring-based front suspension that has more limited travel and adjustability.
Some high-end models integrate the headlight into the front fork and fender assembly. This discourages vandalism, protects the wiring, and reduces the number of external wires and cables.
O-lock.
A built-in O-lock is a type of bicycle lock that prevents ride-off theft, establishes ownership, secures the back wheel to the frame (which can be separately locked), and provides a lock and slot for a cable. An O-lock is also called a ring lock or wheel lock.
The O-lock facilitates outdoor parking, by reducing the risk that someone can steal the bike by quickly riding off on it. An O-lock is lightweight and unobtrusive. It can be locked very quickly and conveniently, such as when parking the bike outside a store while running errands.
The O-lock also serves as a deterrent to ownership disputes, as the person who has the O-lock key is proven to be the owner of the bike. More recent O-locks have a slot to attach an armored cable, allowing a cyclist to lock the frame, wheels, and seat.
O-locks provide a limited degree of security, like all locks. The greatest security requires using multiple types of locks together. In Copenhagen and Japan, the O-lock is generally used alone; the bikes are insured against theft and the owner must show that they have the key, to demonstrate that the bike was locked. The key can only be removed by locking the lock. In other locations, the O-lock is used along with locking the frame to a secure object, or the O-lock is used alone when the owner is very close by, to prevent ride-off theft.
Skirt guard.
A skirt guard (or coatguard) allows using the bike with normal clothes, for both the main rider and a passenger riding on the back rack. The skirt guard helps enable riding in cold and rain because it allows easy use of a coat, cloak, dress, skirt, scarf, or luggage; winter biking becomes possible in conjunction with wearing more clothing and using a skirtguard and chaincase. It also enables transporting various materials on the rack without getting caught in the spokes. 
A skirtguard prevents winter or flowing spring clothing from getting caught in the area where many features converge: the back brake, O-lock, and spokes. The skirtguard and O-lock form an integrated system. The O-lock catches clothing, so the skirtguard is needed to compensate. The O-lock passes through a hole in the skirt guard. The traditional, old-fashioned city bike has a solid (opaque) fabric skirt guard, while the contemporary European city bike has a clear plastic guard.
Fully enclosed chain guard.
A fully enclosed chain guard or chaincase enables using the bike with normal clothes and no preparation activity, such as wearing trouser clips or rolling up a trouser leg. A full guard prevents oil stains on clothes, and keeps trouser legs from getting caught in the chain or front chainring. While newer designs may use a partial chain guard, the latter still permits the chain to occasionally catch and stain loose trouser legs if not secured. 
A full chain guard also keeps the drive train (chain and external gears) clean and efficient by excluding water, mud, and grit which could splash onto the chain and front chainring, increase wear, and reduce drivetrain efficiency. To repair a rear flat tire, a fully enclosed chain guard must be partially disassembled to remove the back wheel, or the tire must be repaired in-place without removing the wheel.
Full fenders with mudguard flaps.
The fenders are aluminum or plastic, sometimes with a taillight affixed to the bottom of the back fender. The fairly low bottom of the back fender reduces road grime splashing up to a cyclist who is following behind. Integrated fenders designed into the bike provide a clean, safe attachment, and match the bike frame.
Enclosed drum brakes.
Enclosed drum brakes or a rear coaster brake are used on most European city bikes, rather than rim brakes. A bike with drum brakes is optimized for stopping in wet weather: in wet weather, drum brakes provide more stopping power and reliability than rim brakes; but in dry weather, less.
Enclosed drum brakes require infrequent maintenance, compared to rim brakes or disc brakes, and are more durable than disc brakes, which are exposed.
Drum brakes are best suited for slower, moderate use, rather than longer periods of hard downhill braking while carrying a load. Under such heavy braking, drum brakes are reported to sometimes fade, losing stopping power, while rim brakes can overheat the rim and cause a tire blowout. A common model of drum brake is the Shimano Rollerbrake, which includes a mechanism to prevent the drum brake from suddenly catching and grabbing more than intended.
Drum brakes are heavier than rim brakes.
Luggage carrier.
A Dutch convention is to carry a passenger on the back rack, the passenger balancing side-saddle. The sturdy rack supports passenger weight, to carry a passenger and sustain a launch without collapsing. A standard strap assembly attaches cleanly to the rack, providing useful transport capability. There are standard notches for a strap assembly with 3 or 4 elastic straps. The rack is integrated into the bike design; the taillight is usually mounted on the back of the rack.
Danish bikes are usually equipped with a back rack with a spring-loaded clamp.
Dual or adjustable kickstand.
A kickstand is present, and is often dual-leg or a center-stand for stability while the bike is carrying children or a load. Alternately, an adjustable-length kickstand enables parking regardless of the slope and load.
Tires and wheels.
Tires are puncture-resistant for travelling without a pump and tools to fix a flat tire. Width is normally medium to wide (1.5-1.75 inches; 38–44 mm), providing a balance of speed with durability and cushioning. These are semi-slick road tires with shallow tread, such as Schwalbe Marathon tires. Such tires are faster and quieter than mountain-bike tires, and more durable and reliable than road-racing tires. Reflective bands on the sidewalls make the wheels visible as wheels, not just as small reflectors. This makes the bike more visible from side at night by cars without using reflective clothing and extra lights.
Large 28", 700 B or 700 C wheels are typical, providing a smoother ride than 26" wheels. On traditional Dutch city bikes, extremely thick spokes add carrying strength. To discourage theft, the front and back wheels use axle bolts instead of quick-releases. European city bikes are used in bike-friendly areas for short distances with sturdy tires. These features are suited to riding without tools or quick-release wheels.
Platform pedals.
The platform pedals allow use with normal shoes.
Saddle.
The saddle is typically moderately broad, cushy, and springy, and is often suspended. A non quick-release seat prevents having to lock or remove the seat for safekeeping.
Other features.
A bell is standard equipment for bikes in Europe, and is required by law in some European countries, such as Denmark and Germany. Additional features are available, such as front and rear bicycle reflectors, baskets, child seats and a windshield; for example, the Amazone model from the Sparta brand.

</doc>
<doc id="19954194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954194" title="Albert Baldwin Dod">
Albert Baldwin Dod

Albert Baldwin Dod (March 24, 1805 – November 20, 1845) was an American Presbyterian theologian and professor of mathematics. He was born in Mendham, New Jersey to Daniel and Nancy (née Squire) Dod.
After a religious awakening while at college in Princeton (Class of 1822), Dod became affiliated with the influential Princeton Theologians. He published frequently in the group's chief outlet, the "Biblical Repertory and Princeton Review", edited by Charles Hodge. Among his publications there, an attack on Transcendentalism (perhaps written with James Waddel Alexander; published in the January 1839 issue) attracted wide notice and was later republished by Andrews Norton. For much of his life he taught mathematics at the College, and participated in theological discussion and preaching at the Seminary, in Princeton. The Doctorate in Divinity, though, was conferred on him by the University of North Carolina and by New York University.
Dod married Caroline Smith Bayard (1807–1891). They had at eight children; Martha Bayard, Caroline Bayard, Albert Baldwin, Julia Washington, Samuel Bayard, Susan Bratford, Charles Hodge, and Mary B. Their daughter Martha Bayard Dod (1831–1899) married Edwin Augustus Stevens (1795–1868), founder of Stevens Institute of Technology.
Dod died of pleurisy after a brief illness.
In 1869, his son Samuel Bayard Dod (Princeton Class of 1857) established an Endowed Professorship at Princeton University in mathematics in memory of him.

</doc>
<doc id="19954197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954197" title="Constance aux enfers">
Constance aux enfers

Constance aux enfers (US title: "Web of Fear") is a 1963 French language motion picture crime thriller directed by François Villiers. It was based on novel "Constance aux enfers" by Jean-Pierre Ferrière, who co-wrote screenplay with Jacques Sigurd. The film stars Michèle Morgan, Dany Saval.
Plot.
A young woman is killed by one of her companions. He escaped in a neighbor widow's apartment room, and becomes her lover. Another man gets much money from her by his blackmail revealing their love affair, but she finds the victim is actually alive and part of the blackmail plan, and does vengeance.

</doc>
<doc id="19954214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954214" title="The Girl in the Plain Brown Wrapper">
The Girl in the Plain Brown Wrapper

The Girl in the Plain Brown Wrapper (1968) is the tenth novel in the Travis McGee series by John D. MacDonald. The plot focuses on McGee's investigation of a beautiful young woman who is mysteriously losing her mind without any apparent physical or mental disease. Along the way, he discovers various troubling facets to the small Florida town where she resides.

</doc>
<doc id="19954266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954266" title="Mannargudi Raju Sastri">
Mannargudi Raju Sastri

Raja Mannargudi Mahamahopadhyaya Thyagaraja Mahi Raju Sastrigal (May 28, 1815–March 4, 1903), also known as Mannargudi Raju Sastri or Mannargudi Periyaval, was a Hindu scholar. He was born in the Bharadwaja Vamsa, as a descendant of Adayappaalam Sri Appayya Dikshitar. Raju Sastri was born in the village of Kuthambadi in today’s Thiruvarur district as son of Maragathavalli Janakiammal and Sri Markasahaya Appa Dikshitar
Gurukul.
Sastri went back to Mannargudi and set up his gurukul and started teaching many students. He lived in Agraharam First Street, door number 73, and taught veda sastra, anushtanams and granta for thousands of students for over sixty years. Scholars, disciples and devotees address him with reverence as "Mannargudi Periyaval" with great respect even today. Students flocked to learn from this scholar. People came from Maharashtra, Telugu Desam, Palakadu and from far away places to live and learn from him. Many rich vidwans and scholars saw his sincere teachings and funded the gurukul and made food donations to the students who lived there. Raju Sastri conducted Somayagam for his father Sri Appa Dikshitar in 1864. As per his father's wish, Raju Sastri adopted his brother Appaiya Dikshitar]s son Neelakanda Sastri. Raju Sastri had many disciples in his Gurukul and he loved to teach them. His adopted son Neelakanta Sastrigal looked after the administration of the Gurukul. Raju Sastri divided his students into different sections according to their knowledge and taught them the Sastras according to their level. There were even sanyasis who were his students. The house on the East Main Road in Rajamannargudi town where he lived later became Sankara Mutt, thanks to the Paramacharya. 
Students.
Many of Sastri's students went on to become famous scholars. The following is a list of some of these students. 
Teachings.
Initially Raju Sastri was a very different teacher. He was very particular that all his students followed his instructions and would be very upset if a student made even a small mistake. He would yell at them with anger and the whole neighborhood could hear him being annoyed. Then after a while he would explain and correct the mistake very elaborately to the whole class so that no student would make the same mistake again ever. He did not encourage arguments and discussion and wanted students to follow very strict class procedures. He would dismiss students who did not follow his strict code of conduct. Early in the morning, Guru Raju Sastri would go north to the river near Kailasanathar temple for his daily bath. While all his students went south to the river Padithurai near Meenakshi Amman temple for their bath. It is even said that Raju Sastri once dismissed and suspended his student Paruthiyur Krishna Sastri mistaking his arguments to be an act of arrogance. Krishna Sastri left the Gurukul to do Ramayana Pravachans, which became very popular. Raju Sastri happened to listen to this pravachan, after hearing about it from his other students. The discourses were on the virtues of Sri Rama. Sastri listened to the discourse on "Patience" as the greatest virtue of all. Raju Sastri was very impressed and said that Krishna Sastri’s Pravachan had opened his eyes.
Raju Sastri recognized Krishna Sastri’s scholarship and decided to train and teach him and mold him to become a great scholar. Raju Sastri became a different man after that. Raju Sastri was famed as a teacher known for his simplicity, patience and compassion.
Knowledge.
Raju Sastrigal had learned all four Sastras and was a very knowledgeable man. He addressed several issues by answering the queries on Dharma Sastram and acharam, often posed to him by Vedic scholars and pundits. His authority on the administration of Dharma made many legal luminaries come to him seeking his advice on issues concerning Hindu law. Publishers and authors made it a point to obtain his foreword for their works. He also offered counseling to people of different faiths explaining the common goal of all religions.
Works.
Sri Raju Sastrigal authored more than 30 books. Some of them include:
In the Malika, Sri Sastrigal had composed songs on the annual rituals and important festivals being celebrated at Sri Tyagaraja Swami Temple Tiruvarur, and Sri Rajagopala Swami Temple, Mannargudi.
Title.
In commemoration of the coronation of Queen Victoria in 1887, Raju Sastrigal was selected from the south for the title "Mahamahopadhyaya" and was invited to Delhi for the award ceremony. Since Sri Sastrigal refused to go to receive the award, the then Governor General directed the then Collector of Thanjavur to confer the title at his residence. Mannargudi Raju Sastri was the first from the south to receive such a prestigious title. After this title, gifts and felicitations were sent to him from the Thanjavur Collector. Learned scholars came from far away places to meet him every day.
Raju Sastri had formed the "Kumbakonam Advaita Sabha" for propagating the tenets of the Advaita faith. After him, his chief disciple Shi Ganapathy Sastrigal, who was invested the title of Mahamahopadyaya, became the accredited pundit for this Sabha. 
Works on Raju Sastri.
"Thyagaraja Vijayam" in Sanskrit written by Mahamahopadyaya Yegnaswami Sastrigal grandson of Sri Raju Sastri, is an elaborate history of Sri Mannagudi Raju Sastri. The main features of this book were then translated into Tamil in the name "Sri Raju Sastrigalin Mahimai" by great grandson Sri Ya: Mahalinga Sastri MABL. The book describes Sri Mannargudi Raju Sastri’s life, scholarship in Veda Sastras, his faith in daily rituals, his love for his students, his compositions and greatness of some of his popular disciples.
Both Painganadu Ganapathy Sastri and Paruthiyur Sri Krishna Sastri had written wonderful slokas in praise of Guru Raju Sastri. One of his main disciples, late Mahamahopadhyaya Painganadu Ganapathi Sastrigal, wrote "Gururajasapthathy", a set of seventy slokas on his great Guru. He has described therein the great qualities of Raju Sastri, his keen intellect, his benign treatment of his students, and his great devotion to Lord Shiva.
Last days.
In 1903 Raju Sastri, at 88 years old, became very weak and he could not even get up or move around without help. His daughter-in-law took very good care of him. Aged Guru Raju Sastri wanted to hear Krishna Sastri’s Pravachans and he sent his wish through a student. Considering his old Guru’s age and health, Krishna Sastri immediately went to Mannargudi and stayed there for a few months and did Ramayana Pravachans exclusively for guru Raju Sastri and his family, friends and students. Raju Sastri was delighted and was very proud of his student. Sri Sastrigal attained "mukthi" at the age of 88 on March 4, 1903, with the entire town mourning over his demise.
Raju Sastri Jayanthi celebrations of Mannargudi Periyaval take place in Mannagudi each year, sponsored by the Mannargudi-based Sankara Arogya Seva Trust in 2008 and from 2009 onwards sponsored by Mannargudi periyava Seva Samithi formed by the descendants of Mannargudi periyava, with the blessings of sri sri sri Jeyandra Saraswathi Swamigal Kanchi Kamakoti peetam.

</doc>
<doc id="19954302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954302" title="Sonam">
Sonam

Sonam may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19954307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954307" title="Dress Her in Indigo">
Dress Her in Indigo

Dress Her in Indigo (1969) is the eleventh novel in the Travis McGee series by John D. MacDonald.
Plot synopsis.
McGee investigates what happened to a young woman after she disappears into the expatriate subculture of hippies and drug addicts in Mexico, and is found dead.

</doc>
<doc id="19954310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954310" title="Watson Technology Center">
Watson Technology Center

Watson Technology Center is an elementary magnet school located in Garland, Texas (USA). Watson Technology Center enrolls students in grades K-5 and is a part of the Garland Independent School District.
In 2009, the school was rated "exemplary" by the Texas Education Agency.
History.
Watson Elementary School opened in 1956 under the direction of principal Clayborne Glaze and superintendent Dr. Glen Couch. The land was donated to the school from Walter and Hayward Watson. In 1997, the school was renovated and reopened as Watson Technology Center for Math & Science.
Curriculum.
Watson Technology Center is known as a magnet school that hosts the MST (Math, Science, and Technology) program. The program is designed to attract students highly interested in math, science, and technology. Heavy emphasis is placed on the use of technology and hands-on problem solving during classroom instruction. Learning opportunities introduced in class includes: greenhouse, weather forecasting using a weather station, and astronomy in the portable planetarium.
Statistics (per 2006).
The attendance rate for students at the school is 98%, compared with a state average of 96%. 54% of the students at Watson are economically disadvantaged, 5% enroll in special education, 23% enroll in gifted and talent programs, and 31% are considered "limited English proficient."
The ethnic makeup of the school is 49% Hispanic, 26% White, non-Hispanic, 19% African American, 5% Asian/Pacific Islander, and 1% Native American.
The average class sizes at Watson are 20 students for kindergarten, 25 students for first grade, 22 students for second grade, 17 students for third grade, 21 students for fourth grade, and 24 students for fifth grade.
Teachers at the school carry, on average, 9 years of teaching experience and 19% of the teachers on staff are first-year teachers.
Feeder Patterns.
Garland ISD is a Free Choice school district, which allows the parent to choose which school his or her children want to attend within the district.
Watson Technology Center and Beaver Technology Center feeds into Jackson Technology Center for students continuing on the MST Program, and ultimately into North Garland High School.

</doc>
<doc id="19954359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954359" title="Sakis Rouvas filmography">
Sakis Rouvas filmography

Sakis Rouvas filmed his first cinematographic works in 1996, playing the voice of Quasimodo in the Greek language dubbing of the Disney animated adaptation of "The Hunchback of Notre Dame" titled "I Panayia Ton Parision." A Decade later in 2006 Rouvas voiced Lightning McQueen in the Greek dubbing of the animated film "Cars".
After a failed attempt in film in 1997, Sakis Rouvas made his film debut in 2007 with the Greek drama "ALTER EGO" which was the most expensive Greek production in history with a budget of €2M. The film was released by the largest film production company in Greece, Village Roadshow Productions, and Rouvas revealed that he was once again in collaboration with the company to create his second film.
Rouvas also revealed that he has landed his first Hollywood film in the psychological thriller Duress playing the primary antagonist role of Abner Solvie, a charismatic killer, alongside actors Martin Donovan and Billy Wirth.
Filmography.
This is a chronologically ordered list of films in which Sakis Rouvas has appeared.

</doc>
<doc id="19954367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954367" title="Ross Ihaka">
Ross Ihaka

Ross Ihaka is an Associate Professor of Statistics at the University of Auckland, who is recognized, along with Robert Gentleman, as one of the originators of the R programming language. He received the Royal Society of New Zealand's Pickering Medal in 2008 for his work on R.

</doc>
<doc id="19954369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954369" title="Young Person's Guide to History">
Young Person's Guide to History

"Young Person's Guide to History" is a two-part television special produced by Funny Garbage, the creators of "Saul of the Mole Men", and features most of the same actors and creative team. It was originally titled "Thomas Jefferson American Phantasm". 
In the United States, the first part aired on October 27, 2008 and the second part aired on November 3, 2008 on Cartoon Network's late night programming block, Adult Swim. On November 4, 2008 "Young Person's Guide to History" first aired in its entirety, in honor of election night; after that night "Young Person's Guide to History" did not air again until July 4, 2010. Clips of it are available on Adult Swim Video. "Young Person's Guide to History" was originally produced in three parts but was edited down to two. 
Plot.
"Young Person's Guide to History" is a warped and absurd retelling of historical events that led to the creation of America such as the writing of the Declaration of Independence and the choosing of the Great Seal of America using fantastical and anachronistic modern elements (Thomas Jefferson tattoos the Constitution onto his chest and then tears it off).
Production.
"Young Person's Guide to History" is an offshoot/spinoff of the "Saul of the Mole Men" episode "Poor Clancy's Almanack", a wordplay on "Poor Richard's Almanack".
Another reference is made when the song "Mustache Ride" is played in Jefferson's car during part one.
Directed by Peter Girardi and Dave Willis, both parts of "Young Person's Guide to History" were rated TV-MA in the United States. Part One originally aired in the United States on Cartoon Network's late night programing block, Adult Swim, on April 1, 2008, as part of Adult Swim's annual April Fools' Day stunt. Part one officially premiered on October 27, 2008, and the second part aired one week later on November 3, 2008. "Young Person's Guide to History" was originally produced in three parts but was edited down to two; and was originally going to be entitled "Thomas Jefferson American Phantasm".

</doc>
<doc id="19954381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954381" title="The Long Lavender Look">
The Long Lavender Look

The Long Lavender Look (1970) is the twelfth novel in the Travis McGee series by John D. MacDonald. After the preceding book, "Dress Her in Indigo", which was largely set in Mexico, "The Long Lavender Look" not only returns to McGee's usual haunt of Florida, but is almost entirely set in one tiny town deep in the rural part of the state. 
The plot begins when McGee and Meyer are driving late at night down a deserted Florida highway, when a young woman, barefoot and clad only in a nightgown, dashes across the road just in front of the car. McGee swerves and just barely misses her, but his car is thrown into ten feet of swamp water. Soon after and to their surprise, McGee and Meyer find themselves arrested, and McGee charged with murder.

</doc>
<doc id="19954386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954386" title="1922 Rose Bowl">
1922 Rose Bowl

The 1922 Rose Bowl was a college football bowl game played on January 2, 1922, between Washington & Jefferson College (W&J) and the University of California, Berkeley. It holds several distinctions including being the only scoreless Rose Bowl game, the first tie in a Rose Bowl, the first African-American quarterback to play in the Rose Bowl (Charlie West from Washington & Jefferson), the first freshman to play in a Rose Bowl (Herb Kopf of Washington and Jefferson), and Hal Erickson (W&J) became the only man ever to play in two different Rose Bowls (1919 and 1922), with two different teams (Great Lakes Navy and W&J), without losing. It was also the last to be played at Tournament Park and to be officially known as the Tournament East-West Football Game, and with only 450 students at the time, Washington & Jefferson College was the smallest school to ever play in a Rose Bowl.
Game summary.
The Cal team was highly favored in this game, causing one sportswriter to say "All I know about Washington and Jefferson is that they're both dead."
The 1921 team, coached by Greasy Neale, went 10-0 in the regular season, defeating powerhouses Pitt, University of Detroit, and Syracuse. The 7-0 victory over rival Pitt was celebrated with a day of canceled classes and bonfire with inspiration speeches in front of the Washington County Courthouse. As the best team from the east, W&J was invited to the 1922 Rose Bowl to play the best team from the west: the undefeated and heavily favored California Golden Bears. The Red and Black could only afford to send 11 men on the cross-country trip and Robert "Mother" Murphy had to mortgage his home to pay his way. Thus, W&J would be the last Rose Bowl team to play the same 11 men the entire game. During the train ride to Pasadena, in which Greasy Neale continued to prepare his men, one player caught pneumonia and could not finish the journey. Luckily, another player had secretly stowed away on the train and was given the ill player's ticket and roster spot.
Cal had won their season 312-33, but the W&J defense held the Golden Bears' potent offense, led by Brick Muller, to no points and 2 first downs, no completed passes, and only 49 yards rushing. In one of the most disputed plays in Rose Bowl history, a W&J rushing touchdown was overturned for an offside violation. The game was notable as the last time a "small school" would be represented in the Rose Bowl. W&J's team featured three Rose Bowl firsts: Herb Kopf was the first freshman to play, Charlie "Pruner" West was the first African American to play quarterback, and Hal Erickson became the only man ever to play in two different Rose Bowls, with two different teams, without losing. W&J's Russ Stein was named Most Valuable Player. He was inducted into the Rose Bowl Hall of Fame in 1991. The Red and Black finished the season with a share of the "mythical national championship," as determined by the Boand System.

</doc>
<doc id="19954398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954398" title="Les Yeux cernés">
Les Yeux cernés

Les Yeux cernés (English title: "Marked Eyes") is a 1964 French thriller film directed by Robert Hossein who wrote original story. The screenplay was written by Claude Desailly, André Tabet and Georges Tabet. The film stars Robert Hossein, Michèle Morgan and Marie-France Pisier.
It tells the story of a widow who begins to receive blackmail letters demanding money as almost everybody has disliked her husband in a small town.

</doc>
<doc id="19954412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954412" title="Mata Hari (1985 film)">
Mata Hari (1985 film)

Mata Hari is a 1985 film directed by Curtis Harrington produced by Golan-Globus featuring Sylvia Kristel in the title role of exotic dancer Mata Hari, executed for espionage during World War I.
Overview.
The film portrays Mata Hari as an innocent woman manipulated by the secret services of Germany and France into providing intelligence, at first unwittingly and unwillingly, and later driven by the nonpartisan desire to save lives. Eventually she is cynically sacrificed by the French who are aware of her innocence but believe her execution will boost morale.
The film's convoluted plot is anchored by a fictitious love triangle between Mata Hari and two officers, the French Georges Ladoux (Oliver Tobias) and the German Karl von Bayerling (Christopher Cazenove). Ladoux and Bayerling are personal friends but end up on opposing sides of the war, providing ample opportunity to explore the dramatic tension between honor and personal loyalty on the one hand and patriotism and duty to one's country on the other. Their ethical dilemma is contrasted to the amoral scheming of the main villain, Dr. Elsbeth Schragmüller (invariably known as "Fräulein Doktor"), a doctor of psychology and leading operative of German intelligence. Mata Hari's efforts to thwart Fräulein Doktor's assassination plot using a concealed bomb are eventually successful but lead her to be captured in deeply compromising circumstances by Ladoux, precipitating her show trial and execution, which Ladoux fruitlessly tries to prevent. The film ends on a melancholy note with the reconciliation of Ladoux and Bayerling after the war.
There is a scene in which a man watches Mata masturbate through the keyhole of her hotel room. There is no graphic depiction of Kristel's genitals, but nevertheless, Harrington insisted that it was a gratuitous scene that the producers forced him to put in the picture.

</doc>
<doc id="19954419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954419" title="Henri Djombo">
Henri Djombo

Henri Djombo (born 1952) is a Congolese politician. He has served in the government of Republic of Congo as Minister of the Forest Economy since 1997 and is a member of the Congolese Labour Party (PCT).
Early life and political career.
Djombo was born in Enyellé, located in the Likouala Region of northern Republic of Congo, and studied in Leningrad in the Soviet Union. He joined the civil service in 1976, becoming an adviser to the Minister of the Rural Economy in 1977 and then Director of Studies and Planning at the Ministry of the Rural Economy in 1978. He was appointed as Director-General of the Rural Economy in 1979 and served in the government as Minister of Water and Forests from 1980 until being dropped from the government in December 1985. He also joined the ruling Congolese Labour Party (PCT) in 1979, and in 1980 he became a member of the bureau of the Central Committee of the Union of Socialist Congolese Youth (UJSC). After leaving the government, Djombo was the Congolese Ambassador to Bulgaria from 1986 to 1988, and subsequently he was President and Director-General of the Sugar Refinery of Congo ("Sucrerie du Congo", or "Suco") from 1989 to 1991. He joined the PCT Central Committee in 1989.
At the time of the 1993 parliamentary election, Djombo was President of the Technical Commission for the election. Also in 1993, he was a member of the opposition's delegation to political negotiations in Libreville. Later, he was Vice-President of the Technical Committee for the Special Census from 1996 to 1997. Denis Sassou Nguesso returned to power at the conclusion of the June–October 1997 civil war, and he appointed Djombo to the government as Minister of the Forest Economy on 2 November 1997. Djombo has held that post since then, although his portfolio was altered several times: he was appointed as Minister of the Forest Economy, Fishing and Fish Resources on 12 January 1999, as Minister of the Forest Economy and the Environment on 18 August 2002, and then simply as Minister of the Forest Economy on 3 March 2007. 
Djombo led negotiations with rebels in the late 1990s. In the May 2002 parliamentary election, he was elected to the National Assembly as the PCT candidate in Enyellé constituency; he won the seat in the first round with 96.98% of the vote. He was again elected to the National Assembly in the 2007 parliamentary election as the PCT candidate in Enyellé constituency; he won the seat in the first round with 99.21% of the vote. As of 2007, Djombo is a member of the PCT Political Bureau.
In September 2006, Djombo announced plans to establish two environmentally-protected areas that would together total almost 1,000 hectares. He said on this occasion that the creation of the new areas reflected the government's commitment to ecological conservation: "The Republic of Congo depends on forest resource use for economic development, but it is also deeply committed to biodiversity conservation and sustainable forest management. It has already set aside an estimated 11 percent of the country's surface area as protected areas, 90 percent of which is tropical forest." The Wildlife Conservation Society called the decision "an extraordinary achievement for the entire Congo basin region" and praised the Congolese government's environmental policy. Djombo said in a May 2008 interview that Congo's "rate of deforestation is the lowest in the region" and that "less than 3,000 hectares" of forest was felled annually. Djombo stressed that the government's policy was to balance the needs of the economy and the environment.
As part of a political struggle in his native Likouala, Djombo distributed an open letter in November 2007 that was addressed to the people of Likouala. In this letter, he accused his rivals from Likouala, particularly Ambassador to Italy Mamadou Kamara Dékamo, of slandering him over the course of two and a half years and plotting to kill him on 10 September 2007. According to Djombo, they planned to assassinate him at the Ministry of Forest Economics on the same day that the Ninja former rebels were in Brazzaville and to use the Ninjas as scapegoats. He said that this alleged plot "painfully reminded" him of an unsuccessful attack that he and his family escaped at their home on 7 June 1997, at the beginning of the 1997 civil war.
At the time of the July 2009 presidential election, Djombo was Head of the Electoral Affairs Department for Sassou Nguesso's re-election campaign. After the election, in which Sassou Nguesso won an overwhelming majority, Djombo's ministerial responsibilities were expanded on 15 September 2009, when he was appointed as Minister of Sustainable Development, the Forest Economy, and the Environment.
In the July–August 2012 parliamentary election, Djombo again stood as the PCT candidate in Enyellé constituency; he won the seat in the first round with 88.06% of the vote.
Regional and international roles.
Djombo became President-in-Office of the African Timber Organization in October 2000, and he also headed the Conference of Ministers in Charge of Central African Forests (COMIFAC) for a time. At the 3rd World Congress of Biosphere Reserves, held in Madrid on 4–9 February 2008, he was elected as President of the Bureau of the International Coordinating Council of UNESCO's Man and the Biosphere Programme.
Writing and sports.
Djombo is a novelist. In the field of sports, he is a black belt in aikido. He has been President of the Congolese Aikido Federation and President of the Congolese Table Tennis Federation.

</doc>
<doc id="19954439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954439" title="Sons of Adam">
Sons of Adam

The Sons of Adam were an American rock band, originally from Maryland, but primarily active in California, in the 1960s. The band is notable for its membership including Randy Holden, later of The Other Half and Blue Cheer, and Michael Stuart, later of Love.
History.
Previously known as the Fender IV when they began in Baltimore in 1962, the band then moved to Southern California and became a frequent attraction at clubs on the Sunset Strip in Los Angeles. The Sons of Adam were provided with their new name by record producer Kim Fowley. The band's musical direction shifted dramatically with the British Invasion and Beatlemania. The popularity of surf music waned, and their style changed to vocal-based R&B and rock songs. They made a brief appearance playing in a nightclub scene in the 1965 movie, "The Slender Thread" starring Anne Bancroft.
They are, perhaps, best remembered for the song, "Saturday's Son," an anthem of alienation released in 1966, featuring Randy Holden on lead guitar and vocals. Later that year, Holden left the band to join The Other Half. The Sons of Adam continued to play and record with Craig Tarwater (later in The Daily Flash) replacing Holden on lead guitar. They released another single later that year, featuring "Feathered Fish", written by Arthur Lee, and the flip side "Baby Show the World."

</doc>
<doc id="19954445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954445" title="Operation Windsor">
Operation Windsor

Operation Windsor was a Canadian offensive launched as part of the Battle of Normandy during the Second World War. Taking place on 4–5 July 1944, the attack was undertaken by the Canadian 3rd Infantry Division in an attempt to capture the Norman town of Carpiquet and the adjacent airfield from German forces. The attack was originally intended to take place during the later stages of Operation Epsom, as a means of protecting the eastern flank of the main assault. It was postponed and launched the following week.
On 4 July 1944, four battalions of the Canadian 3rd Infantry Division attacked Carpiquet in conjunction with flanking attacks by armoured regiments of the Canadian 2nd Armoured Brigade. Although the Canadian 8th Infantry Brigade succeeded in capturing Carpiquet by mid-afternoon, German resistance to the south prevented the airfield from being captured—despite significant Allied armour and air support. The following day, Canadian forces defeated German counterattacks and succeeded in holding Carpiquet in preparation for British attacks on Caen as part of Operation Charnwood.
Background.
The historic Norman town of Caen was a major Operation Overlord goal for the British 2nd Army′s I Corps, having landed forces on two Normandy beaches on 6 June 1944 in order to capture the city and Carpiquet area. Although Caen was the initial objective of British forces landing on Sword Beach, German resistance prevented the town from being captured on 6 June 1944; an outcome that had been considered a possibility by 2nd Army's commanding officer. For the next three weeks, positional warfare ensued; both sides attacked and counterattacked for minor tactical advantage on the Anglo-Canadian front.
From 26–30 June, the 2nd Army launched Operation Epsom, using the newly arrived VIII Corps and was designed to outflank Caen and seize the high ground near Bretteville-sur-Laize, south of the town. By the end of the action, VIII Corps had succeeded in advancing six miles through extensive field fortifications, the Germans were able to contain the offensive, after committing their last reserves. Depending on the success of VIII Corps, the Canadian 3rd Infantry Division—supported by the Canadian 2nd Armoured Brigade—was to capture the village and airfield of Carpiquet in an attack codenamed Operation Ottawa; this operation was postponed.
Despite the penetrations to the west of Caen, forces of the I SS Panzer Corps still held positions north and west of Caen. Fortifications on the River Orne and near Carpiquet prevented any further advance toward Caen from the north. Carpiquet— Northwest of the centre of Caen—became an objective of the Canadian 3rd Infantry Division, under the command of Major-General Rod Keller. The need for additional airfields on the Normandy mainland ensured Carpiquet was a valuable prize for the Allies and an important defensive position for the Germans.
Prelude.
German defences.
The German defences in and around Carpiquet were formidable, as the position was considered "strategically vital" by both sides. The defences at Carpiquet airfield relied on a expanse of level ground, which offered the perfect "killing field" for the defenders. The airfield had been converted into a fortress, employing minefields, field gun and machine gun emplacements manned by the 1st Battalion, 26th SS Panzergrenadier Regiment, an anti-aircraft battery and supported by 15 tanks.
Allied forces.
For the attack on Carpiquet, Keller selected the three infantry battalions of the 8th Canadian Infantry Brigade; The Queen's Own Rifles of Canada (QRC), "Le Régiment de la Chaudière" and The North Shore (New Brunswick) Regiment. Also included were The Royal Winnipeg Rifles (RWR) from the Canadian 7th Infantry Brigade, who would lead the assault. Armoured and machine-gun support was to be provided by Canadian 10th Armoured Regiment (The Fort Garry Horse), The Sherbrooke Fusiliers and the Cameron Highlanders Support Battalion. Additional support was later made available in the form of two squadrons of Hawker Typhoon fighter-bombers and three squadrons of specialized tanks from the British 79th Armoured Division. As a means of adding heavy artillery firepower to the initial bombardment, the guns of the battleship would bombard German positions around Carpiquet, some inland.
Operation Windsor was designed to commence at 05:00 on 4 July—following a bombardment by 21 artillery regiments—with "Le Régiment de la Chaudière" and The North Shore Regiment attacking Carpiquet while the Sherbrooke Fusiliers protected their northern flank. To the south, The RWR would advance and seize the hangars of Carpiquet airfield. Once the two regiments had captured Carpiquet, the QWR would push through and take control of the airfield's control buildings, its capture would enable further Anglo-Canadian attacks against Caen.
Battle.
Canadian assault on Carpiquet, 4 July.
As dawn broke on 4 July 1944, 21 artillery regiments opened fire on German positions in and around Carpiquet, firing a creeping barrage wide and deep. At 05:00, two Canadian infantry regiments advanced on Carpiquet, while the Sherbrooke Fusiliers attacked to the north. The Sherbooke Fusiliers' attack succeeded in breaking through the German minefields but the defensive positions of the 26th SS Panzergrenadier Regiment remained intact and continued to fire on advancing infantry of The North Shore Regiment. In the centre, the Chaudières avoided much of the fire directed at The North Shore Regiment as they advanced on Carpiquet. By 06:32, both regiments had reached the outskirts of the town, coming into contact with elements of the 12th SS Panzer Division. As fighting in Carpiquet degenerated into a house-to-house battle of attrition, tanks of the Canadian 10th Armoured Regiment assisted the infantry in gradually overcoming German opposition.
To the south, the RWR advanced slowly towards the airfield, with German mortar fire inflicting many casualties on advancing infantry and armour. It would take the RWR 90 minutes to advance the between Marcelet and the airfield hangars. Only with eventual indirect fire support from a squadron of the 10th Armoured Regiment was the RWR able to advance to the airfield. Several Sherman tanks were knocked out, by mid-day the RWR were forced to withdraw halfway toward their original positions.
Unaware that the RWR had failed to gain control of the airfield, Keller elected to commit the QRC to the second phase of the assault plan. The regiment moved forward into Carpiquet, now controlled by the Chaudières and The North Shore, who attacked German strongpoints bypassed by the initial assault. It took a combination of infantry attacks, flame-throwers, petard-tanks (Churchill tanks mounted with a spigot mortar) and the immolation of one strongpoint to force the remaining 12 defenders to surrender, with the rest surrendering after vicious fighting. The QRC reached the edge of Carpiquet as the RWR was withdrawing and was ordered to hold their positions until the RWR could reorganize for a second attack.
For the second attack on the airfield, Keller secured the assistance of two squadrons of Hawker Typhoon fighter-bombers to support the attacks against 12th SS positions. The survivors of the RWR were ordered to "execute a sweeping attack by the lower ground around the enemy's left flank", with full armour and artillery support. In the late afternoon, the RWR resumed the attack on the airfield, although they reached the hangars, they were unable to dislodge the German defenders. Facing counter-attacks by Panzer units, the RWR was ordered to withdraw to their start-line under the cover of darkness. In Carpiquet, three battalions of the 8th Canadian Infantry Brigade rapidly fortified their positions. Following their seizure of the town, the 8th Brigade was now positioned closer to Caen than any other Anglo-Canadian unit. Although the Canadians had firm control of Carpiquet and the northern hangars, the southern hangars and control buildings remained in German hands.
German counterattacks, 5 July.
Less than away from the outskirts of Caen, the 8th Canadian Infantry Brigade posed a threat to German positions in the town. With most of the defence concentrated north of Caen and by the River Odon, it was feared that Anglo-Canadian forces could attack from Carpiquet and bypass the majority of the defences. Despite growing misgivings about the success of a counterattack, Kurt Meyer ordered the SS to retake Carpiquet from the Canadians. Units from the 1st SS Panzer division prepared to counterattack at Carpiquet from Francqueville with armour, artillery, mortars and infantry.
Shortly after midnight, the first of the SS counterattacks began, throwing itself against the Canadian defences. Although 13 tanks had been lost the previous day, the remainder of the 10th Canadian Armoured Regiment, supported by mortars from the Cameron Highlanders, prevented German panzers from penetrating the ruins of Carpiquet. Canadian defensive positions and machine-gun fire caused heavy German casualties. By dawn, almost no ground had been gained by the attackers. By midday, the 8th Canadian Infantry Brigade and 10th Canadian Armoured Regiment had defeated three counterattacks with artillery and Hawker Typhoon assistance, ensuring that German forces could not breach the Canadian positions. The town remained under Canadian control, even though German Nebelwerfer Rocket-Artillery and mortars continued to bombard Carpiquet.
Aftermath.
Three days after Operation Windsor, attacks on Caen were renewed, with the 3rd Canadian Infantry Division taking part in Operation Charnwood. On 9 July, the 8th Canadian Infantry Brigade succeeded in capturing Carpiquet airfield, as 450 aircraft of the Royal Air Force bombed Caen in preparation for a full assault. By day's end, the northern half of Caen had been seized by British forces, while the remainder of the city had been levelled. On 18 July British and Canadian forces launched Operations Atlantic and Goodwood, the Canadians launched the former operation liberating the remainder of Caen while British forces secured terrain to the east and south of the city. Canadian forces then attacked German positions on Verrières Ridge.
Canadian casualties for the operation totaled 377, of which 127 were fatal. The majority of these losses occurred on 4 July— the RWR and The North Shore Regiment took approximately 130 casualties each on the first day. In total, 17 tanks were lost by the 10th Canadian Armoured Regiment, with an unknown number of losses by the Sherbrooke Fusiliers. Casualty statistics for the 12th SS (Panzergrenadierregiment 26, 1st battalion) indicate 155 total infantry losses,; the 1st SS Panzer division (Leibstandarte Adolf Hitler), responsible for the counter-attack on July 5, lost approximately 20 tanks. Its infantry (Panzergrenadierregiment 1, 3rd battalion) is also known to have lost 115 men killed, wounded or missing 

</doc>
<doc id="19954451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954451" title="Feeding the Abscess">
Feeding the Abscess

Feeding The Abscess is Martyr's 3rd full-length album. It was released by Galy Records in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19954468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954468" title="Miracle in the Rain">
Miracle in the Rain

Miracle in the Rain is a novella by American writer Ben Hecht, published in the April 3, 1943 issue of "The Saturday Evening Post" weekly magazine then, within six months, issued in booklet form and, thirteen years later, following three live television productions in 1949, 1950 and 1953, which reduced the story to plot essentials, was adapted by him into a Warner Bros. feature film released on March 31, 1956.
Film version.
Hecht's 1956 screenplay is directed by Rudolph Maté and stars Jane Wyman as a lonely New York City office worker and Van Johnson as the happy-go-lucky soldier whom she meets during a downpour. Character actress Eileen Heckart, who plays Jane Wyman's office friend, and Arte Johnson, who achieved TV fame twelve years later on "Laugh-In", are seen here in their debut performances on the big screen. The music is by Franz Waxman and the black-and-white cinematography is by Russell Metty. A subplot about the heroine's father, which was not in the original story, became one of the elements in the embellished screenplay.
The film was produced on location, with several sequences filmed in Central Park and St. Patrick's Cathedral. Ten months before its release, while appearing as the "Mystery Guest" on the May 22, 1955 episode of CBS' live primetime weekly game show, "What's My Line?", Van Johnson mentioned that he was in New York shooting scenes for his new film, "Miracle in the Rain".
The film earned an estimated $1.4 million in North American rentals during 1956.
Plot.
In 1942, a few months after America's entry into World War II, secretary Ruth Wood (Jane Wyman) lives quietly in New York City with her physically and emotionally fragile mother Agnes (Josephine Hutchinson). Ruth's co-workers at Excelsior Shoe Manufacturing Company are Grace Ullman (Eileen Heckart) and Millie Kranz (Peggie Castle), a young blonde who is having an affair with her married boss, Stephen Jalonik (Fred Clark). Also in the office is Monty (Arte Johnson), a young shipping clerk classified by the draft as 4-F, who monitors the war's campaigns on a world map pinned to the wall. One evening after work, when a cloudburst forces Ruth and other pedestrians to take shelter in the vestibule of an office building, Arthur Hugenon (Van Johnson), a cheerful, talkative G.I. stationed in the area, surprises the shy Ruth by starting a conversation. When he invites her to dinner, she declines, saying that her housebound mother is expecting her. Undeterred, Art buys food for three at a delicatessen and accompanies Ruth home. Agnes, who has distrusted men since her husband Harry left her for another woman ten years earlier, receives Art with little enthusiasm. During the meal, Art, who grew up on a Tennessee farm, captivates Ruth with his stories and afterward entertains them by playing the piano. Upon finding the manuscript of an unfinished song Harry composed, Art asks permission to take it back to camp, where he and an Army buddy will write lyrics for it. On the weekend, Art takes Ruth and Grace to a matinee. On their way to a restaurant, they stop at an auction and Ruth impulsively bids on an antique Roman coin, which she gives to Art for good luck. At the Café Normandy, where they have dinner, Ruth is unaware that the piano player is her father (William Gargan), whom she has not seen since he left Agnes. However, Harry recognizes Ruth and confides to the bartender that he has been too ashamed to return to his family.
Later, Ruth tells Art that Agnes tried to kill herself after Harry left and still hopes for his return. On their next Sunday date Art arrives late, but brings the lyrics he and his friend have written for Harry's song, entitled "I'll Always Believe in You", which they sing together, before Art takes Ruth out. As they walk through Central Park, Ruth voices her fears about the war and Art tells her she must have faith. They then encounter Sergeant Gil Parker (Alan King), while he takes snapshots of his new bride, Arlene Witchy (Barbara Nichols), who works as a striptease dancer. Gil asks Art to take their picture and then offers to photograph Art and Ruth. In private, Gil warns Art that his division will soon be shipped overseas, but Art refuses to believe the rumor. At the lagoon, where children are sailing toy boats, Art recognizes the name of an elderly man, Commodore Eli B. Windgate (Halliwell Hobbes). "Windy", as he is now called, is a former yacht owner who owned many of the surrounding buildings before losing his fortune. Art, who hopes to be a reporter after the war, senses a good story and interviews Windy on the spot. He then takes Ruth to "The New York Times" Building and convinces the city editor to let him write the human interest story. Instead of taking payment, Art asks to be considered for a reporting job after the war. On their next date, Art arrives late riding on a truck filled with other soldiers. Having only a few minutes before he will be shipped out, he asks Ruth to marry him when he returns and, to allay her fears, says he still has the lucky Roman coin.
For three months, Ruth writes Art every day, but receives no letters in return. Finally, a specially delivered letter arrives, informing her that Art died on the battlefield and that his dying wish was that she be told he still loves her. Ruth despairs, although her friends and co-workers try to console her. Millie, moved by Ruth's misfortune, drops Jalonik as her lover and takes another job. Grace finds Ruth mourning in Central Park and takes her to St. Patrick's Cathedral, where Ruth lights candles under the statue of St. Andrew. Jalonik, hoping Ruth will fill the void left by Millie in his personal life, takes her to the Café Normandy to cheer her up, but Ruth is too grief-stricken to pay him any attention. Art's friend Dixie (unbilled Paul Smith) publishes Harry's song under his own name, and when Harry hears it on the radio, he calls Agnes to ask her what happened to his manuscript. When Agnes answers the phone, he loses his nerve and hangs up. Although he has written several letters to Agnes, Harry always loses courage and tears them up.
Ruth returns often to the statue of St. Andrew and talks to the young priest (Paul Picerni) there. Losing interest in life, she ignores a cold, which turns into pneumonia. Mrs. Hammer, the upstairs neighbor who has often helped Ruth care for Agnes, now helps Agnes nurse Ruth. One rainy night, the feverish Ruth leaves the apartment while her mother dozes off, just before Harry, having mustered his courage, goes there to apologize to Agnes for leaving. Ruth's parents realize Ruth is missing just as Grace telephones. Hearing that Ruth is gone from her sickbed, Grace realizes that she must be heading for the cathedral. As Ruth is climbing the cathedral steps, she hears Art's voice calling to her. In her delirium, she sees Art come to her and tell her that love never dies. Because he no longer needs the Roman coin, Art returns it to Ruth. A moment later, in the midst of the heavy, late evening rain, the priest finds Ruth unconscious on the steps, just as Grace arrives. When the priest finds the coin clasped in Ruth's hand, he shows it to Grace, who recognizes it and realizes that, for a brief time, Art had returned to Ruth.
Song.
The melody by Ruth's father, to which Art added words and turned into a song, is "I'll Always Believe in You", music by Ray Heindorf and M. K. Jerome, lyrics by Ned Washington.
Evaluation in film guides.
"Leonard Maltin's Movie Guide" gave "Miracle in the Rain" 2½ stars (out of 4), describing it as an "above-par soaper of two lost souls" and "Steven H. Scheuer's Movies on TV" also assigned 2½ stars (out of 4), calling it a "sentimental picture".
Veteran critic and "TimeOut Film Guide" founding editor Tom Milne characterized it as a "weepie" and found it "not a patch on Minnelli's "The Clock", though much better than one might expect, thanks to a similar concern for humble detail and a nice array of New York locations", but concluded that "the final 'miracle' — one of scriptwriter Ben Hecht's follies", to be "a tough lump of goo to swallow".
Assigning 2 stars (out of 5), "The Motion Picture Guide" opined that "Ben Hecht was usually a lot more cynical than what he showed in his novel and screenplay for this hankie-grabber". Evaluating that the presentation has "a bit of comedy from comic King and Nichols, as a stripper, but it's otherwise heavy going", the write-up decides that "too many secondary stories and not enough on-screen time between Wyman and a living, breathing Johnson, are what detract from the picture".
Television productions.
"Tele-Theater" (1949).
During the late 1940s and early 1950s, at the start of a period in American TV which was subsequently characterized as the Golden Age of Television or, more precisely, "Golden Age of Live TV Drama", three anthology drama showcases used varying time formats to broadcast adaptations of "Miracle in the Rain". The first of these aired as the February 14, 1949 episode of NBC's 30-minute weekly live drama series, "Chevrolet Tele-Theater". Presented on a high budget by the automaker, the show's productions tended to use established Hollywood talent which was more expensive than lesser-known actors from the New York stage. Reducing the plot to its core elements, the twenty-six minute Valentine's Day encapsulation of the original novella starred, as Ruth, Mary Anderson who, in the previous five years, had played the female lead or second lead in six major studio films, including 1944's "Lifeboat" and "Wilson", 1946's "To Each His Own" and 1947's "Whispering City". Art was portrayed, in his TV debut, by John Dall who, a few months earlier, in 1948, had co-starred as one of the two Leopold and Loeb-like thrill killers in Alfred Hitchcock's first Technicolor film, "Rope" and, two years before that, at the 18th Academy Awards, was one of the nominees for Best Supporting Actor as a result of his first film role, playing a young Welsh coal miner given a chance for a better life in 1945's "The Corn Is Green". The production was directed by Barry Bernard and adapted by "The Corn Is Green" playwright Emlyn Williams. No specific details are available to indicate other cast members or, to confirm whether the entire storyline may have been presented by the two leads as the sole recreators of the plot.
"Studio One" (1950).
The following year, "Westinghouse Studio One", which started, in 1948, as CBS' first regularly-scheduled weekly anthology drama series and, unlike "Chevrolet Tele-Theater", had an hour-long time slot, presented its adaptation (by David Shaw) on May 1, 1950. Directed by Franklin J. Schaffner, whose helming of "Patton", twenty years later, would win him an Academy Award for Best Director, the live production starred Jeffrey Lynn. In the three years between his film debut in 1938 and the start of his World War II service in 1941, Lynn played leads and second leads in eighteen films and was touted by his studio, Warner Bros., as a potential top star of the future. However, upon returning to the screen after a seven-year absence, he found that his initial six films in the 1948–50 period, including the acclaimed "A Letter to Three Wives", did not restore his career as leading man and he turned to television, making his small-screen debut with "Miracle in the Rain". The role of Ruth was given to Joy Geffen, a New York stage actress whose entire screen career encompassed six TV episodes aired between 1949 and 1953. The storyline allowed for two additional characters, Ruth's mother, portrayed by Catherine Squire, and Ruth's office friend, whose given name, in this adaptation, was changed from Grace to Flora Ullman, played by Eleanor Wilson.
"Tales of the City" (1953).
Just over three years later, on August 20, 1953, another production of the story, once again pared down to a half hour, was presented by a live drama showcase based on the stories of the novella's original author. A seven-episode CBS summer series, referenced as "Tales of the City", but bearing the official title, "Willys Theatre Presenting Ben Hecht's Tales of the City", used Hecht as the unseen narrator, setting the scenes at the opening of his stories, filling in gaps, and offering closing comments. "Miracle in the Rain", the fifth episode, adapted, as were all the others, by Hecht, and directed by Robert Stevens, starred, as Art and Ruth, two familiar TV faces, William Prince and Phyllis Thaxter. Prince, who served in World War II, and briefly appeared as a serviceman in one of 1944's highest grossing films, the wartime morale booster "Hollywood Canteen", played second and third leads in seven additional films made between 1943 and 1950, with the last giving him the third-billed role of Cyrano's friend Christian de Neuvillette in José Ferrer's Oscar-winning portrayal of "Cyrano de Bergerac", and then devoted his career entirely to television. Likewise, Phyllis Thaxter, at the start of a long TV career, after playing a couple of minor leads and several second and third leads in seventeen films produced between 1944 and 1952, made her first small-screen appearance in this twenty-six-minute miniaturization of "Miracle in the Rain", which included Una Merkel as Ruth's mother and Mildred Dunnock as Grace.

</doc>
<doc id="19954491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954491" title="A Christmas Calendar (TV special)">
A Christmas Calendar (TV special)

A Christmas Calendar is a 1987 PBS holiday special hosted and narrated by Loretta Swit. The program was co-produced for PBS by Deutsche Welle and Oregon Public Broadcasting.
Description.
Loretta Swit travels to Germany to discover the holiday traditions in the European country. Swit journeys through various regions of Germany including spending some of the holiday with a German family. She discovers the origins of St Nicholas, the Christmas traditions such as the Christkindlmarkt as well as show the viewers the winter scenery of the country. The program includes seasonal music with insight of the origins of the titles.
Production.
Location scenes for the program included Nuremberg, Munich, Aachen, Stuttgart, Hamburg, and Berlin, Germany. The program has not been released on VHS or DVD.

</doc>
<doc id="19954499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954499" title="Bromide (Japanese culture)">
Bromide (Japanese culture)

In Japan, bromide (ブロマイド), or promide (プロマイド) refers to a category of commercial photographic portraits of celebrities including geisha, singers, actors and actresses of both stage and film, and sports stars. The use of the term "bromide" or "promide" occurs regardless of whether bromide paper was actually used for the photograph.
In 1921 the Marubell Company began marketing photographs of celebrities under the name "Promide". The first of these was a portrait of the film actress Sumiko Kurishima. Marubell sold the photographic paper as "bromide", and its finished photographs as "Promide". The two words eventually became synonymous and between the mid-1940s and the late-1980s sales of "bromides" were used to measure the popularity of Japanese idols. Sales records were released on a monthly basis for the following categories: "Male Singers", "Female Singers", "Actors", and "Actresses".
The use of the term "bromide" (or "promide") to refer to a celebrity photograph remains a part of Japanese popular consciousness, and reference books such as the Kōjien Dictionary and NHK's Broadcasting Glossary recognize the term as such. Although the term is gradually falling out of use, it still occasionally appears in Japanese media (including manga, TV shows and video games).
The term is actively used in Korean culture, where it is the name of a K-pop magazine. Based on usage of the term by, for example, sellers of K-pop goods on eBay, "bromide" denotes an oversized photo or mini-poster of a celebrity on card stock with a laminated cover or glossy finish.

</doc>
<doc id="19954517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954517" title="Christian Neal Capes">
Christian Neal Capes

Christian Neal Capes is an English model, reality television celebrity, host and producer for Unseen TV; a Malaysian online entertainment website. He hails from Clacton, Essex in England.
Career.
After studying for a business degree at the University of Hertfordshire Business School in the UK, he shot to fame when he starred in the Malaysian reality show "What Women Want" (2006). He won the Malaysian CLEO's Most Eligible Bachelor of the Year title in the same year.
In 2007 to 2008, he was a columnist for "Faces", "New Man" and "Oxygen" magazines, as well as appearing on numerous television campaigns for Brylcreem, Head & Shoulders and print campaigns for Digi and Yahoo!, among others. He was a lead actor in the number one hit single "Percayah Sayang" with "Academi Fantasia" winner Vince Chong and future star of 'Phua Chu Kang Pte Ltd' Carliff Carleel.
During a year behind the cameras in 2009, producing a popular health show on TV3, Capes appeared in the "Short And Sweet" theatre festival.
In 2010, Capes moved into the online entertainment industry as a host and producer for Unseen TV. He has stated that he wants to make Unseen TV a success before he considers his next move.
He has interviewed high profile celebrities such as Basement Jaxx, Mani from the Stone Roses, his childhood football hero Bryan Robson as well as many of Malaysias finest musicians including Reshmonu, Mila and many others.
He currently appears in numerous media channels in Malaysia as a celebrity.

</doc>
<doc id="19954541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954541" title="Max Hansen">
Max Hansen

Max Hansen (31 July 1908 – 7 March 1990) was a "Standartenführer" (Colonel), in the "Waffen-SS" who was awarded the Knight's Cross with Oak Leaves. The Knights Cross was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II. The Oakleaves was a second award.
Early life.
Hansen was born on 31 July 1908 at Niebüll, Germany. Before joining the SS he was apprenticed to a locksmith.
Military career.
In 1933 he joined the "SS-Verfügungstruppe" and by 1939 was the commander of the 12th Company in the "Leibstandarte SS Adolf Hitler". In 1941, he was awarded the German Cross in Gold and promoted to "Sturmbannführer" (Major). He was given command of the II./1st Panzer Grenadier Regiment "LSSAH".
It was whilst commanding this battalion during the Third Battle of Kharkov on 28 March 1943 that Hansen was awarded the Knight's Cross. His battalion broke through to Red Square in Kharkov, conducted house-to-house fighting and opened the way to the city centre, so that the northern part of Kharkov could be taken.
Hansen later went on to command the 1st SS Panzer Grenadier Regiment "LSSAH". With his regiment he took part in the Ardennes Offensive and the offensive in Hungary, Operation Spring Awakening in 1945 during which he was awarded the Oak Leaves to his Knight's Cross.
He ended the war as a "Standartenführer".
Later life.
Max Hansen died in the town of his birth on 7 March 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="19954546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954546" title="Pavlos Voskopoulos">
Pavlos Voskopoulos

Pavlos "Pavle" Filipov Voskopoulos (, ), (born 25 November 1964, Florina, Greece) is a member of the collective leadership (Political Secretariat) of the Rainbow, a political party that represents the ethnic Macedonian minority in Greece.
Background.
He was born in Florina, Greece in 1964. In 1988 he finished an Architect's degree in Belgrade, Yugoslavia. In 1989 he helped to found the "Macedonian Movement for Balkan Prosperity" (MAKIVE) which was based in Aridaia, along with four others; Dimitris Papadimitriou, Traianos Pasois, Kostas Tasopoulos and Petros Dimtsis. MAKIVE never participated in any elections. His first cousin Ioannis Voskopoulos, an elected Administrator of Florina prefecture, as well as other members of his family, self-identify as Greeks.
Rainbow party.
In 1994 he helped to found the Rainbow Party, of which he has been one of the leading figures since then. The party opened its first office in the Greek city of Florina on 6 September 1995. On 14 September he, along with three other members of the Rainbow Party were charged with "having caused and incited mutual hatred among the citizens" by the local Florina court. Soon organisations such as Amnesty International came to the support of the members of the Rainbow Party, claiming that they would become "prisoners of conscience" if they were to be jailed for the offence.
Public Appearances.
He has been a prominent figure in Greek media, with numerous appearances in talkshows, and in media of the neighbouring Republic of Macedonia. He has attracted criticism for his positions and activities, given their controversial nature (for more see Macedonia naming dispute).

</doc>
<doc id="19954561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954561" title="Bushūyama Takashi">
Bushūyama Takashi

Career.
Bushuyama was a member of the sumo club at Daito Bunka University, and reached the round of 16 in the 1998 All Japan Sumo Championship. As his club did not have many members, they regularly trained at Musashigawa stable, and this was the heya he joined upon entering the professional ranks. He made his debut in the same tournament as Asashōryū. He was given special dispensation to begin his career in the third highest makushita division because of his achievements in amateur sumo, but in 2001 fell to the jonidan division because of an elbow injury. He reached the second highest jūryō division in September 2003, the first member of his university to attain sekitori status. 
In 2005 he fell back to makushita, and did not return to jūryō until January 2007. He won the jūryō division championship for the first time in July 2008, with a 12-3 record. He followed up with a 10-5 score in September. In November 2008, he was finally promoted to the top division. It had taken him 59 tournaments to win promotion to the top division from his debut, which at the time was the longest of any former collegiate champion (this dubious honor is now held by Tsurugidake). At 32 years and five months he was also the fourth oldest wrestler to make his top division debut since the end of World War II. 
Bushuyama scored eight wins in his top division debut and was promoted to maegashira 6 for the January 2009 tournament. However, a very disappointing 2-13 record there meant he was demoted back to the jūryō division for the March 2009 tournament. He scored 8-7 there, enough for an immediate top division return. He recovered from 1-5 down in May to score 9-6 at maegashira 15. In the September tournament he produced his best top division score to date of 10-5, narrowly failing to win a special prize after being beaten on the final day. He was promoted to his highest rank to date of maegashira 3 for November 2009. He defeated ozeki Kotomitsuki in this tournament, but recorded a make-koshi score of 6-9. In January 2010 he produced a poor 2-13 record, the same score from the same rank as the previous Hatsu basho in 2009. However on this occasion he remained in the top division for the following tournament, albeit at the very lowest rank of Maegashira 16 West. He lost his top division status after scoring only 4-11 in March, but won his second jūryō championship with an 11-4 record in May and secured an immediate return to "makuuchi". He was demoted to "juryo" again after the November 2010 tournament, and lost sekitori status altogether after the May 2012 tournament, never to regain it. He announced his retirement after the January 2013 basho. 
He was a contemporary of Wakanosato and Takamisakari, both also from Aomori.
Fighting style.
Bushuyama favoured yotsu-sumo or a grappling style, preferring a hidari-yotsu or right hand outside, left hand inside grip on his opponents mawashi. His most common winning technique was yori-kiri (force-out) followed by oshi dashi (push out) and yori-taoshi (force out and down).
Career record.
　
　
　
　
　
　
　
　
　

</doc>
<doc id="19954570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954570" title="Taka Kato">
Taka Kato

Life and career.
Taka Kato was born in Akita on May 1, 1962, He graduated from high school in Akita and in 1988 went to Tokyo where he worked as a photographer and adult video actor. His official profile claims performances in 5000 to 5300 videos as of 2005. At the 8th Tokyo Sports Film Awards for work in 1997, he won the AV Leading Actor Award.
Kato is famous in the Japanese AV industry for his ability to induce "shiofuki" or female ejaculation. His prowess in this area has earned him the title "Goldfinger". It was reported in 2007 that Kato's AV workload had lessened because he had erectile dysfunction issues, but Kato called it "all just a vicious rumor", though admitting he may no longer have the prowess of a 20-year old.
Kato made his debut as a director with "Superstar Loves Lolita" (スーパースターはロリが好き) starring Yuu Aine and released by AV studio Dogma on September 15, 2007. The video, in which Kato also acted, was part of the 3rd D-1 Climax contest for Dogma directors. Kato's entry finished 8th among the 14 competitors.
In 2008, Kato joined talents with legendary Dogma director and founder TOHJIRO for a 10th anniversary celebration of their "Lessons in Secret Technique" "shiofuki" video. In this new collaboration, "10 Year Special Lessons In Secret Technique Men’s Bible Vol. 1" (あれから10年 秘技伝授 男のバイブル[完全潮吹き入門] Vol.1), released June 19, 2008, Kato demonstrates his technique using a plastic transparent vagina. His Dogma pupils have only limited success imitating him with actresses Hotaru Akane, Ryo Akanishi, Marin Izumi, Yuu Tsuyuno and Mayura Hoshitsuki. Akanishi wins the special prize of having sex with Taka Kato. In a second video, "10 Year Special - Lessons In Secret Technique - Men’s Bible Vol. 2" (あれから10年 秘技伝授 男のバイブル Vol.2), released July 19, 2008, Kato continues the lesson using vibrators. The Dogma staff learn their lessons well and apply them to actresses Marin Izumi, Yuu Tsuyuno, Ryou Natsume, Mayura Hoshitsuki, and Akane Mochida.
Kato has also acted in several softcore V-Cinema films and has had appearances on TV and in videos as an expert in sexual techniques. He has published several books on the subject as well. He has even joined with a classical orchestra to whisper words of love on the 2006 CD "Lovers Classic".
In February 2005, Kato used his porn expertise as one of a panel of 5 judges which gave out the first Adult Broadcasting Awards for adult shows on Japanese satellite TV broadcaster SKY PerfecTV!. Kato also presided as the host of an Internet variety TV program on GyaO called "Corner Kick" (コーナーキック). Sixteen of the 60 minute shows were produced in 2007. AV actress Hitomi Hasegawa was a regular on the program and guest stars included AV Idols Nao Oikawa and Kurumi Morishita as well as porn actor Ryuji Yamamoto.
Kato was one of the people interviewed for Misato Nakayama's January 2006 study of professionals in the adult industry, , published by Ohzora (ISBN 4-7767-9229-X).

</doc>
<doc id="19954592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954592" title="Sex Cymbal">
Sex Cymbal

Sex Cymbal is the fourth solo album from Sheila E, released on Warner Bros. Records in 1991, four years after Sheila E.'s previous album. It is her first album that does not feature any input from her mentor Prince.
History.
In 1990 Sheila went into the studio to record the album with her brother Peter Michael. She and Michael produced the whole album together and a few songs feature co-production from David Gusman and J.P. Charles.
"Sex Cymbal" produced three singles, "Sex Cymbal", "Droppin' Like Flies", and "Cry Baby". The title track was released as the lead single, and it reached the top 40 of the R&B and Dance charts. The second single, "Droppin' Like Flies", was a top 40 Dance hit but stalled at #77 on the R&B charts. The third and final single from the album, "Cry Baby", failed to chart.
The album is a departure from her previous album "Sheila E.", which was notable for its Latin influence and mixing many styles of music such as jazz, rock, funk, R&B, and salsa. It has a very prominent house- and dance-focused sound that was popular in the late 1980s and the early 1990s.
Track listing.
Produced and arranged by Sheila E. and Peter Michael except where noted
Other.
Sheila was unable to promote the album due to a severe health scare, described in the article on her.

</doc>
<doc id="19954596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954596" title="Biometrics Institute">
Biometrics Institute

The Biometrics Institute is the independent and international membership organisation for biometrics. It was founded in July 2001 in Australia responding to an industry need for an impartial forum for sharing knowledge and information about biometrics. It expanded its outreach to New Zealand in 2004, to Singapore in 2011 and opened a subsidiary in London, UK, in July 2011 to create a global biometrics network.
It is predominately a user group representing government departments and private organisations who are using or looking at using biometrics, but suppliers also form part of the membership. The organisation has over 100 member organisations from around the world.
The association currently holds four Biometrics Institute conferences every year: the Biometrics Institute Asia-Pacific Conference in May in Sydney, the Biometrics Institute New Zealand Conference in March in Wellington and a Technology Exhibition in November in Canberra and in June in London every year. It runs regular networking meetings around Australia, New Zealand, Singapore and the UK.
The Biometrics Institute has an office in Sydney, Australia and in London, UK.
History.
The Biometrics Institute was founded in October 2001, with initial funding from the Australian government. The objective of the Biometrics Institute is to promote the responsible use of biometrics and provide an international forum for information and education on biometrics for users, suppliers, academia and other key stakeholders.
The Biometrics Institute constitution was designed that way that it allows those user organisations (governments, financial services, transport etc.) double the voting rights than the suppliers. Its Board of Directors also has to have a majority of those user organisations. This set up is very different from most other biometrics associations.
The Biometrics Institute has been working on two government co-funded projects, a Biometrics Institute Privacy Code and a Biometrics Vulnerability Assessment Methodology.
In November 2011, a Biometrics Privacy Guideline was launched to provide international guidance on biometrics, privacy and data protection.
Biometrics & Data Protection.
A concern is how a person's biometric, once collected, can be protected. The Biometrics Institute addressed this issue in 2004 with the development of a Privacy Code. This Code was approved by the Australian Privacy Commissioner in September 2006 in order to protect consumer personal data beyond the protections offered by the Australian Privacy Act. The Code was replaced by a Biometrics Institute Privacy Charter, now renamed to Privacy Guideline, in 2011.
This Guideline has been designed by the Biometrics Institute to provide a universal guide for suppliers, end users, managers, data controllers and purchasers of biometric systems. It is the public’s assurance that the biometric managers have followed best practice privacy principles when designing, implementing and managing biometric based projects. The Charter is intended to be a guide across many different countries and jurisdictions. It takes into account the legislative and administrative frameworks of different countries but recognises that biometrics and information technologies do connect beyond national boundaries and across different fields as diverse as health records, border controls, consumer based applications in the telecommunications industry, banking and drivers licenses.
The Biometrics Institute Privacy Guideline is based on the principle that citizens, when providing their biometric, have a right to expect that those who design, implement and manage that biometric understand its unique value and are committed to a Charter that ensures best privacy practice in biometric design, policy and management.
For example the Biometrics Institute addresses the responsible use of Biometrics in schools by encouraging organisations to consider any issues that may impact on a person's privacy before implementing biometrics and recommends Privacy Impact Assessments.
The Biometrics Vulnerability Assessment Methodology.
Although there has been significant recent research into the vulnerability of various biometric systems to spoofing attacks, there is as yet no generally agreed method of assessing the degree of vulnerability in a principled fashion.
Since 2007, the Biometrics Institute has been working on this problem, partly co-funded by the Australian Government through the Department of Prime Minister and Cabinet. The goal is to develop a general methodology for vulnerability assessment applicable to any biometric system, and to apply it to a number of biometrics. A methodology has been developed and applied to a number of face, fingerprint and voice biometric systems.
In 2010, the Biometrics Institute established the Biometrics Institute Vulnerability Assessment Expert Group (BVAEG) to raise awareness about the importance of vulnerability assessments and that mitigation is available. This international group of government and research experts now regularly meets to discuss developments and activities.
Mission & Objectives.
The Biometrics Institute promotes the responsible and ethical use of biometrics, including due consideration to privacy concerns, it is a forum for discussion about biometrics between members, potential users and vendors, it educates and informs members, business and the community about biometrics, it promotes the development and awareness of standards, benchmarks and test regimes for the industry and provides policy input to governments in partnership with members and key stakeholders biometrics.

</doc>
<doc id="19954608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954608" title="Karl Siegling">
Karl Siegling

Karl Siegling is the owner and manager of Cadence Asset Management Pty Ltd, a private Australian company that manages funds for Cadence Capital Limited. He holds a Bachelor of Commerce and a Law degree from the University of Melbourne as well as an MBA from INSEAD.
Cadence Asset Management.
Cadence Asset Management is a private company founded and owned by Karl Siegling. It manages three pools of capital:
Allegedly Misleading Prospectus.
In 2004, it was reported that Siegling had instigated a class action against Melbourne Company Concept Sports for allegedly issuing a misleading prospectus. 
The principal Australian law that proscribes misleading statements concerning the offer of new securities is the Corporations Act, in particular Section 728.

</doc>
<doc id="19954622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954622" title="Kerrigan v. Commissioner of Public Health">
Kerrigan v. Commissioner of Public Health

Kerrigan v. Commissioner of Public Health, 289 Conn. 135, 957 A.2d 407, is a 2008 decision by the Connecticut Supreme Court holding that allowing same-sex couples to form same-sex unions but not marriages violates the Connecticut Constitution. It was the third time that a ruling by the highest court of a U.S. state legalized same-sex marriage, following Massachusetts in "Goodridge v. Department of Public Health" (2003) and California in "In re Marriage Cases" (2008).
Background.
Connecticut had a relatively liberal record on the question of rights for gays and lesbians. It had repealed its law criminalizing consensual sodomy in 1969, banned discrimination based on sexual orientation in 1991, and authorized second-parent adoptions in 2000.
In response to an inquiry from officials of two Connecticut towns asking whether they could issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples, Attorney General Richard Blumenthal wrote on May 17, 2004, the day that same-sex marriage became legal in Massachusetts:
Lawsuit.
On August 25, 2004, Gay and Lesbian Advocates and Defenders (GLAD) filed a lawsuit on behalf of seven (later eight) Connecticut same-sex couples in State Superior Court, challenging the state's denial of the right to marry to same-sex couples. All had been denied marriage licenses in Madison and several were raising children. They argued that this violated the equality and liberty provisions of the Connecticut Constitution. Attorney General Blumenthal said: "The question is whether there's a denial of equal protection of the law. My job is to defend the statutes whether I like them or not, and we do that as vigorously and as zealously as we can." The Family Institute of Connecticut asked to be allowed to intervene to defend the suit, but Judge Patty Jenkins Pittman denied that request and her decision was upheld on appeal.
In October 2005, the Connecticut civil unions statute took effect. It was designed to provide same-sex couples with all the benefits and responsibilities of marriage, but it made explicit for the first time in Connecticut that marriage was the union of a man and a woman. The plaintiffs filed an amendment complaint focusing on the distinction between marriage and civil unions.
The court heard oral argument on March 21, 2006. On July 12, 2006, Judge Pittman ruled against the plaintiffs. She called the state's recent establishment of civil unions "courageous and historic". She found no meaningful distinction between marriages and civil unions except for the provision of benefits by the federal government, which did not implicate the state. She wrote:
She noted that "the plaintiffs may feel themselves to be relegated to a second class status, there is nothing in
the text of the Connecticut statutes that can be read to place the plaintiffs there." She also described the court's "very limited authority to interfere with the determination of the General Assembly", i.e., the legislature, which she called "the arbiter of public policy".
Decision.
The Supreme Court of Connecticut heard the appeal by the plaintiffs on May 14, 2007. Jane R. Rosenberg, representing the Attorney General, told the Court: "We're not talking about granting rights and benefits; we're talking about a word." Bennett Klein, representing the plaintiffs, called civil unions "a less prestigious, less advantageous, institution". When Klein argued that same-sex marriage was a fundamental right and guaranteed by the state constitution's ban on sex-based discrimination, Justice David M. Borden told him he was "riding two horses". Much of the argument concerned whether the Court needed to treat sexual orientation as a "suspect class", a category that would require the state to meet a higher standard for treating them as a class apart. Part of that argument addressed whether gays and lesbians can be termed "politically powerless". When Rosenberg pointed to their recent "significant advances" and suggested the trend would continue, Justice Richard N. Palmer asked: "Is that your argument—give them more time and they'll do better?" The Justices also referenced recent activity in the legislature, where a week earlier the judiciary committee had endorsed same-sex marriage by a vote of 27-15, surprising legislators who then prevailed upon the bill's sponsors to delay its consideration.
The Court issued its opinion on October 10, 2008. The Court ruled 4-3 that denying same-sex couples the right to marry, even granted them a parallel status under another name like "civil unions", violated the equality and liberty provisions of the Connecticut Constitution.
Justice Richard N. Palmer wrote for the majority, joined by Justices Joette Katz, Flemming L. Norcott, Jr., and Connecticut Appellate Court Judge Lubbie Harper, Jr. (who replaced the recused Chief Justice Chase T. Rogers). The Court found a substantial difference between marriages and civil unions:
The ruling was scheduled to take effect on October 28. It was the first ruling by a state's highest court that found allowing same-sex couples their own marriage-like status, in this case civil unions, failing to meet the state constitution's equal protection standard. At the time, three states had civil unions (Vermont, New Hampshire and New Jersey) and four had domestic partnerships (Maine, Washington, Oregon and Hawaii).
Justices David M. Borden, Christine S. Vertefeuille, and Peter T. Zarella each field a dissent. Borden wrote that civil unions deserved more time: "Our experience with civil unions is simply too new and the views of the people of our state about it as a social institution are too much in flux to say with any certitude that the marriage statute must be struck down". Zarella found procreation a sufficient rationale for restricting marriage to different-sex couples: "The ancient definition of marriage as the union of one man and one woman has its basis in biology, not bigotry. The fact that same sex couples cannot engage in sexual conduct of a type that can result in the birth of a child is a critical difference in this context."
Governor Jodi Rell said that she would enforce the decision even though she disagreed with it. She said: "The Supreme Court has spoken. I do not believe their voice reflects the majority of the people of Connecticut. However, I am also firmly convinced that attempts to reverse this decision, either legislatively or by amending the state Constitution, will not meet with success." Peter Wolfgang, executive director of the Family Institute of Connecticut, called the judges "robed masters" and "philosopher kings". He said: "It's an outrage, but not an unexpected outrage. We have thought all along that this court would usurp democracy and impose same-sex marriage by judicial fiat." To counter the decision, he sdaid Connecticut voters needed to support a proposal on the November 4 ballot to call a constitutional convention, which could lead to a popular vote on same-sex marriage.
Marriages.
On November 12, 2008, the first marriage licenses were issued to same-sex couples in Connecticut. Since California voters had passed a ban on same-sex marriage a few days earlier, Connecticut joined Massachusetts as the only other state licensing same-sex marriages.
In the three years between the time civil unions became available in Connecticut and the first same-sex marriages there, approximately 1,800 couples established civil unions.
In the first year that marriage license were available to them, 1,746 same-sex couples married in Connecticut.

</doc>
<doc id="19954642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954642" title="The Other Half (band)">
The Other Half (band)

"For the Canadian 2000s tour band, see: Leslie Carter."
The Other Half were a psychedelic hard rock band, based in San Francisco, active in the mid-to-late 1960s.
History.
The Other Half formed in Los Angeles Southern California, but later moved to San Francisco. They played several shows at Chet Helms Family Dog shows at the Avalon Ballroom. Their music was strongly influenced by Yardbirds and Rolling Stones. Guitarist Randy Holden had been offered the chance to replace Jeff Beck in the Yardbirds before joining The Other Half. The Other Half were at their peak when the music scene was at its height in San Francisco and the Flower Power movement in full swing in Haight Ashbury. Their style changed from an earlier vocal based garage band, to the loudest big stage band sound of the time, taken in that direction by former Sons of Adam guitarist Randy Holden. Their sound has been compared to The Yardbirds, and contained elements of blues, hard rock, and Eastern melodic influences. Holden left the band after their debut album was recorded, dissatisfied with the recording and the guitar he was playing at the time, later stating "I was trying to accommodate everyone else, at the expense of my own soul and happiness". Despite Holden's misgivings, the album has been described as "awesome incendiary rock".
Holden went on to join Blue Cheer before embarking on a solo career.
The band's "Mr. Pharmacist" was included on one of the "Nuggets" compilations in the early 1980s and was later covered by The Fall, becoming a No. 75 UK chart hit. A collection of their recordings, titled "Mr. Pharmacist" was issued in 1982. This included their entire 1968 album and several tracks from singles.

</doc>
<doc id="19954644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954644" title="Le Chat et la souris">
Le Chat et la souris

Le Chat et la souris (US title: "Cat and Mouse", also known as "Seven Suspects for Murder") is a 1975 French mystery film directed and written by Claude Lelouch. The film stars Michèle Morgan, Serge Reggiani and Jean-Pierre Aumont. 
It tells the story of a rich widow, whose philandering husband is killed, and an inspector tries to solve the murder mystery.

</doc>
<doc id="19954682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954682" title="Tajana">
Tajana

Tajana (also called Tajana Mandal) is a village, situated in Bahawalnagar District, Punjab, Pakistan. It consists 500 homes. The most common profession of the people is agriculture. 70% of the total agricultural land depends on rain water. There are no other sources of the water there.

</doc>
<doc id="19954699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954699" title="Nemanja Kojić">
Nemanja Kojić

Nemanja Kojić may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19954710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954710" title="Um interface">
Um interface

The Um interface is the air interface for the GSM mobile telephone standard. It is the interface between the mobile station (MS) and the Base transceiver station (BTS). It is called Um because it is the mobile analog to the U interface of ISDN. Um is defined in the GSM 04.xx and 05.xx series of specifications. Um can also support GPRS packet-oriented communication.
Um layers.
The layers of GSM are initially defined in GSM 04.01 Section 7 and roughly follow the OSI model. Um is defined in the lower three layers of the model.
Physical Layer (L1).
The Um physical layer is defined in the GSM 05.xx series of specifications, with the introduction and overview in GSM 05.01.
For most channels, Um L1 transmits and receives 184-bit control frames or 260-bit vocoder frames over the radio interface in 148-bit bursts with one burst per timeslot.
There are three sublayers:
Radio modem.
GSM uses GMSK or 8PSK modulation with 1 bit per symbol which produces a 13/48 MHz (270.833 kHz or 270.833 K symbols/second) symbol rate and a channel spacing of 200 kHz. Since adjacent channels overlap, the standard does not allow adjacent channels to be used in the same cell. The standard defines several bands ranging from 400 MHz to 1990 MHz. Uplink and downlink bands are generally separated by 45 or 50 MHz (at the low-frequency end of the GSM spectrum) and 85 or 90 MHz (at the high-frequency end of the GSM spectrum). Uplink/downlink channel pairs are identified by an index called the ARFCN. Within the BTS, these ARFCNs are given arbitrary carrier indexes C0..Cn-1, with C0 designated as a Beacon Channel and always operated at constant power.
GSM has physical and logical channels. The logical channel is time-multiplexed into 8 timeslots, with each timeslot lasting for 0.577ms and having 156.25 symbol periods. These 8 timeslots form a frame of 1,250 symbol periods. Channels are defined by the number and position of their corresponding burst period. The capacity associated with a single timeslot on a single ARFCN is called a physical channel (PCH) and referred to as "CnTm" where n is a carrier index and m is a timeslot index (0-7).
Each timeslot is occupied by a radio burst with a guard interval, two payload fields, tail bits, and a midamble (or training sequence). The lengths of these fields vary with the burst type but the total burst length is 156.25 symbol periods.
The most commonly used burst is the Normal Burst (NB).
The fields of the NB are:
There are several other burst formats, though. Bursts that require higher processing gain for signal acquisition have longer midambles. The random access burst (RACH) has an extended guard period to allow it to be transmitted with incomplete timing acquisition. Burst formats are described in GSM 05.02 Section 5.2.
Multiplexing and timing.
Each physical channel is time-multiplexed into multiple logical channels according to the rules of GSM 05.02. One logical channel constitute of 8 burst periods (or physical channels) which is called a "Frame". Traffic channel multiplexing follows a 26-frame (0.12 second) cycle called a "multiframe". Control channels follow a 51-frame multiframe cycle. The C0T0 physical channel carries the SCH, which encodes the timing state of the BTS to facilitate synchronization to the TDMA pattern.
GSM timing is driven by the serving BTS through the SCH and FCCH. All clocks in the handset, including the symbol clock and local oscillator, are slaved to signals received from the BTS, as described in GSM 05.10.
BTSs in the GSM network can be asynchronous and all timing requirements in the GSM standard can be derived from a stratum-3 OCXO.
Coding.
The coding sublayer provides forward error correction. As a general rule, each GSM channel uses a block parity code (usually a Fire code), a rate-1/2, 4th-order convolutional code and a 4-burst or 8-burst interleaver. Notable exceptions are the synchronization channel (SCH) and random access channel (RACH) that use single-burst transmissions and thus have no interleavers. For speech channels, vocoder bits are sorted into importance classes with different degrees of encoding protection applied to each class (GSM 05.03).
Both 260-bit vocoder frames and 184-bit L2 control frames are coded into 456 bit L1 frames. On channels with 4-burst interleaving (BCCH, CCCH, SDCCH, SACCH), these 456 bits are interleaved into 4 radio bursts with 114 payload bits per burst. On channels with 8-burst interleaving (TCH, FACCH), these 456 bits are interleaved over 8 radio bursts so that each radio burst carries 57 bits from the current L1 frame and 57 bits from the previous L1 frame. Interleaving algorithms for the most common traffic and control channels are described in GSM 05.03 Sections 3.1.3, 3.2.3 and 4.1.4.
Data Link Layer (L2).
The Um data link layer, LAPDm, is defined in GSM 04.05 and 04.06. LAPDm is the mobile analog to ISDN's LAPD.
Network Layer (L3).
The Um network layer is defined in GSM 04.07 and 04.08 and has three sublayers. A subscriber terminal must establish a connection in each sublayer before accessing the next higher sublayer.
The access order is RR, MM, CC. The release order is the reverse of that. Note that none of these sublayers terminate in the BTS itself. The standard GSM BTS operates only in layers 1 and 2.
Um logical channels.
Um logical channel types are outlined in GSM 04.03. Broadly speaking, non-GPRS Um logical channels fall into three categories: traffic channels, dedicated control channels and non-dedicated control channels.
Traffic channels (TCH).
These point-to-point channels correspond to the ISDN B channel and are referred to as Bm channels.
Traffic channels use 8-burst(Break) diagonal interleaving with a new block starting on every fourth burst and any given burst containing bits from two different traffic frames. This interleaving pattern makes the TCH robust against single-burst fades since the loss of a single burst destroys only 1/8 of the frame's channel bits.
The coding of a traffic channel is dependent on the traffic or vocoder type employed, with most coders capable of overcoming single-burst losses.
All traffic channels use a 26-multiframe TDMA structure.
Full-rate channels (TCH/F).
A GSM full rate channel uses 24 frames out of a 26-multiframe. The channel bit rate of a full-rate GSM channel is 22.7 kbit/s, although the actual payload data rate is 9.6-14 kbit/s, depending on the channel coding. This channel is normally used with the GSM 06.10 Full Rate, GSM 06.60 Enhanced Full Rate or GSM 06.90 Adaptive Multi-Rate speech codec. It can also be used for fax and Circuit Switched Data.
Half-rate channels (TCH/H).
A GSM half rate channel uses 12 frames out of a 26-multiframe. The channel bit rate of a half-rate GSM channel is 11.4 kbit/s, although the actual data capacity is 4.8-7 kbit/s, depending on the channel coding. This channel is normally used with the GSM 06.20 Half Rate or GSM 06.90 Adaptive Multi-Rate speech codec.
Dedicated Control Channels (DCCHs).
These point-to-point channels correspond to the ISDN D channel and are referred to as Dm channels.
Standalone Dedicated Control Channel (SDCCH).
The SDCCH is used for most short transactions, including initial call setup step, registration and SMS transfer. It has a payload data rate of 0.8 kbit/s. Up to eight SDCCHs can be time-multiplexed onto a single physical channel. The SDCCH uses 4-burst block interleaving in a 51-multiframe.
Fast Associated Control Channel (FACCH).
The FACCH is always paired with a traffic channel. The FACCH is a blank-and-burst channel that operates by stealing bursts from its associated traffic channel. Bursts that carry FACCH data are distinguished from traffic bursts by stealing bits at each end of the midamble. The FACCH is used for in-call signaling, including call disconnect, handover and the later stages of call setup. It has a payload data rate of 9.2 kbit/s when paired with a full-rate channel (FACCH/F) and 4.6 kbit/s when paired with a half-rate channel (FACCH/H). The FACCH uses the same interleaving and multiframe structure as its host TCH.
Slow Associated Control Channel (SACCH).
Every SDCCH or FACCH also has an associated SACCH. Its normal function is to carry system information messages 5 and 6 on the downlink, carry receiver measurement reports on the uplink and to perform closed-loop power and timing control. Closed loop timing and power control are performed with a physical header at the start of each L1 frame. This 16-bit physical header carries actual power and timing advance settings in the uplink and ordered power and timing values in the downlink. The SACCH can also be used for in-call delivery of SMS. It has a payload data rate of 0.2-0.4 kbit/s, depending on the channel with which it is associated. The SACCH uses 4-burst block interleaving and the same multiframe type as its host TCH or SDCCH.
Common Control Channels (CCCHs).
These are unicast and broadcast channels that do not have analogs in ISDN. These channels are used almost exclusively for radio resource management. The AGCH and RACH together form the medium access mechanism for Um.
Broadcast Control Channel (BCCH).
The BCCH carries a repeating pattern of system information messages that describe the identity, configuration and available features of the BTS.
BCCH brings the measurement reports
it bring the information about LAI And CGI
BCCH frequency are fixed in BTS
Synchronization Channel (SCH).
The SCH transmits a Base station identity code and the current value of the TDMA clock.
SCH repeats on every 1st, 11th, 21st, 31st and 41st frames of the 51 frame multi frame. So there are 5 SCH frames in a 51 frame multiframe.
Frequency Correction Channel (FCCH).
The FCCH generates a tone on the radio channel that is used by the mobile station to discipline its local oscillator. FCCH will repeat on every 0th, 10th, 20th, 30th and 40th frames of the 51 frame multiframe. So there are 5 FCCH frames in a 51 frame multiframe.
Paging Channel (PCH).
The PCH carries service notifications (pages) to specific mobiles sent by the network. A mobile station that is camped to a BTS monitors the PCH for these notifications sent by the network.
Access Grant Channel (AGCH).
The AGCH carries BTS responses to channel requests sent by mobile stations via the Random Access Channel.
Random Access Channel (RACH).
The RACH is the uplink counterpart to the AGCH. The RACH is a shared channel on which the mobile stations transmit random access bursts to request channel assignments from the BTS.
Allowed channel combinations.
The multiplexing rules of GSM 05.02 allow only certain combinations of logical channels to share a physical channel. The allowed combinations for single-slot systems are listed in GSM 05.02 Section 6.4.1.
Additionally, only certain of these combinations are allowed on certain timeslots or carriers and only certain sets of combinations can coexist in a given BTS. These restrictions are intended to exclude non-sensical BTS configurations and are described in GSM 05.02 Section 6.5.
The most common combinations are:
Fundamental Um transactions.
Basic speech service in GSM requires five transactions: radio channel establishment, location update, mobile-originating call establishment, mobile-terminating call establishment and call clearing. All of these transactions are described in GSM 04.08 Sections 3-7.
Radio channel establishment.
Unlike ISDN's U channel, Um channels are not hard-wired, so the Um interface requires a mechanism for establishing and assigning a dedicated channel prior to any other transaction.
The Um radio resource establishment procedure is defined in GSM 04.08 Section 3.3 and this is the basic medium access procedure for Um.
This procedure uses the CCCH (PCH and AGCH) as a unicast downlink and the RACH as a shared uplink.
In the simplest form, the steps of the transaction are:
Note that there is a small but non-zero probability that two MSs send identical RACH bursts at the same time in step 2. If these RACH bursts arrive at the BTS with comparable power, the resulting sum of radio signals will not be demodulable and both MSs will move to step 4. However, if there is a sufficient difference in power, the BTS will see and answer the more powerful RACH burst. Both MSs will receive and respond to the resulting channel assignment in step 3. To ensure recovery from this condition, Um uses a "contention resolution procedure" in L2, described in GSM 04.06 5.4.1.4 in which the first L3 message frame from the MS, which always contains some form of mobile ID, is echoed back to the MS for verification.
Location updating.
The location updating procedure is defined in GSM 04.08 Sections 4.4.1 and 7.3.1. This procedure normally is performed when the MS powers up or enters a new Location area but may also be performed at other times as described in the specifications.
In its minimal form, the steps of the transaction are:
There are many possible elaborations on this transaction, including:
Mobile-Originating Call (MOC) establishment.
This is the transaction for an outgoing call from the MS, defined in GSM 04.08 Sections 5.2.1 and 7.3.2 but taken largely from ISDN Q.931.
In its simplest form, the steps of the transaction are:
The TCH+FACCH assignment can occur at any time during the transaction, depending on the configuration of the network. There are three common approaches:
Mobile-Terminating Call (MTC) establishment.
This is the transaction for an incoming call to the MS, defined in GSM 04.08 Sections 5.2.2 and 7.3.3, but taken largely from ISDN Q.931.
As in the MOC, the TCH+FACCH assignment can happen at any time, with the three common techniques being early, late and very early assignment.
Call clearing.
The transaction for clearing a call is defined in GSM 04.08 Sections 5.4 and 7.3.4. This transaction is the same whether initiated by the MS or the network, the only difference being a reversal of roles. This transaction is taken from Q.931.
SMS transfer on Um.
GSM 04.11 and 03.40 define SMS in five layers:
As a general rule, every message transferred in L(n) requires both a transfer and an acknowledgment on L(n-1). Only L1-L4 are visible on Um.
Mobile-Originated SMS (MO-SMS).
The transaction steps for MO-SMS are defined in GSM 04.11 Sections 5, 6 and Annex B. In the simplest case, error-free delivery outside of an established call, the transaction sequence is:
Mobile-Terminated SMS (MT-SMS).
The transaction steps for MT-SMS are defined in GSM 04.11 Sections 5, 6 and Annex B. In the simplest case, error-free delivery outside of an established call, the transaction sequence is:
Um security features.
GSM 02.09 defines the following security features on Um:
Um also supports frequency hopping (GSM 05.01 Section 6), which is not specifically intended as a security feature but has the practical effect of adding significant complexity to passive interception of the Um link.
Authentication and encryption both rely on a secret key, Ki, that is unique to the subscriber. Copies of Ki are held in the SIM and in the Authentication Center (AuC), a component of the HLR. Ki is never transmitted across Um.
An important and well-known shortcoming of GSM security is that it does not provide a means for subscribers to authenticate the network. This oversight allows for false basestation attacks, such as those implemented in an IMSI catcher.
Authentication of subscribers.
The Um authentication procedure is detailed in GSM 04.08 Section 4.3.2 and GSM 03.20 Section 3.3.1 and summarized here:
Note that this transaction always occurs in the clear, since the ciphering key is not established until after the transaction is started.
Um encryption.
GSM encryption, called "ciphering" in the specifications, is implemented on the channel bits of the radio bursts, at a very low level in L1, after forward error correction coding is applied. This is another significant security shortcoming in GSM because:
A typical GSM transaction also includes LAPDm idle frames and SACCH system information messages at predictable times, affording a Known plaintext attack.
The GSM ciphering algorithm is called A5. There are four variants of A5 in GSM, only first three of which are widely deployed:
Ciphering is a radio resource function and managed with messages in the radio resource sublayer of L3, but ciphering is tied to authentication because the ciphering key Kc is generated in that process. Ciphering is initiated with the RR Ciphering Mode Command message, which indicates the A5 variant to be used. The MS starts ciphering and responds with the RR Ciphering Mode Complete message in ciphertext.
The network is expected to deny service to any MS that does not support either A5/1 or A5/2 (GSM 02.09 Section 3.3.3). Support of both A5/1 and A5/2 in the MS was mandatory in GSM Phase 2 (GSM 02.07 Section 2) until A5/2 was depreciated by the GSMA in 2006.
Anonymization of subscribers.
The TMSI is a 32-bit temporary mobile subscriber identity that can be used to avoid sending the IMSI in the clear on Um. The TMSI is assigned by the BSC and is only meaningful within specific network. The TMSI is assigned by the network with the MM TMSI Reallocation Command, a message that is normally not sent until after ciphering is started, so as to hide the TMSI/IMSI relationship. Once the TMSI is established, it can be used to anonymize future transactions. Note that the subscriber identity must be established before authentication or encryption, so the first transaction in a new network must be initiated by transmitting the IMSI in the clear.

</doc>
<doc id="19954724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954724" title="Elsbeth Schragmüller">
Elsbeth Schragmüller

Elsbeth Schragmüller (also known as Mademoiselle Docteur, Fräulein Doktor, Fair Lady, La Baronne, Mlle Schwartz; 7 August 1887, Schlüsselburg, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire — 24 February 1940, Munich, Bavaria) was a German spy during World War I. For many years she was invariably known as "Mademoiselle Docteur" or "Fräulein Doktor", her actual name being revealed only in 1945 from German intelligence documents captured by the Allies after World War II, by which time she had already died of miliary tuberculosis (in 1940). Her nickname acknowledges the fact that she had a doctoral degree in political science (and not psychology as some fictional portrayals have claimed) from the University of Freiburg, being one of the first generation of German women to gain an academic degree.
Life.
Schragmüller was the eldest of four children born to Prussian Army officer and bailiff Carl Anton Schragmüller and his wife Valesca Cramer von Clausbruch. Her younger brother was the future SA police chief of Magdeburg, Konrad Schragmüller. 
Schragmüller spent her childhood, first in Schlüsselburg and then with her grandmother in Münster, from here she was educated by her grandmother. From 1909-1914, she studied political science at Albert-Ludwigs-Universität in Freiburg. She finished her studies in 1913 and was one of the first women in Germany to acquire a university degree. After her studies she worked for the Berlin Lette-Verein as a lecturer in civic education. 
After the outbreak of the First World War, Schragmüller moved to occupied Belgium, where the German Governor General, Colmar von der Goltz, assigned her to Section VII, where she opened and intercepted letters. She later switched to intelligence collection and worked, after a short training period, in Lille for the General Staff's intelligence wing, or Abteilung IIIb. In 1915, Colonel Walter Nicolai, the head of Abteilung IIIb, assigned her as the chief of the "Kriegsnachrichten Antwerpen". By the war's end, Schragmüller held the rank of Lieutenant and had been awarded the Iron Cross First Class.
After armistice in 1918, Schragmüller resumed her academic career and became the first female assistant chair at Freiburg University. A few years later she moved with her family to Munich. Soon after her father and her brother Konrad, a senior SA officer, were shot during the Night of the Long Knives. Soon after, Elspeth also ended her career abruptly for unknown reasons. One reason may have been lack of money. 
Schragmüller died in 1940 at the age of 52 years of bone tuberculosis in her Munich apartment.
Urban legends.
The activities of "Fräulein Doktor" were the subject of various urban legends during World War I but, as she was neither captured nor unmasked during her lifetime, much of her life story remains obscure and speculative, and it is unclear to what extent the various fictional treatments of her life story are accurate. Her death early in World War II makes it unlikely that she contributed materially to the war effort even if, as some have claimed, she was again engaged in espionage activities.

</doc>
<doc id="19954730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954730" title="Vimaladharmasurya II of Kandy">
Vimaladharmasurya II of Kandy

Vimaladharmasurya II (ruled 1687–1707) was a king of Kandy who succeeded his father, Rajasinghe II. He allowed Joseph Vaz to settle in his kingdom and allowed him to preach the Christian faith.
Relations with Daud Khan Panni.
In the year 1703, the Mughal commander at Coromandel, Daud Khan Panni spent 10,500 coins to purchase 30 to 50 War elephants from Ceylon. These purchases were acknowledged by Vimaladharmasurya II of Kandy.

</doc>
<doc id="19954763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954763" title="1968 Tasman Series">
1968 Tasman Series

The 1968 Tasman Series was the fifth Tasman Series season. It began on 6 January 1968 and ended on 4 March after eight races. It was won by Jim Clark, driving a Lotus 49T.
It was the third and final Tasman Series win for Clark who was sadly killed in a Formula 2 crash on the ultra fast Hockenheim circuit in West Germany just over a month after the series concluded. Clark won the last of his twelve career Tasman Series wins when he won the 1968 Australian Grand Prix at the Sandown Raceway in Melbourne, only 0.1 seconds in front of the Ferrari 246T of Chris Amon after an famous duel between the pair.
Reigning Formula One World Champion Denny Hulme finished equal seventh in the series in his Formula 2 Brabham with a best finish of third in Round 3 for the Lady Wigram Trophy, his first race of the series.
Results.
Standings.
"All scores from points-scoring races were counted"

</doc>
<doc id="19954764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954764" title="Anu Choudhury">
Anu Choudhury

Anu Choudhury () Choudhury Anasuya Dash born on 30 August 1979 is a leading Indian actress. She has starred in more than 50 films. Her debut Oriya film was "Maa Goja Bayani" and Bengali film was surya in 2004.
She was born and brought up in the capital city of Bhubaneswar, was inspired by her father, who was a film make-up man. Anu began her career as a child artist in "Badhu Nirupama" and later was spotted by the leading directors of Oriya Film Industry. She made her debut in "Maa Gojabayani" and impressed everyone with her spectacular performance.
Early life.
Anu was born in Bhubaneswar to Oriya film editor Rabi Choudhury and Soudamini Choudhury. Rabi Chaudhury was a film make-up man and an editor, so she was quite familiar with film industry being a girl from film background. She graduated from R.D. Women's College, Bhubaneswar in home science before commencing a career as a film actress. Before coming to Oriya Film Industry she had never thought to be an actress. At her early age she had acted in two Oriya movies as child artist. Before being an actress she had given voice for many actresses in films in her infant age.
Career.
Career in Oriya Industry.
Anu began her career in Oriya film as a child artist. She acted as child artist in two movies, Badhu Nirupama and Mamata Mage Mula. As child artist she had done very small roles in these two movies. Her first film as main lead actress was Maa Gojabayani which was a huge hit in 1998. In her 1st movie though there was no such big stars, but still with her effort she was eligible to compete with Rachana Banerjee in Ollywood during that period. She won praise for her acting in the film. For her first movie she got "Odisha State Film Award for Best Actress" for that movie in Chalachitra Jagat award. Since then, she has acted in a number of films, "Biswaprakash". In "Biswaprakash" she acted with internationally acclaimed actress Nandita Das which movie is a part of Indian Panorama.
Then after she did movies like Mana Rahigala Tumari Thare, Maa-O-Mamata, Gare Sindura Dhare Luha. For Gare Sindura Dhare Luha movie she got Orissa State Film Awards as best actress. After that she continued to do many more movies. Anu got rush popularity in movie Rakhi Bandhili Mo Rakhiba Mana after which she became favorite of many directors, producers and viewers. After her movie Hari Bhai Harena she gave a new definition to Odisha Cinema. She also acted in Sashu Ghara Chalijibi which was produced by famous Rajshri Productions and co-starred Siddhanta Mahapatra.
Her first film in Bengali was "Ram Lakshman" but "Surya" was released first in 2004. Both films had Prosenjit Chatterjee in male lead. She has also acted in a Telugu movie "Subha Bela" directed by V.B. Ramana. Anu gave a super hit movie " Maa Gojabayani" at the entry of her into film industry.After that she gave a lot hit and super hit movie for Oriya film industry and became favorite of all directors. In her film career she has acted with many talented directors and costars. After her movie Hari Bhai harena she gave a new definition to orissa cinema. Her 1st Telugu movie "Subhavela" was a hit and that movie was a very controversial movie at that time. At the peak of her career she got married and after a very short time period, she had seven releases as lead actress in a single year 2007 out of which four were hits. Due to some personal issues she left Oriya industry for two years and back to industry after two years with two flop movies.But again she gave a hit number with " Pahili Raja" in which she had played a cop character which was very challenging and got many awards for that.
Career in South Industry.
Anu Choudhury started her career with Telugu movie " Subhavela" which was into controversy in 2000. There was a rumor that the print was seized on day one, and everybody's wondering why it has been released in just a single theater, unusual for a Telugu release. But all said and done, this one is just a rip off of Runaway Bride, the Hollywood film starring Richard Gere and Julia Roberts. The Hollywood version did good business at the box office, but this Tollywood version was with a doubtful starter. But just after one week the movie got released in huge number of theaters and did very good business.
The movie revolves around a young woman, Satya, (Anu) who dumps her bridegroom at the altar, not once but four times. The reason - her best friend attempts suicide after marriage. This unusual behavior attracts the attention of journalist Surya (Vijay), who begins writing a serial version for his newspaper, which turns into a bestseller.
Then after Anu Choudhury continued to act in Muthyam and then " Manasu Telusuko " . But unfortunately she didn't get much success in south industry.
Career in Bengali Industry.
Anu started her Bengali film career in 2004 with movie Surya opposite Prasenjit Chatterjee . The movie got huge success under the direction of Swapan Saha .Then she continued to be attached with Bengali film industry as one after another she got success with movies like Ram Laxman, Dadar Adesh, etc. She created a tremendous pairing with Prasenjit Chatterjee and Jishu Sengupta.
Her notable movies with Prasenjit Chatterjee are Surya, Dadar Adesh, Rajmaohal, Jamai Raja, Rajkumar etc. Jishu Sengupta had a great pairing with Anu in the movie Hangama, Abhimanyu and Mahaguru. She was also seen a very prominent character in Thikana Rajpath with a deglam role for which she had got many complements.Lastly she was seen in " Aami Aachi Sei Je Tomar " in 2011 and the movie didn't get much success. Over all she had a successful career in Bengali film industry.
Bollywood Debut and film breakthrough.
Anu got break in a Hindi movie nirvana 13 directed by Jitin Rawat also starring Sandeep Kulkarni proposed to be released in 2011. Being an independent movie it could not released yet. Nirvana 13 is a story about a patients's cry for relief from agony and a nurse who is silently wishing for the same. The two have a conversation about their struggles with morality and helplessness and their constant quest for a way out. This provokes different perspectives of the pragmatic and spiritual aspects of life and death. Anu Choudhury is playing the character of Marium D'souza in the movie. Anu received best actress award for her 1st Hindi movie nirvana 13 in Los Angeles movie award. She was the only Indian actress selected for this award in 2011.
Anu is now working on her next film Babloo Happy Hai based on youth to be released in 2013 with talented director Nila Madhab Panda with costars Parvin Dabas, Sahil Anand, Erica Fernandes.
When the director Nila Madhab Panda said,"I have seen Anu's work and really liked her. It was Anu's talent that made me finalise her,"
Social activism and commercials.
Anu Choudhury has been a committed social activist, active in supporting child survival and fighting AIDS and injustice in real life. Anu has worked as brand ambassador for UNISEF, Lalchand jewellery, Kanchan Jewellery, Ruchi curry powder, Epari Sadashiv Jewellery etc. She has been brand ambassador for more than 20 commercials. She says, "Along with films I have been doing commercials for the last ten years and it's natural that the product manufacturers want us to endorse their brand since we have face value. And it's obvious that we won't do it for charity but then money is not everything." She has been brand ambassador for prestigious Emami edible oil.
Anu is also working as brand ambassador for FAME (First Academy of Media and Entertainment)in Odisha. Anu Chaudhury, along with Ms Shabana Azmi, renowned actress and former Member of Parliament, noted Indian classical dancer Ms Shovan Narayan and rockstar Mr Subir Malik, member of the Parikrama band, were declared as brand ambassador for safe motherhood, champion and Youth Icon for Safe Motherhood, respectively.
Recently, Anu Choudhury is appointed as Brand ambassador for a public awareness campaign, "Bijuli Didi" on behalf of all the electric distribution utilities of the State, CESU, NESCO, WESCO and SOUTHCO, and all the franchisees working in the CESU area. The brand Bijuli Didi was unveiled at a function by Odisha Electricity Regulatory Commission (OERC) Chairman Satya Prakash Nanda.As part of the Bijuli Didi campaign, Anu will make people aware about simple facts that will help people to conserveelectricity, check power theft and pay bills on time.
On 1 November 2013 Anu Choudhury was declared to be part of TeachAIDS, is a nonprofit organization that develops HIV prevention education technology materials, based on an approach invented through research at Stanford University. On 21 November 2013 official launching of TeachAIDS of Oriya version was done. A teaser of the animated software, which features the caricatures and voices of actors Akash DasNayak, Anu Choudhury, Prashant Nanda and Odissi danseuse Aruna Mohanty, will be released online (www.teachaids.org) on 1 December to mark the occasion of World Aids Day.Anu said the "revolutionary product" would combat ignorance about HIV as it is likely to be introduced in schools and colleges from next year.A preview of the film was screened for the media here on Thursday.
Awards.
Anu Chowdhury was adjudged the Best Actress for her performance in Sasughara Chalijibi at the 2005 Orissa State Film Awards ceremony held at Bhubaneswar on 30 May 2007. She won the best Actress Award in the 4th Cine India International Film Festival, Noida for her portrayal of a second generation refugee from East Bengal in the Kadambinee Media Pvt Ltd. productions Kathantara.
On 30 December 2007, Anu won the Best Actress Award at the "Chalachhitra Jagat Pratibha Samman - 2007" for her performance in the Oriya movie Lal Tuku Tuku Sadhaba Bahu. she is four time state award winner for best actress category. Anu again received best actress award for her 1st Hindi movie Nirvana 13 in Los Angeles movie award. She was the only Indian actress selected for this award in 2011.
State Awards.
Anu has received the glorious Orissa State Film Awards for Best Actress four times

</doc>
<doc id="19954781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954781" title="Megasporaceae">
Megasporaceae

Megasporaceae are a family of fungi belonging to the Ascomycota. Taxa are lichenized with green algae, and grow on rocks, often in maritime climates close to fresh water. Phylogenetic analysis has shown that this family is related to the Pertusariaceae, another family of lichens. The genus "Aspicilia" was moved here from the Hymeneliaceae.
Genera.
Genera of this family include "Megaspora", "Lobothalia", and "Aspicilia".

</doc>
<doc id="19954784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954784" title="Pasig Catholic College">
Pasig Catholic College

Pasig Catholic College is a private school located in Pasig City. It was founded in 1913, and it celebrated its centennial anniversary in 2013.
History.
It was founded in 1913 as a small school managed by the CICM Fathers headed by Fr. Pierre Cornelis "Cornelio" de Brouwer inside the "convento" (convent) of the Immaculate Conception Parish (now the Immaculate Conception Cathedral in Pasig City). It is considered the central Catholic educational institution of the Diocese of Pasig. Their president is Msgr. Gerardo O. Santos.
Developments.
In 1994 the old wooden college building was replaced by a concrete five-storey Administration Building. The building housed the high school and college classrooms as well as administrative offices. At the same time, a new school cafeteria was constructed in front of the high school building. The following year, a coeducational program was offered to the first two years of grade school and high school levels.
Accreditation and Recognition.
The Grade School Department was granted re-accreditation for five (5) years during the PAASCU Formas Visit on 07-08 of February 2005. On the other hand, the High School Department was granted re-accreditation for five (5) years retroactive during the PAASCU visit on 05-06 of September 2005. On June 26,2006, The Philippine Marketing Awards Institute, The Asian Institute of Marketing and Entrepreneurship and the Marketing Insights Magazine recognized and awarded Pasig Catholic College as the "Most Outstanding Catholic School" in Pasig City. The Said award was conferred at the 2005 Philippines Marketing Excellence Awards which recognizes the companies that have undertaken best marketing Practices leading towards market dominance, goodwill, high level costumer cinfidence and market acceptability. PCC emerged as the top choice through a combination of surveys and focus group discussions with consumers and marketing executives, and market research. 
The College Department Underwent a Preliminary Visity by the PAASCU on 04-05 of September 2006. The PAASCU team's visit focused on the college department's Education and Business Administration programs. 
The PAASCU Consultancy visit for the College Department wad held on 08 August 2008 focusing on the are of the faculty.
School rules.
Considering that Pasig Catholic College is a Catholic school, it is conservative on some level. The administration imposes rules putting in mind the welfare and safety of their students. An example of this is the Keep Right policy that instructs students to stay on the right side when in the stairs, corridors, and similar places. Furthermore, the school has numerous security guards who are eager to do their job for the entire institution's security. 
Like most schools in the Philippines, Pasig Catholic College requires students to wear uniforms. Girls wear skirts and blouses, while boys wear pants and white polo shirts. The uniforms may vary depending on the level the students, which are: preschool, elementary, high school, and college. 

</doc>
<doc id="19954797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954797" title="National Anthem of the Republic of Bashkortostan">
National Anthem of the Republic of Bashkortostan

The National Anthem of the Republic of Bashkortostan (; ), composed by Farit Idrisov has official lyrics in Bashkir by Ravil Bikbaev and Raşita Şakura and in Russian by Farit Idrisov and Svetlanî Çuraevoy. It was adopted on 12 October 1993 and officially on 18 September 2008. This anthem is annexed to the article 112 Constitution of the Republic of Bashkortostan as one of the national symbols of Bashkortostan.

</doc>
<doc id="19954817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954817" title="Senarat of Kandy">
Senarat of Kandy

Senarat Adahasin was king of the Kingdom of Kandy from 1604 to 1635. He was the brother of king Vimaladharmasuriya I of Kandy. When he died his two sons Kumarasinghe & Wijayapala were minors so the throne passed to his brothe Senarat who was a monk. Senerath married his brothers widow Dona Catherina and had one son by her who would be Rajasinghe II.
When time came for him to divide his kingdom between his two stepsons & his own son, he tricked the other two & made Râjasimha II(his own son) inherit the main part of his kingdom including Kandy. His two stepsons died shortly after (Some say Senerath is responsible for this elimination of potential heirs to the throne and Rajasimha II became the sole heir to his kingdom.

</doc>
<doc id="19954818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954818" title="Khare">
Khare

Khare is a Hindu family surname found in India among communities of Kāyastha or Kayasth (Hindi: कायस्थ) and takes its meaning from the word 'pure'. Kāyastha are said in the Vedas and Puranas to have a dual-caste status, i.e. Brahmin and Kshatriya. They are mainly spread across North India, in the Konkan region of Maharashtra, and are a sub-sect of Brahmins whose ancient profession was writing. They are the only sect who are referred to as direct “blood” descendants of a Vedic god in the religious texts and the only ancestor-worshiping sect of Hinduism.
Genealogy of Khare.
The Khare trace their genealogy from Adi Purush Shri Chitraguptaji Maharaj, the son of Lord Brahama who had 12 sons with two wives, Irawati/Shobhwati and Sudakhina/Nandani. These 12 sons were married to Nagakanyas of Nagraj Vasuki and were the origin of the 12 castes of the Kayasthas. The same legend, with slight variation, is found in most of the Puranas. 
Sons of First Wife Irawati/Shobhwati
Sons of Second Wife Sudakhina/Nandani
There are two main lineages of the Khare from the main clans of Braham Kaystha, i.e. Sucharu and Bhanu.
Bhanu: Maharaj Chitragupt sent Shree Bhanu to establish a kingdom in the Shrivas region (Kashmir and Gandhar/Kandhar). He was married to Nagaraj Vaasuki’s daughter, Devi Padmini, and two divine sons named Shree Devdatta and Shree Ghanshyam were born. Shree Devdatta ruled over Kashmir, and Shree Ganshyam ruled over the banks of the Sindhu River. They were called Khare and were born from the second wife, Kheri of Shree Ganshyam.
History.
The Great Braham Kayastha Dynasties
Kayastha ruled many great Kingdoms. A few of these were:
The Clan Bhanu Als Khare ruled the region in between Gandhar/Kandhar (Afghanistan) and Srinagar (India) during Vedic time. The Great Karkota Dynasty and Utpala Dynasty are also considered by scholars to be from this clan.
KHARE is also a family name in Chittapavan Brahmins of Maharashtra associated with Lord Parashuram and is considered reborn by him. They belong to Gotra: Kaushik. Pravar: Vishwamitra. Kulswamy: Shri Ganapati or Vyadeshwar (Mahadev) or Velneshwar (Mahadev). Kulswamini: Durgadevi (Guhagar). Origin: Guhagar. Gharane: Avashi, Banvasi, Burambad, Chandragutti, Duvedi, Guhagar, Gurlhosur, Hedavi, Kelashi, Lavgan, Mahuli, Manjaguni, Mobhar, Navghar, Naigaon, Nerur, Palgad, Panvel, Sasvad, Shahapur, Toke, Vasargaon and Veldure.
Hindu description defines four categories of Kayastha cast. Out of the four, three are considered as Kayastha by blood and the fourth is considered as Kayastha by their deeds. These four categories are:
Note:
1. The exact birthplace of Bhargav Parashurama (Bhargav) is contested, although the history of his lineage took place in the Haihaya Kingdom located in modern day Maheshwar. His grandfather was the son of Brahma known as Rishi Rucheeka, his grandmother was Satyavati, his father Saptrishi Jamadagni, and his mother Renuka. Lord Parashuram was born in Brahman family but work or by profession was the greatest warrior. According to Veda, he can be termed as dual caste and was Kayastha.
2. The present caste system in India does not consider Kayastha as part of Brahmin or Kshatriya community. This can be understood from the historical evidence and Hindu literature that describes Kayastha as the biggest competitor to the Brahmin and Kshatriya communities of India; History of Kashmir is the best example to prove it.
3. BRAHMINS by vedah.net is an article on who the Brahmins are and on the various sub-groups of Brahmins. The Kayastha Brahmins are mentioned at sl.no. 15 (due to alphabetic order). 
The Brahmins: A List of Brahmin Communities is an extensive list prepared by of all Brahmin communities in India. Kayastha Brahmins are mentioned in alphabetic order. 
The Sanskrit dictionary at Hindunet.org defines ‘Kayastha’ as follows:
References.
< 5. History of Kashmiri Pandits by Jia Lal Kilam>
<6.Chandra, Suresh (1998). Encyclopedia of Hindu Gods & Goddesses. Sarup & Sons. p. 376.>

</doc>
<doc id="19954830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954830" title="Helenów, Szydłowiec County">
Helenów, Szydłowiec County

Helenów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Orońsko, within Szydłowiec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954831" title="Krogulcza Mokra">
Krogulcza Mokra

Krogulcza Mokra is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Orońsko, within Szydłowiec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954832" title="Krogulcza Sucha">
Krogulcza Sucha

Krogulcza Sucha is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Orońsko, within Szydłowiec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Orońsko, north-east of Szydłowiec, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954833" title="Łaziska, Szydłowiec County">
Łaziska, Szydłowiec County

Łaziska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Orońsko, within Szydłowiec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Orońsko, north-east of Szydłowiec, and south of Warsaw.
The village has an approximate population of 580.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954834" title="Orońsko">
Orońsko

Orońsko is a village in Szydłowiec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Orońsko. It lies approximately north-east of Szydłowiec and south of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 1,200.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954835" title="Śniadków">
Śniadków

Śniadków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Orońsko, within Szydłowiec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Orońsko, north-east of Szydłowiec, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954836" title="Tomaszów, Szydłowiec County">
Tomaszów, Szydłowiec County

Tomaszów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Orońsko, within Szydłowiec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954839" title="Wałsnów, Masovian Voivodeship">
Wałsnów, Masovian Voivodeship

Wałsnów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Orońsko, within Szydłowiec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Orońsko, north-east of Szydłowiec, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954840" title="Zaborowie">
Zaborowie

Zaborowie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Orońsko, within Szydłowiec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Orońsko, north of Szydłowiec, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954844" title="Military history of the Revolt of the Comuneros">
Military history of the Revolt of the Comuneros

Military conflict in the Revolt of the Comuneros () spanned from 1520 to 1521. The Revolt began with mobs of urban workers attacking government officials, grew to low-level combat between small militias, and eventually saw massed armies fighting battles and sieges. The comunero rebels gained control of most of central Castile quite quickly, and the royal army was in shambles by September 1520. However, the comuneros alienated much of the landed nobility, and the nobility's personal armies helped bolster the royalist forces. The Battle of Tordesillas in December 1520 would prove a major setback for the rebels, and the most important army of the comuneros was destroyed at the Battle of Villalar in April 1521.
This article is arranged geographically, and then chronologically within each region. The royalists tended to maintain the same commanders and armies in each area, with the one major exception of when the Constable of Castile moved out of Burgos to unite with the Admiral and crush the Comuneros at Villalar. The Comuneros leaders switched between regions somewhat more, especially Bishop Acuña, but still maintained regional militias ultimately.
The most important fighting of the war, and where the fighting was mostly by organized armies rather than raiding militia bands, took part in the north-central part of the Meseta—Old Castile, which contained the capital of Valladolid, the temporary capital of both sides Tordesillas, and the stronghold of the Admiral of Castile, Medina de Rioseco. Each of these three cities was highly fortified and sought after. A decent amount of combat took place to the north around Burgos and the Basque country as well, where the Constable of Castile vied against Bishop Acuña's raids and the Count of Salvatierra. The southern part of the Meseta, New Castile, was a bastion of comunero support. The royalists never were able to deploy much in the way of armies here, depending on their allies in the Knights of St. John and the local nobility, but some notable events in the war did take place there. The rest of the country was mostly quiet: Andalusia on the southern coast was almost uniformly pro-royalist, as was Extramadura and Galicia.
Army organization and composition.
Comunero forces.
The comuneros generally drew their strength from the cities and the urban militias to form their armies. They also aggressively recruited former royal guards who had deserted due to low pay, especially veterans of recent campaigns in Africa such as the Djerba campaign. With the central cities of Castile on their side, no expensive foreign entanglements to fund, and a tendency to loot and repossess property of the opposed nobility, the rebels were well-funded.
However, the lack of noble support meant that cavalry were difficult to find. Additionally, the city dwellers the comuneros recruited often lacked much appreciation for the peasantry, and for some actively looked down upon them. The countryside was initially strongly pro-comunero, but the ravages of the comunero army would eventually cost them some support.
The comunero army also struggled from factionalism from within, and the lack of a clear commander-in-chief. Each militia was generally loyal to its home city first, and only marched with a main comunero army given permission. When Pedro Girón was appointed commander of the army by the Santa Junta, they made it clear that he would only directly control forces recruited by himself and the small army loyal to the Junta. Juan de Padilla withdrew his Toledo militia in protest of losing the appointment. When Padilla later came to take the position, he had better luck in convincing the various militias to follow him, but this was more due to his popularity than his authority.
The need to constantly search out new towns and manors to sack and pillage also made slower or defensive strategies difficult for the comuneros to implement. Whenever the army defended one place and retrenched, some militias would often separate and return home. This would require new recruitment to make up the loss, and thus the army was less experienced than it could have been.
Royalist forces.
The royalist-aligned forces consisted of two groups: the royal army, a national army that answered to the Regents, and the independent armies of the nobles. Part of the reason the government got into the mess to begin with was due to its complete mendacity due to money leaving the kingdom to pay foreign debts. The royal administration, and thus its army, suffered from a crippling lack of funding the entire war. Even after the war, some royal guards who had defected reported laughing at those who had followed the king, saying that "while the "comunidad" paid them every day, their opponents were not so well paid." In the later conflict against the French in Navarre, an army even mutinied after being given only a month's worth of pay when owed four months of back pay.
The royalist cause's most important allies were the landed nobility, many of whom threw their allegiance behind King Charles after seeing the comuneros support peasant rebellions against them. They offered a powerful combination of militarily experienced commanders, disciplined troops, and expensive horse cavalry. However, they were also unreliable. Many nobles' first goal was to protect their own lands, and crushing the rebellion but losing their own holdings would be a loss. As such, the Regents often had difficulty rallying the noble forces to make a combined army. After the victory at Toredesillas, for example, many royal guards were dismissed due to lack of funds to pay them, and many noble-controlled armies returned to their home areas, greatly endangering the defense of Tordesillas and preventing any new offense.
After the burning of Medina del Campo, the royalist cause had to struggle with negative perceptions from the populace. As such, the royalists took considerably greater precautions than the comuneros to avoid enraging the countryside. For most battles, the royalist troops were forbidden from looting captured cities for income. This caused considerable dissatisfaction among the ranks and exacerbated the problem of the low pay for the soldiers, but also saved the royalist cause from even further distaste from the populace. The commanders of the royal army were also brave enough to dismiss unnecessary additional troops. Untrained peasant levies were unlikely to be very effective on the battlefield, but would be additional bellies to feed and could easily offend the countryside with undisciplined looting.
Loyalty was an additional concern that the royalist cause faced. New recruits from the cities of the Meseta were unlikely to be terribly loyal, and might even leak information. As a result, the royalist armies generally used poor Galicians from the North for additional troops.
Andalusia: The Southern coast.
In general, Andalusia was fairly quiet during the war. A variety of reasons exist for this. Among the nobles, there was a great investment in the project of Hispanicizing the recently conquered Granada and its Moriscos. It was crucial for the government to act unified to maintain stability; if some cities of Andalusia were to join the "Comunidades" and others not, a civil war among the Spanish Christians would invite a revolt among the Moriscos. The economic situation was different as well; Andalusia was seeing the beginnings of what would become a vast stream of wealth from Spain's overseas trade and conquests. While Andalusia's nobles were still powerful, many opportunities existed for all classes. In the Meseta, the bourgeoise and lower classes had tasted prosperity for a time under Isabella, but had seen their gains fade in the past twenty years, which fed bitterness at the nobility and helped spark revolts. Furthermore, Andalusia simply did not see the change in government in the two Castiles as necessarily their concern. With the slower and less frequent travel of the day, some in Andalusia simply thought the matter did not concern them, and if the Castiles wished a new government that did not necessarily have any bearing on Andalusia.
The towns in the north of Andalusia in the mountains, away from the coast, were more connected with the Castiles. Jaén, Úbeda, and Baeza all favored the "Comunidades" during the early stages of the revolt. Once the Andalusian nobles got word of this, they sent a sizable force to retake these small cities for the king. The Captain-General of Granada, who was also the Marquis of Mondéjar and Count of Tendilla (same person bearing all three titles), led a force of some 1,500 men in September to retake Jaén. He executed the three leading members of the "Comunidad" there, lashed others, and then pardoned the rest of the town. Murcia also joined the "Comunidades", but eventually came back to the royal forces much later and by persuasion rather than force.
In coastal Andalusia, there was sporadic discontent, but few attempted rebellions. Two notable attempted rebellions occurred in Seville, but nothing much came of either one. The first was led by Juan de Figueroa, a member of the powerful Ponce family. On Sunday, September 16, he proclaimed the "Comunidad" and took over the lightly fortified Alcázar of Seville. The rebellion was quickly crushed the next day by the Duke of Medina-Sidonia, a member of the rival Guzmán family, and Figueroa was lightly wounded. The incident was treated as a youthful indiscretion, and Figeruoa quickly pardoned, leading some historians to treat the matter as simply the latest grab for power between the two feuding noble houses.
To coordinate their activities, the towns of Andalusia received permission from the government to set up their own Congress at Rambla. They had requested it on October 24, 1520, and actually convened the assembly on January 20, 1521. The Rambla Congress admonished towns to return to the royal government and organized a military force of 4,000 infantry and 800 cavalry to be ready should the need to quickly suppress a Morisco rebellion arose. Still, the Rambla Congress worried some royalists in the Meseta, as should the war turn against the royal government, it would provide an easy mechanism for Andalusia to coordinate itself and defect as one (removing the worries of a civil war giving the Moriscos an opening). The Admiral of Castile wrote to King Charles that:
As the war never significantly turned against the royal government, the Admiral's fears were not realized. Andalusia also sent an army off to intervene in the Revolt of the Brotherhoods. The Andalusian army helped turn the tide against the rebels there by winning the Battle of Oriola in crushing fashion.
Old Castile: Valladolid and the Center of the Meseta.
Old Castile was where the majority of the large battles of the war took place. The area around Tordesillas, Valladolid, and Medina de Rioseco was particularly contested - the three most decisive battles of the war, Tordesillas, Torrelobatón, and Villalar all took place in this area.
Battle of Tordesillas.
In late November 1520, both armies took positions between Medina de Rioseco and Tordesillas, and a confrontation was inevitable. With Pedro Girón in command, the army of the comuneros advanced on Medina de Rioseco, following the orders of the Junta. Girón established his headquarters in Villabrágima, a town merely from the royalist army. The royalists occupied nearby villages to cut communication lines back to other comuneros.
This situation continued until December 2, when Girón, apparently thinking the royal army would remain entrenched, moved his forces west to the small town of Villalpando. The town surrendered the next day without resistance, and the troops began looting the estates in the area. However, with this movement, the comuneros left the path to Tordesillas completely unprotected. The royal army took advantage of the blunder, marching by night on December 4 and occupying Tordesillas the next day. The small rebel garrison was overwhelmed.
Seizure of Tordesillas marked a serious defeat for the comuneros, who lost Queen Joanna and with her their claim to legitimacy. In addition, thirteen representatives of the Junta were imprisoned, though others fled and escaped. Morale fell among the rebels, and much angry criticism was directed towards Pedro Girón for his maneuvering of the troops out of position and for his failure to attempt to retake Tordesillas or capture Medina de Rioseco. Girón was obliged to resign from his post and withdrew from the war. Juan de Padilla returned from Toledo to be appointed the new Captain-General of the comunero forces.
After the triumph in Tordesillas, Cardinal Adrian had to face the continuing paucity of funds in the royal coffers and the fickleness of his noble allies. Many nobles returned with their armies to their domains to guard them against the continuing peasant revolts that were breaking out. The treasury situation had deteriorated to the point that some soldiers had to be released for lack of funds to pay them. As a result, Adrian, the Count of Haro, and the Admiral were able to do little but fortify their holdings, and not attempt any further advances.
Battle of Torrelobatón.
With the royal forces stationary, Padilla moved to attack. On February 21, 1521, the siege of Torrelobatón began. Outnumbered, the town nevertheless resisted for four days, thanks to its walls. The Count of Haro sallied forth from Tordesillas with his cavalry in an attempt to aid the besieged, but he had brought too few cavalry, and he did not engage Padilla or his forces. On February 25, the comuneros entered the town and subjected it to a massive looting spree as a reward to the troops. Only churches were spared. The castle resisted for another two days. The comuneros then threatened to hang all of the inhabitants, at which point the castle surrendered. The defenders did secure an agreement to spare half of the goods inside the castle, thus avoiding further looting.
The victory in Torrelobatón lifted the spirits of the rebel camp while worrying the royalists about the rebel advance, exactly as Padilla hoped. The faith of the nobles in Cardinal Adrian was once again shook, as he was accused of having done nothing to avoid losing Torrelobatón. The Constable of Castile began to send troops to the Tordesillas area to contain the rebels and prevent any further advances.
Interim maneuvers.
Despite the renewed enthusiasm among the rebels, a decision was made to remain in their positions near Valladolid without pressing their advantage or launching a new attack. This caused many of the soldiers to return to their home communities, tired of waiting for salaries and new orders.
In late March 1521, the royalist side moved to combine their armies and threaten Torrelobatón, a rebel stronghold. The Constable of Castile began to move his troops (including soldiers recently transferred from the defense of Navarre) southwest from Burgos to meet with the Admiral's forces near Tordesillas. This was possible due to the comunero-aligned Count of Salvatierra's force being caught up in the siege of Medina de Pomar; the Count's forces had previously been enough of a threat to force the Constable to maintain a large army to defend Burgos. The Constable's army was approximately 3,000 infantry, 600 cavalry, 2 cannons, 2 culverin, and 5 light artillery pieces. His army took up positions in Becerril de Campos, near Palencia. Meanwhile, the comuneros reinforced their troops at Torrelobatón, which was far less secure than the comuneros preferred. Their forces were suffering from desertions, and the presence of royalist artillery would make Torrelobatón's castle vulnerable. They had two strategic possibilities: prevent the Constable and Admiral from united their forces by striking at the Constable while he was still on the field, or else low-level harrying operations to try and slow the Constable down. The comuneros did neither, and thus allowed the Constable to approach nearly unchecked.
Battle of Villalar.
The advance of the royalist armies was known to the rebels. The commander of the comunero armies, Juan de Padilla, considered withdrawing to Toro to seek reinforcements in early April, but wavered. He delayed his decision until the early hours of April 23, losing considerable time and allowing the royalists to unite their forces in Peñaflor.
The combined royalist army pursued the comuneros. Once again, the royalists had a strong advantage in cavalry, with their army consisting of 6,000 infantry and 2,400 cavalry against Padilla's 7,000 infantry and 400 cavalry. Heavy rain slowed Padilla's infantry more than the royalist cavalry and rendered the primitive firearms of the rebels' 1,000 arquebusiers nearly useless. Padilla hoped to reach the relative safety of Toro and the heights of Vega de Valdetronco, but his infantry was too slow. He gave battle with the harrying royalist cavalry at the town of Villalar. The cavalry charges scattered the rebel ranks, and the battle became a slaughter. There were an estimated 500–1,000 rebel casualties and many desertions.
The three most important leaders of the rebellion were captured: Juan de Padilla, Juan Bravo, and Francisco Maldonado. They were beheaded the next morning in the Plaza of Villalar, with a large portion of the royalist nobility present. The remains of the rebel army at Villalar fragmented, with some attempting to join Acuña's army near Toledo and others fleeing to Portugal.
Navarre.
In early May, a large French/Navarrese army crossed the Pyrenees and attacked the Spanish-occupied portion of Navarre. If the comuneros had held out slightly longer, it might have saved them, but by the time of the invasion the Battle of Villalar had already happened. Instead of an opportunity to win the war, the invasion instead became a way for former comunero cities nervous about potential reprisals to prove their loyalty by sending large contingents to fight the French and Navarrese. An even larger Castilian army attacked the French and crushingly defeated them at the Battle of Noáin on June 30, 1521. 

</doc>
<doc id="19954850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954850" title="Bronisze, Masovian Voivodeship">
Bronisze, Masovian Voivodeship

Bronisze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ożarów Mazowiecki, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Ożarów Mazowiecki and west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 420.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954852" title="Duchnice">
Duchnice

Duchnice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ożarów Mazowiecki, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 14 km west from the center of Warsaw.
Duchnice has a population of 858.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954853" title="Gołaszew">
Gołaszew

Gołaszew is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ożarów Mazowiecki, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Ożarów Mazowiecki and west of Warsaw.
The village has an approximate population of 120.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954855" title="Jawczyce, Masovian Voivodeship">
Jawczyce, Masovian Voivodeship

Jawczyce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ożarów Mazowiecki, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Ożarów Mazowiecki and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954856" title="Kaputy">
Kaputy

Kaputy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ożarów Mazowiecki, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Ożarów Mazowiecki and west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 150.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954857" title="Konotopa, Warsaw West County">
Konotopa, Warsaw West County

Konotopa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ożarów Mazowiecki, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Ożarów Mazowiecki and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954859" title="Koprki">
Koprki

Koprki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ożarów Mazowiecki, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Ożarów Mazowiecki and west of Warsaw.
The village has an approximate population of 140.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954861" title="Kręczki">
Kręczki

Kręczki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ożarów Mazowiecki, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Ożarów Mazowiecki and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954862" title="Macierzysz">
Macierzysz

Macierzysz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ożarów Mazowiecki, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Ożarów Mazowiecki and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954864" title="Michałówek, Warsaw West County">
Michałówek, Warsaw West County

Michałówek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ożarów Mazowiecki, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Ożarów Mazowiecki and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954866" title="Mory, Warsaw West County">
Mory, Warsaw West County

Mory is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ożarów Mazowiecki, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Ożarów Mazowiecki and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954867" title="Myszczyn">
Myszczyn

Myszczyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ożarów Mazowiecki, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Ożarów Mazowiecki and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954869" title="Ołtarzew">
Ołtarzew

Ołtarzew is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ożarów Mazowiecki, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Ożarów Mazowiecki and west of Warsaw.

</doc>
<doc id="19954870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954870" title="Orły, Masovian Voivodeship">
Orły, Masovian Voivodeship

Orły is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ożarów Mazowiecki, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Ożarów Mazowiecki and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954872" title="Orły-Kolonia">
Orły-Kolonia

Orły-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ożarów Mazowiecki, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Ożarów Mazowiecki and west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 60.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954873" title="Ożarów, Masovian Voivodeship">
Ożarów, Masovian Voivodeship

Ożarów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ożarów Mazowiecki, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Ożarów Mazowiecki and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954874" title="Pilaszków, Masovian Voivodeship">
Pilaszków, Masovian Voivodeship

Pilaszków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ożarów Mazowiecki, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Ożarów Mazowiecki and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954875" title="Piotrkówek Duży">
Piotrkówek Duży

Piotrkówek Duży is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ożarów Mazowiecki, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Ożarów Mazowiecki and west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 70.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954877" title="Piotrkówek Mały">
Piotrkówek Mały

Piotrkówek Mały is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ożarów Mazowiecki, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Ożarów Mazowiecki and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954879" title="Płochocin, Masovian Voivodeship">
Płochocin, Masovian Voivodeship

Płochocin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ożarów Mazowiecki, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Ożarów Mazowiecki and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954881" title="Pogroszew">
Pogroszew

Pogroszew is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ożarów Mazowiecki, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Ożarów Mazowiecki and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954882" title="Pogroszew-Kolonia">
Pogroszew-Kolonia

Pogroszew-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ożarów Mazowiecki, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Ożarów Mazowiecki and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954883" title="Strzykuły">
Strzykuły

Strzykuły is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ożarów Mazowiecki, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Ożarów Mazowiecki and west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 220.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954884" title="Święcice, Masovian Voivodeship">
Święcice, Masovian Voivodeship

Święcice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ożarów Mazowiecki, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Ożarów Mazowiecki and west of Warsaw.
The village has an approximate population of 720.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954886" title="Szeligi, Warsaw West County">
Szeligi, Warsaw West County

Szeligi is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ożarów Mazowiecki, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Ożarów Mazowiecki and west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 160.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954887" title="Umiastów">
Umiastów

Umiastów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ożarów Mazowiecki, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Ożarów Mazowiecki and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954888" title="Wieruchów">
Wieruchów

Wieruchów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ożarów Mazowiecki, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Ożarów Mazowiecki and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954890" title="Wolica, Warsaw West County">
Wolica, Warsaw West County

Wolica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ożarów Mazowiecki, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Ożarów Mazowiecki and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954892" title="Wolskie">
Wolskie

Wolskie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ożarów Mazowiecki, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Ożarów Mazowiecki and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954895" title="Białutki">
Białutki

Białutki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błonie, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954898" title="Białuty, Warsaw West County">
Białuty, Warsaw West County

Białuty is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błonie, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Błonie, west of Ożarów Mazowiecki (the county seat), and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954899" title="Bieniewice">
Bieniewice

Bieniewice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błonie, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Błonie, west of Ożarów Mazowiecki (the county seat), and west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 660.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954902" title="Bieniewo-Parcela">
Bieniewo-Parcela

Bieniewo-Parcela is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błonie, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954903" title="Bieniewo-Wieś">
Bieniewo-Wieś

Bieniewo-Wieś is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błonie, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954904" title="Błonie-Wieś">
Błonie-Wieś

Błonie-Wieś is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błonie, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954906" title="Bramki">
Bramki

Bramki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błonie, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Błonie, west of Ożarów Mazowiecki, and west of Warsaw center.
The village has a population of 1047 (data as of 30.06.2010).
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954908" title="Cesinek">
Cesinek

Cesinek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błonie, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The village has a population of 24.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954909" title="Cholewy, Warsaw West County">
Cholewy, Warsaw West County

Cholewy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błonie, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Błonie, west of Ożarów Mazowiecki (the county seat), and west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 120.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954910" title="Dębówka, Warsaw West County">
Dębówka, Warsaw West County

Dębówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błonie, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Błonie, west of Ożarów Mazowiecki (the county seat), and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954912" title="Górna Wieś, Masovian Voivodeship">
Górna Wieś, Masovian Voivodeship

Górna Wieś is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błonie, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Błonie, west of Ożarów Mazowiecki (the county seat), and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954913" title="Konstantów, Masovian Voivodeship">
Konstantów, Masovian Voivodeship

Konstantów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błonie, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Błonie, west of Ożarów Mazowiecki (the county seat), and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954914" title="Kopytów, Masovian Voivodeship">
Kopytów, Masovian Voivodeship

Kopytów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błonie, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Błonie, west of Ożarów Mazowiecki, and west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 260.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954915" title="Łąki, Warsaw West County">
Łąki, Warsaw West County

Łąki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błonie, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Błonie, west of Ożarów Mazowiecki, and west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 29.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954917" title="Łaźniew">
Łaźniew

Łaźniew is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błonie, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Błonie, west of Ożarów Mazowiecki, and west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 140.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954918" title="Łaźniewek">
Łaźniewek

Łaźniewek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błonie, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954919" title="Marysinek, Warsaw West County">
Marysinek, Warsaw West County

Marysinek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błonie, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Błonie, west of Ożarów Mazowiecki, and west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 64.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954920" title="Nowa Górna">
Nowa Górna

Nowa Górna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błonie, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954921" title="Nowa Wieś, Warsaw West County">
Nowa Wieś, Warsaw West County

Nowa Wieś is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błonie, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Błonie, west of Ożarów Mazowiecki, and west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 56.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954922" title="Nowe Faszczyce">
Nowe Faszczyce

Nowe Faszczyce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błonie, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954923" title="Nowy Łuszczewek">
Nowy Łuszczewek

Nowy Łuszczewek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błonie, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954925" title="Odrzywół, Warsaw West County">
Odrzywół, Warsaw West County

Odrzywół is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błonie, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Błonie, west of Ożarów Mazowiecki, and west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 44.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954928" title="Piorunów, Masovian Voivodeship">
Piorunów, Masovian Voivodeship

Piorunów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błonie, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Błonie, west of Ożarów Mazowiecki, and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954929" title="Radzików, Masovian Voivodeship">
Radzików, Masovian Voivodeship

Radzików is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błonie, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The village has a population of 1,400.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954930" title="Radzików-Wieś">
Radzików-Wieś

Radzików-Wieś is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błonie, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Błonie, north-west of Ożarów Mazowiecki, and west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 927.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954931" title="Rochaliki">
Rochaliki

Rochaliki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błonie, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954932" title="Rokitno, Masovian Voivodeship">
Rokitno, Masovian Voivodeship

Rokitno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błonie, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Błonie, west of Ożarów Mazowiecki, and west of Warsaw. The village has a population of 130.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954934" title="Rokitno-Majątek">
Rokitno-Majątek

Rokitno-Majątek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błonie, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954936" title="Stare Faszczyce">
Stare Faszczyce

Stare Faszczyce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błonie, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954937" title="Stary Łuszczewek">
Stary Łuszczewek

Stary Łuszczewek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błonie, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Błonie, west of Ożarów Mazowiecki, and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954938" title="Witanów">
Witanów

Witanów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błonie, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The village has a population of 153.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954942" title="Witki, Warsaw West County">
Witki, Warsaw West County

Witki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błonie, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Błonie, west of Ożarów Mazowiecki (the county seat), and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954943" title="Wola Łuszczewska">
Wola Łuszczewska

Wola Łuszczewska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błonie, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954945" title="Żukówka">
Żukówka

Żukówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błonie, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954949" title="Hornówek, Masovian Voivodeship">
Hornówek, Masovian Voivodeship

Hornówek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Izabelin, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Izabelin, north of Ożarów Mazowiecki, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954950" title="Izabelin B">
Izabelin B

Izabelin B is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Izabelin, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954951" title="Izabelin C">
Izabelin C

Izabelin C is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Izabelin, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The village has a population of 1,500.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954952" title="Mościska, Warsaw West County">
Mościska, Warsaw West County

Mościska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Izabelin, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Izabelin, north-east of Ożarów Mazowiecki, and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 500.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954954" title="Sieraków, Warsaw West County">
Sieraków, Warsaw West County

Sieraków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Izabelin, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Izabelin, north of Ożarów Mazowiecki, and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has an approximate population of 450.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954957" title="Truskaw">
Truskaw

Truskaw is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Izabelin, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Izabelin, north of Ożarów Mazowiecki, and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 1,400.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954961" title="Bieliny, Warsaw West County">
Bieliny, Warsaw West County

Bieliny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kampinos, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954962" title="Bromierzyk, Warsaw West County">
Bromierzyk, Warsaw West County

Bromierzyk is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kampinos, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954963" title="Budki Żelazowskie">
Budki Żelazowskie

Budki Żelazowskie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kampinos, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Kampinos, west of Ożarów Mazowiecki, and west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 50.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954965" title="Grabnik, Warsaw West County">
Grabnik, Warsaw West County

Grabnik is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kampinos, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Kampinos, west of Ożarów Mazowiecki (the county seat), and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954966" title="Granica, Warsaw West County">
Granica, Warsaw West County

Granica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kampinos, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Kampinos, west of Ożarów Mazowiecki, and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954968" title="Józefów, Gmina Kampinos">
Józefów, Gmina Kampinos

Józefów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kampinos, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Kampinos, west of Ożarów Mazowiecki, and west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 60.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954969" title="Kampinos A">
Kampinos A

Kampinos A is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kampinos, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954970" title="Kirsztajnów">
Kirsztajnów

Kirsztajnów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kampinos, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Kampinos, west of Ożarów Mazowiecki, and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954972" title="Komorów, Warsaw West County">
Komorów, Warsaw West County

Komorów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kampinos, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Kampinos, west of Ożarów Mazowiecki (the county seat), and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954973" title="Koszówka">
Koszówka

Koszówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kampinos, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Kampinos, west of Ożarów Mazowiecki, and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954974" title="Kwiatkówek, Masovian Voivodeship">
Kwiatkówek, Masovian Voivodeship

Kwiatkówek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kampinos, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954976" title="Łazy, Warsaw West County">
Łazy, Warsaw West County

Łazy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kampinos, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Kampinos, west of Ożarów Mazowiecki (the county seat), and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954977" title="Łazy Leśne">
Łazy Leśne

Łazy Leśne is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kampinos, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Kampinos, west of Ożarów Mazowiecki, and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954978" title="Pasikonie">
Pasikonie

Pasikonie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kampinos, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The village has a population of 170.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954980" title="Pindal">
Pindal

Pindal is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kampinos, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Kampinos, west of Ożarów Mazowiecki, and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954981" title="Podkampinos">
Podkampinos

Podkampinos is a village in the rural administrative district of Gmina Kampinos, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954982" title="Prusy, Warsaw West County">
Prusy, Warsaw West County

Prusy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kampinos, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Kampinos, west of Ożarów Mazowiecki (the county seat), and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954983" title="Rzęszyce">
Rzęszyce

Rzęszyce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kampinos, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Kampinos, west of Ożarów Mazowiecki, and west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 60.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954985" title="Skarbikowo">
Skarbikowo

Skarbikowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kampinos, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954986" title="Stare Gnatowice">
Stare Gnatowice

Stare Gnatowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kampinos, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in eastcentral Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Kampinos, west of Ożarów Mazowiecki, and west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 120.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954988" title="Strojec, Masovian Voivodeship">
Strojec, Masovian Voivodeship

Strojec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kampinos, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954989" title="Strzyżew, Masovian Voivodeship">
Strzyżew, Masovian Voivodeship

Strzyżew is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kampinos, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954992" title="Szczytno, Warsaw West County">
Szczytno, Warsaw West County

Szczytno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kampinos, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Kampinos, west of Ożarów Mazowiecki (the county seat), and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954993" title="Wiejca">
Wiejca

Wiejca is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kampinos, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Kampinos, west of Ożarów Mazowiecki, and west of Warsaw.
South of Wiecja at , there is a lattice tower used for radio relay links. This facility, whose Polish designation is SLR Wiecja, was used from 1974 to 1991 for the radio relay link between Warsaw and RCN Konstantynow. 
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954994" title="Wola Pasikońska">
Wola Pasikońska

Wola Pasikońska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kampinos,inside Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It is located approximately west of Kampinos, west of Ożarów Mazowiecki, and west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of two hundred and sixty.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19954996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19954996" title="Zawady, Warsaw West County">
Zawady, Warsaw West County

Zawady is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kampinos, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Kampinos, west of Ożarów Mazowiecki (the county seat), and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955004" title="Abhishek Chatterjee">
Abhishek Chatterjee

Abhishek Chatterjee ()(born August 15, 1963) is a Bengali film actor.
Early life.
After finishing his secondary schooling at the Baranagar Ramakrishna Mission Ashram High School, he graduated from the Seth Anandram Jaipuria College of the University of Calcutta.

</doc>
<doc id="19955005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955005" title="Czarnów, Warsaw West County">
Czarnów, Warsaw West County

Czarnów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leszno, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Leszno, west of Ożarów Mazowiecki (the county seat), and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955006" title="Czarnów-Towarzystwo">
Czarnów-Towarzystwo

Czarnów-Towarzystwo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leszno, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955008" title="Feliksów, Warsaw West County">
Feliksów, Warsaw West County

Feliksów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leszno, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Leszno, north-west of Ożarów Mazowiecki, and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955009" title="Gawartowa Wola">
Gawartowa Wola

Gawartowa Wola is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leszno, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Leszno, west of Ożarów Mazowiecki, and west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 270.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955012" title="Grabina, Warsaw West County">
Grabina, Warsaw West County

Grabina is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leszno, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Leszno, north-west of Ożarów Mazowiecki (the county seat), and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955014" title="Grądki, Masovian Voivodeship">
Grądki, Masovian Voivodeship

Grądki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leszno, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955016" title="Grądy, Warsaw West County">
Grądy, Warsaw West County

Grądy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leszno, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Leszno, west of Ożarów Mazowiecki (the county seat), and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955017" title="Julinek">
Julinek

Julinek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leszno, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Leszno, north-west of Ożarów Mazowiecki, and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955019" title="Kępiaste, Warsaw West County">
Kępiaste, Warsaw West County

Kępiaste is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leszno, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Leszno, north-west of Ożarów Mazowiecki (the county seat), and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955020" title="Korfowe">
Korfowe

Korfowe is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leszno, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955022" title="Ławy, Warsaw West County">
Ławy, Warsaw West County

Ławy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leszno, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Leszno, north-west of Ożarów Mazowiecki (the county seat), and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955023" title="Łubiec">
Łubiec

Łubiec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leszno, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Leszno, north-west of Ożarów Mazowiecki, and west of Warsaw.
The village has an approximate population of 150.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955026" title="Marianów, Warsaw West County">
Marianów, Warsaw West County

Marianów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leszno, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955027" title="Plewniak">
Plewniak

Plewniak is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leszno, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955028" title="Podrochale">
Podrochale

Podrochale is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leszno, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955029" title="Powązki, Warsaw West County">
Powązki, Warsaw West County

Powązki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leszno, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Leszno, west of Ożarów Mazowiecki (the county seat), and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955031" title="Roztoka, Masovian Voivodeship">
Roztoka, Masovian Voivodeship

Roztoka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leszno, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Leszno, north-west of Ożarów Mazowiecki (the county seat), and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955034" title="Stelmachowo, Masovian Voivodeship">
Stelmachowo, Masovian Voivodeship

Stelmachowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leszno, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955036" title="Szadkówek">
Szadkówek

Szadkówek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leszno, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Leszno, west of Ożarów Mazowiecki (the county seat), and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955040" title="Szymanówek, Warsaw West County">
Szymanówek, Warsaw West County

Szymanówek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leszno, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955042" title="Trzciniec, Warsaw West County">
Trzciniec, Warsaw West County

Trzciniec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leszno, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955043" title="1991 All-Pro Team">
1991 All-Pro Team

The 1991 All-Pro Team is composed of the National Football League players that were named to the Associated Press, Newspaper Enterprise Association, Pro Football Writers Association, Pro Football Weekly, and The Sporting News All-Pro Teams in 1991. Both first and second teams are listed for the AP and NEA teams. These are the five teams that are included in "Total Football II: The Official Encyclopedia of the National Football League".

</doc>
<doc id="19955044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955044" title="Walentów, Warsaw West County">
Walentów, Warsaw West County

Walentów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leszno, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Leszno, west of Ożarów Mazowiecki (the county seat), and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955045" title="Wąsy-Kolonia">
Wąsy-Kolonia

Wąsy-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leszno, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955046" title="Wąsy-Wieś">
Wąsy-Wieś

Wąsy-Wieś is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leszno, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955047" title="Wiktorów, Warsaw West County">
Wiktorów, Warsaw West County

Wiktorów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leszno, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Leszno, north-west of Ożarów Mazowiecki (the county seat), and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955049" title="Wilków, Masovian Voivodeship">
Wilków, Masovian Voivodeship

Wilków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leszno, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Leszno, west of Ożarów Mazowiecki (the county seat), and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955050" title="Wilkowa Wieś">
Wilkowa Wieś

Wilkowa Wieś is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leszno, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955051" title="Wólka, Warsaw West County">
Wólka, Warsaw West County

Wólka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leszno, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Leszno, north-west of Ożarów Mazowiecki (the county seat), and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955054" title="Wyględy">
Wyględy

Wyględy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leszno, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Leszno, north-west of Ożarów Mazowiecki, and west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 203.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955057" title="Zaborów, Warsaw West County">
Zaborów, Warsaw West County

Zaborów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leszno, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Leszno, north-west of Ożarów Mazowiecki, and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955059" title="Zaborówek, Warsaw West County">
Zaborówek, Warsaw West County

Zaborówek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leszno, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Leszno, west of Ożarów Mazowiecki, and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955064" title="Dziekanów Bajkowy">
Dziekanów Bajkowy

Dziekanów Bajkowy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łomianki, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Łomianki, north of Ożarów Mazowiecki, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955066" title="Dziekanów Leśny">
Dziekanów Leśny

Dziekanów Leśny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łomianki, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Łomianki, north of Ożarów Mazowiecki, and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 1,400.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955067" title="Dziekanów Nowy">
Dziekanów Nowy

Dziekanów Nowy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łomianki, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Łomianki, north of Ożarów Mazowiecki, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955068" title="Dziekanów Polski">
Dziekanów Polski

Dziekanów Polski is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łomianki, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Łomianki, north of Ożarów Mazowiecki, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955072" title="Kępa Kiełpińska">
Kępa Kiełpińska

Kępa Kiełpińska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łomianki, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Łomianki, north of Ożarów Mazowiecki, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955073" title="Kiełpin, Masovian Voivodeship">
Kiełpin, Masovian Voivodeship

Kiełpin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łomianki, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Łomianki, north of Ożarów Mazowiecki, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955075" title="Łomianki Chopina">
Łomianki Chopina

Łomianki Chopina is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łomianki, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Łomianki, north-east of Ożarów Mazowiecki, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955076" title="Łomianki Dolne">
Łomianki Dolne

Łomianki Dolne is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łomianki, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Łomianki, north of Ożarów Mazowiecki, and north of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955078" title="Sadowa, Masovian Voivodeship">
Sadowa, Masovian Voivodeship

Sadowa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łomianki, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Łomianki, north of Ożarów Mazowiecki, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955080" title="What Every Woman Knows (play)">
What Every Woman Knows (play)

What Every Woman Knows is a four-act play written by J. M. Barrie. It was first presented by impresario Charles Frohman at the Duke of York's Theatre in London on 3 September 1908. It ran for 384 performances, transferring to the Hicks Theatre between 21 December 1908 and 15 February 1909. 
The play was first produced in America, also by Frohman, in 1908 at Atlantic City on 18 October 1908, transferring to Broadway, at the Empire Theatre in New York City in December 1908. The production starred Maude Adams and Richard Bennett. 
Written before women's suffrage, the play posits that "every woman knows" she is the invisible power responsible for the successes of the men in her life.
1908 casts.
London
Atlantic City and New York
Synopsis.
The Wylies, a well-to-do but uneducated Scottish family, are concerned about their daughter, Maggie, a plain young woman who they fear, will remain a spinster. One night the Wylies discover that a serious young university student, John Shand, has been breaking into their home so that he can read books from their large library. Shand is penniless and cannot afford to buy books for his law school education. Maggie Wylie and John Shand come to an understanding: that her family will fund his education if, at the end of five years, he agrees to marry her.
John honours his commitment to Maggie, marrying her although he does not love her. Recognising her husband's ambition to become a Member of Parliament, Maggie quietly uses her intelligence and her connections behind the scenes to get John elected. She continues to foster his career, never allowing him to see that she is the power behind his rise to fame.
Eventually John begins to believe that his wife is too plain for a man of his stature and position, and he takes up with Lady Sybil Lazenby, a beautiful, refined and high-born young Englishwoman. Maggie is prepared to let her husband go, if Sybil can help him more than she herself can. However, when Shand is preparing a speech that will make or break his career, he finds that Sybil is no help to him, and he realises that Maggie is his inspiration.
Performance history.
"What Every Woman Knows" was popular on Broadway, enjoying 198 performances during its first run. The play was later adapted into a 1934 film starring Helen Hayes and Brian Aherne. The play has been revived numerous times since throughout the English-speaking world including productions at the Old Vic in 1960, with Maggie Smith as Maggie and Donald Houston as John, and the Albery Theatre in 1974, with Dorothy Tutin and Peter Egan. 
The play's most recent London revival was at the Finborough Theatre in 2010. In 1976 in New York, Fran Brill was awarded the Drama Desk Award for her portrayal of Maggie Wylie. In 1977 there was a musical version entitled "Maggie" at the Shaftesbury Theatre in London.

</doc>
<doc id="19955086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955086" title="Babice Nowe">
Babice Nowe

Babice Nowe is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Babice, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Stare Babice, north-east of Ożarów Mazowiecki, and west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 517.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955087" title="Blizne Jasińskiego">
Blizne Jasińskiego

Blizne Jasińskiego is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Babice, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Stare Babice, east of Ożarów Mazowiecki, and west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 1010.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955088" title="Blizne Łaszczyńskiego">
Blizne Łaszczyńskiego

Blizne Łaszczyńskiego is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Babice, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Stare Babice, north-east of Ożarów Mazowiecki, and west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 813.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955089" title="Borzęcin Duży">
Borzęcin Duży

Borzęcin Duży is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Babice, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Stare Babice, north-west of Ożarów Mazowiecki, and west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 1320.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955090" title="Borzęcin Mały">
Borzęcin Mały

Borzęcin Mały is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Babice, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Stare Babice, west of Ożarów Mazowiecki, and west of Warsaw.
The village has an approximate population of 350.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955091" title="Buda, Masovian Voivodeship">
Buda, Masovian Voivodeship

Buda is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Babice, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Stare Babice, north-west of Ożarów Mazowiecki, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955093" title="Guitar God 2001">
Guitar God 2001

Guitar God 2001 is an album by Randy Holden (formerly of Sons of Adam) guitarist, as the follow-up to a previous album Guitar God released in 1997. The newer Guitar God 2001 featured a 22-minute instrumental titled "Prayer to Paradise" in celebration of the new millennium, whose musical content was a rock guitar styled journey through time and cultures of music of the world, as a musical statement of the journey of man to the destiny of his endless quest to reach paradise. Originally titled "Parade to Paradise", the title was changed to move more toward the poetic sense of the music. This was the second album recorded and released by Randy Holden after a hiatus from music.
Reviews.
The "Guitar God 2001" album received an excellent review from MusicDish.

</doc>
<doc id="19955094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955094" title="Janów, Warsaw West County">
Janów, Warsaw West County

Janów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Babice, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Stare Babice, north-east of Ożarów Mazowiecki, and north-west of Warsaw.
In 2010, the village had a population of 383.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955095" title="Klaudyn">
Klaudyn

Klaudyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Babice, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Stare Babice, north-east of Ożarów Mazowiecki, and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has an approximate population of 1,500.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955097" title="Koczargi Nowe">
Koczargi Nowe

Koczargi Nowe is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Babice, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Stare Babice, north of Ożarów Mazowiecki, and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955098" title="Koczargi Stare">
Koczargi Stare

Koczargi Stare is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Babice, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Stare Babice, north of Ożarów Mazowiecki, and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955101" title="Kwirynów">
Kwirynów

Kwirynów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Babice, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Ożarów Mazowiecki and west of Warsaw.

</doc>
<doc id="19955102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955102" title="Latchorzew">
Latchorzew

Latchorzew is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Babice, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Stare Babice, north-east of Ożarów Mazowiecki (the county seat), and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955103" title="Lipków">
Lipków

Lipków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Babice, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Stare Babice, north of Ożarów Mazowiecki, and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955104" title="Lubiczów">
Lubiczów

Lubiczów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Babice, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Stare Babice, north-east of Ożarów Mazowiecki, and west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 78.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955105" title="Mariew">
Mariew

Mariew is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Babice, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Stare Babice, north-west of Ożarów Mazowiecki (the county seat), and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955108" title="Stanisławów, Warsaw West County">
Stanisławów, Warsaw West County

Stanisławów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Babice, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Stare Babice, north-west of Ożarów Mazowiecki, and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955109" title="Stare Babice">
Stare Babice

Stare Babice is a village in Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Stare Babice. It lies approximately north-east of Ożarów Mazowiecki and west of Warsaw.
In terms of population, it is the largest village in the district, with a population of 2,056 people (as of 31 December 2010). 
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955111" title="Topolin, Warsaw West County">
Topolin, Warsaw West County

Topolin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Babice, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Stare Babice, north-west of Ożarów Mazowiecki, and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955113" title="Wierzbin">
Wierzbin

Wierzbin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Babice, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Stare Babice, north-west of Ożarów Mazowiecki, and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955114" title="Wojcieszyn, Masovian Voivodeship">
Wojcieszyn, Masovian Voivodeship

Wojcieszyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Babice, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Stare Babice, north-west of Ożarów Mazowiecki, and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955116" title="Zalesie, Warsaw West County">
Zalesie, Warsaw West County

Zalesie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Babice, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Stare Babice, north of Ożarów Mazowiecki (the county seat), and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955117" title="Zielonki-Parcela">
Zielonki-Parcela

Zielonki-Parcela is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Babice, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Stare Babice, north of Ożarów Mazowiecki, and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955118" title="Zielonki-Wieś">
Zielonki-Wieś

Zielonki-Wieś is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Babice, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Stare Babice, north of Ożarów Mazowiecki, and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955123" title="The Elegance of the Hedgehog">
The Elegance of the Hedgehog

The Elegance of the Hedgehog () is a novel by the French novelist and professor of philosophy Muriel Barbery. The book follows events in the life of a concierge, Renée Michel, whose deliberately concealed intelligence is uncovered by an unstable but intellectually precocious girl named Paloma Josse. Paloma is the daughter of an upper-class family living in the upscale Parisian apartment building where Renée works.
Featuring a number of erudite characters, "The Elegance of the Hedgehog" is full of allusions to literary works, music, films, and paintings. It incorporates themes relating to philosophy, class consciousness, and personal conflict. The events and ideas of the novel are presented through the thoughts and reactions, interleaved throughout the novel, of two narrators, Renée and Paloma. The changes of narrator are marked by switches of typeface. In the case of Paloma, the narration takes the form of her written journal entries and other philosophical reflections; Renée's story is also told in the first person but more novelistically and in the present tense.
First released in August 2006 by Gallimard, the novel became a publishing success in France the following year, selling over two million copies. It has been translated into more than forty languages, and published in numerous countries outside France, including the United Kingdom (Gallic Books, London) and the United States (Europa Editions, New York), and has attracted critical praise.
Plot.
The story revolves mainly around the characters of Renée Michel and Paloma Josse, residents of an upper-middle class Left Bank apartment building at 7 Rue de Grenelle – one of the most elegant streets in Paris. Divided into eight luxury apartments, all occupied by distinctly "bourgeois" families, the building has a courtyard and private garden.
The widow Renée is a concierge who has supervised the building for 27 years. She is an autodidact in literature and philosophy, but conceals it to keep her job and, she believes, to avoid the condemnation of the building's tenants. Likewise, she wants to be alone to avoid her tenants' curiosity. She effects this by pretending to indulge in concierge-type food and low-quality television, while in her back room she actually enjoys high-quality food, listens to opera, and reads works by Leo Tolstoy and Edmund Husserl. Her perspective is that "o be poor, ugly and, moreover, intelligent condemns one, in our society, to a dark and disillusioned life, a condition one ought to accept at an early age".
Twelve-year-old Paloma lives on the fifth floor with her parents and sister whom she considers snobs. A precocious girl, she hides her intelligence to avoid exclusion at school. Dismayed by the privileged people around her, she decides that life is meaningless, and that unless she can find something worth living for, beyond the "vacuousness of bourgeois existence", she will commit suicide on June 16, her thirteenth birthday. Planning to burn down the apartment before dying, she also steals her mother's pills. For the time being she journals her observations of the outside world, including her perceptions of Renée.
Paloma is the only tenant who suspects Renée's refinement, and for most of the novel, the two "cross each other but don’t "see" each other", in the words of "Time Out" reviewer Elisabeth Vincentelli. Although they share interests in philosophy and literature, nothing happens between them until the death of a celebrated restaurant critic who had been living upstairs. A cultured Japanese businessman named Kakuro Ozu, whom Renée and Paloma befriend, then takes a room in the same apartment building. Ozu comes to share Paloma's fascination with Renée: that the concierge has the "same simple refinement as the hedgehog". 
Towards the end of the novel, Renée comes out of her internal seclusion, teaching young Paloma that not all adults pursue vanity at the expense of their intelligence and humanity. However, only shortly after Renée realizes that the beauty of life and her connections with the world makes life worth living, she dies in the same way as Roland Barthes; she is struck down by a laundry van. This leaves Paloma and Ozu devastated but leads Paloma not to commit suicide.
Characters.
Renée Michel.
Renée Michel is a 54-year-old widowed concierge. She has never been to college because she considers herself to always have been poor, discreet, and of no significance. Renée, however is self-taught; she reads works of the German philosopher Immanuel Kant and Russian writer Leo Tolstoy (and even names her cat "Leo"), disdains the philosophy of Edmund Husserl, adores 17th-century Dutch paintings, likes Japanese art-house films by Yasujirō Ozu, and listens to the music of composers Henry Purcell and Gustav Mahler.
Renée, who conceals her true self to conform to the lowly image of typical concierges, introduces herself as "a widow, short, ugly, chubby", with "bunions on my feet and, on certain difficult mornings, it seems, the breath of a mammoth". Her outward appearance is summarized by "The Guardian" reviewer Ian Samson as "prickly and bunioned". When Paloma eventually discovers Renée's identity, she describes the latter in her journal as having the "elegance of the hedgehog"—although like the spines of the hedgehog, she is covered in quills and prickly, within, she has in the words of the English translation of the book quoted by Viv Groskop "the same simple refinement as the hedgehog: a deceptively indolent little creature, fiercely solitary—and terribly elegant".
Paloma Josse.
Paloma Josse, an advanced twelve-year-old, belongs to one of the conventional families living in the posh apartment building where Renée works. Daughter of an important parliamentarian father (a former government minister), and a Flaubert-quoting mother, Paloma has a penchant for absurdism. She regards her sister's scholarship as "cold and trivial" and deems her mother's culture as conventional and useless. Paloma herself values Japanese works, and reads manga, haiku, and tanka. She keeps two diaries, one called "Journal of the Movement of the World" to record her observations of the world around her, and the other called "Profound Thoughts" to record her many and wide-ranging reflections on art, poetry, people and herself. She is introspective, and truly kind, though she tries her best to avoid the inquisition of others. She understands many facets of the world that are unseen by others, and deeply understand the way the world works, and the many perils and pitfalls of adulthood and the many hypocrisies of modern society, and therefore resolves in not an all melodramatic way, to commit suicide. However, a drastic plot twist at the end of the tale opens to her an amazing new truth: beauty, that provides meaning to our lives.
Minor characters.
Other characters developed by Barbery in the novel include Kakuro Ozu, the cultured Japanese businessman, and Manuela, a Portuguese cleaner. Ozu, a tenant, shares Paloma's fascination with Renée's masked intelligence and brings her out of her shell (and also happens to set the entire book in forward motion), while Manuela is responsible for cleaning the apartments' toilets and is Renée's only real friend.
Content.
Style and character development.
Barbery developed the character of Renée because she was "inspired by the idea of a reserved, cultured concierge who turned stereotypes on their head and at the same time created a compelling comic effect"; for the author, Renée "opened the door on a kind of social criticism". In an interview with "Time" magazine, Barbery added that she created characters "who love the things does, and who allowed to celebrate that through them". Barbery dedicates the book to her husband, Stéphane, a sociologist, with whom she wrote the book.
The novel's two narrators, Renée and Paloma, alternate in each mostly short chapter, although the former dominates throughout. The novel consists of the "diaries" of the protagonists, and the heading styles and fonts change as it develops, signalling the change of the narrators' character.
Most critics considered Barbery's narrative presentation to be essayistic; the individual chapters are more akin to essays than fiction, as "The New York Times" Caryn James expresses it, "so carefully build in explanations for the literary and philosophical references that she seems to be assessing what a mass audience needs". The early pages of the novel contain a short critique by Renée on the topic of phenomenology.
Themes.
Barbery incorporates several themes into the novel. References to philosophy, for instance, abound throughout, getting increasingly dense as the story progresses. Barbery confesses to having "followed a long, boring course of studies in philosophy", and comments that "I expected it to help me understand better that which surrounds me: but it didn't work out that way. Literature has taught me more. I was interested in exploring the bearing philosophy could really have on one's life, and how. I wanted to illuminate this process. That's where the desire to anchor philosophy to a story, a work of fiction, was born: to give it more meaning, make it more physically real, and render it, perhaps, even entertaining."
Themes of class consciousness and conflict are also present in the book. Critics interpreted the stance the novel took against French class-based discrimination and hypocrisy as quite radical, although some French critics found that this made the novel an unsubtle satire of fading social stereotypes. There are also literary allusions in the novel, referencing comic books, movies, music, and paintings.
Publication.
"The Elegance of the Hedgehog" was first published in August 2006 under the title "L'élégance du hérisson" by the leading French publisher Éditions Gallimard. The initial print run of the novel was 4000 copies, but by the following year, over a million had been produced. On September 25, 2007, Gallimard released the fiftieth reprint of the novel.
The French Voice program extended help to Gallimard in the translation of the novel to other languages and publication outside France. In partnership with the PEN American Center, French Voice funds the translation and publication of up to ten contemporary French and Francophone works each year. "The Elegance of the Hedgehog" was one of 30 works chosen between 2005 and 2008 by the organization, spearheaded by a committee in its selection process of professional experts.
The novel's translation rights have been sold to 31 countries, and it has been translated to a half-dozen languages. Novelist Alison Anderson translated "L'Élégance du hérisson" into English as "The Elegance of the Hedgehog", and this version was released in September 2008 by Europa Editions. Europa is an independent press based in Italy and New York, which focuses on translated works. In the United States, it will be among French novels receiving patronage from a major American writer, as yet unspecified. In the United Kingdom, the rights were bought by Gallic Books, a publisher specializing in French translations.
Reception.
An acclaimed literary work, "The Elegance of the Hedgehog" has been considered by critics and press alike as a publishing phenomenon. Upon the novel's release, it had received significant support from booksellers. The novel has earned Barbery the 2007 French Booksellers Prize, the 2007 Brive-la-Gaillarde Reader's Prize, and the Prix du Rotary International in France. "The Elegance of the Hedgehog" has been adapted into the film "Le hérisson" (2009).
The novel was a best-seller and long-seller in France, amassing sales of 1.2 million copies in hardback alone. It stayed on the country's best-seller for 102 straight weeks from its publication, longer than American novelist Dan Brown's best-selling books. According to reviewer Viv Groskop, the philosophical element in the novel partly explains its appeal in France, where philosophy remains a compulsory subject. Anderson agreed, commenting that the novel became popular in France because it is "a story where people manage to transcend their class barriers". The novel also received a warm response in Korea, and sold over 400,000 copies in Italy. The release of the novel helped increase the sales of Barbery's first novel, "Une Gourmandise".
A week after the novel was published in the United Kingdom, "The Guardian" ran an article about French best-sellers published in English, focusing on "The Elegance of the Hedgehog". In it, writer Alison Flood contended that "fiction in translation is not an easy sell to Brits, and French fiction is perhaps the hardest sell of all". Promotions buyer Jonathan Ruppin predicted that the novel would struggle to gain a readership in the United Kingdom because, according to him, in the UK market "the plot is what people want more than anything else" and the novel's storyline is not its central aspect.
Critical reviews.
"The Elegance of the Hedgehog" was well received by critics. In the earliest known review, for the Italian newspaper "La Repubblica", Maurizio Bono writes that "formula that made more than half a million readers in France fall in love with ["The Elegance of the Hedgehog" has, among other ingredients: intelligent humor, fine sentiments, an excellent literary and philosophical backdrop, taste that is sophisticated but substantial". French magazine "Elle" reviewer Natalie Aspesi pronounced it one of "the most exhilarating and extraordinary novels in recent years". Aspesi, however, tagged the novel's title as "most curious and least appealing". Praising the novel in his review for "The Guardian", Ian Samson wrote that ""The Elegance of the Hedgehog" aspires to be great and pretends to philosophy: it is, at least, charming." In an earlier review in the same paper, Groskop opined that the novel is a "profound but accessible book ... which elegantly treads the line between literary and commercial fiction". He added that "clever, informative and moving, it is essentially a crash course in philosophy interwoven with a platonic love story". A review in "The Telegraph" conjectured that "[the novel were a piece of furniture, it would be an Ikea bestseller: popular, but not likely to be passed down the generations". A review in The Times Literary Supplement went further, calling the book "pretentious and cynical, with barely any story. It reads more like a tract than a novel, but lacks even a tract’s certainty of purpose. The characters are problematic: most are puppets, and those that aren’t are stereotypes".
Michael Dirda of "The Washington Post" complimented Barbery, saying, "Certainly, the intelligent Muriel Barbery has served readers well by giving us the gently satirical, exceptionally winning and inevitably bittersweet "Elegance of the Hedgehog"." Louise McCready of "The New York Observer" praised Anderson's translation of the novel as "smooth and accurate". Caryn James of "The New York Times" hailed the novel as "studied yet appealing commercial hit", adding that it "belongs to a distinct subgenre: the accessible book that flatters readers with its intellectual veneer". "Los Angeles Times" Susan Salter Reynolds wrote that "["The Elegance of the Hedgehog"] is a high-wire performance; its characters teeter on the surreal edge of normalcy. Their efforts to conceal their true natures, the pressures of the solitary mind, make the book hum".
Film adaptation.
The novel was adapted into a film "The Hedgehog" ("Le hérisson") released in France in July 2009, starring Josiane Balasko as Renée Michel, Garance Le Guillermic as Paloma Josse, and Togo Igawa as Kakuro Ozu, with a score by Gabriel Yared. The rights for the film were bought by NeoClassics Film and it was released by the company in America on August 19. Its reception at festivals was positive and it won the Filmfest DC 2011, the Best of Fest Palm Springs 2011, the Seattle International Film Festival 2010, and the 2010 Col-Coa Film Festival. Moira Macdonald of the Seattle Times called it "Whimsical and touching... Mona Achache's adaptation is wistful perfection." Stephen Holden of "The New York Times" said it "suggests a sort of Gallic Harold and Maude".

</doc>
<doc id="19955126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955126" title="List of battle and theatre honours of the Indian Army Corps of Engineers">
List of battle and theatre honours of the Indian Army Corps of Engineers

The Indian Army Corps of Engineers has distinguished itself in battle and has been awarded many battle and theatre honours. These honours have been awarded to individual units of the Corps or to the three Groups, namely the Madras Sappers, the Bengal Sappers and the Bombay Sappers. This list is a union of the battle and theatre honours awarded to these three groups of the Corps of Engineers and does not include those earned by disbanded engineer and pioneer units or corps.

</doc>
<doc id="19955128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955128" title="Sudip Mukherjee">
Sudip Mukherjee

Sudip Mukherjee ()( Born:August 15, 1978) is a Bengali film and TV actor.

</doc>
<doc id="19955133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955133" title="Aleksandrówka, Węgrów County">
Aleksandrówka, Węgrów County

Aleksandrówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grębków, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955134" title="Chojeczno-Cesarze">
Chojeczno-Cesarze

Chojeczno-Cesarze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grębków, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955135" title="Chojeczno-Sybilaki">
Chojeczno-Sybilaki

Chojeczno-Sybilaki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grębków, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955136" title="Gałki, Węgrów County">
Gałki, Węgrów County

Gałki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grębków, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Grębków, south of Węgrów, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955138" title="Grębków">
Grębków

Grębków is a village in Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Grębków. It lies approximately south-west of Węgrów and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955140" title="Grodzisk, Węgrów County">
Grodzisk, Węgrów County

Grodzisk is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grębków, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955142" title="Jabłonna, Węgrów County">
Jabłonna, Węgrów County

Jabłonna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grębków, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Grębków, south of Węgrów, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955145" title="Kolonia Sinołęka">
Kolonia Sinołęka

Kolonia Sinołęka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grębków, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955148" title="Kopcie, Węgrów County">
Kopcie, Węgrów County

Kopcie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grębków, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Grębków, south of Węgrów, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955152" title="Kózki, Węgrów County">
Kózki, Węgrów County

Kózki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grębków, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Grębków, south of Węgrów, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955153" title="Leśnogóra">
Leśnogóra

Leśnogóra is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grębków, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Grębków, south-west of Węgrów, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955154" title="Nowa Sucha, Węgrów County">
Nowa Sucha, Węgrów County

Nowa Sucha is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grębków, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955156" title="Nowa Trzcianka">
Nowa Trzcianka

Nowa Trzcianka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grębków, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Grębków, south of Węgrów, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955158" title="Ogródek, Masovian Voivodeship">
Ogródek, Masovian Voivodeship

Ogródek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grębków, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955159" title="Pan Am Flight 812">
Pan Am Flight 812

Pan Am Flight 812, operated by Pan American World Airways Boeing 707-321B N446PA ("Clipper Climax"), was a scheduled international flight from Hong Kong to Sydney, Australia with an intermediate stop at Denpasar, Bali, Indonesia. On April 22, 1974 it crashed into rough mountainous terrain while preparing for a runway 09 approach to Denpasar after a 4 hour 20 minutes flight from Hong Kong. The location of the accident is about northwest of Ngurah Rai International Airport. The cockpit crew consisted of Captain Donald Zinke, First Officer John Schroeder, Third Officer Melvin Pratt, and Flight Engineers Timothy Crowley & Edward Keating. The 96 passengers were looked after by Pursers Mary Butterworth & Beverly Schmitt and Flight Attendants Ann Beran, Janice Fanning, Ingrid Johansson, & Donna Kent.
This aircraft appeared carrying boxes of bars in the 1971 film, Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory.
Investigation and determination of accident cause.
Examination on the disposition of the wreckage and inspection of the site indicated that no structural failure of the aircraft occurred before impact. It was determined that the premature execution of a right-hand turn to join the 263 degrees outbound track, which was based on the indication given by only one of the Radio Direction Finders while the other one was still in steady condition, is the most probable cause of the accident.

</doc>
<doc id="19955160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955160" title="Oszczerze">
Oszczerze

Oszczerze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grębków, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Grębków, south of Węgrów, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955161" title="Pobratymy">
Pobratymy

Pobratymy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grębków, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955163" title="Podsusze">
Podsusze

Podsusze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grębków, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Węgrów and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955166" title="Polków-Daćbogi">
Polków-Daćbogi

Polków-Daćbogi is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grębków, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955167" title="Polków-Sagały">
Polków-Sagały

Polków-Sagały is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grębków, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The village has a population of 261.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955169" title="Proszew A">
Proszew A

Proszew A is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grębków, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955170" title="Proszew B">
Proszew B

Proszew B is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grębków, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Węgrów and east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 30.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955171" title="Słuchocin">
Słuchocin

Słuchocin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grębków, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Węgrów and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955173" title="Stara Sucha, Węgrów County">
Stara Sucha, Węgrów County

Stara Sucha is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grębków, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955174" title="Stara Trzcianka">
Stara Trzcianka

Stara Trzcianka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grębków, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Grębków, south of Węgrów, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955176" title="Stawiska, Masovian Voivodeship">
Stawiska, Masovian Voivodeship

Stawiska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grębków, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Grębków, south-west of Węgrów, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955178" title="Suchodół, Węgrów County">
Suchodół, Węgrów County

Suchodół is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grębków, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Grębków, south-west of Węgrów, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955179" title="Trzebucza">
Trzebucza

Trzebucza is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grębków, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Węgrów and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955181" title="Żarnówka, Węgrów County">
Żarnówka, Węgrów County

Żarnówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grębków, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Węgrów and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955184" title="Periventricular">
Periventricular

Periventricular means around the ventricle and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19955187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955187" title="Ziomaki, Węgrów County">
Ziomaki, Węgrów County

Ziomaki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grębków, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955199" title="Adampol, Węgrów County">
Adampol, Węgrów County

Adampol is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korytnica, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955201" title="Bednarze, Masovian Voivodeship">
Bednarze, Masovian Voivodeship

Bednarze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korytnica, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Korytnica, north-west of Węgrów, and north-east of Warsaw.
Climate.
Climate in this area has mild differences between highs and lows, and there is adequate rainfall year round. The Köppen Climate Classification subtype for this climate is "". (Marine West Coast Climate/Oceanic climate).
References.
Bednarze, Masovian Voivodeship was occupied by the Nazis and Hitler in 1940, and released by them in 1944. The current population is 7.

</doc>
<doc id="19955204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955204" title="Chmielew, Węgrów County">
Chmielew, Węgrów County

Chmielew is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korytnica, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Korytnica, west of Węgrów, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955206" title="Czaple, Masovian Voivodeship">
Czaple, Masovian Voivodeship

Czaple is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korytnica, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Korytnica, west of Węgrów, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955207" title="Dąbrowa, Gmina Korytnica">
Dąbrowa, Gmina Korytnica

Dąbrowa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korytnica, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955209" title="Decie">
Decie

Decie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korytnica, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Węgrów and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955210" title="Górki Borze">
Górki Borze

Górki Borze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korytnica, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Korytnica, north-west of Węgrów, and north-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955211" title="Górki Grubaki">
Górki Grubaki

Górki Grubaki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korytnica, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955214" title="Górki Średnie">
Górki Średnie

Górki Średnie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korytnica, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. They have an embargo of stamps.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955215" title="Jaczew">
Jaczew

Jaczew is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korytnica, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Korytnica, north-west of Węgrów, and north-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955217" title="Jugi">
Jugi

Jugi is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korytnica, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955219" title="Kąty, Węgrów County">
Kąty, Węgrów County

Kąty is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korytnica, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Korytnica, north-west of Węgrów, and north-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955223" title="Komory, Masovian Voivodeship">
Komory, Masovian Voivodeship

Komory is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korytnica, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Korytnica, west of Węgrów, and north-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955227" title="Korytnica, Węgrów County">
Korytnica, Węgrów County

Korytnica is a village in Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Korytnica. It lies approximately west of Węgrów and east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 860.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955229" title="Kruszew, Węgrów County">
Kruszew, Węgrów County

Kruszew is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korytnica, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Korytnica, west of Węgrów, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955230" title="Kupce">
Kupce

Kupce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korytnica, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Korytnica, west of Węgrów, and north-east of Warsaw.

</doc>
<doc id="19955232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955232" title="Leśniki, Węgrów County">
Leśniki, Węgrów County

Leśniki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korytnica, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Korytnica, west of Węgrów, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955234" title="Lipniki, Węgrów County">
Lipniki, Węgrów County

Lipniki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korytnica, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Korytnica, west of Węgrów, and north-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955236" title="Maksymilianów, Węgrów County">
Maksymilianów, Węgrów County

Maksymilianów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korytnica, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Korytnica, west of Węgrów, and north-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955237" title="Nojszew">
Nojszew

Nojszew is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korytnica, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Korytnica, west of Węgrów, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955239" title="Nowy Świętochów">
Nowy Świętochów

Nowy Świętochów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korytnica, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Korytnica, west of Węgrów, and north-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955242" title="Paplin, Masovian Voivodeship">
Paplin, Masovian Voivodeship

Paplin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korytnica, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Korytnica, north-west of Węgrów, and north-east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 280.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955243" title="Pniewnik">
Pniewnik

Pniewnik is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korytnica, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Węgrów and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955244" title="Połazie Świętochowskie">
Połazie Świętochowskie

Połazie Świętochowskie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korytnica, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Węgrów and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955245" title="Rabiany">
Rabiany

Rabiany is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korytnica, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Węgrów and north-east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 275.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955247" title="Rąbież, Gmina Korytnica">
Rąbież, Gmina Korytnica

Rąbież is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korytnica, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955248" title="Roguszyn, Węgrów County">
Roguszyn, Węgrów County

Roguszyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korytnica, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Korytnica, west of Węgrów, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955250" title="Rowiska">
Rowiska

Rowiska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korytnica, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Korytnica, north-west of Węgrów, and north-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955251" title="Sekłak">
Sekłak

Sekłak is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korytnica, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Węgrów and north-east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 96.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955253" title="Sewerynów, Węgrów County">
Sewerynów, Węgrów County

Sewerynów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korytnica, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Korytnica, west of Węgrów, and north-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955254" title="Stary Świętochów">
Stary Świętochów

Stary Świętochów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korytnica, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The village has a population of 90.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955257" title="Szczurów">
Szczurów

Szczurów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korytnica, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Węgrów and east of Warsaw.
In the years 1975-1998 the town administratively belonged to the province of Siedlce.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955258" title="Trawy">
Trawy

Trawy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korytnica, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Węgrów and north-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955259" title="Wielądki">
Wielądki

Wielądki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korytnica, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Węgrów and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955260" title="Wola Korytnicka">
Wola Korytnicka

Wola Korytnicka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korytnica, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Węgrów and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955262" title="Wypychy, Masovian Voivodeship">
Wypychy, Masovian Voivodeship

Wypychy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korytnica, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Węgrów and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955263" title="Żabokliki, Węgrów County">
Żabokliki, Węgrów County

Żabokliki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korytnica, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Korytnica, west of Węgrów, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955266" title="Zakrzew, Węgrów County">
Zakrzew, Węgrów County

Zakrzew is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korytnica, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Korytnica, west of Węgrów, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955268" title="Zalesie, Gmina Korytnica">
Zalesie, Gmina Korytnica

Zalesie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korytnica, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Korytnica, west of Węgrów, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955269" title="Żelazów, Masovian Voivodeship">
Żelazów, Masovian Voivodeship

Żelazów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korytnica, within Węgrów County in Masovian Voivodeship, east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Korytnica, west of Węgrów, and east of Warsaw.
The village has been in the past a temporary location of the administrative district of Jaczew County (). In the years 1975-1998 Żelazów has been - by administrative division - part of the Siedlce Voivodeship.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955278" title="Borzychy">
Borzychy

Borzychy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Liw, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Węgrów and north-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955281" title="Janowo, Węgrów County">
Janowo, Węgrów County

Janowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Liw, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Węgrów and east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 30.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955282" title="Jarnice">
Jarnice

Jarnice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Liw, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Węgrów and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955283" title="Jarnice-Pieńki">
Jarnice-Pieńki

Jarnice-Pieńki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Liw, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955284" title="Jartypory">
Jartypory

Jartypory is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Liw, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Węgrów and east of Warsaw.
The village has an approximate population of 1,000.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955286" title="Krypy, Gmina Liw">
Krypy, Gmina Liw

Krypy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Liw, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955287" title="Ludwinów, Węgrów County">
Ludwinów, Węgrów County

Ludwinów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Liw, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Węgrów and east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 900.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955290" title="Ossolin, Masovian Voivodeship">
Ossolin, Masovian Voivodeship

Ossolin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Liw, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The village has a population of 130.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955294" title="Pierzchały, Węgrów County">
Pierzchały, Węgrów County

Pierzchały is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Liw, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Węgrów and east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 350.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955296" title="Połazie">
Połazie

Połazie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Liw, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955297" title="Popielów">
Popielów

Popielów may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19955298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955298" title="Popielów, Masovian Voivodeship">
Popielów, Masovian Voivodeship

Popielów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Liw, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Węgrów and east of Warsaw.
The village has an approximate population of 380.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955299" title="Ruchenka">
Ruchenka

Ruchenka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Liw, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Węgrów and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955301" title="Ruchna">
Ruchna

Ruchna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Liw, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Węgrów and east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 200.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955304" title="Śnice, Masovian Voivodeship">
Śnice, Masovian Voivodeship

Śnice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Liw, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955306" title="Starawieś">
Starawieś

Starawieś is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Liw, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Węgrów and east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 560.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955308" title="Szaruty">
Szaruty

Szaruty is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Liw, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Węgrów and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955309" title="Tończa, Węgrów County">
Tończa, Węgrów County

Tończa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Liw, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Węgrów and north-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955310" title="Tończa-Janówki">
Tończa-Janówki

Tończa-Janówki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Liw, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955311" title="Witanki">
Witanki

Witanki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Liw, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Węgrów and east of Warsaw. It's full of Commies.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955313" title="Wyszków, Węgrów County">
Wyszków, Węgrów County

Wyszków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Liw, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Węgrów and east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 320.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955315" title="Zając, Masovian Voivodeship">
Zając, Masovian Voivodeship

Zając is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Liw, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Węgrów and east of Warsaw.
Before the 1998 local boundary reforms it was administratively part of the Siedlce Voivodeship.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955317" title="Zawady, Węgrów County">
Zawady, Węgrów County

Zawady is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Liw, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Węgrów and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955321" title="Baczki, Węgrów County">
Baczki, Węgrów County

Baczki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łochów, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.

</doc>
<doc id="19955322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955322" title="Barchów">
Barchów

Barchów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łochów, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Łochów, north-west of Węgrów, and north-east of Warsaw.
The village has an approximate population of 700.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955324" title="Brzuza, Masovian Voivodeship">
Brzuza, Masovian Voivodeship

Brzuza is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łochów, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Łochów, north-west of Węgrów, and north-east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 550.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955329" title="Budziska, Węgrów County">
Budziska, Węgrów County

Budziska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łochów, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Łochów, north-west of Węgrów, and north-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955331" title="Burakowskie">
Burakowskie

Burakowskie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łochów, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955333" title="Dąbrowa, Gmina Łochów">
Dąbrowa, Gmina Łochów

Dąbrowa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łochów, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955334" title="Gwizdały">
Gwizdały

Gwizdały is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łochów, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The village has a population of 630.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955335" title="Jasiorówka">
Jasiorówka

Jasiorówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łochów, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Łochów, north-west of Węgrów, and north-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955338" title="Jerzyska">
Jerzyska

Jerzyska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łochów, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Łochów, north-west of Węgrów, and north-east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 90.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955344" title="Kalinowiec, Węgrów County">
Kalinowiec, Węgrów County

Kalinowiec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łochów, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Łochów, north-west of Węgrów, and north-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955349" title="Kaliska, Masovian Voivodeship">
Kaliska, Masovian Voivodeship

Kaliska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łochów, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955350" title="Kamionna, Węgrów County">
Kamionna, Węgrów County

Kamionna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łochów, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The village has a population of 306.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955351" title="Karczewizna">
Karczewizna

Karczewizna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łochów, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Łochów, north-west of Węgrów, and north-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955354" title="Laski, Węgrów County">
Laski, Węgrów County

Laski is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łochów, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Łochów, north-west of Węgrów, and north-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955355" title="Łazy, Węgrów County">
Łazy, Węgrów County

Łazy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łochów, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Łochów, north-west of Węgrów, and north-east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 290.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955356" title="Łopianka">
Łopianka

Łopianka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łochów, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Łochów, north-west of Węgrów, and north-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955357" title="Łosiewice">
Łosiewice

Łosiewice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łochów, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Łochów, north-west of Węgrów, and north-east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 330.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955358" title="Majdan, Gmina Łochów">
Majdan, Gmina Łochów

Majdan is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łochów, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955359" title="Matały">
Matały

Matały is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łochów, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Łochów, north-west of Węgrów, and north-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955361" title="Nadkole">
Nadkole

Nadkole is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łochów, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Łochów, north-west of Węgrów, and north-east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 90.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955362" title="Ogrodniki, Węgrów County">
Ogrodniki, Węgrów County

Ogrodniki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łochów, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Łochów, north-west of Węgrów, and north-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955365" title="Ostrówek, Węgrów County">
Ostrówek, Węgrów County

Ostrówek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łochów, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Łochów, north-west of Węgrów, and north-east of Warsaw.
The village has an approximate population of 1,700.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955366" title="Pogorzelec, Węgrów County">
Pogorzelec, Węgrów County

Pogorzelec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łochów, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Łochów, north-west of Węgrów, and north-east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 320.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955367" title="Samotrzask">
Samotrzask

Samotrzask is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łochów, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The village has a population of 119.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955368" title="Szumin">
Szumin

Szumin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łochów, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The village has a population of 40.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955369" title="Twarogi">
Twarogi

Twarogi is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łochów, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Łochów, north-west of Węgrów, and north-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955370" title="Wólka Paplińska">
Wólka Paplińska

Wólka Paplińska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łochów, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Łochów, north-west of Węgrów, and north-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955373" title="Zagrodniki, Masovian Voivodeship">
Zagrodniki, Masovian Voivodeship

Zagrodniki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łochów, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Łochów, north-west of Węgrów, and north-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955374" title="Zambrzyniec">
Zambrzyniec

Zambrzyniec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łochów, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955377" title="Rollercoaster (Australian festival)">
Rollercoaster (Australian festival)

Rollercoaster is an annual Australian music festival held at the western foreshore (Hall Park) at Mandurah in December. The festival mainly features modern rock music.
The first festival was held in 2005 with approximately 9,700 patrons, with between 8,500 and 9,000 people attending in 2007. The headliners for the 2007 concert were originally The Black Keys (the first international act to perform at Rollercoaster) however the band had to withdraw due to a family member's illness and they were replaced by You Am I.
The largest musical festival however was the 'Mandurah Festival' held in January, 1994 for which the headlining act was INXS, who drew an attendance of 12,000 people.
Artist lineups by year (incomplete).
The Living End, Gyroscope, Spiderbait, End of Fashion, Karnivool, Kisschasy, Cowtown, The Fuzz 
Grinspoon, Frenzal Rhomb, The Butterfly Effect, Gyroscope, Downsyde, Behind Crimson Eyes, Cowtown, Birds of Tokyo
Hilltop Hoods, You Am I, Shihad, Kisschasy, Jebediah, Birds of Tokyo, Ash Grunwald, Sneaky Weasel Gang
The Living End, Gyroscope, Sneaky Sound System, Cut Copy, Operator Please, The Teenagers (France), Tame Impala

</doc>
<doc id="19955379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955379" title="Glina, Węgrów County">
Glina, Węgrów County

Glina is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miedzna, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955384" title="Międzyleś, Węgrów County">
Międzyleś, Węgrów County

Międzyleś is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miedzna, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Miedzna, north of Węgrów, and north-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955386" title="National Resource Centre for Free/Open Source Software">
National Resource Centre for Free/Open Source Software

National Resource Centre for Free/Open Source Software (NRCFOSS) is an organisation created and financed in India by the Department of Information Technology, Ministry of Communication and Information Technology, Government of India in April 2005.
It is jointly administered by the Chennai Division of Centre for Development of Advanced Computing (C-DAC) and the AU-KBC Research Centre of Anna University. 
Some state governments, for example Kerala, already have programmes to popularize FOSS among the masses especially among the students. The founding of NRCFOSS is the first initiative by the Government of India in the direction of making efforts for increasing the acceptance of FOSS at a national level. NRCFOSS is designed to give a boost to the efforts to popularize FOSS products among lay computer users of India.
Objectives.
NRCFOSS is mandated to work in areas related to Free/Open Source Software basically with the following objectives:
Initial achievements.
NRCFOSS has caused the introduction of elective papers in FOSS in the syllabi and curriculum of Anna University.
The syllabi is applicable to around 250 engineering colleges affiliated to Anna University. It has prepared the entire course material for these elective papers and made it available for free download.
NRCFOSS has organized a series of workshops and seminars in different parts of India to popularize the idea of FOSS. It developed the FOSS Lab Server as an archive of various resources that are essential for the students taking FOSS courses.
It contains source code, documentation and mailing list archives. NRCFOSS developed Bharat Operating System Solutions a GNU/Linux distribution made specifically for the Indian environment. The latest version of this Free/Open Source Software, BOSS GNU/Linux v4.0, was released in February 26, 2011. This software supports eighteen Indian languages out of a total of twenty-two constitutionally recognized languages in India at the desktop level.

</doc>
<doc id="19955387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955387" title="Orzeszówka">
Orzeszówka

Orzeszówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miedzna, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Miedzna, north-east of Węgrów, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955388" title="Poszewka">
Poszewka

Poszewka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miedzna, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Miedzna, north of Węgrów, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955390" title="Rostki, Węgrów County">
Rostki, Węgrów County

Rostki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miedzna, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The village has a population of 220.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955392" title="Tchórzowa">
Tchórzowa

Tchórzowa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miedzna, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Miedzna, north of Węgrów, and north-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955393" title="Guitar God">
Guitar God

Guitar God is the first album recorded by Randy Holden, after a hiatus from music for two decades. The last album he recorded, prior to his departure from the music world, was "Population II", in 1970. The "Population II" album became a much sought after, difficult to find collector's album, with prices upward of $900. being paid to get one.<br><br>
Guitar God was recorded in 1993 in a limited release by the artist in 1997 through Captain Trip Records, a Japan-only label. Holden recorded with his former Blue Cheer bandmate, drummer Paul Whaley. Prior to recording "Guitar God", Holden and Whaley had not seen or spoken to each other for over two decades.<br><br>
The "Guitar God" album received excellent Review [http://musicdish.com/mag/index.php3?id=5204]. (see below).
Personnel.
http://www.randyholden.com/<br>
http://guitargod.com/<br>
http://guitargod.net/<br>
References.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ugly_Things
http://www.furious.com/Perfect/randyholden.html<br>
http://musicdish.com/mag/index.php3?id=3238<br>
http://musicdish.com/mag/index.php3?id=5204<br>
http://musicdish.com/mag/index.php3?id=10061

</doc>
<doc id="19955394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955394" title="Ugoszcz, Masovian Voivodeship">
Ugoszcz, Masovian Voivodeship

Ugoszcz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miedzna, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Miedzna, north of Węgrów, and north-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955395" title="Warchoły">
Warchoły

Warchoły is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miedzna, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Miedzna, north of Węgrów, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955397" title="Wola Orzeszowska">
Wola Orzeszowska

Wola Orzeszowska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miedzna, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Miedzna, north-east of Węgrów, and east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 200.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955398" title="Wrotnów">
Wrotnów

Wrotnów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miedzna, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Miedzna, north of Węgrów, and north-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955404" title="Wrzoski, Masovian Voivodeship">
Wrzoski, Masovian Voivodeship

Wrzoski is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miedzna, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Miedzna, north-east of Węgrów, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955405" title="Żeleźniki, Masovian Voivodeship">
Żeleźniki, Masovian Voivodeship

Żeleźniki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miedzna, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Miedzna, north-east of Węgrów, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955407" title="Zuzułka">
Zuzułka

Zuzułka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miedzna, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Miedzna, north of Węgrów, and north-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955415" title="Bojewo">
Bojewo

Bojewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadowne, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Sadowne, north of Węgrów, and north-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955419" title="Grabiny, Masovian Voivodeship">
Grabiny, Masovian Voivodeship

Grabiny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadowne, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Sadowne, north-west of Węgrów, and north-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955420" title="Kocielnik">
Kocielnik

Kocielnik is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadowne, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Sadowne, north of Węgrów, and north-east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 210.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955421" title="Kołodziąż, Węgrów County">
Kołodziąż, Węgrów County

Kołodziąż is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadowne, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Sadowne, north of Węgrów, and north-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955422" title="Kołodziąż-Rybie">
Kołodziąż-Rybie

Kołodziąż-Rybie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadowne, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955423" title="Kolonia Złotki">
Kolonia Złotki

Kolonia Złotki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadowne, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955424" title="Krupińskie">
Krupińskie

Krupińskie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadowne, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Sadowne, north-west of Węgrów, and north-east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 120.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955425" title="Morzyczyn Włościański">
Morzyczyn Włościański

Morzyczyn Włościański is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadowne, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Sadowne, north of Węgrów, and north-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955426" title="Morzyczyn-Włóki">
Morzyczyn-Włóki

Morzyczyn-Włóki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadowne, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955427" title="Ocięte">
Ocięte

Ocięte is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadowne, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Sadowne, north-west of Węgrów, and north-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955429" title="Orzełek, Węgrów County">
Orzełek, Węgrów County

Orzełek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadowne, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Sadowne, north of Węgrów, and north-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955430" title="Płatkownica">
Płatkownica

Płatkownica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadowne, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Sadowne, north of Węgrów, and north-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955432" title="Rażny">
Rażny

Rażny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadowne, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Sadowne, north-west of Węgrów, and north-east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 100.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955433" title="Sadoleś">
Sadoleś

Sadoleś is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadowne, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955434" title="Sadowne">
Sadowne

Sadowne is a village in Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the Gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Sadowne. It lies approximately north of Węgrów and north-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955436" title="Sójkówek">
Sójkówek

Sójkówek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadowne, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Sójkówek is a small village situated between Sadowne and Brok (road 50).
Located upon Kanał Kacapski (aka "Struga"), meliorative canal, build by Soviet soldiers captured during the 1920 Polish-Soviet war.
Also close to the Bug river - the second longest Polish river.
Nearest train station is Sadowne Węgrowskie - proximately 5 km from Sójkowek.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955438" title="Sokółka, Masovian Voivodeship">
Sokółka, Masovian Voivodeship

Sokółka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadowne, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Sadowne, north of Węgrów, and north-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955440" title="Szynkarzyzna">
Szynkarzyzna

Szynkarzyzna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadowne, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Sadowne, north-west of Węgrów, and north-east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 470.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955442" title="Wilczogęby">
Wilczogęby

Wilczogęby is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadowne, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955444" title="Zalesie, Gmina Sadowne">
Zalesie, Gmina Sadowne

Zalesie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadowne, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Sadowne, north-west of Węgrów, and north-east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 200.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955445" title="Zarzetka">
Zarzetka

Zarzetka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadowne, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955447" title="Zieleniec, Węgrów County">
Zieleniec, Węgrów County

Zieleniec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadowne, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Sadowne, north-west of Węgrów, and north-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955448" title="Jara Bristite Bhijechhilo">
Jara Bristite Bhijechhilo

Jara Brishtite Bhijechhilo (, Those who were drenched in rain) is a Bengali film based on Joy Goswami's story "Jara Brishtite Bhijechhilo", released in 2007. The film directed by Anjan Das stars Indrani Halder, Sudip Mukherjee, Aloknanda Ray.
Indrani Haldar has bagged the best actress award at the Madrid International Film Festival (Spain) for her role in this film, plays a woman, who walks out of marriage after being subjected to repeated marital rape and starts living her life on her own terms with her poet-lover.

</doc>
<doc id="19955449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955449" title="Złotki">
Złotki

Złotki may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19955450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955450" title="Złotki, Węgrów County">
Złotki, Węgrów County

Złotki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadowne, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Location.
It lies approximately east of Sadowne, north of Węgrów, and north-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955457" title="Błotki">
Błotki

Błotki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stoczek, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Węgrów and north-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955458" title="Brzózka, Masovian Voivodeship">
Brzózka, Masovian Voivodeship

Brzózka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stoczek, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Węgrów and north-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955461" title="Drgicz">
Drgicz

Drgicz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stoczek, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Węgrów and north-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955462" title="Gajówka Wschodnia">
Gajówka Wschodnia

Gajówka Wschodnia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stoczek, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955463" title="Gajówka Zachodnia">
Gajówka Zachodnia

Gajówka Zachodnia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stoczek, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955465" title="Grabowiec, Węgrów County">
Grabowiec, Węgrów County

Grabowiec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stoczek, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Stoczek, north-west of Węgrów, and north-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955466" title="Gruszczyno">
Gruszczyno

Gruszczyno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stoczek, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Stoczek, north-west of Węgrów, and north-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955468" title="Grygrów">
Grygrów

Grygrów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stoczek, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Stoczek, north-west of Węgrów, and north-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955471" title="Huta Gruszczyno">
Huta Gruszczyno

Huta Gruszczyno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stoczek, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Węgrów and north-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955472" title="Kalaty">
Kalaty

Kalaty is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stoczek, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955474" title="Kałęczyn, Węgrów County">
Kałęczyn, Węgrów County

Kałęczyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stoczek, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Stoczek, north of Węgrów, and north-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955476" title="Kazimierzów, Gmina Stoczek">
Kazimierzów, Gmina Stoczek

Kazimierzów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stoczek, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Węgrów and north-east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 40.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955477" title="Kozołupy">
Kozołupy

Kozołupy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stoczek, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Węgrów and north-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955478" title="Majdan, Gmina Stoczek">
Majdan, Gmina Stoczek

Majdan is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stoczek, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Węgrów and north-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955479" title="Marianów, Węgrów County">
Marianów, Węgrów County

Marianów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stoczek, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Stoczek, north-west of Węgrów, and north-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955480" title="Miednik">
Miednik

Miednik may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19955481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955481" title="Miednik, Masovian Voivodeship">
Miednik, Masovian Voivodeship

Miednik is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stoczek, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Stoczek, north of Węgrów, and north-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955482" title="Mrozowa Wola">
Mrozowa Wola

Mrozowa Wola is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stoczek, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Stoczek, north-west of Węgrów, and north-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955483" title="Nowe Lipki">
Nowe Lipki

Nowe Lipki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stoczek, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Węgrów and north-east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 110.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955484" title="Polkowo, Masovian Voivodeship">
Polkowo, Masovian Voivodeship

Polkowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stoczek, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955485" title="Stare Lipki">
Stare Lipki

Stare Lipki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stoczek, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Węgrów and north-east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 370.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955486" title="Stoczek, Węgrów County">
Stoczek, Węgrów County

Stoczek is a village in Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Stoczek. It lies approximately north of Węgrów and north-east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 890.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955487" title="Topór, Węgrów County">
Topór, Węgrów County

Topór is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stoczek, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Stoczek, north-west of Węgrów, and north-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955489" title="Wieliczna, Masovian Voivodeship">
Wieliczna, Masovian Voivodeship

Wieliczna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stoczek, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Stoczek, north-west of Węgrów, and north-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955491" title="Zgrzebichy">
Zgrzebichy

Zgrzebichy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stoczek, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Węgrów and north-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955493" title="Żulin, Masovian Voivodeship">
Żulin, Masovian Voivodeship

Żulin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stoczek, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Stoczek, north-west of Węgrów, and north-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955503" title="Adamów, Węgrów County">
Adamów, Węgrów County

Adamów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbno, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955506" title="Brzeźnik, Masovian Voivodeship">
Brzeźnik, Masovian Voivodeship

Brzeźnik is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbno, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955508" title="Cierpięta, Węgrów County">
Cierpięta, Węgrów County

Cierpięta is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbno, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Wierzbno, south-west of Węgrów, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955511" title="Czerwonka, Węgrów County">
Czerwonka, Węgrów County

Czerwonka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbno, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955514" title="Czerwonka-Folwark">
Czerwonka-Folwark

Czerwonka-Folwark is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbno, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955516" title="Filipy, Węgrów County">
Filipy, Węgrów County

Filipy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbno, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Wierzbno, south-west of Węgrów, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955521" title="Helenów, Węgrów County">
Helenów, Węgrów County

Helenów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbno, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955523" title="Janówek, Węgrów County">
Janówek, Węgrów County

Janówek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbno, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Wierzbno, south-west of Węgrów, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955527" title="Jaworek, Węgrów County">
Jaworek, Węgrów County

Jaworek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbno, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955529" title="Józefy, Masovian Voivodeship">
Józefy, Masovian Voivodeship

Józefy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbno, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Węgrów and east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 90.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955533" title="Karczewiec, Masovian Voivodeship">
Karczewiec, Masovian Voivodeship

Karczewiec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbno, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955535" title="Kazimierzów, Gmina Wierzbno">
Kazimierzów, Gmina Wierzbno

Kazimierzów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbno, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955537" title="Koszewnica, Węgrów County">
Koszewnica, Węgrów County

Koszewnica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbno, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Wierzbno, south-west of Węgrów, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955539" title="Krypy, Gmina Wierzbno">
Krypy, Gmina Wierzbno

Krypy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbno, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955540" title="Las Jaworski">
Las Jaworski

Las Jaworski is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbno, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955544" title="Majdan, Gmina Wierzbno">
Majdan, Gmina Wierzbno

Majdan is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbno, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955547" title="Nadzieja, Masovian Voivodeship">
Nadzieja, Masovian Voivodeship

Nadzieja is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbno, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955549" title="Natolin, Węgrów County">
Natolin, Węgrów County

Natolin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbno, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Węgrów and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955550" title="Orzechów, Masovian Voivodeship">
Orzechów, Masovian Voivodeship

Orzechów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbno, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Wierzbno, south-west of Węgrów, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955551" title="Ossówno">
Ossówno

Ossówno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbno, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Wierzbno, south-west of Węgrów, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19955554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19955554" title="Rąbież, Gmina Wierzbno">
Rąbież, Gmina Wierzbno

Rąbież is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbno, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
