<doc id="20024829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20024829" title="Herbert Fux">
Herbert Fux

Herbert Fux (25 March 1927 – 13 March 2007) was an Austrian film actor and politician. He appeared in more than 140 films between 1960 and 2007.
Life.
Fux was born in Hallein, at the age of five he moved with his family to the city of Salzburg, where his stepfather worked as a board member of the Landestheater. Having passed his matura exams under the circumstances of late World War II in 1944, he studied at the Salzburg Mozarteum University and began a career as a theatre actor.
From the 1960s, Fux appeared on the screen, later also on television, often performing as villain in numerous B movies and crime films but also Spaghetti Westerns and even Bavarian porn films. The huge number of Fux' appearances in about 120 film and 300 TV productions, also under the direction of renowned filmmakers, included a wide range of secondary parts, often distinctive, quirky characters. During his long career, he worked with directors like Michael Anderson, Christian-Jaque, Wolfgang Staudte, Volker Schlöndorff, Ingmar Bergman, and Werner Herzog as well as with famous actors such as Klaus Kinski, Udo Kier, Vincent Price, and Ulrich Matthes.
Fux died at the age of 79 with the help of the Swiss euthanasia association Dignitas in Zürich, Switzerland.
Politics.
In 1977 Fux was among the founders of a citizens' initiative against commercialization and uglification of Salzburg's historic townscape and became an elected member of the city council. In 1982 he and others established the Austrian United Greens party ("Vereinte Grüne Österreichs", VGÖ), which in 1986 merged into the Green Alternative ("Grüne Alternative"). Fux was elected MP of the Austrian National Council in the 1986 legislative election, he retained his seat until December 1988 and again entered into parliament in November 1989. In November 1990 he retired and later served as culture committee chairman in his hometown Salzburg.

</doc>
<doc id="20024836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20024836" title="Mount Lubentia">
Mount Lubentia

Mount Lubentia is a historic home located at Largo in Prince George's County, Maryland, United States. It is an elegantly detailed -story Georgian/Federal-style, Flemish bond brick house, probably built about 1760 and substantially renovated in the late 1790s, by Enoch Magruder and his son, Dennis of Harmony Hall. Also on the property and of significance in and of itself is the octagonal frame dairy which was moved onto the property in the 1970s from a nearby former plantation, "Graden." The dairy is the best surviving example of an architecturally conscious domestic outbuilding of the 18th century in the county, and possibly in the state. Also on the property is a 18h century corncrib, described in the 1798 tax records.
Mount Lubentia was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="20024849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20024849" title="Matching Head and Feet">
Matching Head and Feet

Matchng Head and Feet is a studio LP by artist Kevin Coyne which was released in 1975.
Track listing.
All songs written by Kevin Coyne except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="20024856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20024856" title="Honorary Chaplain to the Queen">
Honorary Chaplain to the Queen

An Honorary Chaplain to the Queen (QHC) is a member of the clergy within the United Kingdom, who, through long and distinguished service, is appointed to minister to the monarch of the United Kingdom. Although usually an Anglican priest or a Church of Scotland minister, a member of the clergy from any faith tradition may be appointed. When George VI reigned, Honorary Chaplains were known as Honorary Chaplains to the King (KHC). At present there are 33 appointees. They are also known as Honorary Chaplains to the Sovereign.
Honorary Chaplains wear a red cassock and a special bronze badge consisting of the royal cypher and crown within an oval wreath. The badge is worn below medal ribbons or miniature medals during the conduct of religious services on the left side of the scarf by chaplains who wear the scarf and on academic or ordinary clerical dress by other chaplains.
Ten ministers of the Church of Scotland are appointed as Chaplains to the Queen in Scotland. As of 2012, the Dean of the Chapel Royal in Scotland is the Very Reverend Dr John B. Cairns.
The monarch may also appoint, as circumstances dictate, appoint "Extra" Chaplains.
See also.
Ecclesiastical Household

</doc>
<doc id="20024879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20024879" title="Hobart Town Gazette">
Hobart Town Gazette

The Hobart Town Gazette was established in 1816 in Hobart, Van Diemen's Land (known as Tasmania since 1856) as the "Hobart Town Gazette, and Southern Reporter". In 1821 the name was changed to the "Hobart Town Gazette, and Van Diemen's Land Advertiser". In 1825 the title was split, with the government authorised publication remaining the "Hobart Town Gazette", and the original editor launching the "Colonial Times, and Tasmanian Advertiser" . From 1882 it was known as the "Hobart Gazette" and from 1907 as the "Tasmanian Government Gazette".

</doc>
<doc id="20024885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20024885" title="Olatunji Adeola">
Olatunji Adeola

Olatunde Adeola Waidi (born June 13, 1983 in Owu) is a Nigerian football player currently with Kwara United F.C. of Ilorin. He is a defender.
Career.
He is otherwise known as ‘Libero', he hopes to adorn the national colours and pursue a career in a European clubside. Played for the Princess Jegede F.C. of Lagos (1995), Julius Berger F.C. of Lagos (1996), NEPA Lagos (1997–2000), Jasper United F.C. of Onitsha (2000–2003), Ebonyi Angels F.C. of Abakaliki (2004) and Kwara United F.C. of Ilorin (2005). He was a runner-up in the state FA Cup in Lagos in 1999, a state FA Cup winner with Jasper United F.C. in 2000, a bronze medal winner with Jasper United F.C. in the Italia/US Sam Marco Championship in Udinese-Italia in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="20024900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20024900" title="List of Knight's Cross recipients 6th SS Gebirgs Division Nord">
List of Knight's Cross recipients 6th SS Gebirgs Division Nord

The SS Division "Nord" was a German unit of the Waffen-SS. It was formed as SS-Kampfgruppe "Nord" in February 1941 in Norway but it was redesignated as a division in September 1941.
The division was composed of SS men used for garrison duties in Norway. It was transferred to Finnish Lapland prior to Operation Barbarossa as part of the German XXXVI Corps under AOK Norwegen. In July 1941 the division took part in Operation Silberfuchs with the German 169th Division and the Finnish 6th Division. Due to lack of training the soldiers were routed in the first attack against the Soviet forces at Salla.
The division was later attached to the Finnish III Corps operating in the Kiestinki area.
In September 1942 the division was renamed as the SS Gebirgs Division "Nord" (SS Mountain Division "North") and in October 1943 finally as the 6th SS Gebirgs Division "Nord".
In 1944 the division took part in the Lapland War against Finland. After pulling out of Finland the division was transferred to Denmark and later to Germany. The division surrendered in May 1945 to US forces in Bavaria.
The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross and its higher grades were based on four separate enactments. The first enactment "Reichsgesetzblatt I S. 1573" of September 1, 1939 instituted the Iron Cross and the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. As the war progressed some of the recipients distinguished themselves further and a higher grade, the Oak Leaves to Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was instituted. The Oak Leaves, as they were commonly referred to, were based on the enactment "Reichsgesetzblatt I S. 849" of June 3, 1940. In 1941 two higher grades of the Knight's Cross were instituted. The enactment "Reichsgesetzblatt I S. 613" of September 28, 1941 introduced the Knight’s Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves and Swords and the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves, Swords and Diamonds. At the end of 1944 the last and final grade, the Knight's Cross with Golden Oak Leaves, Swords, and Diamonds, based on the enactment "Reichsgesetzblatt 1945 I S. 11" of December 29, 1944 concluded the variants of the Knight's Cross.
Prerequisites.
To qualify for the Knight's Cross, a soldier had to already hold the 1939 Iron Cross First Class, though the Iron Cross I Class was awarded concurrently with the Knight's Cross in rare cases.
Unit commanders could also be awarded the medal for exemplary conduct by the unit as a whole.
Grades.
The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was divided into five grades, excluding the Grand Cross of the Iron Cross:
Knight's Cross.
SS Panzergrenadier Battalion 506.
(renamed from 6th Schtz Btn) 
to 416th Inf Div in Feb 1945 ; Westwall defense area Hamm/Saarschleife 

</doc>
<doc id="20024902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20024902" title="Gymnastics at the 1932 Summer Olympics – Men's parallel bars">
Gymnastics at the 1932 Summer Olympics – Men's parallel bars

The men's parallel bars event was part of the gymnastics programme at the 1932 Summer Olympics. It was one of eleven gymnastics events for men and it was contested for the fifth time after 1896, 1904, 1924, and 1928. The competition was held on Friday, August 12, 1932.
Fifteen gymnasts from six nations competed.
Results.
A separate competition was held, unrelated to the all-around event. Two exercises were contested with the results based on total points.

</doc>
<doc id="20024921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20024921" title="Armenian-controlled territories surrounding Nagorno-Karabakh">
Armenian-controlled territories surrounding Nagorno-Karabakh

The Armenian-controlled territories surrounding Nagorno-Karabakh are areas formally part of Azerbaijan and situated outside the former Nagorno-Karabakh Autonomous Oblast, which are since the end of the Karabakh War controlled by the military forces of Armenia and Nagorno-Karabakh Republic.
Nomenclature.
These areas have also been referred to as:
Description.
Based on the administrative and territorial division of Azerbaijan, Armenian forces control the territory of the following districts of Azerbaijan:
The total land area is 7,634 km2. The outer perimeter of these territories is a line of direct contact between the military forces of the Nagorno-Karabakh Republic and Azerbaijan.
History.
At the outset of the Karabakh conflict, the Nagorno-Karabakh Autonomous Oblast / Nagorno-Karabakh Republic was surrounded by regions with Azerbaijani and Kurdish population and had no land border with Armenia. During the Nagorno-Karabakh war Azerbaijan had subjected Nagorno-Karabakh to a total blockade, which resulted in famine. As reported by the Human Rights Watch, "By the winter of 1991-92, as a result of Azerbaijan's three-year economic and transport blockade, Nagorno-Karabakh was without fuel…, electricity, running water, functioning sanitation facilities, communication facilities and most consumer goods." 
In 1992 the United States Congress added Section 907 to the Freedom Support Act of 1992, which banned direct US government support to the government of Azerbaijan. The bill namely stated: 
United States assistance under this or any other Act may not be provided to the Government of Azerbaijan until the President determines that the Government of Azerbaijan is taking demonstrable steps to cease all blockades and other offensive uses of force against Armenia and Nagorno-Karabakh. On October 24, 2001, the Senate adopted an amendment that would provide the President with the ability to waive Section 907, and he has done so since then.
During this phase of the war Azerbaijan would not agree to sign a ceasefire until after these territories passed under the Armenian control and there was a danger that Armenians would advance further to take territories of vital importance for Azerbaijan. As described by Russian mediator Vladimir Kazimirov, 
Azerbaijan for too long a time was counting on military solution of the problem… those who for more than a year (1993-1994) ignored the UN Resolutions that called for the ceasefire… were supposed to realise their direct responsibility for the consequences – for the loss of more regions and the increasing the number of refugees and IDPs.
Since then, Armenians have been in control of the entire territory of the former Nagorno-Karabakh Autonomous Oblast, except for a tiny piece east of Khojavend. In addition, since that time Armenians have controlled all of the territory between the former NKAO to Iran, as well as all of the territory between the former NKAO and Armenia, and some areas to the east surrounding Aghdam. In the north, however, the until 1992 ethnically Armenian Shahumian region, is under the control of Azerbaijan. It was not officially a part of the former NKAO, and though NKR claims it, the Armenians were driven out in 1992 and the Armenian and Azeri forces have been separated on the northern front by the Murovdag mountain chain ever since.
Since 1994, Armenia and Azerbaijan have held talks on the future of the security belt territories. The Nagorno-Karabakh Republic has not been involved in these negotiations because Azerbaijan does not recognize the existence of such parties to the conflict. The Armenian side has offered to act in accordance with the "land for status" formula (returning the territory of the security belt to the control of Azerbaijan in exchange for Azerbaijan recognising the independence of Nagorno-Karabakh Republic and giving security assurances to the Nagorno-Karabakh Republic and the Lachin corridor), Azerbaijan, on a formula of "land for peace" (returning the territory of the security belt back to Azerbaijan in exchange for security guarantees with Azerbaijan controlling territories of Nagorno-Karabakh). Facilitators have also offered, in particular, another "land for status" option (returning the territory of the security belt to the control of Azerbaijan in exchange for guarantees by Azerbaijan to hold at some point a referendum on the status of Nagorno-Karabakh). As of 2013, the involved parties have failed to reach any agreement.
Armenian historical monuments.
The Armenian sources which use the term "liberated territories," mainly refer to Armenian historical and religious monuments, and Armenian population that inhabited these territories in the past.
There the following cultural, historical and religious monuments of note in these territories:

</doc>
<doc id="20024944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20024944" title="KkStB Class 429">
KkStB Class 429

The steam locomotive class kkStB 429 was a passenger train, tender locomotive class operated by the Imperial Austrian State Railways ("Kaiserlich-königliche österreichische Staatsbahnen"), kkStB.
As Wilhelm Schmidt's superheater went into series production, Karl Gölsdorf modified the Class 329 into the superheated variant 429.
The smokebox was lengthened, the boiler barrel reduced accordingly, high-pressure cylinders were given piston valves, the low-pressure cylinders slide valves.
The Lokomotivfabrik Floridsdorf, the Wiener Neustädter Lokomotivfabrik and the Lokomotivfabrik der StEG delivered 57 units (429.01–57) to the kkStB.
In spite of the small superheater area, problems arose with the slide valves on the low-pressure side. As a result, the following 126 engines were supplied with piston valves on both sides (429.100–225).
At the same time a two-cylinder variant with piston valves was tried, of which in the end 197 units were procured by the kkStB (429.900–999 and 429.1900–1996).
The Austrian Southern Railway procured six compound locomotives (with piston valves), that were numbered 429.01–06.
The 429s were employed for all duties and with good coal generated up to 1200 PS.
They were to be found in almost all parts of the Danube Monarchy.
After the First World War the former 429s became Class 354.7 with the ČSD, Class Ol12 in the PKP, Class 106 in the JDŽ, Class 688 in the FS and were also used by the Romanian State Railways retaining their original numbers.
A total of 87 units (46 compound, 41 two-cylinder locomotives) remained in the BBÖ.
In 1939 the Deutsche Reichsbahn (DRB) reclassified the two-cylinder engines as 35 201–241 and the compounds as 35 301–346.
During the course of the war, several locomotives from the ČSD and JDŽ ended up in the DRB.
After the Second World War 46 two-cylinder machines were left in the ÖBB and became their Class 35, as well as 39 compound engines which became Class 135.
The serial numbers were not changed from those allocated by the DRB.
ČSD Class 354.7.
The ČSD in Czechoslovakia converted all its compound locomotives (27 of the first series, 57 of the second) into two-cylinder engines.
Together with the 68  two-cylinder machines taken over, they therefore had over 152 examples of Class 354.7.
With the exception of one engine, all the locomotives were give a second steam dome with a connecting pipe.
The ČSD did not withdraw Class 354.7 engines from its fleet until 1967.

</doc>
<doc id="20024946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20024946" title="Babatunde Yusuf">
Babatunde Yusuf

Yusuph Babatunde Bakare (born January 29, 1985 in Osi) is a Nigerian football player currently with Kwara United F.C. of Ilorin.
Early life.
Hails from Osi in the Ekiti local government area of Kwara State.
Career.
He is otherwise called ‘Keshi', he started his professional career with the Calabar Rovers of Calabar (1999–2000), FAAN F.C. of Lagos (2000–2001), Crown F.C. of Ogbomoso (2001–2002), Bida Lions F.C. (2002–2003), Diskabog F.C. of Ilorin (2003–2004) and Kwara United F.C. of Ilorin (2005 to date). He was two time runner-up in the state FA Cup in Niger (2002) & Kwara (2003) and won the 2005 edition with Kwara United F.C..

</doc>
<doc id="20024959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20024959" title="Revealed...">
Revealed...

Revealed... was the BBC's dedicated news programme for teenagers, part of BBC Switch, the show broadcast on Saturdays on BBC2. It was presented by Anthony Baxter and Charlotte Ashton.
Programme history.
The programme first aired on 17 May 2008, and was called Revealed... Why do they hate you? It looked at attitudes towards British teens in the press. In October 2008 the team produced a special two part programme looking into the spate of suicides in the South Wales borough of Bridgend.
Other programmes include Revealed…Manorexia, Missing People, How to beat spots, and How worried should you be about knife crime.
Other shows have looked at male eating disorders, Bridgend suicides, young millionaires and mobile phone addiction.
In May 2010 spin off show "Revealed Extra" launched, presented by Anthony Baxter. It looked at hard-hitting subjects such as teenage gangs, joining the army at 16, and young people who use their body to make money. 
Both series ran until the end of BBC Switch in December 2010.
Online.
Revealed…. also made weekly online videos for the BBC Switch website. Interviews include Ladyhawke, Lady Gaga, John Terry and Tom Daley, as well as regular news stories for teenagers.
Production.
The production team were based at Grafton House, home to the 5:19 show, and BBC Switch. Revealed... was produced by Amy Hollis, Toby Sealey and Jay Husbands; Revealed Extra was Produced and Directed by James Taylor. The Executive Producers are Geoffrey Goodwin and Rod McKenzie.

</doc>
<doc id="20024972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20024972" title="Andreas Laskaratos">
Andreas Laskaratos

Andreas Laskaratos (Ανδρέας Λασκαράτος, 1811–1901) was a satirical poet and writer from the Ionian island of Cefalonia (or Kefallinia), representative of the Heptanese School (literature). He was excommunicated by the Greek Orthodox Church because his satire targeted many of the church's prominent members. 
Biography.
Andreas Laskaratos was born in Lixouri in 1811, at the time when the Ionian islands were moving from the French to the British as a protectorate. He was considered to be highly spirited by nature, intelligent and glib. He was intensely satirical and constant in his views, publishing works which contrasted the views of his time. The fact that he did not hesitate to freely express his views by criticizing hypocrisy became the main reason behind his arrest and imprisonment, persecutions, and excommunication by the church.
He lived through the entire process of unification of the Ionian islands with mainland Greece but he distanced himself from the opinions of most leaders of the pro-unification movement. During his persecution he lived at times in Corfu, Zakynthos, London and Argostoli, where he died in 1901.
Being brought up in a wealthy aristocratic family of land-owners, he studied law in Paris, but only practised law when he was in financial need. He was the student of the great poet Andreas Kalvos and also met Greece's 'national poet' Dionysios Solomos, both of whom influenced his later course. He worked as a journalist and published poetry but is more well known as a writer of satire. He married Penelope Korgialeniou (Πηνελόπη Κοργιαλένιου), also from a wealthy family, who bore him two sons and seven daughters. His niece Eleni Lambiri was a conductor, librettist and composer. 
He published several satirical newspapers such as Lychnos (Λύχνος) that criticized immorality, injustice and hypocrisy. On many occasions he turned against politicians and their incompetence while he also fought against religious prejudices and the corruption of religious authority. 
His main works include:
External links (in Greek).
"Parts of the article were based on the content of the website http://www.kefalonitis.com (and are published under permission)."

</doc>
<doc id="20024983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20024983" title="Murrundindi">
Murrundindi

Murrundindi (aka Gary Hunter) is the ngurungaeta of the Wurundjeri people, a descendant of William Barak. He succeeded James Wandin in this position in February 2006.
Murrundindi and brother Warendj regularly conduct cultural education programs in pre-schools, primary and secondary schools throughout Melbourne. They visit school regularly and present the diversity of their Aboriginal culture to the children through song, dance, language, and music. Murrundindi also does educational work at Healesville Sanctuary who nominated him for a reconciliation award in 1997.
Battle of Yering.
On 13 January 2007 Murrundindi unveiled a plaque and pictograph at Yarra Flats Billabongs commemorating the Battle of Yering on 13 13 January 1840.
External links.
Murrindindi website - Platypus Dreaming

</doc>
<doc id="20024990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20024990" title="David Wilkinson (machinist)">
David Wilkinson (machinist)

David Wilkinson (January 5, 1771 - February 3, 1852) was a U.S. mechanical engineer who invented a lathe for cutting screw threads, which was extremely important in the development of the machine tool industry in the early 19th century.
Early life.
David Wilkinson was born at Smithfield, Rhode Island in 1771, the son of Oziel Wilkinson, a skilled blacksmith who moved his family to Pawtucket in the 1780s.
About 1784, his father, Oziel began making anchors in Pawtucket for the emerging shipbuilding industry. The shop was powered by water from the Blackstone River, and was located on the grounds of the present-day Slater Mill Historic Site.
Industrial career.
In 1790, Samuel Slater and his partners were interested in building a textile spinning mill in Pawtucket he sought the assistance of David Wilkinson and his father Oziel to produce the machinery for his new mill. They produced iron forgings and castings for Slater's carding and spinning machines. 
“all the turning of the iron for the cotton machinery built by Mr. Slater was done with hand chisels or tools in lathes turned by cranks with hand power”. David Wilkinson
In 1793 Slater's operations were moved from a clothier's shop near the Pawtucket Falls to a new mill, which today is part of the Slater Mill Historic Site.
In 1795 Oziel Wilkinson built a rolling and slitting mill just south of Slater's cotton mill. Both mills were powered with water from the same trench.
Wilkinson lathe.
Textile machinery manufacturer and scientific writer Zachariah Allen had the following to say about Wilkinson's lathe in 1861:
“It has to this day proved the most effective tool placed within the control of mankind for shaping refractory metals and for accomplishing the triumph of mind over matter. The slide engine is employed in the great machine shops of America and Europe.”
Ross Tompson (2009) on the importance of Wilkinson's lathe:
"worth all the other tools in use, in any workshop in the world, for finishing brass and iron"
On the versatility of his lathe Wilkinson said:
"The weighted side, the joint made by gravity, applies to planing, turning, and boring of metals of every kind, and in every way."
An 1848 report from the Committee on Military Affairs to the U.S. Senate highlighted the importance of Wilkinson's invention, for which the patent had expired in 1812:
"Being left open to general use, an invention so vastly important in its character could not fail to be sought after, not only in the public at large, but also by agents of the government engaged in the fabrication of arms of various descriptions; and hence we find the gauge and sliding lathe was early introduced and made use of by all the arsenals and armories of the United States."
The report went on to say 'Wilkinson was the "true and undisputed author" of the lathe, and that it was "indispensable" for making firearms, and that public armories used 200 lathes based on the invention. The report recommended a $10,000 reward, which he was given.
Wilkinson failed to generate much income from his lathe. Records exist for the sale of one lathe and a few parts.
David Wilkinson's lathe is often compared to Henry Maudslay's which was invented a few years before Wilkinson's. Maudslay's lathe used change gears which allowed it to cut threads of various pitches, without which Wilkinson's could only cut a fixed pitch. Wilkinson's lathe could handle heavier work.
Wilkinson Mill.
In 1810, the present-day Wilkinson Mill was built near their existing rolling and slitting mill and Slater's cotton mill. Three and one-half stories tall and constructed from field stones, it contained a machine shop on the first floor and cotton spinning mill on the upper floors.
In 1829, during a depression in the textile industry, David Wilkinson was forced to sell his mills. He left Rhode Island settling initially in Cohoes, New York. In 1831 the mill was sold to William Field and Thomas LeFavour. The mill would later be used to produce woolen and knitted textiles. Between 1873 and 1887 Lorenzo P. Bosworth operated a machine shop in the mill. He produced machinery and tools for the leather and jewerly industries. A braiding company would occupy the second and third floors between 1884 and 1901.
The Wilkinson Mill was later sold to the Pawtucket Electric Lighting Company. It was also used as a furniture warehouse during the 20th century.
Legacy.
The Wilkinson Mill was restored in the early 1970s as part of the Slater Mill Historic Site in Pawtucket, Rhode Island. The watermill site currently features a working 16,000-pound breastshot water wheel that powers, via gear systems and leather pulleys, various drive shafts to operate machinery.
In 1977, the American Society of Mechanical Engineers (ASME) designated the Wilkinson Mill in Pawtucket, Rhode Island a National Historic Mechanical Engineering Landmark.

</doc>
<doc id="20024994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20024994" title="Ahmed Bolaji">
Ahmed Bolaji

Ahmed Bolaji (born September 11, 1986 in Ilorin) is a Nigerian footballer. He currently plays for Kwara United F.C. of Ilorin.
Career.
Bolaji hails from the Ilorin South local government area of Kwara State, and hopes to be successful as a professional football player.
He started his football career with Kogi Teachers F.C. of Lokoja (1996–2001) and Kwara United F.C. of Ilorin (2001 to date). He was a runner-up FA Cup with Kwara State in 2002, a winner in the FA Cup with Kwara in 2003 & 2004. he was a member of the silver winning Meridien Cup in Italy in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="20024996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20024996" title="Private placement agent">
Private placement agent

Private placement agent or placement agent is a firm assisting either funds managers in the alternative asset class (e.g. private equity, infrastructure, real estate, hedge funds) or entrepreneurs/private companies (e.g. start-ups, growth capital companies) seeking to raise private financing through a so-called private placement.
Functions.
Within the context of funds managers, placement agents can serve several functions:
Within the context of private companies, placement agents typically focus on raising the following source of financing:
The placement agent acts as an intermediary between those seeking to raise money and various investors who may be interested in investing in the company looking to raise funds. However, they are typically mandated by the fund managers. A few placement agents are structured as groups within large investment banking firms (e.g., HSBC, Credit Suisse, Greenhill & Co., Lazard, UBS Investment Bank) and more frequently as separate boutique investment banks (e.g. Acanthus Advisers, Asante Capital, Champlain Advisors, Atlantic-Pacific Capital, Campbell Lutyens, Eaton Partners, M2O Private Fund Advisors, Probitas Partners, Selinus-Capital, Sixpoint Partners, Stonehaven, Touchstone Group, Triago or Venturi Capital Advisors), sometimes captive to an Alternative Asset management group or specialist fund marketer (e.g. AlphaBet Capital Advisors, Brookfield Asset Management, Hedgeforce, MVision, or Park Hill).
Placement agents will regularly seek to raise capital from a variety of institutional investors (e.g., pension funds, insurance companies, endowments, fund of funds, Sovereign wealth funds) as well as family offices and high net worth individuals. Some placement agents have an exclusive focus on a particular type of institutional investor (e.g. US Pension Advisors for corporate and public pension funds).
Placement agents are most often compensated through fee arrangements based on the amount of money raised and supported by the fund or company they are acting representing.

</doc>
<doc id="20025012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025012" title="Reverence for Life">
Reverence for Life

The phrase Reverence for Life is a translation of the German phrase: "". These words came to Albert Schweitzer on a boat trip on the Ogooué River in French Equatorial Africa (now Gabon), while searching for a universal concept of ethics for our time.
Schweitzer made the phrase the basic tenet of an ethical philosophy, which he developed and put into practice. He gave expression to its development in numerous books and publications during his life and also in manuscripts which have recently been published; the main work being his unfinished four-part "Philosophy of Culture" () subtitled: "The World-view of Reverence for Life". He also used his hospital in Lambaréné in Gabon (Central Africa) to demonstrate this philosophy in practice.
He believed that Reverence for Life is a concept that develops from observation of the world around us. In 'Civilization and Ethics' he expressed this in these words:
James Brabazon (Author of the Biography of Albert Schweitzer) defined Reverence for Life with the following statement:
Albert Schweitzer hoped that the ethic of Reverence for Life would make its way in the world on the basis of his explanation of it in his books and talks, the example of his life and the force of its own argument based on the depth of fundamental thought. To some extent this is taking place as is evidenced by the growth of the environmental movement. (The book "Silent Spring", by Rachael Carson, which is widely credited with helping launch the environmental movement, was dedicated to Albert Schweitzer). Reverence for Life can also be seen in the explosion of ethical, charitable organizations of all kinds in many parts of the world.
The origins of Albert Schweitzer’s "Reverence for Life".
Dr. Albert Schweitzer believed that ethical values which could underpin the ideal of true civilization had to have their foundation in deep thought and be world- and life-affirming. He therefore embarked on a search for ethical values in the various major religions and world-views accessible to him, but could not find any that were able, unequivocally, to combine ethics with life-affirmation. It was not until two years after moving out to Gabon to establish the Albert Schweitzer Hospital that he finally found the simple statement which answered his quest.
In his autobiography "Out of My Life and Thought," Dr. Schweitzer explains this process.
"Having described how at the beginning of the summer of 1915 he awoke from some kind of mental daze, asking himself why he was only criticizing civilization and not working on something constructive.". He relates how he asked himself the question:
But what is civilization?
The essential element in civilization is the ethical perfecting of the individual as well as society. At the same time, every spiritual and every material step forward has significance for civilization. The will to civilization is, then, the universal will to progress that is conscious of the ethical as the highest value. In spite of the great importance we attach to the achievements of science and human prowess, it is obvious that only a humanity that is striving for ethical ends can benefit in full measure from material progress and can overcome the dangers that accompany it...
The only possible way out of chaos is for us to adopt a concept of the world based on the ideal of true civilization.
But what is the nature of that concept of the world in which the will to the general progress and the will to the ethical progress join and are linked?
It consists in an ethical affirmation of the world and of life.
What is affirmation of the world and of life?...
For months on end, I lived in a continual state of mental agitation. Without the least success I concentrated - even during my daily work at the hospital - on the real nature of the affirmation of life and of ethics, and on the question of what they have in common. I was wandering about in a thicket where no path was to be found. I was pushing against an iron door that would not yield...
In that mental state, I had to take a long journey up the river . . . Lost in thought, I sat on deck of the barge, struggling to find the elementary and universal concept of the ethical that I had not discovered in any philosophy. I covered sheet after sheet with disconnected sentences merely to concentrate on the problem. Two days passed. Late on the third day, at the very moment when, at sunset, we were making our way through a herd of hippopotamuses, there flashed upon my mind, unforeseen and unsought, the phrase : “Reverence for Life”. vor dem Leben The iron door had yielded. The path in the thicket had become visible. Now I had found my way to the principle in which affirmation of the world and ethics are joined together!” 
-- Albert Schweitzer
According to some authors, Schweitzer's thought, and specifically his development for reverence for life, was influenced by Indian religious thought and in particular Jain principle of ahimsa (non-violence). Albert Schweitzer has noted the contribution of Indian influence in his book "Indian Thought and Its Development":
The laying down of the commandment to not kill and to not damage is one of the greatest events in the spiritual history of mankind. Starting from its principle, founded on world and life denial, of abstention from action, ancient Indian thought - and this is a period when in other respects ethics have not progressed very far - reaches the tremendous discovery that ethics know no bounds. So far as we know, this is for the first time clearly expressed by Jainism.
It should not be overlooked, however, that as a child he felt deeply for the suffering of all the creatures around him. It beat upon him. He wrote, "As far back as I can remember I was saddened by the amount of misery I saw in the world around me. Youth's unqualified joie de vivre I never really knew...One thing especially saddened me was that the unfortunate animals had to suffer so much pain and misery...It was quite incomprehensible to me -- this was before I began going to school -- why in my evening prayers I should pray for human beings only. So when my mother had prayed with me and had kissed me good-night, I used to add silently a prayer that I composed myself for all living creatures. It ran thus: "O heavenly Father, protect and bless all things that have breath guard them from all evil, and let them sleep in in peace..." 
Schweitzer twice went fishing with some boys "because they asked to" and "this sports was soon made impossible for me by the treatment of the worms that were put on the hook...and the wrenching of the mouths of the fishes that were caught. I gave it up...From experiences like these, which moved my heart...there slowly grew up in me an unshakeable conviction that we have no right to inflict suffering and death on another living creature, and that we ought all of us to feel what a horrible thing it is to cause suffering and death..." The concept of Reverence for Life was incipient in Schweizer almost from birth.
This awareness effected him throughout his life, as when he would carefully, gently scoop a spider out of a hole it had fallen into before planting a crop there, to feed his patients and their families who also worked on the hospital farm. He wrote that, just as our own existence is significance to each of us, "creature's existence is significant to it." He wrote that "...my relation to my own being and to the objective world is determined by reverence for life. This reverence for life is given as an element of my will-to-live..." and this will-to-live existed in all creatures and was to be respected.
As a child he was taught, and later as and adult taught his congregations the "fundamental truths of the religion of Jesus as something not hostile to reason, but, on the contrary, as strengthening them." Many later thanked him, saying that this teaching had "helped them to keep their religion in later life." A great mind, he went through "heaps of books" which were piled so high he had to make aisles to get through them. He studies the life of Jesus in a depth few have ever achieved. His own philosophy, which came to be encapsulated in the phrase Reverence for Life, had this bedrock in the Four Gospels of the New Testament.
In his book The Philosophy of Civilization, Schweitzer wrote, "Ethics are responsibility without limit toward all that lives...Love means more, since it includes fellowship in suffering, in joy, and in effort... The contents of this book shows just how well-read Schweitzer was, having studied both ancient and more modern philosophers.
The Will to Live.
The word ‘will’ in the sense of determination or firmness of purpose is rarely used today and therefore Schweitzer’s use of the word as translated from the German word ‘Wille’ may appear unfamiliar. However, it is a significant part of Schweitzer’s message. He held the view in the 1920s that people had largely lost touch with their own will, having subjugated it to outside authority and sacrificed it to external circumstances.
He therefore pointed back to that elemental part of ourselves that can be in touch with our ‘will’ and can exercise it for the good of all.
In "Out of My Life and Thought" Schweitzer wrote:
In his search for an answer to the problems posed by what was to him the obvious decline of western civilization, Albert Schweitzer was not prepared to give up the belief in progress which is so much taken for granted by people of European descent. Rather, he sought to identify why this ‘will to progress’ was seemingly going off the rails and causing the disintegration of European civilization.
He came to the following conclusion: ("Out of my Life and Thought")

</doc>
<doc id="20025024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025024" title="Polly Adams">
Polly Adams

Polly Adams (27 August 1939, Chichester, Sussex) is an English actress best known for her work on the stage both in England and in the United States, and for her portrayal of Mrs. Brown on the television series "Just William". She made her Broadway debut in the critically acclaimed 1975 revival of "London Assurance" as Grace Harkaway. For her portrayal she was nominated for a Drama Desk Award. Her other Broadway credits include "Zalmen or The Madness of God" and "Bedroom Farce".
Adams has also appeared in several productions on the London Stage appearing at such theatres as the Old Vic, the Oxford Stage Company, the Hampstead Theatre, the Royal National Theatre, the Greenwich Theatre, the Haymarket Theatre, the Lyric Hammersmith, the Globe Theatre, the Queen’s Theatre, the Piccadilly Theatre, the Savoy Theatre and the Royal Shakespeare Company among others. Her theatre credits include Ida in "Americans", "The Good Samaritan", Lady Lister in "The Chiltern Hundreds" with Bill Kenwright, "Time and the Conways", "A Month in the Country", "Pygmalion", "Tis Pity She’s a Whore", "A Small Family Business", "Tons of Money", "Plunder", "The Philanderer", "Engaged", "Troilus and Cressida and Don Juan Comes Home from the War", "The Government Inspector", "Benefactors", "The Real Thing", "Present Laughter", "The Importance of Being Earnest", "Hay Fever", "The Merchant of Venice", "Private Lives", "The Complaisant Lover", and "Relatively Speaking" among several others.
Adams has also worked on television in the United Kingdom, appearing in programmes including "The Ruth Rendell Mysteries", "Element of Doubt", "Just William", "A Dark Adapted Eye", "The Cinder Path", "Blisters", "Inspector Alleyn", "Bonjour la Classe", "The Camomile Lawn", "Sob Sisters", "Executive Stress", "The Murder at the Vicarage", "Faint-Hearted Feminist", "Winter Sunshine", "Goodbye Darling", "Tribute to the Lady", "Loyalties", "Upstairs, Downstairs", "Only the Other Day", "The First Churchills", "The Spoils of Poynton", "Pride and Prejudice", and "Compact and Sea Song". Her film credits include "Kisna" and "A Woman of the North".
Adams's daughters, Susannah and Caroline Harker are also actresses. Adams portrayed Jane Bennet in the 1967 television adaptation of "Pride and Prejudice", while Susannah Harker played the same role in the 1995 adaptation.
She currently lives in the small village of Itchenor, just a few miles from her birthplace, Chichester, Sussex.

</doc>
<doc id="20025036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025036" title="Åse Aulie Michelet">
Åse Aulie Michelet

Åse Aulie Michelet (born 1952) is a Norwegian businessperson and pharmacist. Since 1 March 2008 she has been Chief Executive Officer of Marine Harvest. She is also a member of the board of Orkla.
Michelet was educated in pharmacy at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology Zürich and the University of Oslo, graduating in 1978. After one-year as a researcher at University of Oslo, she started working for Nycomed in 1979. She became a middle manager in 1984 and an executive in 1990. In 1998 she became director of Amersham Health in Norway, and for production worldwide—a job she continued after the buy-out in 2004, when it became part of GE Healthcare. In 2008 she became Chief Executive Officer of the farmed seafood company Marine Harvest.
He is a fellow of the Norwegian Academy of Technological Sciences.

</doc>
<doc id="20025042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025042" title="Payne Brothers">
Payne Brothers

Harry Payne (1833 – 27 September 1895) and Frederick Payne (1841 – 1880) were members of a popular Victorian era of British pantomime entertainers. They were billed as The Payne Brothers. 
Fred Payne became known for portraying Harlequin, and Harry became famous as Clown in the Harlequinade that followed Victorian pantomimes. Together, the brothers appeared in Gilbert and Sullivan's first collaboration, "Thespis", in 1871. Gilbert made references to the brothers in two of his "Bab Ballads".
Biography.
Harry and Fred Payne were the sons of William Henry Schofield Payne (1804–1878), the classic pantomime artist who was a master of "dumb show" or comic mime, and who invented much of the Harlequinade action. Known as "the King of Pantomime", he trained with Joseph Grimaldi and the great Harlequin, Jack Bologna, at Sadler's Wells Theatre, and starred at Covent Garden in the 1830s and 40s. The dancing of the Payne Brothers was so celebrated that W.S. Gilbert referred to it in two of his comic "Bab Ballads", "The Bishop of Rum-ti-Foo" and "The Bishop of Rum-ti-Foo Again". When the Paynes appeared in "The Grand Duchess" at the Gaiety in 1871, a reviewer in "The Olio" wrote, "People go rather to see the eccentric dancing than to hear the eccentric music. However, in justice to the latter, it may be urged that we have all heard enough of the 'Grand Duchess', while we are all agreed that we would never see sufficient of the Payne pantomimists – perhaps, taken for all in all, the best in the world."
Harry Payne.
Harry Payne began his career playing Harlequin at Covent Garden. In 1859 he was playing a bear, and he had to take over as Clown in the middle of a performance when Richard Flexmore collapsed. He was so successful in the role that he remained as Covent Garden's Clown until the 1870s. After other appearances, including one with his brother Fred in Gilbert and Sullivan's "Thespis" in 1871, choreographed by their father, he went to Drury Lane in 1883, where he played Clown for the last twelve years of his life. 
In 1892 "Punch" said of him:
Harry Payne was described by George Grossmith as "the best clown in my time". Harry Payne opened each Boxing Day Harlequinade at Drury Lane with a somersault followed by a cheerful "Here we are again!"
Harry Payne was responsible for the creation of one of the biggest Christmas crackers ever to be made in the Victorian era. He was appearing as the Clown in a Drury Lane pantomime when the cracker was delivered. It was over seven feet in length and contained a change of costume for the whole cast as well as hundreds of small crackers that the cast threw to the children in the audience, to their great excitement. 
Harry Payne died at the age of 62 and was buried in Highgate Cemetery. "The Times" said of him, "Mr. Payne was at once an actor, a singer, and an accomplished humourist. Probably he owed something to the tuition of his father … whose mimetic feats he would seek to emulate as much as the altered conditions of pantomime entertainments would permit."
Fred Payne.
When his father, W. H. Payne, appeared as Baron Pompolino in Drury Lane's "Cinderella" in 1865, Fred Payne played his valet, Pedro. The two 
Payne senior appeared with both his sons in "Saint George and the Dragon" at Covent Garden in 1864. Fred continued to perform with his father into the 1870s; they appeared together in 1874 in "Cinderella" at the Crystal Palace as Pompolino and Pedro. With his brother Harry, Fred appeared regularly at the Theatre Royal, Manchester. He died, aged 39, at Finsbury Park, London.

</doc>
<doc id="20025045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025045" title="Idou o anthropos">
Idou o anthropos

Idou o anthropos (Ancient Greek: Ἰδοὺ ὁ ἄνθρωπος; "Ecce homo" or "Behold the Man"), written in 1886, is a work by poet and writer Andreas Laskaratos. The main theme of the book is human characters and through a series of examples it tries to acquaint the reader with the different attributes of the human psyche in its different manifestations.
The multitude of different characters portrayed in the book are an early attempt to categorize people according to their personality traits.

</doc>
<doc id="20025050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025050" title="Members of the Australian House of Representatives, 1954–1955">
Members of the Australian House of Representatives, 1954–1955

This is a list of the members of the Australian House of Representatives in the 21st Australian Parliament, which was elected at the 1954 election on 29 May 1954. The incumbent Liberal Party of Australia led by Prime Minister of Australia Robert Menzies with coalition partner the Country Party led by Arthur Fadden lost a net of five seats, but defeated the Australian Labor Party led by Herbert Evatt.

</doc>
<doc id="20025052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025052" title="Figitumumab">
Figitumumab

Figitumumab (previously CP-751871) is a monoclonal antibody targeting the insulin-like growth factor-1 receptor being investigated for the treatment of various types of cancer, for example adrenocortical carcinoma and non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC).
This drug is being developed by Pfizer.
Anti-cancer mechanism.
See Insulin-like growth factor 1 receptor role in cancer.
Clinical trials.
The first phase III trial (for NSCLC) was suspended in December 2009 due to excess deaths but others continue.
It will be included in the forthcoming I-SPY2 breast cancer trial.

</doc>
<doc id="20025058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025058" title="Lembang">
Lembang

Lembang is a town in the province of West Java in Java, Indonesia. The town has about 17.000 inhabitants (census 2010). The population of the Lembang district is 183,300 (2005).
Lembang is situated between 1,312 and 2,084 above sea level. Its highest point is on top of Tangkuban Perahu Mt. The temperature usually ranges between 17 and 24 degrees Celsius.
Lembang means "dent" in Indonesian.
Economy.
Besides tourism industry and agriculture, Lembang also has 4,000 milk cow farmers which supply Frisian Flag, Diamond and Danone.
Lembang Fault.
The Lembang Fault is still active with movement 2 milimeters a year, crosses Lembang city and runs 22 kilometers north of the Bandung basin, ranging from Mount Palasari to Cisarua. 700 years ago the earthquakes occurred at several points along the fault line and could potentially trigger up to a magnitude-7 quake. The impact might be threat to 8 million people who are currently living in the Bandung basin area and its surrounding area.

</doc>
<doc id="20025061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025061" title="List of windmills in Devon">
List of windmills in Devon

A list of windmills in Devon.
Sources.
Unless stated otherwise, the source for all entries is 
Notes.
Mills in bold are still standing, known building dates are indicated in bold. Text in "italics" denotes indicates that the information is not confirmed, but is likely to be the case stated.

</doc>
<doc id="20025064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025064" title="HMS Trompeuse (1797)">
HMS Trompeuse (1797)

HMS "Trompeuse" was the French privateer "Mercure", captured in 1797. She foundered in the English Channel in 1800. 
Origins.
Her origins are not clear. Two seminal references declare that captured "Mercure" in May 1797. However, there is no letter in the "London Gazette" for "Melampus" capturing a "Mercure" in 1797, which by itself is not unusual, but two other sources, one of them a letter in the "London Gazette" by the captain of "Melampus", puts his capture of a "Mercure" in February 1799 (see below).
Winfield has "Mercure" being named "Trompeuse" and registered in September 1798. He reports that she was then commissioned into the Royal Navy a year later under Commander John Parker Robinson. 
However, there was an earlier capture of a privateer "Mercure" whose dates better fit these facts. On 31 August 1798, and captured the French privateer "Mercure", pierced for 20 guns but carrying 18, and with a crew of 132 men. She had sailed from Bordeaux the day before and was a new vessel, copper-bottomed and fastened.
The French ship-owner Michel Delastelle fitted a "Mercure" out in 1798 and appointed Charles Delastelle, a relative of his, as captain. On her first cruise she took no prizes. On her second cruise, under captain Jacques Fromy, she took two prizes. However the value of the prizes probably was no more than the cost of provisioning her and paying advances to the crew.
In February 1799 "Melampus" captured this second "Mercure" in the Bay of Biscay. "Mercure" was armed with 16 guns and had a crew of 103 men. She was from Saint Malo and was returning to her home port after having had a successful cruise in the Channel.
Fate.
"Trompeuse" disappeared in the Channel in May 1800. She was last seen on 17 May near the French coast during a severe storm and is presumed to have foundered. Two other vessels, the hired armed cutter "Lady Jane" and the ship sloop were lost in the same storm. 

</doc>
<doc id="20025081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025081" title="West Lake Forest, New Orleans">
West Lake Forest, New Orleans

West Lake Forest is a neighborhood in the city of New Orleans, Louisiana, United States. A subdistrict of the New Orleans East area, its boundaries as determined by the City Planning Commission are: Interstate 10 to the north and west, Read Boulevard to the east, and Dwyer Road to the south.
West Lake Forest has a mixture of single-family detached homes, apartment complexes, and townhomes. The neighborhood was developed mostly during the late 1960s and 1970s. New Orleans and the state of Louisiana experienced an economic decline in the late 1980s, which slowed development. Lake Forest Plaza, an shopping center in the heart of West Lake Forest, was hit hard by the downturn. The opening of newer, larger malls in the Greater New Orleans area also depleted its customer base.
By the 1990s, the neighborhood saw an increase in the number of low-income residents as public housing developments in other parts of the city were closed. The total population of West Lake Forest rose 5.75% between 1990 and 2000, while New Orleans as a whole declined by 2.5%.
West Lake Forest was significantly impacted by Hurricane Katrina in 2005. Over 70% of residential properties as well as nearly all commercial properties in the neighborhood received flood damage, wind damage, or both. Approximately 33.4% of West Lake Forest's pre-Katrina household population had returned to the neighborhood as of June 2008.
Geography.
According to the United States Census Bureau, West Lake Forest has a total area of . of which is land and of which is water.
Demographics.
As of the census of 2000, there were 9,596 people, 3,578 households, and 2,377 family households.
As of the census of 2010, there were 4,015 people, 1,468 households, and 1,064 family households.

</doc>
<doc id="20025107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025107" title="Sarafa Usman">
Sarafa Usman

Usman Sarafa (born March 26, 1985 in Offa) is a Nigerian football player currently with Sunshine Stars F.C..
Career.
An indigene of Offa in Offa local government area of Kwara State, started his football career with Sunshine Stars F.C. of Akure (2000/2001 & 2003/2004), Sharks F.C. of Port Harcourt (2001/2002). In the 2004/5 season's first round of the League, he played for Sunshine Stars F.C. of Port Harcourt, before joined Kwara United F.C. of Ilorin for the second round of the season via the transfer window. In summer 2010 left Kwara United F.C. of Ilorin and signed with Sunshine Stars F.C..

</doc>
<doc id="20025123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025123" title="Józef Brodowski">
Józef Brodowski

Józef Brodowski may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20025125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025125" title="Cattierite">
Cattierite

Cattierite (CoS2) is a cobalt sulfide mineral found in the Democratic Republic of Congo. It was discovered together with the nickel sulfide vaesite by Johannes F. Vaes, a Belgian mineralologist and named after Felicien Cattier, Chairman of the Board, Union Miniere du Haut Katanga.
The mineral belongs to the pyrite group, in which all minerals share the same building principle. The metal in the oxidation state +2 forms a sodium chloride structure together with the anion S22-. This formalism recognizes that the sulfur atoms in pyrite occur in pairs with clear S-S bonds.
It occurs with pyrite, chalcopyrite and members of the linnaeite – polydymite group in ore deposits in carbonate rocks. In addition to the type locality in the Katanga district it is reported from Gansberg, Black Forest, Germany; near Filipstad, Varmland, Sweden; Bald Knob, near Sparta, Alleghany County, North Carolina and in the Fletcher mine of Reynolds County, Missouri.

</doc>
<doc id="20025140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025140" title="Eric Cordingly">
Eric Cordingly

Eric William Bradley Cordingly MBE (17 May 1911–1976) was the Anglican Bishop of Thetford from 1963 until his death in 1976.
Early life and ordination.
Cordingly studied theology at King's College London and St Stephen's House, Oxford before his ordination in 1934. He was a curate at St Peter Le Poer, Friern Barnet (1934–36). He then became curate at Minchinhampton, before becoming Rector of Stanton in 1938.
Prisoner of war.
After the start of World War II, Cordingly joined as an army chaplain in a territorial battalion of the Royal Northumberland Fusiliers. He was deployed to France and took part in the Dunkirk evacuation. On 4 February 1942, Cordingly's unit arrived in Singapore. Just a few days later, British forces lost the Battle of Singapore and surrendered to Japan. From 18 February 1942 until the end of the war, Cordingly was held as a prisoner of war by Japanese forces. He spent most of this time at a prisoner-of-war camp in Changi, Singapore. The site is now commemorated at the Changi Museum, which contains the original cross that Cordingly used during his wartime church services.
From April 1943 to April 1944 Cordingly was sent with other prisoners to Thailand to work on the Burma Railway. Many of his fellow captives did not survive. He later wrote about this experience in a book, "Beyond Hatred", calling it "To me a yearthe toughest of my life, grim and shocking as it waswhich on reflection I would not have missed. I have learned muchbut it is a year I would never wish to live through again. Eight chaplains were in this Forcethree are buried in Thailand."
Release.
After the Surrender of Japan and the end of World War II, Cordingly returned to the UK. He was subsequently awarded an MBE for his services while he was a prisoner-of-war. He resumed his work as Rector of Leckhampton. In 1955, Cordingly became Rector of Stevenage. From 1960 to 1963 he was an Honorary Chaplain to the Queen. in 1962 he was appointed Archdeacon of Norfolk. A year later he became Bishop of Thetford. He was married with four children. His eldest son, David Cordingly, is a naval historian.
War Diaries.
In 2013, his family published 'Down to Bedrock' - a collection of the diaries he wrote as prisoner of war. 

</doc>
<doc id="20025145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025145" title="Nasiru Aliyu">
Nasiru Aliyu

Abubakar Aliyu Nasiru (born October 20 1990) is a Nigerian football player currently with Kwara United F.C. of Ilorin.
Early life.
Hails from Sepi in Giyede local government area of Bauchi State, nurtures the ambition to become a successful professional football player.
Career.
Nasiru started his professional football career with El-Kanemi F.C. of Maiduguri in the 2003 season, before joined Kwara United F.C. of Ilorin through the transfer window 2005. A cadet of the Shell Cup 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="20025169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025169" title="Masselot">
Masselot

Masselot is the name of a family whose origin has been attested since the Middle Ages in Flanders and in the County of Hainaut, at the Court of Mons. This family afforded persons from all kind of fields. This family is descended among others from William I of England. However, this is not attested for the Flemish branch.
The origin of this name is probably the Old French word "macelote", which denominated a kind of bludgeon during the Middle Ages.
The Masselot are now living all over the France, but also in Canada (Ste-Hyacinthe) and in the United States of America (Vermont, Illinois) where the name has changed into "Lashway" after the mutation of the nickname "Lajoie", which was attributed to the Canadian branch of the Masselot originally coming from Lorraine (Masselot-Lajoie). Members of this family are also living in Belgium (Mons), in Italy, in Ireland and in Germany (Lower Saxony, Rhineland-Palatinate and Sarre).

</doc>
<doc id="20025175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025175" title="Mohammed Shuaib">
Mohammed Shuaib

Mohammed Sani Shuaibu (born November 17, 1984 in Minna) is a Nigerian football player currently with Shooting Stars F.C..
Early life.
Hails from Minna in Minna local government area of Niger State, he is otherwise called ‘Efosa', his ambition is to become a successful professional player.
Career.
He started his professional career with the Niger Tornadoes F.C. of Minna (1999–2004) and joined Kwara United F.C. of Ilorin for the 2005 season. He was in the National Challenge FA Cup winning team in 2000 which qualified the team to play in the African Winners (Mandela) Cup in 2001. he was a member of the Niger Tornadoes F.C. team that played the West African Football Union (WAFU) in 2000. In September 2009 the former member of Niger Tornadoes F.C. and Kwara United F.C. signed for Shooting Stars F.C..

</doc>
<doc id="20025228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025228" title="Dominik Rodinger">
Dominik Rodinger

Dominik Rodinger (born 17 August 1987) is a Czech football goalkeeper who currently plays for FK Dukla Banská Bystrica.
He previously played in the Czech Gambrinus liga for FSC Libuš. His former club was FK Bohemians Praha.

</doc>
<doc id="20025244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025244" title="Hidetoshi Nishijima">
Hidetoshi Nishijima

Hidetoshi Nishijima may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20025250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025250" title="Matej Ižvolt">
Matej Ižvolt

Matej Ižvolt (born 5 June 1986 in Ilava) is a Slovak footballer, who currently plays for Piast Gliwice.
Club career.
He started his football career in ZTS Dubnica, in June 2007 he signed a 3-year contract with ŠK Slovan Bratislava. He represented Slovakia in the Under-21 categories. In July 2012, he joined Polish club Piast Gliwice on one-year contract.

</doc>
<doc id="20025257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025257" title="Niyi Ogunlana">
Niyi Ogunlana

Babatunde Niyi Ogunlana (born August 14, 1984 in Patako) is a former Nigerian football player, who was last playing for Kwara United F.C. of Ilorin.
Career.
Hails from Patako in the Ifelodun local government area of Kwara State, he is otherwise called ‘Overmars'. He attended St. Joseph's Nursery & Primary School, Ilorin and the Government Secondary School, Ilorin (1992). He obtained his first degree, BSc (Geography) from the University of Ilorin-Nigeria (1997).
He has played for Kwara Stars F.C. of Ilorin (1997–2001), Katsina United F.C. of Katsina (2001–2003), Kwara United F.C. of Ilorin (2004 to date).
Retirement.
After retiring was named as Welfare officer of Kwara United F.C..

</doc>
<doc id="20025260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025260" title="Diogo Pires">
Diogo Pires

José Diego Pires (born December 18, 1981) is Brazilian football player, who plays for Guarani.
He has a gifted left foot, one of the main free kick takers.
His father Waldir Peres played as goalkeeper for the Selecao.

</doc>
<doc id="20025262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025262" title="Karim Sadiq">
Karim Sadiq

Karim Khan Saadiq () (born 28 February 1984) is an Afghan cricketer. He is a right-handed batsman who occasionally fields as a wicket-keeper for the Afghan national team. He can also bowl off break, taking 4/27 against Denmark in their first match of 2009 ICC World Cup Qualifier.
Early career.
Saadiq is a part of the rapidly rising Afghan cricket team that in under a year has won the World Cricket League Division Five, Division Four and Division Three, thus promoting them to Division Two and allowing them to partake in the 2009 ICC World Cup Qualifier's.
He was suspended for one match during the 2009 ICC World Cup Qualifier due to "inappropriate and intentional physical contact" in their defeat to the Netherlands. During the tournament he performed well with the bat, top scoring with 92, and, surprisingly for a wicketkeeper, with the ball.
Quitting Afghanistan.
Shortly after Afghanistan achieved ODI status, Saadiq quit the national setup in protest at his brother, Hasti Gul being dropped for their ICC Intercontinental Cup match against Zimbabwe XI. Saadiq cited what he called "injustices" and "wrong policies", accusing national coach Kabir Khan of not acting in the best interest of the team.
Return.
Saadiq's international retirement was short lived, as he made his first-class debut in January 2010 against Ireland, where he made scores of 19 and 1.
In February 2010, Saadiq made his Twenty20 International debut in the Sri Lanka Associates T20 Series against Ireland. Saadiq took 2/17 with the ball, despite this Afghanistan lost by 5 wickets. Later, Saadiq was a key member of Afghanistan's World Twenty20 Qualifier winning team. Saadiq was later named in Afghanistan's squad for the 2010 ICC World Twenty20.
Saadiq was a key member of Afghanistan's 2010 ACC Trophy Elite winning squad, which defeated Nepal in the final by 95 runs. In final, Saadiq top scored for Afghanistan with 58 runs. In Afghanistan's first match of the tournament, he scored 130 runs from 92 balls against Bhutan in Afghanistan's 393 run win.
He later played for the newly formed Afghan Cheetahs team in the Faysal Bank Twenty-20 Cup 2011-12. Sadiq later featured in Afghanistan's first One Day International against a Full Member Test-playing nation when they played Pakistan at Sharjah in February 2012. Saqdi top scored in Afghanistan's innings with 40 runs, before becoming one of Shahid Afridi's five wickets. Pakistan won the encounter by 7 wickets.
One Day International Centuries.
Karim Sadiq also appears in the storyville documentary Afghan Cricket Club: Out of the Ashes

</doc>
<doc id="20025277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025277" title="Ivan Janek">
Ivan Janek

Ivan Janek (born 1 July 1986) is a Slovak football defender who currently plays for the Majstrovstvá regiónu club MFK Zemplín Michalovce B. 
Janek began his playing career with ŠK Slovan Bratislava. He also had a spell with Bohemians 1905, making nine appearances in the Czech Gambrinus liga.

</doc>
<doc id="20025286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025286" title="Nishitetsu Ogōri Station">
Nishitetsu Ogōri Station

The station opened on April 12, 1924.

</doc>
<doc id="20025295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025295" title="Peter Štepanovský">
Peter Štepanovský

Peter Štepanovský (born 12 January 1988) is a Slovak football midfielder.
Club career.
Štepanovský was born in Skalica. Peter started his career in the youth system of MFK Skalica and later went to Slovak giants Slovan Bratislava. His equalizing goal against Roma meant procedure in the group stage UEFA Europa League in 2011/2012 season. In February 2012 Štepanovský signed a contract with FK Senica, playing in the Slovak Corgoň Liga.

</doc>
<doc id="20025300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025300" title="Jakub Rada">
Jakub Rada

Jakub Rada (born 5 May 1987) is a Czech football player who currently plays for Bohemians 1905.
Rada made one appearance in the Czech Gambrinus liga for SK Kladno.

</doc>
<doc id="20025310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025310" title="Mauro Bonomi">
Mauro Bonomi

Mauro Bonomi (Cremona, 23 August 1972) is a former Italian footballer.
Career.
Bonomi began playing in Serie B in Cremonese in 1990. The following year approach with grigiorossi in Serie A, where his debut on 1 September 1991 against the Ferraris in Genoa (2-0 for the griffins). 
In 1992 he moved to Lazio, which began on August 26, 1992 against Ascoli (4-0 for the biancocelesti). After a few seasons by a holder in the rearguard of Lazio in 1994-95 did not find much space undici holder, accomplices of the explosion and Negro Nesta, and so he decided to move to Cagliari the following year. 
The following year falls in Serie B with Cesena and in the summer of 1997 ritoena in the top flight, purchased from Bologna. However Emilian with only one lot quarrel before moving to Turin even in Serie B. In his third season with grenade conquest promotion in Serie A, but remains in B moving to Naples. Three seasons later, after the failure of Parthenopean who led the retocessione in Serie C1, went to Catanzaro. He ended his career at Ravenna in Serie C1 in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="20025323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025323" title="National Association of Discharged Sailors and Soldiers">
National Association of Discharged Sailors and Soldiers

The National Association of Discharged Sailors and Soldiers (NADSS) was a British veterans' organisation.
The group was founded in early 1917 at a conference in Blackburn, drawing together various local groups representing working men who had served in World War I but had since been discharged. It campaigned for better pensions, and more opportunities for re-training. Led by James Howell, it developed links with trade unions and the Labour Party.
The association sponsored several candidates at the 1918 UK general election, forming part of what was termed the "Silver Badge Party". Robert Hewitt Barker was elected in Sowerby, having been endorsed by the local branch, but not by the executive, and acting essentially an independent Conservative.
Around this time, the group severed its links with the labour movement, and became more conservative in outlook, moving closer to the Comrades of the Great War group. In 1919, James Myles Hogge replaced Howell as President. In 1921, it merged with the Comrades group, the National Federation of Discharged and Demobilized Sailors and Soldiers and the Officers' Association to form the Royal British Legion.

</doc>
<doc id="20025327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025327" title="List of IDW Publishing publications">
List of IDW Publishing publications

IDW Publishing is an American comic book company. They are known, in particular, for the popular horror franchise "30 Days of Night", as well as producing comics based on spin-offs from other media, such as "The Transformers", "CSI", and "Star Trek".

</doc>
<doc id="20025329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025329" title="National Federation of Discharged and Demobilized Sailors and Soldiers">
National Federation of Discharged and Demobilized Sailors and Soldiers

The National Federation of Discharged and Demobilized Sailors and Soldiers (NFDDSS) was a British veterans organisation.
The organisation was founded in January 1917 by various London-based veterans groups opposed to the Review of Exceptions Act, which made it possible for people invalided out of the armed forces to be re-conscripted. It adopted the slogans "Every man once before any man twice" and "Justice before charity".
Although the Federation initially invited senior military figures to its meetings, they refused. The leadership was assumed by the left-wing Liberal Party MPs James Hogge and William Pringle, who fought for improved pensions and representation on relevant government committees. Frederick Lister later took over the presidency. The Federation's politics were thus broadly liberal, although there was a wide diversity of opinion.
In 1919, the Woolwich branch organised a march on Parliament Square, which was baton charged by police. Other branches worked closely with the trade union movement, and some set up soup kitchens.
F.B. Hughes, a member of the NFDDSS, stood on behalf of the group at the Liverpool Abercromby by-election, 1917, against Edward Stanley of the Conservative Party but was unsuccessful, taking only a quarter of the votes cast. This intervention persuaded the Earl of Derby to found Comrades of the Great War as a right-wing alternative veterans group. The NFDDSS then sponsored a considerable number of candidates at the 1918 UK general election, some jointly with the rival National Association of Discharged Sailors and Soldiers (NADSS) in what was termed the "Silver Badge Party", although none were successful.
In 1920, the Federation invited NADSS, Comrades of the Great War and the Officers' Association to a meeting to discuss a potential merger, and this was achieved in 1921, establishing the Royal British Legion.

</doc>
<doc id="20025330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025330" title="Edward Weng">
Edward Weng

Ted Weng Edward Louis (born July 17, 1982 in Kurra Falls) is a Nigerian football player currently with El-Kanemi Warriors of Maiduguri.
Early career.
Hails from Kurra Falls in the Barkin Ladi local government area of Plateau State. He is otherwise known as ‘Ze Roberto'. His ambition presently is to be a successful player.
Career.
He started his professional career with the Mighty Jets of Jos (1998–1999). He has played for BCC Lions FC of Gboko (1999), Niger Tornadoes F.C. of Minna (2000–2002), El-Kanemi Warriors FC of Maiduguri (2002–2004),
Titles.
Weng was a National Challenge FA Cup winner with Niger Tornadoes F.C. in 2000, played in the West African Football Union (WAFU) Cup in 2000 and in the African Cup Winners (Mandela) Cup in 2001 with Niger Tornadoes.

</doc>
<doc id="20025337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025337" title="Ľudovít Cvetler">
Ľudovít Cvetler

Ľudovít Cvetler (born 17 September 1938 in Bernolákovo) is a former Slovak football player. He played for Czechoslovakia. He played mostly for ŠK Slovan Bratislava. He helped them to the 1969 European Cup Winners' Cup Final where he scored one of their goals as they beat Barcelona 3-2.

</doc>
<doc id="20025340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025340" title="Nottingham, Prince George's County, Maryland">
Nottingham, Prince George's County, Maryland

Nottingham is a small town on the Patuxent River in Prince George's County, Maryland. 
It contains an archaeological site listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
Pre-European era.
The Nottingham site is an archeological site located on a terrace of the Patuxent River, near Upper Marlboro, Prince George's County, Maryland. The site contains an important record of more than 5000 years of prehistory, including Middle Archaic (ca. 6000 BC) through Late Woodland (AD 1600) materials. Of particular note are a sizable Middle Woodland Selby Bay component, and a large Late Woodland component (ca. AD 1550-1600) which may correspond to the village of Mattpament depicted on John Smith’s 1608 map.
Colonial settlement.
The Bowie family settled in this area during the colonial period, building a number of homes including "Mattaponi".
Benjamin Contee was born in Nottingham.

</doc>
<doc id="20025341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025341" title="Mattie Murphy">
Mattie Murphy

Mattie Murphy is an Irish hurling manager and former player. He played hurling with his local clubs Turloughmore and Gort in the 1970s and 1980s. Murphy has previously served as manager of both the Galway and Mayo senior inter-county teams and is currently the manager of the Galway minor hurling team.

</doc>
<doc id="20025386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025386" title="Elf deities">
Elf deities

The Seldarine ("Tel'Seldarine" in the elvish language) is the name of the pantheon of the good and neutral elven gods in many campaign settings for the "Dungeons & Dragons" role-playing game. The name roughly translates as "the fellowship of brothers and sisters of the wood." The Seldarine are led by the greater deity Corellon Larethian. Their home plane is Arvandor (part of Arborea/Mount Olympus).
The members of the Seldarine are:
"Races of the Wild" introduced:
"Dragon" magazine issues #155, 236, and 251 expanded the pantheon to include:
Not truly part of the Seldarine but venerated by surface elves and associated with the Seldarine are:
Some of the wild elves of the "Forgotten Realms" also venerate beast-totems known as Bear, Eagle, Raven, and Wolf, all aspects of Rillifane Rallathil.
There is also a Dark Seldarine, which is the name given to the Drow deities.
In the 4th edition of "Dungeons & Dragons", the default and Forgotten Realms pantheons have been greatly streamlined. The Seldarine of the default settings are exarchs, lesser powers in service to either Corellon or Sehanine. The Seldarine of the Forgotten Realms are either exarchs of Corellon or aspects of other gods or powers.
Aerdrie Faenya.
In the "Dungeons & Dragons" roleplaying game, Aerdrie Faenya is the elven goddess of Air, Weather, Freedom, Impulse, Fertility, and Birds. Aerdrie appears to be a tall, elven woman with feathered hair and eyebrows. A pair of large bird-like wings, with feathers that constantly change color, sprout from her back. The lower half of her body vanishes into a misty whirlwind, so that she never appears to touch the ground. Her symbol is a cloud with a bird silhouette. Aerdrie's realm, a floating palace called the "Aerie", shifts across the border between Arborea and Ysgard; sometimes it is found in Arvandor and sometimes in Alfheim. 
Aerdrie Faenya was first detailed in Roger E. Moore's article "The Elven Point of View," in "Dragon" #60 (TSR, 1982). In "Dragon" #92 (December 1984), Gary Gygax indicated this as one of the deities legal for the Greyhawk setting. She also appeared in the original "Unearthed Arcana" (1985). Aerdrie Faenya was detailed in the book "Monster Mythology" (1992), including details about her priesthood. Her role in the cosmology of the Planescape campaign setting was described in "On Hallowed Ground" (1996). She received a very detailed description for his role in the Forgotten Realms in "Demihuman Deities" (1998). She is described as one of the good deities that celestials can serve in the supplement "Warriors of Heaven" (1999). Aerdrie Faenya's role in the Forgotten Realms is revisited in "Faiths and Pantheons" (2002).
Deep Sashelas.
Deep Sashelas is the elf patron deity of aquatic elves. He is also a god of creation, knowledge, beauty, and magic. Sashelas is known as the "Knowledgeable One," and is the master of dolphins. Sashelas is married to the goddess of Dolphins, Trishina. Sashelas makes his home on the plane of Arborea, and lives in the realm of "Elavandor". His holy symbol is a dolphin.
Elebrin Liothiel.
Elebrin Liothiel is the elven god of orchards, gardens and the harvest. He is depicted as a young male elf dressed in a tunic and breeches in muted shades of gold and a cloak in the color of green spring leaves. His symbol is a chestnut on top of a leaf.
Worshipers.
Liothiel's clerics tend to the communal gardens and orchards of elven settlements while learning to harmonize with nature rather than dominating over it. His shrines are often built on simple platforms upon tall trees or sometimes domed buildings made of saelas.
Erevan Ilesere.
Erevan Ilesere is the elven deity of Mischief, Change, Rogues and Changelings. Erevan is a fickle, utterly unpredictable god who can change his appearance at will. Some humorous tales say that Erevan changed form and sex in order to conceive and bear the unicorn god Eachthighern with the ki-rin god Koriel. Erevan is a close ally of the Seelie Court. Erevan lives in the realm of "Arvandor" on the plane of Arborea.
Hanali Celanil.
Hanali Celanil is the elf deity of romantic love and beauty.
Hanali lives in the realm of "Arvandor" on the plane of Arborea. Her symbol is a gold heart.
Labelas Enoreth.
Labelas Enoreth is an elven deity in many Dungeons & Dragons campaign settings. In the "Forgotten Realms", he is Lord of the Continuum who governs the orderly passage of time and guards against those who would alter the path of history. Together with Sehanine Moonbow he oversees the long life span of the elves and their lives after they have left the mortal realms.
Naralis Analor.
In the "Dungeons & Dragons" roleplaying game, Naralis Analor is a minor elven god associated with healing, easing of pain, and death. His symbol is a shield bearing a white dove. He is considered a member of the Seldarine.
Naralis Analor's primary interest is not just the safeguarding of elven souls after they depart, but also healing of the living. He is one of the few death gods who isn’t malevolent or uncaring, and he’s very popular in those worlds where his worship is practiced.
Naralis’s worshipers are those who are concerned with keeping their fellow elves healthy, and in caring for those who are going to die. Some adventurers give their respect to Naralis in the hope he’ll be able to turn the next potential deathblow away from them.
Rillifane Rallathil.
Rillifane Rallathil is the elven god of Nature, and patron deity of wood elves. Rillifane appears as a green-skinned elf clad in bark armor and carrying a magic bow that slays any target hit by one of its arrows. Rillifane is on good terms with other members of the Seldarine, and considers the centaur deity Skerrit the Forester a close friend.
Solonor Thelandira.
Solonor Thelandira is the elven god of hunting, archery, and survival in wild and harsh places. He teaches his followers the arts of hunting; including archery, moving unseen and hiding in wild places. He watches over the borders of wilderness and farmed land and seeks to maintain the balance between them. His symbol is a silver arrow with green fletching, and his sacred animal is the stag. Solonor is never in one place for long, as he is always hunting. His magical bow can fire as far as the horizon and his quiver that never empties. He hunts not to kill for killings sake but to maintain the balance of nature and to destroy evil. He does not close with foes, but tracks them and shoots from a distance. He can create an arrow of slaying, and if this strikes home it will kill all enemies. Many fiends have fallen to a single shot.
Vandria Gilmadrith.
Vandria Gilmadrith, a daughter of Corellon Larethian, is the Seldarine goddess of war, justice, and grief. She is unique among the Seldarine as being the only deity with a lawful alignment. For this reason, during times of peace she usually has fewer followers among the elves than among other races. When the elves go to war en masse, however, they turn to her for help and guidance. Elven patron saint of warhammers.
Worshipers.
Vandria's clerics work with villages to strengthen their defenses, and to help adjudicate disputes between quarrelling parties. In times of war they advocate against individualism and promote unity and group tactics.

</doc>
<doc id="20025398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025398" title="Ľudovít Zlocha">
Ľudovít Zlocha

Ľudovít Zlocha (born 17 May 1945) is a former Slovak football player. He played for Czechoslovakia, for which he played 12 matches.
His brother, Ján was also a Czechoslovakia international footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="20025404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025404" title="Bat Loves the Night">
Bat Loves the Night

Bat Loves the Night is a non-fiction children's picture book by Nicola Davies and illustrated by Sarah Fox-Davies.
Summary.
The book tells the story about a bat and the book also has info about bats with illustrations that show bats flying, hanging, and walking. It also talks about the different kinds of bats in the world.

</doc>
<doc id="20025406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025406" title="This Is...TAT">
This Is...TAT

This Is... TAT is an EP released by UK-based band TAT. It was released in the Summer of 2008, months before their debut album.
Information.
All Tracks written by Tatiana DeMaria except:

</doc>
<doc id="20025415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025415" title="House of van de Werve">
House of van de Werve

Van de Werve is a family and is one of the oldest noble family from Antwerp that is still in existence. 

</doc>
<doc id="20025416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025416" title="Ján Arpáš">
Ján Arpáš

Ján Arpáš (7 November 1917 – 16 April 1976) was a Slovak football player. He played for Slovakia. In his country he played for ŠK Slovan Bratislava. In Italy he played for Juventus FC.
He also played twelve times for Slovakia between 1939 and 1944, including scoring his country's first international goal, against Germany on 27 August 1939.

</doc>
<doc id="20025424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025424" title="Jozef Obert">
Jozef Obert

Jozef Obert (born 4 January 1938 in Veľké Bielice, Czechoslovakia), nicknamed "Joschi" during his career in Austria, is a former Slovak football striker and later coach. He played for Slovan Bratislava, Rudá Hvězda Brno, Tatran Prešov and Wacker Innsbruck. He scored 92 goals at the Czechoslovak First League.
Obert earned four caps for the Czechoslovakia national football team and debuted against Soviet Union in friendly match on 30 August 1958.
Obert acted as an assistant coach of Slovan Bratislava alongside Anton Malatinský (1978–81) and as a head coach of Casino Salzburg (1981–84), Slovan Bratislava (1985) and 1. FC Košice (1994).

</doc>
<doc id="20025425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025425" title="Abdulrasaq Wuraola">
Abdulrasaq Wuraola

Abdul-Rasaq Wuraola (born August 24, 1984 in Offa) is a Nigerian football player currently with Kwara United F.C. of Ilorin.
Early life.
Was born in Offa of Offa Local government area, his ambition was to play professional football abroad.
Professional career.
Started playing football with the Ranchers Bees of Kaduna in 2000, Nigerian Universal Bank of Kaduna in 2001, Niger Tornadoes F.C. of Minna in 2002, Kwara Stars F.C. of Ilorin in 2003, Sharks F.C. Of Port-Harcourt in 2004 and Kwara United F.C. of Ilorin in 2005. In 2001 season, he played in the African Winners Cup tournament with Niger Tornadoes F.C..

</doc>
<doc id="20025431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025431" title="Tomáš Stúpala">
Tomáš Stúpala

Tomáš Stúpala (born 5 May 1966 in Bratislava) is a former Slovak football player.
Career.
He played club football for ŠK Slovan Bratislava. He earned 14 caps for the Slovak national football team from 1994 to 1995.
After he retired from playing, became a football coach. He was appointed assistant manager of ŠK Slovan's B side in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20025433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025433" title="Isabel, Illinois">
Isabel, Illinois

Isabel is an unincorporated town in Embarrass Township, Edgar County, Illinois, USA.
Isabel was the birthplace of Lester C. Hunt, 19th Governor of Wyoming.
Geography.
Isabel is located at at an elevation of 669 feet. It is less than a mile west of the small town of Borton.

</doc>
<doc id="20025441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025441" title="William Paton">
William Paton

William Paton may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20025449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025449" title="Kazakhstan–Turkey relations">
Kazakhstan–Turkey relations

Kazakh–Turkish relations are foreign relations between Kazakhstan and Turkey. Turkey recognized Kazakhstan on 16 December 1991, being the first state to recognize the independence of Kazakhstan, when Kazakhstan declared its independence. Diplomatic relations between the two countries were established on 2 March 1992. These relations have developed positively on the international stage as well as in commerce and strategic affairs. Kazakhstan has an embassy in Ankara and a consulate general in Istanbul. Turkey has an embassy in Almaty and a branch office in Astana.
History.
Turkey established diplomatic relations with Kazakhstan following the latter's independence after the dissolution of the Soviet Union. As two large nations in Eurasia and sharing the extensive cultural, historical and linguistic heritage of Turkic peoples, both nations have sought to develop closer relations and promote Turkic identity and friendship amongst other Turkic nations in the region.
Economic relations.
Turkey contributes 2 billion USD in Kazakhstan's total 50 billion USD investment volume. Turkey accounts for 1.2% of Kazakhstan’s total trade volume and has actively participated in the construction and textile industries of Kazakhstan. In 2005 trade turnover between the countries reached USD 556.8 million, showing 13.8% growth from the $500 million level in 2004, and slated to climb to USD 1 billion in trade turnover volume in 2006. Turkey hopes to expand investment in Kazakhstan's energy and telecommunications industries. Kazakhstan has increased quotas for the hiring of Turkish workers for construction projects. Kazakhstan is considering the construction of an oil refinery on the Black Sea jointly with Turkey.
Strategic cooperation.
In bolstering cooperation over energy resources, Kazakhstan has sought to assert its independence from Russia's influence. In July 2006, the People's Republic of China, Turkey, Azerbaijan and Georgia gathered in Astana to develop a transport corridor linking Central Asia with the South Caucasus and Western Europe that would increase the annual trade and cargo shipment capacity up to 30 million tons. Turkey has supported Kazakhstan's bid to join the World Trade Organization while the latter has actively supported Turkey's bid for membership in the European Union. Both nations have also sought to promote closer cooperation between Turkic nations of Central Asia.

</doc>
<doc id="20025452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025452" title="David Kagen">
David Kagen

David Kagen (born September 27, 1948) is an American film and television actor, best known for playing Sheriff Michael Garris in "".
Kagen was born and raised in Somers Point, New Jersey. He is a Carnegie-Mellon graduate and runs his own acting school, David Kagen's School of Film Acting, situated in Studio City, California. Kagen also attended the Juilliard Preparatory School where he studied piano.

</doc>
<doc id="20025454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025454" title="Kota Bharu, Perak">
Kota Bharu, Perak

Kota Bharu is a small town in Perak, Malaysia. It is a very small railway town with a police station, a community clinic and a shop, plus a few abandoned shophouses. It is approximately 7 kilometers away from the largest town of Mukim Teja, Gopeng. There is only one known single road connecting Kota Bharu to Gopeng. The Perak Matriculation College and the SBPI Gopeng are located between these two settlements. 
Kota Bharu is the birthplace of cartoonist Lat (Mohammad Nor Khalid) and politician Burhanuddin al-Helmy.

</doc>
<doc id="20025456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025456" title="Pavol Šoral">
Pavol Šoral

Pavol Šoral (18 January 1903 – 29 August 1977) was a former Slovak footballer who played for club side ŠK Slovan Bratislava.
He was the first Slovak player to represent the Czechoslovakia national football team. He played club football for Slovan and his career ended following a leg injury in 1934.

</doc>
<doc id="20025465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025465" title="Una radura">
Una radura

Una radura... is the second album by Gianna Nannini and was released in 1977.
Track listing.
All songs by Gianna Nannini except as noted.

</doc>
<doc id="20025470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025470" title="Class 36">
Class 36

Class 36 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20025475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025475" title="Mohammed Usman">
Mohammed Usman

Mohammed Usman Edu (born June 12, 1980 in Okene) is a Nigerian footballer. He plays for Kwara United F.C. of Ilorin.
Career.
Otherwise called ‘Smart', Usman hails from Okene of Okene local government area of Kogi State, he has his eyes to play professional football abroad. 
He played for Julius Berger F.C. of Lagos where he won a third place in the Coca-Cola FA Cup in the 2001/2002 season. He played than one season in 2004 for Jigawa Golden Stars and signed in February 2005 for Kwara United F.C..

</doc>
<doc id="20025479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025479" title="Anton Urban">
Anton Urban

Anton Urban (Born 16 January 1934 in Kysak, Košice, Slovakia) was a former Slovak football player who played for ŠK Slovan Bratislava. In the 1964 Summer Olympics he played for Czechoslovakia. His team yet reached the finals and won the silver medal.

</doc>
<doc id="20025482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025482" title="Robert Webber (disambiguation)">
Robert Webber (disambiguation)

Robert Webber was an American actor.
Robert Webber may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20025485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025485" title="Gejza Šimanský">
Gejza Šimanský

Club career.
Šimanský made 212 appearances and scored 85 goals in the Czechoslovakian I. liga over 18 seasons.
International career.
Šimanský made 15 appearances and scored 7 goals for the full Czechoslovakia national football team from 1947 through 1955.

</doc>
<doc id="20025492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025492" title="Sikh Phulwari">
Sikh Phulwari

Sikh Phulwari is a monthly Punjabi and Hindi magazine of the Sikh Missionary College in Ludhiana, India. The magazine aims at the revival of Sikhism and preaching the message of the Sikh Gurus. It is the largest circulating Sikh religious monthly.
History.
This magazine was started in Punjabi in August 1980. Its present circulation is approximately 46,000. The Hindi edition was started later and has a circulation of about 2500.

</doc>
<doc id="20025500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025500" title="Wayne Edwards (baseball)">
Wayne Edwards (baseball)

Wayne Maurice Edwards (born March 7, 1964 in Burbank, California) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher for the Chicago White Sox. He was drafted by the White Sox in the 10th round of the 1985 Major League Baseball Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="20025501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025501" title="Viktor Tegelhoff">
Viktor Tegelhoff

Viktor Tegelhoff (22 December 1918 – 9 September 1991) was a Slovak football player. He played for club ŠK Slovan Bratislava.

</doc>
<doc id="20025514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025514" title="Femi Babatunde">
Femi Babatunde

Femi Babatunde Ijanikin (born December 13, 1986 in Ilorin) is a Nigerian football player currently with Kwara United F.C. of Ilorin.
Career.
Hails from Ilorin of Ilorin-West local government area of Kwara State, he is otherwise called “Biroro”, his only hobby is to play football. 
He got into the senior team of Kwara United F.C. in 2005 from the club's youth side, this makes for his debut in the Premier league.

</doc>
<doc id="20025516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025516" title="List of Knight's Cross recipients 17th SS Panzer Grenadier Division Götz von Berlichingen">
List of Knight's Cross recipients 17th SS Panzer Grenadier Division Götz von Berlichingen

The 17th SS Panzer Grenadier Division "Götz von Berlichingen". was a German Waffen-SS mechanised infantry division which saw action on the Western Front during World War II.
The Division was raised near Poitiers, France in October 1943. It was formed from scratch, with the majority of its original cadre coming from replacement units and conscripts, many of Romanian extraction. The division was granted the honour-title "Götz von Berlichingen". The name referred to the 15th century German knight who had, after losing his right hand in battle, worn an iron prosthetic hand. In keeping with this, the division's emblem was a clenched iron fist.
The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross and its higher grades were based on four separate enactments. The first enactment "Reichsgesetzblatt I S. 1573" of September 1, 1939 instituted the Iron Cross and the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. As the war progressed some of the recipients distinguished themselves further and a higher grade, the Oak Leaves to Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was instituted. The Oak Leaves, as they were commonly referred to, were based on the enactment "Reichsgesetzblatt I S. 849" of June 3, 1940. In 1941 two higher grades of the Knight's Cross were instituted. The enactment "Reichsgesetzblatt I S. 613" of September 28, 1941 introduced the Knight’s Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves and Swords and the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves, Swords and Diamonds. At the end of 1944 the last and final grade, the Knight's Cross with Golden Oak Leaves, Swords, and Diamonds, based on the enactment "Reichsgesetzblatt 1945 I S. 11" of December 29, 1944 concluded the variants of the Knight's Cross.
Prerequisites.
To qualify for the Knight's Cross, a soldier had to already hold the 1939 Iron Cross First Class, though the Iron Cross I Class was awarded concurrently with the Knight's Cross in rare cases.
Unit commanders could also be awarded the medal for exemplary conduct by the unit as a whole.
Grades.
The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was divided into five grades, excluding the Grand Cross of the Iron Cross:

</doc>
<doc id="20025523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025523" title="Ján Hucko">
Ján Hucko

Ján Hucko (born 11 May 1932) was a Slovak football player and coach. He coached for FC Spartak Trnava and ŠK Slovan Bratislava.

</doc>
<doc id="20025536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025536" title="Jozef Jankech">
Jozef Jankech

Jozef Jankech is a Slovak football coach. He was the second manager of the Slovak national team.
Playing career.
Jankech began with football in his native town Šaľa. He played for Šaľa since 10 years. Later he left for Uherské Hradiště, then played for TTS Trenčín and he ended career in TŽ Třinec as 29 years old. He started training in TŽ Třinec. His playing career was not so successful than managing career.
Managing career.
Jankech was one of the few Slovak football globetrotters. He trained in foreign several exotic teams such as Kuala Lumpur, Qatar Sports Club or twice in national team of Maldives. Jankech starting his managerial career as ending player in Czech team TŽ Třinec. Then followed stage in Košice where he trained at first VSS Košice and then Lokomotíva Košice. In 1980 coming the first foreign job in Cyprian team Nea Salamina Larnaka. Jankech also trained Czechoslovakia olympic team. Meanwhile he was coach in TTS Trenčín. 
On July 4, 1995 he became the second Slovak football trainer after Jozef Vengloš. Jankech completed two qualification's cycles, first at EURO 96 and second at World Cup 98. He achieved several very good results against strong opponents such as victories over Czech Republic, Poland and Croatia at the friendly match and draws against France and Yugoslavia. He failed to progress at the championship.
Jankech won SAFF Championship in 2008 with Maldives. It was the best success of Maldivian national team in history.
On December 2008, Jankech moved to Dukla Banská Bystrica.
Honour.
He was also a part in a Czech online football manager BREJK, where he was a pro bono 100% (best in game) couch for 15 days for a winner of brejktip, quiz in that manager. He was there nicknamed as Jozef Hlavatý.
picture from game
Honours.
Lokomotíva Košice
Maldives

</doc>
<doc id="20025539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025539" title="WLGN">
WLGN

WLGN (1510 AM) is a radio station broadcasting an oldies format. Licensed to Logan, Ohio, USA. The station is currently owned by Wlgn, LLC and features programing from the True Oldies Channel.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="20025544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025544" title="Leopold Šťastný">
Leopold Šťastný

Leopold "Jim" Šťastný (23 May 191114 May 1996) was a Slovak football player and coach. He played and coached for ŠK Slovan Bratislava.

</doc>
<doc id="20025559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025559" title="Jalan Kota Baharu">
Jalan Kota Baharu

Jalan Kota Baharu (Perak state route ) is a major road in Perak, Malaysia.

</doc>
<doc id="20025561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025561" title="Karl Meyer">
Karl Meyer

Karl Meyer may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20025563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025563" title="Anton Bulla">
Anton Bulla

Anton Bulla (17 April 1901 – 9 December 1987) was a former Slovak footballer and coach.
Career.
Bulla played club football for ČsŠK Bratislava, turning professional in 1928. After he retired from playing, Bulla became a manager, leading his former club ŠK Slovan Bratislava in 1953.

</doc>
<doc id="20025593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025593" title="Browning 22 Semi-Auto rifle">
Browning 22 Semi-Auto rifle

The Browning 22 Semi-Auto rifle, also known as the Semi Automatic 22 or SA-22, is a takedown rifle produced by FN Herstal based on a John Browning patent. The rifle is currently produced by Browning as the Semi-Auto 22. Production began in 1914 and continued through 1974 in Belgium and production continued in 1976 in Japan by Miroku. It was first exported by FN for the American market in 1956. A close copy made by the Chinese company Norinco was formerly imported into the US by Interarms as the Model ATD. Remington manufactured a lighter weight version under license from 1919-1935 as the Remington Model 24 and then replaced it with the Model 241 Remington 241 in 1935. Except for the barrel locking mechanism the Remington Model 241 is very similar to the Browning SA-22.
The SA-22 was the first production semiautomatic .22 rifle, and is regarded as a classic firearm. It has been offered in several "grades" of engraving and gold inlay, and is a widely collected gun, especially those manufactured in Belgium.
The Semi-auto .22 is a made from blued steel and walnut, and ejects spent cases downward. This feature was intended by the designer to keep the user's face "protected from gasses and flying particles while firing", at which it succeeds, but also allows the sizzling hot empty case to eject down one's left shirt sleeve, which is memorable, to say the least. The lack of a side-mounted ejection port also leaves a large "canvas" for engraving. Factory engraving was done by hand at FN Herstal, and is done by laser engraving with hand finishing at Miroku. It has occasionally been sold with a factory fitted hard case, or with scope mounting grooves on the receiver.
Over half a million SA-22 rifles have been sold since 1914.

</doc>
<doc id="20025596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025596" title="LNWR Whale Experiment Class">
LNWR Whale Experiment Class

The London and North Western Railway (LNWR) Experiment Class of was a class of 4-6-0 steam locomotive designed by George Whale.
They were an extended version of the Whale's Precursor Class 4-4-0, with slightly smaller driving wheels. The first of the class, 66 "Experiment" was built in 1905 and a total of 105 were constructed up until 1910. The LNWR reused numbers and names of withdrawn locomotives, with the result that the numbering system was completely haphazard. A 19in Express Goods Class with smaller driving wheels was also built from 1906. From 1911, a superheated version, the Prince of Wales Class was built.
In 1915, 1361 "Prospero" was experimentally rebuilt with four cylinders, Dendy Marshall valve gear and superheated. The conversion was not repeated. Only two other engines were given superheaters; 2624 "Saracen" and 1993 (LMS 5472) "Richard Moon".
All entered London, Midland and Scottish Railway (LMS) stock upon grouping in 1923. The LMS gave them the power classification 3P. The LMS renumbered them into a more logical series of 5450–5553 according to date of construction. An exception was made for 1361 "Prospero" which became 5554. Not all however survived long enough to receive their LMS numbers — withdrawals had started in 1925. In 1934 the thirteen then remaining were renumbered with the addition of 20000 to their numbers make room for Black Five, Patriot and Jubilee class locomotives. The final engine was withdrawn the following year and none was preserved.
Brackets indicate numbers allocated by the LMS but not carried by the locomotive.

</doc>
<doc id="20025604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025604" title="Economy of Salvador, Bahia">
Economy of Salvador, Bahia

The economy of Salvador, Bahia is the 8th largest regional economy in Brazil. 
History.
The city's port has always played a key role in the local and regional economy. During much of the Portuguese colonial period it was Brazil's principal port, exporting sugar, cacao, and tobacco and receiving tens of thousands Portuguese immigrants and African slaves.
The port and city still play a critical role in the economy of Northeastern Brazil, providing commercial services for a vast region and exporting cocoa, sisal, soybeans, and petrochemical products. Local industries include fishing, oil and gas extraction, cigar manufacture, a petrochemical complex at Camaçari, an oil refinery, and tourism. The Centro Industrial de Aratu, a planned industrial park, occupies a vast area around the Bay of Aratu and is home to over 100 industrial firms.

</doc>
<doc id="20025633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025633" title="Austria–Hungary relations">
Austria–Hungary relations

Austria–Hungary relations are the neighborly relations between Austria and Hungary, two member states of the European Union. Both countries have a long common history since the ruling dynasty of Austria, the Habsburgs, inherited the Hungarian throne in the 16th century. Both have been part of the now-defunct Austro-Hungarian Monarchy from 1867 to 1918. The two countries established diplomatic relations in 1921, after their separation.
Both countries are full members of the European Union. They share a border, which can be crossed anywhere without control, because of the Schengen Agreement.
Before World War II.
In the last decades of the Dual Monarchy, Austria and Hungary developed quite differently. In Hungary, the Magyar aristocracy and bourgeoisie tried to "Magyarize" the other nations of the multi-national kingdom within forty years: education was offered in Hungarian only, and place names and all official documents had to be written in Hungarian as well. In multi-national Austria, on the contrary, the Basic Law of the State () of 1867 declared all nations of Imperial Austria equal, and the Germans as the leading nation did not try to "Germanize" the others. In the Kingdom of Hungary, voting rights were kept to the upper classes, while in Austria universal, equal and direct voting of all men was established in 1907.
Before World War I, many aristocratic Hungarian families (such as Esterházy, Batthyany and Pálffy) had their own palaces in Vienna, where their king (the Emperor of Austria) resided. Some of them still own these premises today.
Politicians and generals of both leading nations, Austrian Germans and Magyar Hungarians, were responsible for the disastrous foreign policy of the Monarchy that lead towards World War I. Thence these two were treated as defeated enemies after World War I by the Allies of World War I. Both shared the experience of seeing millions of nationals having to live in other countries: the Austrians were not allowed to integrate the Germans of Bohemia and Moravia into their republic, the Hungarians had to leave the Magyars of Transylvania to Romania and those north of the Danube to Czechoslovakia (today Slovakia).
According to the Treaty of Versailles, 1919 and the Treaty of Trianon, 1920, Hungary had to cede its westernmost part, called , to Austria, since these districts were inhabited by Germans for centuries. (now ) would have been the natural capital of the new Austrian State of Burgenland. Hungary did not agree to relinquish this city, so the Allied powers ordered a referendum, which the Hungarians won. Although many Austrians considered the polls to be irregular, the decision was treated as definitive. The area called Burgenland by the Austrians was handed over to Austria in the autumn of 1921. Even today, Hungarian may be used as an official language in some communities of Burgenland. Hungarian aristocracts like the Esterházys and Batthyanys kept their vast estates in Austria, even after their Hungarian estates were expropriated in 1945.
After World War II.
Political development of Hungary and Czechoslovakia towards communist regimes after 1945 made Austrian politicians extremely cautious in their relations with the Communist Party of Austria, even though it did not get much support at the elections. The Iron Curtain made Hungarians and Austrians living near the border feel the division of Europe quite personally.
During the Hungarian Revolution of 1956, Austrians hoped Imre Nagy, Pál Maléter and the thousands of revolutionaries would succeed. When the Red Army intervened, the Austrian neutrality policy, adopted in 1955, did not stop the government deploying the army ("Bundesheer") at the eastern border with the order to shoot any foreign soldier entering Austria. Tens of thousands of Hungarian refugees found their way into Austria by the bridge at Andau and other ways. (In 1957, U.S. writer James Michener published his novel "The Bridge at Andau".) The refugees were received in Austria with great sympathy.
The most prominent refugee was Archbishop Cardinal József Mindszenty, the Primate of Hungary. Liberated from imprisonment during the revolution, he lived at the American Embassy in Budapest until 1971, when he agreed to leave Hungary. He then travelled to Vienna under U.S. protection and lived at the "Pazmaneum", a seminary for Hungarian priests, until his death in 1975. In 1991 his remains were reburied at the cathedral in Esztergom in Hungary.
Another refugee of 1956 was Prince Pál Esterházy. Expropriated in Hungary, he lived from his vast estate in Burgenland (which as of 2013 belongs to his widow Melinda Esterhazy). But as Burgenland seemed too close to communist Hungary for him, he preferred to reside in Zurich with his wife.
During the 1970s, János Kádár reduced the oppression by the communist dictatorship and practiced politics called "Gulyás Communism". Bruno Kreisky was head of government in Austria, and official relations between Hungary and Austria thawed. Commentators, referring to the names of the two politicians, spoke of a new "K & K era". In the 1980s, both countries discussed plans were to hold a joint world exhibition ("Expo 1996") in Vienna and Budapest; a negative referendum on the issue, held in Vienna, killed the plan.
The Hungarian government decided to tear down the Iron Curtain at the border with Austria, and on 27 June 1989 they staged a "tear-down action" together with Austria, at which foreign ministers Alois Mock and Gyula Horn cut through barbed wire with pliers in the presence of news photographers and reporters from around the world. The photographs, published worldwide, prompted many East Germans vacationing in Hungary to move to West Germany via Hungary and Austria immediately. Hungarian sources later commented that at the time of this photo opportunity most of the Iron Curtain had already been demolished.
Relations today.
Both countries are members of the European Union, and since the end of 2007 the Schengen Agreement has allowed citizens to cross the border without control wherever there is a right of way. Austrian entrepreneurs have set up or bought banks, factories and shops in Hungary, vintners from Burgenland make wine in Hungary, and Austrian farmers have bought or leased Hungarian farmland.
Austrians living in the east of the country know that dentists in Hungary sometimes work much more cheaply than in Austria and visit dentists there, for example in Sopron and in Mosonmagyaróvár. Hungarian artisans are called to Austria for repair work and other household jobs.
In the mid 2000s the gasoline company OMV, which is partly owned by the Austrian state, tried to obtain influence over the Hungarian gasoline company MOL Group by buying its shares, with the goal of merging the two companies. Hungarian public opinion and the Hungarian government were largely against this movement, and a law was passed to obstruct it. On 16 June 2008 the European Commission stated that because OMV was already the biggest player in the oil and gas markets in central Europe, a merger with MOL would seriously hamper competition in the region. In early 2009 OMV, seeing no chance to realize its plan, sold its MOL shares to a Russian energy company and announced to plan investments in other countries.
Factories in Burgenland heavily pollute the / river that flows from Austria into Hungary. As the problems could not be solved at the local or regional level, the Hungarian government is now consulting the Austrian government towards the earlies possible remedy.
In 2009, both countries remembered the bicentennary of composer Joseph Haydn's death. Haydn, born in Lower Austria, died in Vienna, but had lived and worked for the Esterházy princes for 30 years in western Hungary, part of which is now the Austrian Burgenland.
Győr–Sopron–Ebenfurth Railway.
This railway company with headquarter in Sopron is a joint enterprise of the states of Hungary (66.5%), Austria (28.6%) and a holding belonging to ÖBB Austrian Federal Railways (4.9%), which is due to sell its shares to the Strabag building company if the European Commission agrees. In Hungarian it is called (GySEV), in German it was called (ROeEE) until 2008 and is now called .
The company maintains the following railway lines:
The main line of the company was licensed to a private company by the Hungarian government in 1872. The Györ−Sopron line opened to traffic around 1876. The "Neusiedler Seebahn" was opened in 1897. Traffic between the two countries continued even during the dissolution of Austria-Hungary, World War II, and the Cold War after it.
Beginning in the 1980s, the company got more business, especially in freight. A new freight terminal in Sopron was constructed. In 1987, the main line was electrified.
Diplomatic representation.
Austria has an embassy in Budapest and six consulates (in Pécs, Nyíregyháza, Szombathely, Székesfehérvár, Szeged and Veszprém). Hungary has an embassy in Vienna and eight consulates (in Bregenz, Graz, Horitschon, Innsbruck, Klagenfurt, Linz, Maria Enzersdorf and Salzburg).

</doc>
<doc id="20025634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025634" title="Harry Payne">
Harry Payne

Harry Payne may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20025646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025646" title="Gouverneur Morris Jr.">
Gouverneur Morris Jr.

Gouverneur Morris Jr. (1813-1883) was the son of a founding father of the United States, Gouverneur Morris, and of Anne Cary ("Nancy") Randolph. He married Martha Jefferson Cary, daughter of Wilson Jefferson Cary, and Virginia Randolph Cary. 
Morris was one of the major entrepreneurs of the 19th century Bronx. As Vice President of the New York and Harlem River Railroad, he built the railroad now running along Park Avenue in New York City. In 1840, he donated the St. Ann's Church Complex as a memorial. He promoted Port Morris as a commercial port, and donated land to skilled workers in 1848, to create an ideal workingman’s village if it were called Morrisania. That is today’s Morrisania neighborhood. He spent much of the later part of his career in Vermont, as president of the Vermont Valley Railroad. 
He wasn't as active in politics as his famous father, but he was a founder of the Republican Party and attended its opening convention in 1854.

</doc>
<doc id="20025678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025678" title="Fred Payne">
Fred Payne

Fred Payne may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20025684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025684" title="Shell Professor of Chemical Engineering">
Shell Professor of Chemical Engineering

The Shell Professors of Chemical Engineering is a professorship at the Department of Chemical Engineering and Biotechnology at the University of Cambridge. It was created in 1945 after a £450,000 donation was made by Shell for the purpose of creating a dedicated chemical engineering department, with Terence Fox serving as the first professor.

</doc>
<doc id="20025685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025685" title="Project Big Ben">
Project Big Ben

"Big Ben" was the World War II code name for the British project to reconstruct and evaluate captured German missiles such as the V-2 rocket. On July 31, 1944, after the UK agreed to exchange Supermarine Spitfires for the wreckage of a V-2 in Sweden during World War II, experts at Farnborough began an attempt to reconstruct the missile. 
In late July, 1944, Operation Most III the Polish resistance movement ("Armia Krajowa") succeeded in capturing an intact V2 rocket near the Pustkow Testing Center. It had been launched for a test flight, falled but didn't explode. It was then retrieved still intact from the Bug River, and was transferred secretly to London.

</doc>
<doc id="20025686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025686" title="A Night with the Jersey Devil">
A Night with the Jersey Devil

A Night With The Jersey Devil is a song by the American rock singer-songwriter Bruce Springsteen.
The song was released as a download-only single, accompanied by a video, on October 31, 2008 as a "Halloween treat" on the artist's website. This release featured a handwritten note by Springsteen:
The video is included the deluxe edition DVD of his Working on a Dream album, which is currently the only official physical release of the song. It is a blues tune with bullet mic vocals, including portions of the Gene Vincent 1958 song "Baby Blue" (specifically, one verse - featured here as the last verse), and therefore Springsteen shares the song's writing credits with the two co-writers of "Baby Blue", Robert Jones and Gene Vincent.
Springsteen's lyrics tell the story of a legendary creature known as the "Jersey Devil"; in 1735 a woman called "Mother Leeds" gave birth to her 13th child, who metamorphosed into an evil creature with bat wings, forked feet and a horse's head; because of this, his parents threw him in a river where he drowned and now haunts Pine Barrens in New Jersey.
The song was released on 7" vinyl along with "What Love Can Do" on April 18, 2009 as part of the Record Store Day promotion.

</doc>
<doc id="20025688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025688" title="Bulgaria–Hungary relations">
Bulgaria–Hungary relations

Bulgaria–Hungary relations are foreign relations between Bulgaria and Hungary. Both independent countries have had diplomatic relations since 1920. They were on the same side during World War I. Bulgaria has an embassy in Budapest. Hungary has an embassy in Sofia and an honorary consulate in Varna. 
Both countries are full members of NATO and of the European Union.

</doc>
<doc id="20025704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025704" title="Bachelor of Library Science">
Bachelor of Library Science

The bachelor of library science (or “bachelor of library and information science”) is a degree sometimes awarded to students majoring in library science. It is commonly abbreviated as “B.L.S.”, “B.Lib.”, or “B.L.I.S.”, often with the periods omitted (“BLS”, “BLib”, or “BLIS”).
Indian system.
As per the Indian education system, a Bachelor of Library Science degree is awarded after one year of study, divided into two semesters. The number of semesters may vary between institutions. The award can be abbreviated to B.Lib., B.Lib.Sc. or B.L.I.Sc (for 'Bachelor of Library and Information Science').
Eligibility for B.Lib..
Bachelors in any stream from a recognised University or College.

</doc>
<doc id="20025755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025755" title="Edi Gathegi">
Edi Gathegi

Edi Mue Gathegi (born March 10, 1979) is a Kenyan-American film, stage and television actor. He appeared as recurring character Dr. Jeffrey Cole (aka "Big Love") in the television series "House", as Cheese in the 2007 film "Gone Baby Gone" and as Laurent in the films "Twilight", its sequel ' and Darwin in '.
Early life.
Born in Eastlands, Nairobi, Kenya, Gathegi grew up in Albany, California. As an undeclared undergraduate at the University of California, Santa Barbara, he was more interested in playing basketball and was good at it, until he injured his knee; this plunged him into depression, so he took up an acting class as an "easy course". This is how he discovered his love for acting. Afterwards, studied at New York University's Graduate Acting Program at the Tisch School of the Arts, graduating in 2005. Gathegi's career began in theatre, and his stage credits include "Two Trains Running" at the Old Globe Theatre, "As You Like It", "Twelfth Night", "Othello", "A Midsummer Night's Dream", and "Cyrano de Bergerac", among others.
Career.
Gathegi's first professional role was the Haitian Cabbie in the 2006 film "Crank". Though he had originally auditioned for the role of Kaylo, the producers gave the role to Efren Ramirez and instead offered Gathegi an appearance as the Haitian Cabbie. He was dubious at first about performing a Haitian accent, but was coached by a Haitian friend. In 2007, after guest-starring on "Lincoln Heights" and "Veronica Mars", Gathegi went on to star as Bodie in "Death Sentence", Darudi in "The Fifth Patient" and Cheese in "Gone Baby Gone". He later had a recurring role as Mormon intern Dr. Jeffrey Cole on the television medical drama "House", his character was often mocked for his religious beliefs by Dr. House, who himself is an Atheist. He also guest-starred on ', ' and "Life on Mars" in 2008 before being cast as Laurent in "Twilight". When Gathegi first auditioned for the 2008 film, adapted from the same-titled first book in Stephenie Meyer's Twilight series, he had not heard of the series and was not aware that his character was a vampire. He now has read the whole series and calls himself a hardcore fan.
He will play A-Guy in "Son of Magnet".
He portrays Eddie Willers in "Atlas Shrugged" (2011), based on Ayn Rand's novel of the same name.
Awards and nominations.
Ovation Awards

</doc>
<doc id="20025759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025759" title="WKNA">
WKNA

WKNA (98.3 FM), formerly WLGN-FM, is a radio station licensed to Logan, Ohio, USA and broadcasts an adult hits format. Like its sister station, WLGN which broadcasts an oldies format, the station is owned by WLGN, LLC.

</doc>
<doc id="20025763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025763" title="WKTL">
WKTL

WKTL (90.7 FM) is a non-commercial radio station broadcasting a Variety format from Struthers High School. Licensed to Struthers, Ohio, USA, the station serves the Youngstown-Warren area. The station is currently owned by Board of Education Struthers Ohio City Schools and the broadcast studio is located inside the Struthers Fieldhouse.
Outside of local nationality programming on Saturdays, WKTL's programming is provided by Akron Public Schools-owned WAPS 91.3 FM "The Summit" in Akron, which airs an adult album alternative (AAA) music format.
History.
WKTL began broadcasting on September 13, 1965. and the station's website claims it was the first all student-staffed radio station in the country.
The station was conceived by Struthers High School speech instructor Stephen J. Gercevich, a former radio announcer, to "provide a unique laboratory to put classroom techniques to use".
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="20025766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025766" title="Oxon Hill Manor">
Oxon Hill Manor

Oxon Hill Manor is a neo-Georgian house of 49 rooms, located at Oxon Hill, Prince George's County, Maryland. It was designed in 1928 for Sumner Welles (1892-1961) by the Washington architect, Jules Henri de Sibour (1872-1938). It was built in 1929, and consists of a two-story main block of Flemish bond brick and a northern wing. Also on the property are two outbuildings contemporary with the house; a five-car garage and attached manager's quarters and greenhouse, and a stable. There are also formal gardens on the grounds.
History.
The Oxon Hill Manor property has a strong historical association. The colonial-era Addison family, active in the development of Prince George's county and in colonial government, built a mansion on the property in 1711. In 1778, Thomas Hawkins Hanson, nephew of John Hanson, acquired the property. John Hanson died at Oxon Hill Manor on November 22, 1783, and may have been buried on the property. Walter Dulaney Addison who was for a time Chaplain of the Senate lived here and conducted a school here. 
After a period of ownership by the Berry family, in 1895, the original Oxon Hill Manor burned. In 1927, the property was bought by Sumner Welles, U.S. Undersecretary of State, who built the present manor house. Franklin D. Roosevelt and possibly Sir Winston Churchill were guests there. It was later the home of Fred Maloof, a wealthy oilman, timberland owner, and art collector who established a museum for fine art and John Hanson memorabilia, before the property came under the control of the Maryland-National Capital Park and Planning Commission.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="20025772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025772" title="John Keith">
John Keith

John Keith may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20025789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025789" title="Harald G. Petersson">
Harald G. Petersson

Harald G. Petersson (16 October 1904 – 8 July 1977) was a German screenwriter. He wrote for 36 films between 1934 and 1967.
He was born in Weimar, Germany and died in Berlin, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="20025797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025797" title="Croatia–Hungary relations">
Croatia–Hungary relations

Croatia–Hungary relations are foreign relations between Croatia and Hungary, two neighbouring countries in Central Europe. Croatia has an embassy in Budapest and consulates in Pécs and Nagykanizsa; Hungary has an embassy in Zagreb and consulates in Rijeka and Split. Croatian and Hungarian high-ranking officials (including heads of state, prime ministers and foreign ministers) meet several times a year. Trade between Croatia and Hungary amounted to €625,083  in 2009, largely consisting of Hungarian exports to Croatia. Hungarian investments in Croatia have also risen sharply since 2003. Hungarian tourists contribute significantly to Croatian tourism; in 2009, a total of 323,000 visited Croatia. Both countries coordinate the development of cross-border infrastructure. Pan-European corridors Vb and Vc connect Budapest to the Adriatic Sea via Zagreb and Osijek, respectively. Both countries have sizable minorities living across their common border, and both have passed laws to protect their minority rights. Croatia and Hungary are parties to 96 bilateral treaties and members of a number of multinational organizations, including NATO, the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe, and the European Union.
In 1102 the previously-independent Kingdom of Croatia and Kingdom of Hungary was ruled by Ladislaus I, uniting the two. Following the Ottoman conquests and a disastrous defeat at the Battle of Mohács in 1527, Croatian nobility elected the Ferdinand I as the new king of Croatia. The Hungarian nobility was divided but the Habsburgs annexed the Kingdom of Hungary, keeping Croatia and Hungary under a single crown. During the Hungarian Revolution of 1848 Croatia sided with the Austrians, Ban Josip Jelačić helping to defeat the Hungarian forces in 1849 and ushering in a period of Germanization. By the 1860s the failure of this policy became apparent, leading to the Austro-Hungarian Compromise of 1867 and the creation of a personal union between the crowns of the Austrian Empire and the Kingdom of Hungary. The issue of Croatia's status in Hungary was resolved by the Croatian–Hungarian Settlement of 1868, when the kingdoms of Croatia and Slavonia were united. Following the defeat of Austria-Hungary in World War I the Parliament of Croatia declared independence and decided to join the newly formed State of Slovenes, Croats and Serbs, ending Habsburg rule and the personal union with Hungary (after 816 years) on 29 October 1918. Through the Treaty of Trianon, Hungary lost Međimurje and the southern part of Baranya. Since World War II, relations have been defined by cooperation (and confrontation) with the Soviets and Yugoslavia until the revolutions of 1989 and the breakup of Yugoslavia. Hungary recognised Croatian independence with the rest of the European Economic Community, and supported Croatia during the Croatian War of Independence and its efforts to join NATO and the EU.
Present.
Diplomatic relations.
Croatia and Hungary established diplomatic relations on 16 and 18 January 1992, after Hungary recognised the independence of Croatia on 15 January 1992. As of December 2011 Croatia maintains an embassy in Budapest (headed by ambassador Ivan Band|aić), a consulate general in Pécs and a consulate in Nagykanizsa. The Nagykanizsa consulate is led by an honorary consul. Hungary maintains an embassy in Zagreb and consulates in Rijeka and Split. The embassy is headed by ambassador Gábor Iván; the offices also include an army and air attaché office in the Republic of Croatia (headed by László Hajas) and the Office for Economic Affairs of the Embassy of the Republic of Hungary in the Republic of Croatia (headed by András Péter Závoczky, Counsellor for Economy and Trade).
Croatian and Hungarian high-ranking officials (including heads of state, prime ministers and foreign ministers) meet several times a year. In addition, Croatian and Hungarian governments have occasionally held joint sessions since January 2006.
Economy and infrastructure.
Trade between Croatia and Hungary amounted to €625,083 in 2009, a decrease from €894,270 in 2008. In 2009 Croatian exports to Hungary reached €132,474, while Hungarian exports to Croatia were worth €492,609. Overall, the 2009 trade volume represented 2.75 percent of total Croatian foreign trade. Croatian–Hungarian trade comprises only a small fraction of total Hungarian foreign trade, reaching 0.54 percent of the total in 2009. Hungarian investments in Croatia rose sharply in 2003, reaching the fourth ranking in that year following investments exceeding USD630 million, largely in tourism and manufacturing. The largest single investment that year was the purchase of more than 25 percent of the stock of INA for USD500 million by the MOL Group. By 2011, the MOL Group increased its stake in INA to 47.16 percent.
Hungarian tourists contribute significantly to the Croatian tourist industry; in 2009, a total of 323,000 Hungarians visited Croatia as tourists. A total of 1.644 million overnight stays were made by Hungarian tourists in that year alone, ranking Hungarian tourists seventh in the number of nights spent in Croatia (behind the Germans, Slovenes, Italians, Austrians, Czechs and Dutch). At the same time, the Hungarian tourists spent more than 143 million kuna ( €19 million) in Croatia, representing a sharp increase from 69.5 million kuna ( €9.3 million) spent in 2008. In 2009, 103,000 Croatians visited Hungary (excluding family and friend visits) in 356,000 overnight stays, spending 204,000 kuna ( €27,000). This spending represented a 250-percent increase from 2008.
Croatia and Hungary coordinate the development of infrastructure, especially transportation routes. Pan-European corridors Vb and Vc connect Budapest to the Adriatic Sea via Zagreb and Rijeka (Vb) and to Osijek and Ploče (Vc). The Pan-European corridor Vb comprises road and rail links between the Hungarian and Croatian capitals and the Port of Rijeka. The corridor's road component primarily consists of the M7, the A4 and the A6 motorways (as well as several other connecting motorway sections) completed on 22 October 2008. The rail component of the corridor largely uses the route completed in 1873, but it is planned to be rebuilt to increase its capacity. The Pan-European corridor Vc primarily consists of the M6 and the A5 motorways; however, as of December 2011 the motorway is not completed. Other infrastructure jointly developed by Croatia and Hungary includes a €395 million gas pipeline and two electric-power lines. On the border between Croatia and Hungary there are six international-road border crossings, three rail border crossings and five local-traffic border crossings. Citizens of Croatia and Hungary may cross the border with a valid passport or an identity card for stays of up to 90 days.
Minorities and migrations.
According to the 2001 census there are 16,595 Hungarians living in Croatia, representing 0.37 percent of the population. In 2000, there were 15,597 Croats living in Hungary, accounting for 0.15 percent of the total population. The Hungarian minority in Croatia is recognised by the Constitution of Croatia; minority rights (including official use of Hungarian by local governments and education in Hungarian) are safeguarded by legislation enacted by the Sabor. Seven municipalities in Croatia introduced Hungarian for official use (either in part of their territory or the entire municipality), depending on the distribution of the Hungarian population there. There are five Hungarian minority organizations in Croatia, and the Hungarian minority is guaranteed one seat in the Parliament of Croatia.
The Hungarian government recognised Croats as a minority native to Hungary; it has decided to implement the optional regulations of the European Charter for Regional or Minority Languages with respect to the Croatian language and establish a minority self-government for the Croatian minority in Hungary, guaranteeing cultural autonomy. The Croatian minority set up 127 local and 7 county self-governments in Hungary. There are concerns that Croatian minority rights in Hungary are being diminished, but the president of Croatia has assessed that both Croatian and Hungarian minority policies were appropriate. The Croatian minority in Hungary is particularly active in Pécs, where the Scientific Institute of Croats in Hungary and the Croatian Theatre have been established.
The number of migrants between Croatia and Hungary is very low; in 2009, only 22 people emigrated from Hungary to Croatia while a single person emigrated from Croatia to Hungary.
Cultural and scientific cooperation.
Croatia and Hungary have agreed to the Cultural Cooperation Programme, which defines cooperation and cultural exchange in the fields of music, theatre and dance, and with respect to the arts, museums, galleries, literature, publishing, libraries, archives, film and cultural-heritage protection. The programme was agreed to on 7 November 2011 in Budapest by secretaries of the Croatian Ministry of Culture and the Hungarian Ministry of National Resources. The programme pertains to the 2012–2014 period and represents a continuation of cultural cooperation through cultural exchange, outside the framework of formal agreements. Cultural, educational and scientific cooperation between the two countries is covered by a treaty of 16 March 1994, with additional treaties regulating diploma recognitions since 16 June 1997 and additional treaties and protocols on scientific and technological cooperation signed in 2002 and 2009. The scientific and educational cooperation entails the awarding of scholarships and bilateral research projects.
Bilateral treaties and multinational organizations.
Croatia and Hungary have either signed or succeeded 133 different treaties and other agreements. Some were originally signed by Hungary and SFR Yugoslavia, while Croatia succeeded relevant documents pursuant to decisions of the Badinter Arbitration Committee. 
Croatia and Hungary are members of several multinational organizations, including the United Nations, the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe, the Council of Europe, NATO, the World Trade Organization and the Central European Initiative. In addition, Hungary is a member of the European Union (EU). On 9 December 2011, Croatia signed an EU accession treaty and is expected to become a member on 1 July 2013. Both countries are also taking part in the formulation and implementation of the Danube Strategy, focusing on transport, environmental and economic development of the Danube area and involving all countries along its banks.
History.
Personal union.
When Stjepan II died in 1091, ending the Trpimirović dynasty rule in the medieval kingdom of Croatia, Ladislaus I of Hungary claimed the Croatian crown. Opposition to the claim led to a war and the personal union of Croatia and Hungary in 1102, ruled by Coloman. For the next four centuries, Croatia was ruled by the Sabor (parliament) and a Ban of Croatia (viceroy) appointed by the king. This period saw an increasing threat of Ottoman conquest and a struggle against the Republic of Venice for control of coastal areas. The Venetians gained control over most of Dalmatia by 1428 except for the city-state of Dubrovnik, which became independent. Ottoman conquests led to the 1493 Battle of Krbava Field and the 1526 Battle of Mohács, both ending in decisive Ottoman victories against Hungarian and Croatian armies. King Louis II died at Mohács; in 1527, the assembly of Croatian nobility meeting at Cetin chose Ferdinand I of the House of Habsburg as the new ruler of Croatia under the conditions that he provide protection to Croatia against the Ottoman Empire and respect its political rights. In political disarray, the divided Hungarian nobility elected two kings simultaneously: János Szapolyai and Ferdinand I. With the conquest of Buda by the Ottomans in 1541, the remaining part of Hungary not ruled by the Ottomans (known as the Royal Hungary) was annexed by the Habsburgs; they ruled as Kings of Hungary, thus keeping the kingdoms of Hungary and Croatia under a single crown.
Habsburg rule.
During the 1830s and 1840s romantic nationalism appeared in Croatia, inspiring the Croatian National Revival (a political and cultural campaign advocating the unity of all South Slavs in the empire). Its primary focus was the establishment of a standard language as a counterweight to Hungarian and the promotion of Croatian literature and culture. During the Hungarian Revolution of 1848, Croatia sided with the Austrians; Ban Josip Jelačić helped defeat the Hungarian forces in 1849, ushering in a period of Germanization. By the 1860s the policy's failure became apparent, leading to the Austro-Hungarian Compromise of 1867 and the creation of a personal union between the crowns of the Austrian Empire and the Kingdom of Hungary. The treaty left the issue of Croatia's status to Hungary; this was resolved by the Croatian–Hungarian Settlement of 1868, when the kingdoms of Croatia and Slavonia were united. The Kingdom of Dalmatia remained under "de facto" Austrian control, while Rijeka retained its status of "Corpus separatum" introduced in 1779. After Austria-Hungary occupied Bosnia and Herzegovina following the 1878 Treaty of Berlin, the Croatian Military Frontier was abolished and the territory returned to Croatia in 1881. Renewed efforts to reform Austria-Hungary, entailing federalisation with Croatia as a federal unit, were halted by World War I. On 29 October 1918 the Croatian Sabor declared independence and decided to join the newly formed State of Slovenes, Croats and Serbs, ending Habsburg rule and the personal union with Hungary after 816 years.
Treaty of Trianon and World War II.
The Treaty of Trianon was signed in 1920, at the end of World War I, between the Allies of World War I and Hungary (as one of the successor states of Austria-Hungary). The treaty regulated the status of the independent Hungarian state and defined its borders. Compared to the prewar Kingdom of Hungary (as a part of Austria-Hungary), post-Trianon Hungary lost 72 percent of its territory. The principal beneficiaries of the territorial division of the prewar Kingdom of Hungary were Romania, Czechoslovakia and the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes. The treaty established the southern border of Hungary along the Drava and Mura rivers (except in Baranya, where only the northern part of the county was retained by Hungary). On 4 December 1918 the State of Slovenes, Croats and Serbs (comprising present-day Croatia) joined the Kingdom of Serbia to form the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats, and Slovenes.
The invasion of Yugoslavia by the Axis Powers began on 6 April 1941, during World War II, and ended with the unconditional surrender of the Royal Yugoslav Army on 17 April 1941. During that time, on 12 April the Hungarian Third Army crossed the border (advancing into Međimurje and southern Baranya). Those territorial gains were reversed by Yugoslav partisans and the Red Army in 1944 and 1945, and confirmed by the Paris Peace Treaties of 1947. As World War II was replaced by the Cold War, Hungarian–Croatian relations were substantially dictated by the Soviet Union; it dominated the Eastern Bloc, which included Hungary and Communist-ruled Yugoslavia (which in turn comprised Croatia as its constituent part), as defined by the Tito–Stalin split. This situation ended with the revolutions of 1989, the end of Communism in Hungary and the breakup of Yugoslavia.
Fall of Communism and Croatian independence.
Hungary recognised Croatian independence on 15 January 1992 (with the rest of the European Economic Community member states), and established diplomatic relations with Croatia three days later. During the Croatian War of Independence, Croatia obtained arms from several countries (including Hungary), despite a United Nations-imposed arms embargo. As of December 2011, Hungary and Croatia have 96 treaties and agreements in force regulating a wide range of activities and relations (including diplomatic, cultural, economic, energy, transport, education, minority and other issues). Furthermore, Hungary supported the Croatian NATO membership request and Croatian accession to the European Union.

</doc>
<doc id="20025801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025801" title="Bob Hall (pitcher)">
Bob Hall (pitcher)

Robert Louis Hall (December 22, 1923 – March 12, 1983) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball who played from through for the Boston Braves (1949–1950) and Pittsburgh Pirates (1953). Listed at , 195 lb., Hall batted and threw right-handed. He was born in Swissvale, Pennsylvania. 
In a three-season career, Hall posted a 9–18 record with a 5.40 ERA in 89 appearances, including 27 starts, one shutout, eight complete games and one save, giving up 182 runs (16 unearned) on 307 hits and 146 walks while striking out 133 in 276 ⅔ innings of work. 
Hall died in St. Petersburg, Florida, at the age of 59. He was killed by a drunk driver when the driver drove through a barrier while he was working on a construction site. Leaving behind his still living brother Harry "Bud" Hall 90 yrs old Oil City, PA; Living sister Alice Hajduk 92 yrs old Oil City PA; Deceased sister Kenda Mosier... Other family members nephew Robert K Hall Sr deceased 6 Aug 2011, Great Nephew Robert K Hall Jr "Bobby" 35 ; Great Nephew David Hall 34 
Bob, better known as "Dad" also left behind his (at the time) 16 year old daughter, Julie. 26 year old daughter, Kristi. And wife, Muriel. All are still living. All wish that he were as well. Another note, Dad played in the 1983 March of Dimes Old Timers Game in St. Petersburg, Florida as he had every year - just the very week before he was killed.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20025818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025818" title="Richie Webb">
Richie Webb

Richie Webb is an award-winning British comedy writer, actor and composer. He was educated at Wolverhampton Grammar School.
As a writer and performer, he is perhaps best known for his work on BBC Radio 4 comedy programmes. He began his career as a member of "The Cheese Shop" and went on to have regular musical comedy slots on both "Week Ending" and "Parsons and Naylor's Pull-Out Sections". He is currently co-creator and star of "15 Minute Musical" which won the 2009 Writers' Guild Award for Best Radio Comedy and a regular on "Broken Arts" and "Look Away Now".
He is also a prolific composer of music for television - often with partner music producer Matt Katz - contributing to many comedy programmes, such as "That Mitchell and Webb Look", "Headcases", "Dead Ringers" and "Coming of Age", as well as to a large number of children's programmes, such as "Horrible Histories", "My Almost Famous Family", "Jackanory", "Doodle Do", "Bamzooki", "Bear Behaving Badly" and "Ed and Oucho's Excellent Inventions".
He has recently co-founded a Radio production company "Top Dog", lives in Warwickshire, and has a season ticket for West Bromwich Albion.

</doc>
<doc id="20025837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025837" title="Graveyard BBQ Greatest Hits">
Graveyard BBQ Greatest Hits

Graveyard BBQ Greatest Hits is a two-volume album series by dirtcore band Graveyard BBQ. The first volume (and the band's debut album) was released in 2005 and the second in 2007. On the first volume, the song "Cheat On The Church" won the band the "Be A Guitar Hero" national contest earning it a spot on the soundtrack of the PlayStation 2 game "Guitar Hero".

</doc>
<doc id="20025859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025859" title="Ndikumana">
Ndikumana

Ndikumana is an African surname, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20025864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025864" title="Hans Nielsen (actor)">
Hans Nielsen (actor)

Hans Nielsen (30 November 1911 – 17 August 1965) was a German film actor. He appeared in 136 films between 1937 and 1965.
Biography.
Hans Albert Nielsen was born in Hamburg, Germany. He first got an education in business, but afterward, began taking private acting lessons from Albrecht Schoenhals and Erich Ziegel. He made his stage debut in Hamburg in 1932, after which he worked in Augsburg, Kiel, Leipzig, Berlin, Munich and Düsseldorf. Many actors and performing artists fled Nazi Germany, but Nielsen remained. He made his film debut in 1937 in "Daphne und der Diplomat", followed by German movies, such as "Heimat" (with Zarah Leander), "Friedrich Schiller – Triumph eines Genies" (with Horst Caspar) and "Der große König" (with Otto Gebühr). 
After World War II, Nielsen performed in a Kabarett group, "Die Außenseiter" ("The Outsider") and played in revues by cabaret artist Günter Neumann. He resumed his successful film acting career in 1947, appearing in "In jenen Tagen", a drama by Helmut Käutner. He often played roles that were good-natured, likeable and elegant, such as the presiding judge in the 1953 satire "Hokuspokus", with Curt Goetz; the criminal defense attorney in "Gestehen Sie, Dr. Corda"; a commisar with Christopher Lee in "Sherlock Holmes und das Halsband des Todes"; the police chief in "Scotland Yard jagt Dr. Mabuse" and a judge in "Jugendrichter", with Heinz Rühmann. He also worked with Curd Jürgens and Lilo Pulver in film versions of Conrad Ferdinand Meyer's "Gustav Adolfs Page" and "Don Pedro Alvarez". He also appeared in a few Karl May films and in Edgar Wallace's "Das indische Tuch", "Das Phantom von Soho" and "Die Tür mit den sieben Schlössern".
In addition to his own film roles, in 1948, Nielsen began working as a voice actor, dubbing films into German, including Fred Astaire ("Funny Face" and "Daddy Long Legs"); Gary Cooper ("Cloak and Dagger", among others); Errol Flynn ("The Adventures of Robin Hood", "Adventures of Don Juan", among others); Cary Grant ("Crisis"); Rex Harrison ("Cleopatra"); Phil Silvers ("Cover Girl"); David Niven ("The King's Thief", among others), Tyrone Power ("The Mark of Zorro" and "Prince of Foxes", among others); James Stewart (in "The Philadelphia Story" and "Anatomy of a Murder", among others); Robert Taylor ("Quo Vadis)", Spencer Tracy ("Malaya"); Orson Welles ("Citizen Kane") and Trevor Howard ("The Third Man").

</doc>
<doc id="20025881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025881" title="José Durand Laguna">
José Durand Laguna

José Durand Laguna (November 7, 1885 – February 1, 1965) was an Argentine football manager who was manager of the Paraguay national team at Copa América 1921 and 1929 and the 1930 FIFA World Cup.
Laguna was born in Buenos Aires, Argentina, and died, aged 79, in Asunción, Paraguay.

</doc>
<doc id="20025890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025890" title="European Tournament for Dancing Students">
European Tournament for Dancing Students

The European Tournament for Dancing Students or ETDS is a recurring tournament for ballroom and Latin-American dancing for students from Europe.
Introduction.
The tournament is organised twice a year, once during the Pentecost weekend and once in autumn. The tournament always starts on Friday and finishes on Monday. Although each ETDS is organised by a different party, the structure remains fairly constant: on Friday evening, the blind date program takes place, in which dancers that do not have a partner can try to find a nice dancing partner. On Saturday, the ballroom tournament for the “breitensport” (explained below) takes place and the Latin-American tournament for the open class. On Sunday, both classes dance the other discipline. Everyone goes home in the morning of the Monday after, or sometimes late on Sunday.
The organisation of each tournament is in the hands of a different participating university. The tournament takes place in the city of the organising university, and the location changes each half year to another European city. So far, the tournament has always taken place in either Germany or the Netherlands, but the 49th tournament (Pentecost 2013) is scheduled to take place in Norway.
Although the primary focus of the ETDS lies in organising a tournament of a high level, the event also aims at creating a social event where dancers from all of Europe can meet each other. This is stimulated by the possibility to blind date and by respectively organising a themed festival and a gala on the Saturday and Sunday evening of the event.
Often, the sleeping accommodation is a locale gym.
History.
The ETDS was founded by the university of Clausthal, Braunschweig and Kiel: they agreed to get to know each other during a tournament, and these three German universities organised the event a number of times. There was not a regular structure, but the tournament was organised ad hoc. Finding a sleeping accommodation was easy, as the number of participants was still very low.
In November 1990, the tournament price was introduced that has been used since: “der tanzmaus” (German for “the dance mouse”), a pluche mouse. The tanzmaus was a donation of the university of Kiel and Clausthal was the first university to win the mouse.
In December 1991, a tournament during Sinterklaas took place. The tournament gained more participants and Berlin started participating as well. Berlin won the dance mouse during this Sinterklaas tournament, and promised to organise the event somewhere in the future. During this tournament, only one class existed. 
In April 1992, the tournament took place in Clausthal. This was the first tournament where Dortmund started participating. Some tournaments later, Ulm and Marburg started participating as well.
The University of Berlin fulfilled their promise in 1993 by taking care of the organisation of the tournament. The tournament still did not have separate classes.
The next tournament took place in the spring of 1994, and the tournament gained in popularity; fifteen universities from Germany participated. Also, for the first time, universities from the Netherlands started to participate. The new universities were from Mainz, Geisenheim, Kaiserslautern, Delft and Eindhoven.
During autumn of 1994, the number of participants had increased to such a high amount that problems started to arise between the organisation and the government of Kiel. The result was that Kiel was disallowed to organise the event for five years.
The next tournament was in the spring of 1995, and for the first time, the tournament was separated into two classes. They were called “amateurs” and “profis”. Leipzig also joined this tournament.
The tournament that was held in the summer of 1995 was the first event to take place in the Netherlands. The organisation was in the hands of ESDV Footloose from Eindhoven. Groningen joined during this tournament. From now on, the ETDS was no longer organised on an ad hoc basis, but was organised regularly twice each year, during Pentecost and in the autumn, each time by a different university.
The number of participants continued to grow, and around 2004 a third class was added to the breitensport. People were now qualified in either the highest class called “masters”, or in the classes “profis” or “amateurs”. More than 500 participants took part in the 41st tournament in Groningen in May 2009, and another Breitensport class by the name of “champions” was introduced.
The event continues to grow in popularity, and 570 participants were competing in the 47th edition during Pentecost, May 2012. Until now, the ETDS has taken place 47 times. The next tournament, the 48th ETDS, will take place in Oktober 2012 and will be organised by the Dutch city of Nijmegen. The 49th ETDS is for the first time scheduled to be organised by neither a German nor Dutch team, as it is scheduled to be organized by a team from Trondheim during Pentecost 2013.
Rules.
Every ETDS organisation is allowed to make their own rules for the tournament. Each organisation describes rules about clothing and the calculation of the Tanzmaus. Because the focus of each organization might be different, the balance between social and competition changes slightly. Nevertheless, several rules exist during each tournament:
Structure.
Dancers can sign up for two disciplines: the open class and the breitensport (literally "broad competition", a German word that is used for the broad, somewhat less competitive class of regular competitions). The breitensport is not for professional dancers. Both disciplines have a standard and a Latin-American tournament. In the breitensport, a prequalification round takes place, where each participant is put into the amateur, profi or master class. In all other rounds, the best dancers are selected and these continue into the next round. During the finals, open adjudication is often performed. Each adjudicator decides on a ranking of the couples on the floor and shows their decision immediately after each dance.
Dances.
During the first rounds of the breitensport standard competition, each couple has to dance the quickstep, the slow waltz and the tango. For the Latin-American competition, they have to dance the cha-cha-cha, the rumba and the jive. In the (semi)finals and in the open class, the Viennese waltz, the slowfox, the samba and the paso doble are added.
Adjudication.
The adjudicators consist of volunteers from the participating universities, that do not compete themselves. Adjudicators are selected by their certificates to adjudicate, by their experience and by their level of dancing in regular dance competitions.
Blind dating.
A blind date couple consists of two dancers from different universities. Blind dating is mandatory in the open class, and stimulated in the breitensport by a blind date program on the Friday of the tournament. During some tournaments, a blind date couple can score more points for a university, and thereby improve the change of winning the tanzmaus.
Participants.
Every member of a student dancing society or university student can participate. Each couple dances under the flag of his or her university or dance society. Staff members of the university or dancing society are also allowed to participate. When universities have too few participants to compete for the tanzmaus, they can team up with other universities to improve their chances.
Nationalities.
Every European university or student dance society can participate. In practice, a majority of the participants are German. The second largest participating country is the Netherlands, and some dancers from the United Kingdom, Switzerland, Estonia, Norway and other neighboring countries participate as well.
Germany.
From Germany, universities from the following cities participate the ETDS:
The Netherlands.
In the Netherlands, the participants often dance under the flag of a dancing society, unlike in Germany, where participants dance under the flag of their university. From the Netherlands, the following cities participate the ETDS:

</doc>
<doc id="20025904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025904" title="4 Track EP">
4 Track EP

4 Track EP is the Warped Tour '06 EP TAT released for the tour. It is out of print and is the only release by the band not available on iTunes.

</doc>
<doc id="20025910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025910" title="Stephen Pedley">
Stephen Pedley

Geoffrey Stephen Pedley (known as Stephen; born 13 September 1940) was the Anglican Bishop of Lancaster from 1998 until 2005. 
He was educated at Marlborough and Queens' College, Cambridge. Ordained in 1966 after a period of study at Ripon College Cuddesdon he began his career with curacies in Liverpool and Coventry before a spell in Zambia. Returning to England in 1977 he became Vicar of St Peter’s, Stockton-on-Tees and then Whickham before becoming a Residentiary Canon at Durham Cathedral, a post he held until his elevation to the Episcopate.

</doc>
<doc id="20025911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025911" title="St. Nicholas Cathedral, Elbląg">
St. Nicholas Cathedral, Elbląg

St. Nicholas Cathedral is a 13th-century Gothic church in Elbląg, Poland. Established in circa 1247, the church became Lutheran in 1573. It was damaged by fire in the late 18th century and suffered damage during the World War II. It was elevated to the status of cathedral in 1992.
History.
When the burghers of Elbing (Elbląg) first attempted to adopt the Protestant Reformation in 1525, the provost of St. Nicholas Church maintained Catholic practice. Since 1539 the city council tacitly tolerated and gradually openly promoted Lutheranism, so that St. Nicholas Church had become a Lutheran church by 1573.
Following King Sigismund III's Prussian regency contract (1605) with Joachim Frederick of Brandenburg and his Prussian enfeoffment contract (Treaty of Warsaw, 1611) with John Sigismund of Brandenburg these two rulers of Ducal Prussia guaranteed free practice of Catholic religion in prevailingly Lutheran Prussia. Based on these contracts Prince-Bishop Szymon Rudnicki of Ermland/Warmia achieved the restitution of St. Nicholas as Roman Catholic parish church in 1612, then the only one in Elbing, and remaining a Catholic church since.
St. Nicholas was damaged by fire in the late 18th century, then destroyed in World War II and reconstructed. In 1992, the building was elevated to the status of cathedral.

</doc>
<doc id="20025923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025923" title="Heaven &amp; Hell – A Tribute to The Velvet Underground">
Heaven &amp; Hell – A Tribute to The Velvet Underground

Heaven & Hell – A Tribute to The Velvet Underground is a series of tribute albums released by Imaginary Records in the UK dedicated to The Velvet Underground. While not technically part of the series, Imaginary Records also released another tribute album to The Velvet Underground, called "" which is in fact merely a compilation of fourteen tracks from the three Heaven & Hell albums.

</doc>
<doc id="20025927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025927" title="Abhaswaras">
Abhaswaras

Abhaswaras or Abhasvaras is a term used in Buddhism for a heaven and in Hindu mythology as a class of deities.
In Buddhism.
In Buddhism Abhaswaras or Abhasvaras is the name of a heaven. The words roots are Sanskrit (from "a" near to, towards + the verbal root "bhas" to shine upon, illuminate).
In Hindu mythology.
In Hindu mythology, Abhaswaras is a class of deities. They are sixty-four in number and their nature is not well known. They are described as "demigods representing a certain cycle of manifestation and the active phase of the evolutionary process set in motion by an act of will of Brahman, who remains transcendent while emanating forth the world". These inferior deities are attendant upon Shiva, and under the command of Ganesa. They dwell on Gana-parvata, i.e., Kailasa.
While Dawson in his "Hindu Encyclopaedia" does not offer more information, it is known that they are one of the nine Gana deities: Adityas, Viswas or Viswe-devas, Vasus, Tushitas, Abhaswaras, Anilas, Maharajikas, Sadhyas, and Rudras.
However, Guru Granth Sahib gives the following information:
"The Ganas, Gandharvas, Siddhas and saints [...] are engaged in uttering the infinite Praises of the Unapproachable and Unfathomabable'"
The Ganas and Gandharvas were emancipated through the remembrance of the Name of the Lord...
Ganas or Gana-Devatas are the troops of deities. Nine classes of Ganas are Adityas, Viswe-devas, Vasus, Tushitas, Abhaswaras, Anilas, Maharajikas, Sadhyas and Rudras. These are inferior deities and are attendant upon god Shiva. The Lord of these Ganas is Ganesha (or Gana-pati), who, according to one legend, sprang from the scurf of the body of Parvati; and who is the god of wisdom and remover of obstacles.

</doc>
<doc id="20025935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025935" title="United States Virgin Islands general election, 2008">
United States Virgin Islands general election, 2008

Legislative elections will be held in United States Virgin Islands on 4 November 2008.
United States House of Representatives.
Incumbent U.S. Virgin Islands Delegate Donna Christian-Christensen announced that she intended to seek a fourth term in the United States House of Representatives. Her announcement of her decision to seek re-election came in a press conference held at her congressional district office in Sunny Isle, United States Virgin Islands, on January 10, 2008.
Christensen is running unopposed in the 2008 Congressional election. This all but guarantees her successful re-election to the House of Representatives.

</doc>
<doc id="20025938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025938" title="Bendon, Michigan">
Bendon, Michigan

Bendon is an unincorporated community and census-designated place in Benzie County, Michigan, United States. The population was 208 at the 2010 census.
The settlement developed around a sawmill and was first named "Kentville" after Albert Kent, a farmer who became the first postmaster on April 24, 1888. It was given a station on the now abandoned Chicago and West Michigan Railway. The post office was renamed "Bendon" on June 30, 1892, and operated until March 31, 1954.
Geography.
Bendon is located in the eastern part of Inland Township in eastern Benzie County. Bendon's eastern border is the Grand Traverse County line. The center of the community is at the intersection of Bendon Road and Cinder Road.
According to the United States Census Bureau, the Bendon CDP has a total area of , all land.

</doc>
<doc id="20025940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025940" title="Social venture">
Social venture

A social venture is an undertaking by a firm or organization established by a social entrepreneur that seeks to provide systemic solutions to achieve a sustainable, social objective.
Background.
Social ventures may be structured in many forms, including sole proprietors, for-profit and not-for-profit firms, non-governmental organizations, youth groups, community organizations, and more. Typically, government organizations are not considered to be social ventures, yet even government organizations can adopt entrepreneurial practices, possibly partnering with independent organizations, to explore innovative methods for providing social services. Elkington and Hartigan define three models for social ventures: leveraged nonprofit, hybrid nonprofit, and social business. In the leveraged nonprofit venture the entrepreneur uses external partners for financial support in providing a public good. On the other hand, the hybrid nonprofit venture recovers a portion of its costs through sales of its goods or services. The social business venture generates profits, but rather than return those profits to shareholders, like commercial ventures, it reinvests those profits to further the social venture and the resulting social benefits.
The distinguishing characteristic of the social venture versus the commercial venture is the primacy of their objective to solve social problems and provide social benefits. The social venture may generate profits, but that is not its focus. Rather profits are a possible means to achieve sustainability in providing a social benefit. The problems addressed by social ventures cover the range of social issues, including poverty, inequality, education, the environment, and economic development. The context in which social ventures operate is very complex as they are trying to bring about solutions where markets or governments may have failed or actually impede solutions. Further, these ventures are trying to provide solutions where money is usually in short supply—often these ventures have little assurance that their services can be paid for by those they seek to serve. These conditions necessitate that the social entrepreneur be creative, adaptable, and determined in finding new solutions to problems.

</doc>
<doc id="20025941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025941" title="MS Astor">
MS Astor

MS "Astor" is a cruise ship owned by the Germany-based Premicon, under charter to the Germany-based Transocean Tours. She was built in 1987 under the name "Astor" by Howaldtswerke-Deutsche Werft (HDW), Kiel in West Germany for the Mauritius-based Marlan Corporation, although originally ordered by the South African Safmarine as a combined ocean liner/cruise ship for the Southampton-Cape Town service. 
In 1988 the ship was sold to the Soviet Union-based Black Sea Shipping Company and renamed Fedor Dostoevskiy (some sources spell the name "Fedor Dostoyevskiy", ), but spent her time under charter to various West German cruise lines. In 1995 she reverted to the name "Astor". Since 1996 she has been under charter to Transocean Tours.
On 28 November 2008, an attempted pirate attack on the "Astor" in the Gulf of Oman was prevented by the German frigate "Mecklenburg-Vorpommern".
Today she operates for Cruise & Maritime Voyages on voyages in Europe, South Africa and Australia. 
Concept and construction.
The South African Safmarine had restarted ocean liner service between Southampton and Cape Town in 1984 by acquiring the 1981-built cruise ship "Astor" from the West German Hadag Cruise Line. In service the first "Astor"s engines proved too underpowered to maintain liner service. As a result Safmarine decided to order a new ship in 1985 from the HDW shipyard in Kiel, based on the same design as the 1981 "Astor" (which had been built at HDW's yard at Hamburg) but with additional facilities and more powerful engines, making her better suited for liner operations as well as cruising. Confusingly the new ship was also decided to be named "Astor". Even though the second "Astor" was not to be delivered until 1987, the first "Astor" was sold to the East German Deutsche Seerederei (via a West German intermediary) in 1985. Soon after this Safmarine decided to abandon their passenger operations, and in January 1986 the second "Astor"s construction contract was sold to the Mauritius-based Marlan Corporation. The ship was launched from dry dock on 30 May 1986 and delivered to the Marlan Corporation on 14 January 1987.
Service history.
1987–1988: "Astor".
Immediately following delivery on 14 January 1987, the "Astor" set on her maiden voyage from Hamburg to Genoa and from there further to South America. After this she was used for cruising on the Caribbean and to other destinations around the world. She was registered in Mauritius while in Marlan Corpotation service.
I would like to know the crew who worked in MV Astor. I was there for the maiden voyage . Anand Nowbuth
Chief Engineer Cliff Ellams
1st Engineer David Caidenhead Irwin Stephens
2nd David Sporle
3rd Steven Black
3rd Tim Syndercombe
1988–1995: "Fedor Dostoevskiy".
On 3 October 1988 Marlan Corporation sold the "Astor" to the Soviet Union-based Black Sea Shipping Company. Renamed "Feodor Dostoevskiy" and re-registered to the Soviet Union, the ship was chartered to the West German Transocean Tours in December 1988. She stayed in Transocean Tours service until March 1990, when she was chartered to Neckermann Seereisen. Following the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1991, the "Feodor Dostoevskiy"s ownership was transferred to Fedor Dostoevskiy Shipping Co., a Bahamas-based company, and reregistered to the Bahamas. Apart from the change of flag, this had no effect in her operations.
1995 onwards: "Astor".
Following the end of the "Feodor Dostoevskiy"s charter to Neckermann Seereisen, she was chartered to Aquamarin in December 1995 and reverted to the name "Astor". In 1996 the ship was sold to Astor Shipping Co., and again chartered to Transocean Tours. At some point prior to 2008 her owners changed to the Germany-based Premicon, but she continues under charter to Transocean. According to a company statement, Transocean Tours are planning to retain the "Astor" in their fleet at least until 2013.
On 28 November 2008, the German Navy reportedly prevented Somalian pirate speedboats from attacking the "Astor". She was sailing in the Gulf of Oman en route from Sharm-al-Sheikh in Egypt to Dubai, when the German "Mecklenburg-Vorpommern" detected pirate speedboats apparently attempting to attack the "Astor". The "Mecklenburg-Vorpommern" entered the path of the oncoming speedboats while they were still some three miles from the "Astor". Warning bursts of machine gun fire were used to ward off the threat without those on the cruise ship becoming aware of the situation.
"Astor" has recently been chartered for three years commencing in 2013 by Cruise and Maritime Voyages (CMV) in a bid to fill the "gap" in the Australian market after the exit of Classic International Cruises. Astor is scheduled to embark on a visit from Europe, in addition to several around Australia and short cruises before arriving back in Europe in time for the European Summer.
Design.
Exterior design.
Externally, the 1987-built "Astor" was designed to be almost identical to the 1981-built "Astor", but approximately longer. Due to the similar design the ships were distinguishable only due to the additional windows below the first lifeboat on the 1987 ship. Both "Astor"s were designed with a sharply raked bow, a relatively low, terraced superstructure and a large, square funnel.
In Marlan Corporation service, the "Astor" was initially painted with a white hull and superstructure, a red decorative stripe deparating the hull and superstructure, and red/blue funnel with a large white cross painted on it alongside the letters ML. This was later altered so that the decorative stripe was extended to cover the entire lowest supersrtucture deck, while the funnel was painted white with red stripes. As "Feodor Dostoevskiy", the decorative stripe on the hull reverted to the same form as in the original livery, while the funnel was painted white with blue exhaust pipes and a wide red stripe with the hammer and sickle emblem on it.
In Transocean Tours service the ship received a livery with a narrower light/dark blue decorative stripe on the hull, a white funnel with blue exhaust pipes, a thin light/dark blue stripe with Transocean Tours' large T logo in the middle.
Interior design.
As with the exterior, the interior layout and decorations of the 1987-built "Astor" were very similar to the 1981-built "Astor", down to the bathroom fittings. However, the 1987-built ship was designed with a larger number of suites, improved crew quarters, an added casino and added conference facilities.
Like the 1981-built ship, the 1987-built "Astor" was furnished in traditional style using large amounts of dark wood, with many of the public rooms having high ceilings. The author Douglas Ward described the ship as having "a certain degree of style, comfort and elegance".
Decks and facilities.
As "Astor" in Transocean Tours service, including only decks accessible to passengers.

</doc>
<doc id="20025946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025946" title="Mitsuyuki Yoshihiro">
Mitsuyuki Yoshihiro

He was picked to join the U-20 Japan squad to compete 2005 FIFA World Youth Championship in Netherlands.
Career statistics.
Last update: 30 December 2010

</doc>
<doc id="20025999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20025999" title="Daniel Akpeyi">
Daniel Akpeyi

Daniel Akpeyi (born August 3, 1986 in Nnewi) is a Nigerian footballer. He currently plays for Heartland F.C. in Nigeria.
Trivia.
He began his career by Gabros International F.C. and was promoted to first team in 2005, before he transferred in January 2007 to Nasarawa United F.C.. He joined Heartland F.C. for their 2010 CAF Champions League campaign.
International.
He was a member of the Nigeria national under-20 football team at 2005 FIFA World Youth Championship in Netherlands and was in the 22-man squad before the Beijing 2008 Summer Olympics but did not see action in either tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="20026002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026002" title="Dennis K. Hays">
Dennis K. Hays

Dennis K. Hays was the United States Ambassador to the Suriname. He was confirmed by the U.S. Senate and was appointed by President Bill Clinton on March 22, 1996.[http://www.canf.org/Contactenos/About/aboutdkh.htm]
Hays is a career member of the Senior Foreign Service, and has previously served as Director of the Office for Mexican Affairs at the Department of State. He received his Bachelors degree in American Studies from the University of Florida, and his Masters degree in Public Administration from Harvard University.

</doc>
<doc id="20026003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026003" title="France–Hungary relations">
France–Hungary relations

French-Hungarian relations are foreign relations between France and Hungary. The first diplomatic contacts date back from the Middle Ages. France has an embassy in Budapest. Hungary has an embassy in Paris and 8 honorary consulates (in Bordeaux, Tours, Lille, Marseille, Mulhouse, Nancy, Rennes and Rouen).
Both countries are full members of NATO and of the European Union. Since 2004, Hungary is an observer in the Francophonie.

</doc>
<doc id="20026024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026024" title="Hamilton Moore">
Hamilton Moore

Hamilton Moore is a Baptist theologian and lecturer.
Moore holds a BD, a Master of Theology, and a PhD. In 1990, Moore became Principal and New Testament tutor at the Irish Baptist College in Lisburn, Northern Ireland. He is also Adjunct Professor at Emanuel University in Oradea, Romania. Prior to that, he worked in pastoral and evangelistic ministry from 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="20026036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026036" title="Fleur Ezekiel">
Fleur Ezekiel

Fleur Ezekiel was an Indian model who was crowned Miss India World 1959. She was Indian of Jewish ancestry, descending from a Bene Israel family. She has one younger brother, Noel Ezekiel. She was an Indian pioneer who brought India into the spotlight after becoming the first Indian to participate in the international pageant, Miss. World.

</doc>
<doc id="20026043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026043" title="Polar Rose (facial recognition)">
Polar Rose (facial recognition)

Polar Rose is a company from Malmö, Sweden which makes facial recognition software.
Polar Rose had a service that allows users to name people in their photos on photo sharing sites like Flickr and 23hq.com using their Facebook contacts. Using their facial recognition Polar Rose applied a good amount of auto-tagging for users.The service was discontinued on 6 September 2010 only to be purchased two weeks later by Apple Inc. for approximately $29 million.
The Polar Rose website and related add-ons for Firefox and Internet Explorer allowed users to put names to the faces of people whose photographs appear on the web, and to then find other pictures of the same individuals; however, as of May 20, 2009, use of the plugins was discontinued in favor of a purely web-based interface.
Search Wikia featured integration with Polar Rose.
Polar Rose founder Jan Erik Solem is company CTO while Danish serial entrepreneur Nikolaj Nyholm is CEO.
Polar Rose was awarded a World Economic Forum Technology Pioneer Award in 2008 and has won other awards like SIME's 2007 Best Technical Innovation and the Red Herring Global 100 list for 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20026046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026046" title="Junji Nishizawa">
Junji Nishizawa


</doc>
<doc id="20026047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026047" title="Piribeg">
Piribeg

Piribeg (; ) is a mountain located between Kosovo and the Republic of Macedonia. Piribeg reaches a height of 2,524m above sea level and is a peak of the eastern part of the Šar Mountains. Located on the slopes of Piribeg is the largest ski centre in Kosovo, Brezovica. At the peak of Piribeg, there is a large pole that brings people by elevator to the top of the peak at 2,524m. From there they are free to ski down as far as the ski centre. 

</doc>
<doc id="20026071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026071" title="D52 road (Calvados)">
D52 road (Calvados)

The D52 road ( or RD52) is a road connecting Pont-Farcy and Vire in the Calvados département in France.

</doc>
<doc id="20026077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026077" title="Hungary–Japan relations">
Hungary–Japan relations

Hungarian-Japanese relations are foreign relations between Hungary and Japan. After World War II, both countries re-established diplomatic relations in August 1959. Hungary has an embassy in Tokyo and 2 honorary consulates (in Hamamatsu and Osaka). Japan has an embassy in Budapest.

</doc>
<doc id="20026082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026082" title="Harketari Klos KF">
Harketari Klos KF

Harketari Klos KF was a football club located in Klos, Albania. It was founded in 1939 as Shoqeria Sportive e Klosit. The club has always played in the lower divisions but many times has produced beautiful games especially in the Albanian Cup. The club folded in 1991 after the communism in Albania fell and since then Klos has never had a professional team.

</doc>
<doc id="20026087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026087" title="Pleasant Hills (Upper Marlboro, Maryland)">
Pleasant Hills (Upper Marlboro, Maryland)

Pleasant Hills is a historic home located near Upper Marlboro in Prince George's County, Maryland, United States. It is a large, two-part brick house with Greek Revival detailing, constructed in 1807. The house was built by William B. Sasscer.
Pleasant Hills was built in a side-hall-and-double-parlor plan style that was popular among the wealthy planter class of Prince George's County during the early part of the 19th century. The property was the homestead of the Sasscer and Hill family, prominent in local politics and commerce, since it was purchased by William Sasscer in 1807.
The architectural details of the house suggest that this structure was constructed during the 1830s. In fact, the architrave around the windows and doorways are identical to one that appears in an Asher Benjamin builder's book of 1830. The two-story hyphen and wing, however, are earlier, probably c. 1810, following the acquisition of the property in 1807. According to the current owners, the restoration/renovation process revealed building methods and materials in the kitchen wing that pre-dates the rest of the main block. This is also supported by a family legend that the original main block burned to the ground.
The side-hall and double-parlor plan in which Pleasant Hills was constructed is typical of homes built by the Prince George's County wealthy planter class. The double parlors allowed for a "best parlor" for receiving guests and a less formal back parlor (also known as dining parlor or sitting room) where the family could retire. Double parlors could also allow for the partially separate, yet concurrent, entertaining of ladies and gentlemen. One parlor contained the typical accoutrements of an early 19th-century parlor, including a dozen chairs, sofa, table, parlor mirror and three pictures.
The second of the two parlors contained a parlor lamp, sideboard, two tables, book stand, liquor case, and a few odds and ends. As was typical of the family parlor, this room appears to have been used for dining and reading or other forms of relaxation. Still another room (probably the one adjoining the kitchen in the old section) lists a sideboard, cupboard, table, and chairs.
The considerable amount of space given over to the hall passage further reflects the rise in the importance of separating social space from family space, and the control over circulation through rooms that occurred during the mid-18th century. The large hall served as both a formal entry into the house and a transitional space between the two parlors and the outside. It also allows for entry into either parlor without having to go through multiple rooms. The hall passage which runs from front to rear as seen at Pleasant Hills also allowed for cross ventilation, which was particularly important during summer months. Numerous inventories indicate that these passages were often used as living rooms during that time. It is not unusual to see listed dining or other tables, couches, desks, etc. within passages (or even bedsteads in second-floor passages). From these inventories the hall passage is speculated to be an integral part of the overall plan and probably served as more than just a formal entry.
The period in architecture in which Pleasant Hills was constructed embraced the neoclassical in both its Roman and Greek forms: Adamesque Georgian, Federal and Greek Revival. These elements are seen at Pleasant Hills in their vernacular form. Houses such as Pleasant Hills, located in rural areas removed from large, fashionable cites, were built by local carpenter/builders using builders' guides or pattern books. In fact, the architrave molding found around the windows and doors of the first story of the main block can be found in Asher Benjamin's builder's book, "The Practical House Carpenter", published in 1830 (plate 46). Benjamin outlines Grecian-influenced patterns for moldings, architraves, frontispieces, etc. As stated by Benjamin, "I consider it necessary that all practical house carpenters should be fully acquainted with the orders of architecture, particularly those who reside in the country, where they have no opportunity of consulting an architect."
Pleasant Hills was built in two parts. The original main block and the current hyphenated wing were built by William B. Sasscer following his purchase of the property in 1807. This property included 350 acres of "Four Hills," "Moore's Craft" and "Littleworth." Sasscer also had an additional 400-acre "plantation", inherited from his father, on which he raised tobacco. As his will states, "...I wish the tobacco now on hand to be sold..." Also mentioned in the tax assessment records for William Sasscer is the "land with distillery on it... 3-3/4 acres" (and included in the inventory of his estate are 22 barrels). The inventory also indicates that sheep and lamb were raised on the plantation, which also included oxen, cows and pigs; and twenty-six slaves (fourteen men and boys and twelve women and children).
Pleasant Hills was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="20026103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026103" title="Hungary–Poland relations">
Hungary–Poland relations

Hungary–Poland relations are the foreign relations between Hungary and Poland. Relations between the two states date back to the Middle Ages, with the two peoples enjoying a traditional close friendship.
Hungary has an embassy in Warsaw, a general consulate in Kraków and 2 honorary consulates (in Łódź and Poznań). Poland has an embassy in Budapest. Both countries are full members of NATO, joining it on the same day (March 12, 1999) and are also both members of the European Union.
Historic relations.
Good relations between Poland and Hungary date back to the Middle Ages. The Polish and Hungarian noble houses (as Piast dynasty or House of Árpád) often intermarried with each other. Louis the Great was King of Hungary and Croatia from 1342 and King of Poland from 1370 until his death in 1382. He was his father’s heir, Charles I of the House of Anjou-Sicily (King of Hungary and Croatia) and his uncle’s heir, Casimir III the Great (King of Poland - the last ruler of Piast dynasty). King Casimir had no legitimate sons. Apparently, in order to provide a clear line of succession and avoid dynastic uncertainty, he arranged for his nephew, King Louis I of Hungary, to be his successor in Poland. Louis' younger girl Saint Jadwiga of Poland inherited the Polish throne, and became one of the most popular monarch of Poland. In the 15th century, the two countries briefly shared the same king again, Poland's Władysław III of Varna, who perished, aged barely twenty, fighting the Turks at Varna, Bulgaria. In the 16th century, Poland elected as her king a Hungarian nobleman, Stefan Batory, who is regarded as one of Poland's greatest kings.
Hungarian Revolution of 1848.
In the Hungarian Revolution of 1848, a Polish general, Józef Bem, became a national hero of both Hungary and Poland. He was entrusted with the defence of Transylvania at the end of 1848, and in 1849, as General of the Székely troops. On October 20, 1848 Józef Wysocki signed an agreement with the Hungarian government to form a Polish infantry battalion of about 1,200 soldiers. After agreement Wysocki organized in Hungary "Polish legion" of volunteers contained 2,090 foot soldiers and 400 Polish uhlans. They took part in the siege of the Arad fortress in the spring of 1849 and participated in all important battles at Szolnok, Hatvan, Tápió-Bicske and Isaszeg. After the Battle at Temesvár in August 1849, and the Hungarian capitulation at Világos, eight hundred the remnants of the Legion escaped to Turkey.
Polish Soviet war.
During the Polish–Soviet War (1919–21), after the Bela Kun government in Hungary was overthrown, Hungary offered to send 30,000 cavalry to Poland's aid, but the Czechoslovak government refused to allow them through the demilitarized zone that had existed between Czechoslovakia and Hungary since the end of the Czechoslovak-Hungarian war a few months earlier. Nevertheless, some Hungarian munitions trains did reach Poland.
From the Middle Ages well into the 18th century, Poland and Hungary had shared a historic common border between Poland and Carpathian Ruthenia (known as "Kárpátalja" in Hungarian), governed by Hungary. In the aftermath of World War I, the victorious allies had, at Versailles, transferred Carpathian Ruthenia, with its Slavic population, from defeated Hungary to Slavic nascent Czechoslovakia. Following the Munich Agreement (September 30, 1938) — which doomed Czechoslovakia to takeover by Germany — Poland and Hungary, from common as well as their own special interests, worked together, by diplomatic as well as paramilitary means, to restore their historic common border by engineering the return of Carpathian Rus to Hungary. A step toward their goal was realized with the First Vienna Award (November 2, 1938). 
Until mid-March 1939, Germany considered that, for military reasons, a common Hungarian-Polish frontier was undesirable. Indeed, when in March 1939 Hitler made an about-face and authorized Hungary to take over the rest of Carpatho-Rus (which was by then styling itself "Carpatho-Ukraine"), he warned Hungary not to touch the remainder of Slovakia, to whose territory Hungary also laid claim. Hitler meant to use Slovakia as a staging ground for his planned invasion of Poland. In March 1939, however, Hitler changed his mind about the common Hungarian-Polish frontier and decided to betray Germany's ally, the Organization of Ukrainian Nationalists, who had already in 1938 begun organizing Ukrainian military units in a "sich" outside Uzhhorod, in Carpathian Ukraine, under German tutelage — a "sich" that Polish political and military authorities saw as an imminent danger to nearby southeastern Poland, with its largely Ukrainian population. Hitler, however, was concerned that, if a Ukrainian army organized in Carpathian Rus were to accompany German forces invading the Soviet Union, Ukrainian nationalists would insist on the establishment of an independent Ukraine; Hitler, who had designs on Ukraine's natural and agricultural resources, did not want to deal with an independent Ukrainian government.
World War II.
Hitler would soon have cause to rue his decision regarding the fate of Carpatho-Ukraine. In six months, during his 1939 invasion of Poland, the common Polish-Hungarian border would become of major importance when Admiral Horthy's government, on the ground of long-standing Polish-Hungarian friendship, declined, as a matter of "Hungarian honor," Hitler's request to transit German forces across Carpathian Rus into southeastern Poland to speed that country's conquest. The Hungarian refusal allowed the Polish government and tens of thousands of military personnel to escape into neighboring Hungary and Romania, and from there to France and French-mandated Syria to carry on operations as the third-strongest Allied belligerent after Britain and France. Also, for a time Polish and British intelligence agents and couriers, including Krystyna Skarbek, used Hungary's Carpathorus as a route across the Carpathian Mountains to and from Poland.
Revolution of 1956.
A student demonstration in Budapest in support of the Polish October and asking for similar reforms in Hungary was one of the events that sparked the Hungarian Revolution of 1956. During the revolution, Poles demonstrated their support for the Hungarians by donating blood for them; by 12 November 1956, 11,196 Poles had donated. The Polish Red Cross sent 44 tons of medical supplies to Hungary by air; even larger amounts were sent by road and rail.
Friendship Day.
On March 12, 2007, Hungary's parliament declared March 23 the "Day of Hungarian-Polish Friendship", with 324 votes in favor, none opposed, and no abstentions. Four days later, the Polish parliament declared March 23 the "Day of
Polish-Hungarian Friendship" by acclamation.

</doc>
<doc id="20026122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026122" title="Prussian P 6">
Prussian P 6

The Prussian Class P 6s were passenger locomotives operated by the Prussian state railways with a leading axle and three coupled axles. 
The P 6 was conceived as a so-called universal locomotive. The first vehicle was manufactured in 1902 at Düsseldorf by the firm of Hohenzollern. This engine has a number of features that are characteristic of its designer, Robert Garbe: a narrow chimney located well forward, the unusual position of the boiler and, not least, insufficient weight balancing. As a result, and in spite of the relatively small, diameter, driving wheels (on the prototype they were only ), the locomotives were authorised to travel at up to , a speed which could not be attained in practice due to its poor riding qualities.
The smokebox superheater installed on the first machines was soon replaced by a smoke tube superheater. In all, 275 engines of this class were built up to 1910. 110 examples had to be handed over after the First World War as reparations. 163 locomotives were taken over by the Deutsche Reichsbahn as DRG Class 37.0-1, where they were allocated the running numbers 37 001–163. The locomotives with numbers 37 201–206 were, by contrast, G 6 and P 6 class engines respectively of Lübeck-Büchen Railway (LBE), that had a different design from the Prussian locomotives. 
The Prussian P 6s were retired by about 1950. The few engines left after the Second World War were no longer employed by the Deutsche Bundesbahn and the Reichsbahn.
The locomotives taken over by the Polish State Railways (PKP) were given the designation Oi1.
One of them has been preserved and can be viewed in the Warsaw Railway Museum.
The engines were equipped with Prussian tenders of class pr 2'2' T 16.

</doc>
<doc id="20026133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026133" title="P. George Benson">
P. George Benson

Dr. P. George Benson (born June 3, 1946 in Lewisburg, Pennsylvania) is an American academic, and the current President of the College of Charleston in Charleston, South Carolina.
Early Life and Education.
Benson was born in Lewisburg, Pennsylvania. He graduated from Lewisburg Joint High School in 1964. He attended Bucknell University in his hometown, graduating with a Bachelor of Science degree in Mathematics in 1968. While a student at Bucknell, Benson joined the Kappa Chapter of the Sigma Chi Fraternity. He then pursued graduate study in operations research at New York University before earning his Ph.D. in decision sciences from the University of Florida in 1977.
Career.
In 1977, Benson was hired as a professor at the University of Minnesota's Carlson School of Management, a position he held until 1993, at which point he became the Dean of Rutgers University's business school, as well as a professor of decision sciences. In 1998, Benson was selected to become the Dean of the University of Georgia's Terry College of Business. He held this position until February 1, 2007, when he became president of the College of Charleston.
He has announced his retirement as President of the College of Charleston, effective in 2014.
Personal life.
Benson sits on numerous corporate boards and is an avid golfer. He is a member of the board of directors of The Foundation for the Malcolm Baldrige National Quality Award. The Foundation is a nonprofit, private-sector organization that raises funds to endow the Malcolm Baldrige National Quality Award. The Malcolm Baldrige National Quality Award (MBNQA) was established in 1987 and it is presented annually by the President of the United States to organizations that demonstrate quality and performance excellence. It was designed by Congress to raise awareness of quality management and recognize U.S. companies that have implemented successful quality-management systems.
Benson is married to Jane Oas Benson and has three children.

</doc>
<doc id="20026137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026137" title="Hungary–Romania relations">
Hungary–Romania relations

Hungarian-Romanian relations are foreign relations between Hungary and Romania. Relations between the two states date back from the Middle Ages. Both countries established diplomatic relations in 1920.
Hungary has an embassy in Bucharest, 3 general consulates (in Cluj-Napoca, Miercurea-Ciuc and Constanţa) and 2 honorary consulates (in Constanţa and Iaşi). Romania has an embassy in Budapest and two general consulates (in Gyula and Szeged).
The two countries share 443 km of common border. Both are full members of NATO and of the European Union.
Romania has developed strong relations with Hungary, with the latter playing a key role in supporting Romania's bid to join the EU. Romania's ethnic Hungarian party also participated in all the government coalitions between 1996 and 2008 and from 2009. In 1996, Romania signed and ratified a basic bilateral treaty with Hungary that settled outstanding disagreements, laying the foundation for closer, more cooperative relations.

</doc>
<doc id="20026139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026139" title="Yushi Soda">
Yushi Soda


</doc>
<doc id="20026163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026163" title="Pleasant Prospect">
Pleasant Prospect

Pleasant Prospect is a historic home located in the Woodmore section of Mitchellville, Prince George's County, Maryland, United States. It is a large two and onehalf story Flemish bond brick house. The home was originally built by Isaac Duckett in 1798. It was also the home of Captain John Contee, the commander of the "Planter's Guard," a local cavalry company during the American Civil War. Members of the Walker family owned the property from 1868 until the 1970s.
Pleasant Prospect was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="20026165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026165" title="Günter Pfitzmann">
Günter Pfitzmann

Günter Pfitzmann (8 April 1924 – 30 May 2003) was a German film actor. He appeared in 60 films between 1952 and 2001.
He was born and died in Berlin, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="20026166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026166" title="Tomohiko Ikeuchi">
Tomohiko Ikeuchi


</doc>
<doc id="20026191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026191" title="Benjasiri Park">
Benjasiri Park

Benjasiri Park is a garden on Sukhumvit Road, Khlong Toei district, Bangkok, Thailand.
Built on next door to the Emporium shopping complex, it commemorates the 60th birthday of Queen Sirikit on August 12, 1992. Construction began in 1990 on land which originally housed the Bangkok Meteorological Department until its relocation to Bang Na. Built around an ornamental lake, it contains 12 pieces of contemporary sculpture by Thai artists and is often used for open air events.
It can be reached from Phrom Phong Station (Sukhumvit Line of the BTS Skytrain), and is located between Soi 22 and 24.

</doc>
<doc id="20026230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026230" title="Stanislav Ledinek">
Stanislav Ledinek

Stanislav Ledinek (26 June 1920 – 30 March 1969) was a German film actor. He appeared in over 90 films between 1953 and 1968.
He died in Istanbul, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="20026241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026241" title="Battle of Jinyang">
Battle of Jinyang

The Battle of Jinyang (晉陽之戰) was fought between the elite families of the State of Jin, the house of Zhao and the house of Zhi (智), in the Spring and Autumn period of China. The other houses of Wei and Han first participated in the battle in alliance with the Zhi, but later defected to ally with Zhao to annihilate the Zhi house. This event was a catalyst to the Tripartition of Jin in 434 BC, the forming of the three states of Zhao, Wei, and Han, and the start to the Warring States period. It is the first battle described in the Song Dynasty history compendium "Zizhi Tongjian".
Background.
By 490 BC, after the destruction of the houses of Fan (范) and Zhonghang (中行), control of the State of Jin, then the largest state in China, was contested by four elite families: Zhi, Wei, Zhao, and Han. With multiple military victories under his belt, Zhi Bo Yao (智伯瑤) of the house of Zhi exerted the most influence in the Jin court – all decisions of the state had to pass through him. He also controlled the most territory within the state. The reigning duke of Jin, Duke Ai, was powerless to restrain him. So Zhi Bo, in his pride, began to demand lands from the other three houses. The houses of Wei and Han reluctantly complied to evade Zhi Bo's wrath, but Viscount Xiang of Zhao (趙襄子) refused to cede the territories of Lin (藺) and Gaolang (皋狼), both in modern-day Lishi, to Zhi. Zhi Bo, in retribution, formed a secret alliance with the houses of Wei and Han to attack Zhao.
Viscount Xiang suspected an attack from Zhi Bo, since he has heard that Zhi Bo sent envoys to Han and Wei three times, but never to Zhao. After rejecting suggestions to move to Zhangzi or Handan out of concern for the people there, the viscount asked his minister Zhang Mengtan (張孟談) where he could prepare his defence, and Zhang Mengtan suggested Jinyang because Jinyang had been well-governed for generations. Viscount Xiang agreed, and summoned Yanling Sheng (延陵生) to lead the army carriages and cavalry ahead to Jinyang, the viscount himself to follow later. Once in Jinyang, the viscount, following the suggestions of Zhang Mengtan, issued orders to refill the granaries and the treasuries, repair walls, make arrows, and melt copper pillars for metal. By virtue of past governance, the treasuries, granaries, and arsenals were filled within three days, and the walls repaired within five. Thus all of Jinyang was prepared for war.
Battle.
When the three armies of Zhi, Wei, and Han reached Jinyang in 455 BC, they laid siege to the city, but for three months they could not take the city. They then fanned out and surrounded the city, and a year later diverted the flow of the Fen River to inundate the city. All buildings under three storeys high were submerged, and the people of Jinyang were obliged to live in nest-like perches above the water and hang their kettles from scaffoldings in order to cook.
By the third year, supplies had run out for the Zhao, diseases broke out, and the populace were reduced to eating each other's children. Although the common people remained firm in the defence, the court ministers' loyalties began to waver. Viscount Xiang asked Zhang Mengtan, "Our provisions are gone, our strength and resources are exhausted, the officials are starving and ill, and I fear we can hold out no longer. I am going to surrender the city, but to which of the three states should I surrender?" Zhang Mengtan, much alarmed, persuaded Viscount Xiang not to surrender but instead send him out to negotiate with the houses of Wei and Han.
The houses of Wei and Han were promised an even split of Zhao's territories when the battle was won, but both the Wei and Han leaders were uneasy, since they understood that they would be soon to follow if Zhao fell to Zhi. Zhi Bo's minister, Yu Chi (郤疵), warned Zhi Bo that the two houses were going to revolt, since "the men and horses Jinyang are eating each other and the city is soon to fall, yet the lords of Han and Wei show no signs of joy but instead are worried. If those are not rebellious signs, then what are they?" Zhi Bo paid Yu Chi no heed, and instead told the lords of Han and Wei of Yu Chi's suspicion. Yu Chi, knowing that his warning fell to deaf ears, excused himself from the battlefield by going to the State of Qi as an envoy.
Indeed, when Zhang Mengtan secretly met with Viscount Huan of Wei and Viscount Kang of Han (韓康子), the viscounts confessed that they were secretly planning to mutiny against Zhi. The three discussed their plans and settled on a date to execute the plans. Zhang Mengtan returned to Jinyang to report back to Viscount Xiang, and the viscount, in joy and apprehension, bowed to Zhang several times as a sign of great reverence.
One of Zhi Bo's clansmen, Zhi Guo (智過), chanced to see the viscounts of Wei and Han after the secret meeting, and warned Zhi Bo of the possibility that they might rebel, judging by their lack of restraints like before. Zhi Bo again chose to put his trust in the two viscounts, saying: "Since I have been this good to them, they would surely not attack or deceive me. Our troops have invested Jinyang for three years. Now when the city is ready to fall at any moment and we are about to enjoy the spoils, what reason would they have for changing their minds?" Zhi Bo told the two viscounts what Zhi Guo said, and the two viscount learnt to be cautious when they saw Zhi Guo the next day. Zhi Guo, seeing the change in their looks, insisted to Zhi Bo that the two ought to be executed. Zhi Bo would not hear of it, and Zhi Guo suggested another plan to buy their friendship: to bribe the influential ministers Zhao Jia (趙葭) of Wei and Duan Gui (段規) of Han with enfeoffement of the Zhao lands. Zhi Bo rejected the proposal because the Zhao lands were going to split in three already, and he did not want to receive less than one third of the eventual spoils. Seeing that Zhi Bo would not listen, Zhi Guo left Zhi Bo and changed his surname to Fu (輔) as a precaution.
Hearing this, Zhang Mengtan urged Viscount Xiang to take action immediately, lest Zhi Bo changes his mind. The viscount then dispatched Zhang Mengtan to the camps of Wei and Han, alerting them of the time of the final attack. On the night of May 8, 453 BC, Zhao troops killed the men guarding the dams of the Fen River and let the river flood the Zhi armies. As the Zhi armies fell into chaos trying to stop the water, the Wei and Han armies attacked Zhi from the sides and the Viscount of Zhao led his soldiers in a frontal attack. Together they inflicted a severe defeat on Zhi Bo's army and took him prisoner.
Viscount Xiang had a grudge on Zhi Bo because Zhi Bo had often humiliated him in the past, thus Viscount Xiang executed Zhi Bo and made his skull into a winecup. No one in the house of Zhi was spared save for Zhi Guo's family, who had already changed their surnames and fled. The territories of Zhi were evenly distributed among the three victors.
Aftermath.
With the elimination of the Zhi house, control of the State of Jin fell to the remaining three families, their powers unchecked by anyone in the state. In 434 BC, following the death of Duke Ai, the three families annexed all of Jin's lands, leaving only the capital estates of Jiang and Quwo for the next duke of Jin. In 403 BC, the Wei, Zhao and Han lords all went to King Weilie of Zhou in Luoyang and were made marquises in their own right, establishing the three states of Zhao, Wei, and Han, ushering in the beginning of the Warring States period by Sima Guang's definition. Most historians, when referring to those three states, call them the "Three Jins" (三晉). The State of Jin continued to exist with a tiny piece of territory until 376 BC when the rest of the territory was partitioned by the Three Jins.
The Legalist thinker Han Feizi of the late Warring States period used this battle as an example of failure via greed and perversity, one of the "Ten Faults" that a ruler should not have. He reasoned that because Zhi Bo was too fond for profit, he opened himself to the destruction of the state and his own demise.
The Song Dynasty statesman Sima Guang, in his "Zizhi Tongjian", attribute Zhi Bo's failure to his lacking virtue compared to his talents, and thus invited disaster.

</doc>
<doc id="20026242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026242" title="South County">
South County

South County may refer to the following:

</doc>
<doc id="20026256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026256" title="Bartwal">
Bartwal

Bartwal is a North Indian Garhwali Rajput surname.
Bartwal name is mostly used in the State of Uttarakhand.
It is believed to be originally derived from Rajasthan & Madhya Pradesh & Gujarat-( pls read "Rajputs of Himalayas").
Men of Bartwal clan often use "Singh", in a traditional way, by having it as a middle name after the first name. For example : Kuldeep Singh Bartwal, Mahavir singh bartwal, Dhruv Bartwal, virendra Singh Bartwal, rajendra Singh Bartwal, Vijay Bartwal... Women of Bartwal clan used to add "Kumari" as a middle name when unmarried & "Devi" after marriage, but do not add anymore (Villages still follow traditionally). 
Marriages are usually held within region of uttarakhand, but now due trend of getting married to rajputs of other states like shekhawats ( of rajasthan), sinh (of Gujarat) has started.They are apparented to the Bhardwaj gotra, as well as the Barthwal (Brahmin).
As: "Maanpuri Bartwal in village Phalasi Rudraprayag." "example name" : Ajeet Singh Bartwal

</doc>
<doc id="20026257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026257" title="Bulgaria–Poland relations">
Bulgaria–Poland relations

Bulgarian-Polish relations are foreign relations between Bulgaria and Poland. 
Both countries established diplomatic relations in the 1920s soon after Poland’s independence. Bulgaria has an embassy in Warsaw and an honorary consulate in Wroclaw. Poland has an embassy in Sofia. Both countries are full members of NATO and of the European Union.

</doc>
<doc id="20026275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026275" title="Hiroyuki Nishijima">
Hiroyuki Nishijima

Club career stats.
As of 30 December 2010

</doc>
<doc id="20026276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026276" title="1997 Grand Prix Hassan II – Singles">
1997 Grand Prix Hassan II – Singles

Tomás Carbonell was the defending champion but lost in the quarterfinals to Gilbert Schaller.
Hicham Arazi won in the final 3–6, 6–1, 6–2 against Franco Squillari.

</doc>
<doc id="20026279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026279" title="Grijzegrubben">
Grijzegrubben

Grijzegrubben, known as "Griëzegröbbe" in Limburgish, is a hamlet in the municipality of Nuth in the province of Limburg, the Netherlands.
The name Grijzegrubben contains the toponym "Grubbe", which in Limburg often refers to a hollow way.
The name was already in use in the year 1637, when Aleidis of Grijzegrubben leased some land to the nobleman Bartholomeus van Reymersbeeck.
Archeologists found in Grijzegrubben in August 2002 the remains of a Roman farm or storehouse, originating from approximately the 2nd century.
In September 1944, a tree with a Christian cross was accidentally destroyed by an American armoured car.
Due to the cross and the preservation of Grijzegrubben during World War II, community members built a chapel at this spot in 1945. The chapel is still owned by the community.
The Southern Limburg horse market is held each year in Grijzegrubben since 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20026282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026282" title="Caffeyl alcohol">
Caffeyl alcohol

Caffeyl alcohol is the organic compound with the formula (HO)2C6H3-4-CHCHCH2OH. This colourless solid is related to catechol by attachment to allyl alcohol. It is the precursor to one of the three principal lignols.
Preparation and occurrence.
In the laboratory, caffeyl alcohol can be synthesized from 1,2-dihydroxy-4-benzaldehyde. It is an intermediate in the biosynthesis of coniferyl alcohol, the conversion being effected by caffeate O-methyltransferase.
Related compounds.
Two related compounds are caffeyl aldehyde and caffeic acid, the latter also being a minor component of coffee.

</doc>
<doc id="20026306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026306" title="São Tomé and Príncipe">
São Tomé and Príncipe

São Tomé and Príncipe ( or ; or if correctly pronounced) officially the Democratic Republic of São Tomé and Príncipe, is a Portuguese-speaking island nation in the Gulf of Guinea, off the western equatorial coast of Central Africa.
It consists of two archipelagos around the two main islands: São Tomé and Príncipe, located about apart and about , respectively, off the northwestern coast of Gabon. Both islands are part of an extinct volcanic mountain range. São Tomé, the sizable southern island, is situated just north of the equator. It was named in honour of Saint Thomas by Portuguese explorers who arrived at the island on his feast day.
With a Census population of 187,356 (2012), São Tomé and Príncipe is the second-smallest African country (Seychelles is the smallest African country). It is also the smallest Portuguese-speaking country.
History.
The islands of São Tomé and Príncipe were uninhabited before the arrival of the Portuguese sometime around 1470. The islands were discovered by João de Santarém and Pêro Escobar. Portuguese navigators explored the islands and decided that they would be good locations for bases to trade with the mainland.
The dates of discovery are sometimes given as December 21 (St Thomas's Day), 1471 for São Tomé, and January 17 (St Anthony's Day), 1472 for Príncipe, though other sources give different nearby years. Príncipe was initially named "Santo Antão" ("Saint Anthony"), changing its name in 1502 to "Ilha do Príncipe" ("Prince's Island"), in reference to the Prince of Portugal to whom duties on the island's sugar crop were paid.
The first successful settlement of São Tomé was established in 1493 by Álvaro Caminha, who received the land as a grant from the crown. Príncipe was settled in 1500 under a similar arrangement. Attracting settlers proved difficult, however, and most of the earliest inhabitants were "undesirables" sent from Portugal, mostly Jews. In time these settlers found the volcanic soil of the region suitable for agriculture, especially the growing of sugar.
The cultivation of sugar was a labor-intensive process and the Portuguese began to import large numbers of slaves from the mainland. By the mid-16th century the Portuguese settlers had turned the islands into Africa's foremost exporter of sugar. São Tomé and Príncipe were taken over and administered by the Portuguese crown in 1522 and 1573, respectively.
However, superior sugar colonies in the Western Hemisphere began to hurt the islands. The large slave population also proved difficult to control, with Portugal unable to invest many resources in the effort. Sugar cultivation thus declined over the next 100 years, and by the mid-17th century, the economy of São Tomé had changed. It was now primarily a transit point for ships engaged in the slave trade between the West and continental Africa.
In the early 19th century, two new cash crops, coffee and cocoa, were introduced. The rich volcanic soils proved well suited to the new cash crop industry, and soon extensive plantations (known as "roças"), owned by Portuguese companies or absentee landlords, occupied almost all of the good farmland. By 1908, São Tomé had become the world's largest producer of cocoa, which remains the country's most important crop.
The roças system, which gave the plantation managers a high degree of authority, led to abuses against the African farm workers. Although Portugal officially abolished slavery in 1876, the practice of forced paid labor continued. "Scientific American" magazine documented in words and pictures the continued use of slaves in São Tomé in its March 13, 1897 issue. In the early 20th century, an internationally publicized controversy arose over charges that Angolan contract workers were being subjected to forced labor and unsatisfactory working conditions. Sporadic labor unrest and dissatisfaction continued well into the 20th century, culminating in an outbreak of riots in 1953 in which several hundred African laborers were killed in a clash with their Portuguese rulers. This "Batepá Massacre" remains a major event in the colonial history of the islands, and its anniversary is officially observed by the government.
Independence.
By the late 1950s, when other emerging nations across the African Continent were demanding independence, a small group of São Toméans had formed the Movement for the Liberation of São Tomé and Príncipe (MLSTP), which eventually established its base in nearby Gabon. Picking up momentum in the 1960s, events moved quickly after the overthrow of the Caetano dictatorship in Portugal in April 1974. The new Portuguese regime was committed to the dissolution of its overseas colonies; in November 1974, their representatives met with the MLSTP in Algiers and worked out an agreement for the transfer of sovereignty. After a period of transitional government, São Tomé and Príncipe achieved independence on July 12, 1975, choosing as the first president the MLSTP Secretary General Manuel Pinto da Costa.
In 1990, São Tomé became one of the first African countries to embrace democratic reform, and changes to the constitution — the legalization of opposition political parties — led to elections in 1991 that were nonviolent, free, and transparent. Miguel Trovoada, a former prime minister who had been in exile since 1986, returned as an independent candidate and was elected president. Trovoada was re-elected in São Tomé's second multi-party presidential election in 1996. The Party of Democratic Convergence (PCD) won a majority of seats in the National Assembly, with the MLSTP becoming an important and vocal minority party. Municipal elections followed in late 1992, in which the MLSTP won a majority of seats on five of seven regional councils. In early legislative elections in October 1994, the MLSTP won a plurality of seats in the Assembly. It regained an outright majority of seats in the November 1998 elections. The Government of São Tomé fully functions under a multi-party system. Presidential elections were held in July 2001. The candidate backed by the Independent Democratic Action party, Fradique de Menezes, was elected in the first round and inaugurated on 3 September. Parliamentary elections were held in March 2002. For the next four years, a series of short-lived opposition-led governments were formed.
The army seized power for one week in July 2003, complaining of corruption and that forthcoming oil revenues would not be divided fairly. An accord was negotiated under which President de Menezes was returned to office. The cohabitation period ended in March 2006, when a pro-presidential coalition won enough seats in National Assembly elections to form a new government.
In the 30 July 2006 presidential election, Fradique de Menezes easily won a second five-year term in office, defeating two other candidates Patrice Trovoada (son of former President Miguel Trovoada) and independent Nilo Guimarães. Local elections, the first since 1992, took place on 27 August 2006 and were dominated by members of the ruling coalition. On 12 February 2009, there was an attempted coup d'état to overthrow President Fradique de Menezes. The coup plotters were imprisoned, but later received a pardon from President de Menezes.
Politics.
São Tomé has functioned under a multiparty system since 1990. The president of the republic is elected to a five-year term by direct universal suffrage and a secret ballot, and must gain an outright majority to be elected. The president may hold up to two consecutive terms. The prime minister is appointed by the president, and the fourteen members of cabinet are chosen by the prime minister.
The National Assembly, the supreme organ of the state and the highest legislative body, is made up of 55 members, who are elected for a four-year term and meet semiannually. Justice is administered at the highest level by the Supreme Court. The judiciary is independent under the current constitution.
With regards to human rights, there exists the freedom of speech and the freedom to form opposition political parties.
São Tomé and Príncipe finished 11th out of the African countries measured by the Ibrahim Index of African Governance in 2010, a comprehensive reflection of the levels of governance in Africa.
The country has embassies in Angola, Gabon, Portugal, Belgium, Taiwan, and the US. It also has a permanent mission to the UN in New York and an International Diplomatic Correspondent Office.
Provinces and districts.
São Tomé and Príncipe is divided into 2 provinces: Príncipe and São Tomé.
The provinces are further divided into seven districts, six on São Tomé and one on Príncipe (with Príncipe having self-government since April 29, 1995).
Geography.
The islands of São Tomé and Príncipe, situated in the equatorial Atlantic and Gulf of Guinea about , respectively, off the northwest coast of Gabon, constitute Africa's second smallest country. Both are part of the Cameroon volcanic mountain line, which also includes the islands of Annobón to the southwest, Bioko to the northeast (both part of Equatorial Guinea), and Mount Cameroon on the coast of Gulf of Guinea.
São Tomé is long and wide and the more mountainous of the two islands. Its peaks reach - Pico de São Tomé. Príncipe is about long and wide. Its peaks reach - Pico de Príncipe. Swift streams radiating down the mountains through lush forest and cropland to the sea cross both islands. The equator lies immediately south of São Tomé Island, passing through an islet Ilhéu das Rolas.
The Pico Cão Grande (Great Dog Peak) is a landmark volcanic plug peak, located at in southern São Tomé. It rises dramatically over above the surrounding terrain and the summit is above sea level.
Climate.
At sea level, the climate is tropical—hot and humid with average yearly temperatures of about and little daily variation. The temperature rarely rises beyond . At the interior's higher elevations, the average yearly temperature is , and nights are generally cool. Annual rainfall varies from on the southwestern slopes to in the northern lowlands. The rainy season runs from October to May.
Wildlife.
São Tomé and Príncipe does not have a large number of native mammals (although the São Tomé Shrew and several bat species are endemic). The islands are home to a larger number of endemic birds and plants, including the world's smallest ibis (the São Tomé Ibis), the world's largest sunbird (the Giant Sunbird), the rare São Tomé Fiscal, and several giant species of "Begonia".
São Tomé and Principe is an important marine turtle nesting site, notably for hawksbill turtles (Eretmochelys imbricata)
Economy.
Since the 19th century, the economy of São Tomé and Príncipe has been based on plantation agriculture. At the time of independence, Portuguese-owned plantations occupied 90% of the cultivated area. After independence, control of these plantations passed to various state-owned agricultural enterprises. The main crop on São Tomé is cocoa, representing about 95% of exports. Other export crops include copra, palm kernels, and coffee.
Domestic food-crop production is inadequate to meet local consumption, so the country imports some of its food. In 1997 it was estimated that approximately 90 percent of the country's food needs are met through imports. Efforts have been made by the government in recent years to expand food production, and several projects have been undertaken, largely financed by foreign donors.
Other than agriculture, the main economic activities are fishing and a small industrial sector engaged in processing local agricultural products and producing a few basic consumer goods. The scenic islands have potential for tourism, and the government is attempting to improve its rudimentary tourist industry infrastructure. The government sector accounts for about 11% of employment.
Following independence, the country had a centrally directed economy with most means of production owned and controlled by the state. The original constitution guaranteed a "mixed economy", with privately owned cooperatives combined with publicly owned property and means of production. In the 1980s and 1990s, the economy of São Tomé encountered major difficulties. Economic growth stagnated, and cocoa exports dropped in both value and volume, creating large balance-of-payments deficits. Efforts to redistribute plantation land resulted in decreased cocoa production. At the same time, the international price of cocoa slumped.
In response to its economic downturn, the government undertook a series of far-reaching economic reforms. In 1987, the government implemented an International Monetary Fund (IMF) structural adjustment program, and invited greater private participation in management of the parastatals, as well as in the agricultural, commercial, banking, and tourism sectors. The focus of economic reform since the early 1990s has been widespread privatization, especially of the state-run agricultural and industrial sectors.
The São Toméan Government has traditionally obtained foreign assistance from various donors, including the UN Development Programme, the World Bank, the European Union (EU), Portugal, Taiwan, and the African Development Bank. In April 2000, in association with the Banco Central de São Tomé e Príncipe, the IMF approved a poverty reduction and growth facility for São Tomé aimed at reducing inflation to 3% for 2001, raising ideal growth to 4%, and reducing the fiscal deficit.
In late 2000, São Tomé qualified for significant debt reduction under the IMF–World Bank's Heavily Indebted Poor Countries (HIPC) initiative. The reduction is being reevaluated by the IMF, due to the attempted coup d'état in July 2003 and subsequent emergency spending. Following the truce, the IMF decided to send a mission to São Tomé to evaluate the macroeconomic state of the country. This evaluation is ongoing, reportedly pending oil legislation to determine how the government will manage incoming oil revenues which are still poorly defined, but in any case expected to change the economic situation dramatically.
In parallel, some efforts have been made to incentivize private tourism initiatives, but their scope remains limited.
São Tomé also hosts a broadcasting station of the American International Broadcasting Bureau (IBB) for the Voice of America located at Pinheira.
Portugal remains one of São Tomé's major trading partners, particularly as a source of imports. Food, manufactured articles, machinery, and transportation equipment are imported primarily from the EU.
São Tomé and Príncipe was ranked the 174th safest investment destination in the world in the March 2011 Euromoney Country Risk rankings.
Petroleum exploration.
In 2001, São Tomé and Nigeria reached agreement on joint exploration for petroleum in waters claimed by the two countries of the Niger Delta geologic province. After a lengthy series of negotiations, in April 2003 the joint development zone (JDZ) was opened for bids by international oil firms. The JDZ was divided into nine blocks; the winning bids for block one, ChevronTexaco, ExxonMobil, and the Norwegian firm, Equity Energy, were announced in April 2004, with São Tomé to take in 40% of the $123 million bid, and Nigeria the other 60%. Bids on other blocks were still under consideration in October 2004. São Tomé has received more than $2 million from the bank to develop its petroleum sector.
Banking.
Banco Central de Sāo Tomé e Príncipe is the central bank, responsible for monetary policy and bank supervision. There are six banks in the country. The largest and oldest is Banco Internacional de São Tomé e Príncipe, which is a subsidiary of Portugal's government-owned Caixa Geral de Depósitos. It had a monopoly on commercial banking until a change in the banking law in 2003 led to the entry of several other banks.
Demographics.
The first ever census was carried out in 2011 with the help of the National Statistic Institute (INE) of Cape Verde.
Of São Tomé and Príncipe's total population estimated at 163,784 by the government agency about 157,500 live on São Tomé and 6,000 on Príncipe. All are descended from people from different countries taken to the islands by the Portuguese from 1470 onwards.
In the 1970s, there were two significant population movements—the exodus of most of the 4,000 Portuguese residents and the influx of several hundred São Tomé refugees from Angola. Almost all are adherents of the Roman Catholic, Evangelical Protestant, or Seventh-day Adventist Churches, with a small Muslim population.
Although a small country, São Tomé and Príncipe has four national languages: Portuguese (the official language, spoken by 95% of the population), and the Portuguese-based creoles Forro (85%), Angolar (3%) and Principense (0.1%). French is also taught in schools, as the country is a member of Francophonie.
Health.
There was a resurgence of malaria in the country in 2010, but the exact cause is unknown. Female life expectancy at birth was 65.1 years in between 2005 and 2010, and male life expectancy at 62.8 for the same time period. Healthy life expectancy at birth was at 64.7 years in 2011.
A Cuban medical team of seven doctors, nurses and other health workers is working on the main island, with occasionally visits to Principe.
Government health expenditure per capita was at US$90.73 (current US$) in 2009.
Education.
Education in São Tomé and Príncipe is compulsory for four years. Primary school enrollment and attendance rates were unavailable for São Tomé and Principe as of 2001. The educational system has a shortage of classrooms, insufficiently trained and underpaid teachers, inadequate textbooks and materials, high rates of repetition, poor educational planning and management, and a lack of community involvement in school management. Domestic financing of the school system is lacking, leaving the system highly dependent on foreign financing. Tertiary institutions are the National Lyceum (São Tomé and Príncipe) and the Instituto Superior Politécnico.
Culture.
São Toméan culture is a mixture of African and Portuguese influences.
São Toméans are known for ússua and socopé rhythms, while Príncipe is home to the dêxa beat. Portuguese ballroom dancing may have played an integral part in the development of these rhythms and their associated dances.
Tchiloli is a musical dance performance that tells a dramatic story. The danço-congo is similarly a combination of music, dance and theatre.

</doc>
<doc id="20026307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026307" title="Poti-class corvette">
Poti-class corvette

The Poti class was the NATO reporting name for a group of anti submarine corvettes built for the Soviet Navy. The Soviet designation was "Project 204" small anti-submarine ships. These ships were the first soviet warships powered by gas turbine engines; two propellers were mounted in tunnels to give a very shallow draught. A twin 57mm gun mounting provided self-defence.
Ships.
A total of 66 ships were built between 1960 and 1968. In the Soviet Union the Poti class corvettes were decommissioned by the late 1980s; some Bulgarian ships served into the 21st century.
Builders were:
Exports.
Note: The former Soviet numbers of most of the individual ships are not known, but it is known that MPK-59, MPK-77 and MPK-109 were among the ships given to Bulgaria.
Note: The former Soviet numbers of the individual ships are not known, but it is known that MPK-106 and MPK-125 were among the ships given to Romania. The Romanian ships carried the older RBU-2500 ASW rocket launchers and two torpedo tubes versus the newer RBU-6000 and four torpedoes on the Bulgarian ships.

</doc>
<doc id="20026325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026325" title="Bacton Gas Terminal">
Bacton Gas Terminal

The Bacton Gas Terminal is a large gas terminal found on the North Sea coast in North Norfolk near Paston and between Bacton and Mundesley. The nearest main town is North Walsham. The other main UK gas terminals are at St Fergus, Aberdeenshire and the Easington, East Riding of Yorkshire.
History.
The plant opened during 1968, initially built by Shell and the Gas Council. Planning permission had been given on 16 June 1967 by Anthony Greenwood, Baron Greenwood of Rossendale. The Leman field began on 13 August 1968 (joint Shell-Esso), and the Hewett field (Phillips Petroleum) began operations in July 1969. Construction of the £5 million Phillips plant began in April 1968. The Leman field (Shell-Esso) needed a 34-mile-long pipeline. A 36-inch diameter 140-mile-long pipe (Number 2 feeder main) costing £17 million was built by Italsider from Bacton to near Rugby. The Gas Council marketed the new North Sea gas as High Speed Gas.
On 13 August 1981, 11 gas workers lost their lives in the G-ASWI North Sea ditching, in a Wessex helicopter. At 6pm on 28 February 2008, there was an explosion and fire at the Shell UK terminal, for which Shell were fined £1 million.
Operation.
It consists of five gas terminals, taking gas from the Southern North Sea (SNS). From there, they connect to the National Transmission System or to Belgium via the Interconnector and to the Netherlands via the BBL Pipeline. The gas terminals are run by Royal Dutch Shell, ExxonMobil, Perenco (which took over the BP operations) and ENI (which took over the Tullow Oil operations). Tullow had begun operations in 2003.
The five terminals are
Initial gas processing takes place on the gas rigs, where the gas is received with a slugcatcher, dehydrated using triethylene glycol then compressed. Sour gas (sulphurous) had previously been removed by amine gas treating, but not presently. Gas enters the NTS at around 1000 psig. Condensate is removed and piped by the British Pipeline Agency to the North Walsham rail terminal.
Shell.
The Shell terminal takes gas from the long SEAL Pipeline, which connects to the Shearwater and Elgin-Franklin gas fields in the Central North Sea. The SEAL Pipeline is the longest on the UK Continental Shelf. It employs 46 people and began operations in 1968. It connects to the BBL Pipeline to the Netherlands which became operational in December 2006.
Hewett Bacton Terminal.
This is owned by Eni of Italy, and connects to the Hewett Pipeline. The terminal has two GE 11MW Frame 3 and one GE 3.7MW Frame 1 gas turbines, connected to three centrifugal compressors.
Perenco terminal.
This takes gas from the LAPS complex and its "Arthurian" fields, and the Leman complex.
Infrastructure.
The Interconnector works via four GE LM2500 gas turbines and a Thermodyn centrifugal compressor in its compressor station, which was built by Kværner John Brown (now called Aker Solutions).
The Eni-operated terminal takes two pipelines from the Hewett complex, one from the Thames complex and one from the Lancelot (LAPS) complex. Each set of pipelines are received and processed separately.
Shell gas fields.
Indefatigable and Indefatigable SW.
It is owned by Shell and BP. The J field started in September 1971, K started in March 1973, L started in October 1978 and the M platform started in October 1985. Production started in October 1971 and the field was discovered in June 1966. Indefatigable SW was discovered in June 1967 and production started in October 1989. It is named after World War I Royal Navy battlecruiser.
Leman.
It was discovered in August 1966 and is from Lowestoft and is owned by zoe and BP and run by Shell. Leman A began production in August 1968. It connected to the Shell terminal. Leman B began production in November 1970. Leman C began in February 1972. Leman D began in August 1974. Leman E opened in August 1983. Leman F and G began in September 1987. The Leman complex of platforms connects to Bacton via Leman A, and is directly east of the Hewett complex. It is named after Sir John Leman. Field gas is piped to Bacton via Leman A Complex where facilities consist of two RB211 (driving HP compression) and two Avon (driving LP compression) gas turbines.
Corvette.
This connects via the Leman platforms. Run by Shell and owned equally by Shell and Esso. Discovered in January 1996 and production started in January 1999. It is named after the corvette ship.
Brigantine.
This connects via the Leman platforms. It is named after Brigantine, a type of sailing ship. It is owned by Shell and Esso and run by Shell. Brigantine A began was discovered in 1986; B was discovered in 1997; and C was discovered in 1998. All three fields began production in October 2001 via BR and BG platforms. Gas is piped to the Bacton terminal via the Corvette and Leman A Complex. It is named after the brigantine ship.
Sean.
These consist of the Sean P and (smaller) Sean R platforms. The Sean North field was discovered in May 1969 and Sean South was discovered in January 1970, and production started in October 1986. It is owned equally by Shell, Esso Exploration & Production UK Ltd, Union Texas and Britoil (BP) but run by Shell. Sean East was discovered in June 1983, with production starting in November 1994.
Clipper.
It is part of the Sole Pit field. It was discovered in March 1968. Production started in October 1990. It is owned by Shell and Esso and run by Shell. The Clipper complex has been developed as a nodal platform for the Galleon, Barque and Carrack Fields. It is named after the clipper type of ship
Barque.
It is part of the Sole Pit complex. It was discovered in 1971. Production started in October 1990. It is owned by Shell and Esso and run by Shell. It is furthest north of the fields connected to Bacton, being further north of many of the Lincolnshire-connected gas fields. Piped to Bacton via Clipper complex. It is named after the barque design of ship.
Galleon.
It is part of the Sole Pit complex. Production started in October 1994 and was discovered in September 1969. It is owned by Shell and Esso and run by Shell. Piped to Bacton via Clipper complex. It is named after the galleon type of ship.
Carrack.
Located approx 120 km North East of Bacton Terminal. Production started in 2003. It is owned by Shell and Esso and run by Shell. Piped to Bacton via Clipper complex.
Shearwater.
Run by Shell but owned by 28% by Shell UK Ltd, 28% by Esso Exploration & Production UK Ltd, 28% by ARCO British Ltd, 12% by Superior Oil (UK) Ltd, and 4% by Canadian Superior Oil UK Ltd. Discovered in September 1988 with production starting in September 2000. Connects to Bacton via the SEAL pipeline (Shearwater Elgin Area Line). The 474 km SEAL pipeline also connects to the Elgin-Franklin gas field.
Davy East.
Production started in 2008. Connects to Bacton via the Indefatigable field.
ENI gas fields.
These fields are controlled from the Thames complex, formerly operated by Esso and owned by Tullow. The company is run as Eni Hewett Ltd.
Thames, Yare, Bure, Wensum and Deben.
Owned 43% by Tullow Exploration Ltd, 23% by AGIP (UK) Ltd, 23% by Superior Oil (UK) Ltd, and 10% by Centrica Resources Ltd. Production from all five fields began in October 1986. Thames was discovered in December 1973; Yare in May 1969; Bure in May 1983; and Wensum in October 1985. They are run by Tullow Oil as the Thames complex. Connects to the Tullow Bacton terminal via the Thames pipeline. Bought from Agip (of Italy) by Tullow in 2003. The fields are named after the River Thames, the Yare, Bure, Wensum of Norfolk., and the Deben of Suffolk.
The Thames complex has one Solar Mars, and one Ruston Tornado and TB5 gas turbines for its compressor.
Welland NW & Welland S.
Run by Tullow Oil and owned 34% by Tullow Exploration Ltd, 55% by Esso, and 11% by Consort EU Ltd. Welland NW was discovered in January 1984 and Welland S in June 1984. Production started in September 1990. Situated south-east of the Thames complex to which it connects to Bacton. Named after the River Welland.
The Welland proved uneconomical by 2005 and was decommissioned and removed in 2010.
Hewett.
This field is what was two other complexes - Dawn, Big Dotty, and Deborah, and Delilah, Della and Little Dotty. It is owned 19% by Phillips Petroleum Company UK Ltd, 19% by AGIP(UK) Ltd, 11% by Superior Oil(UK) Ltd, 23% by Centrica Resources Ltd, 20% by Tullow Exploration Ltd, and 8% by Lasmo North Sea plc. It was discovered in October 1966 and production started in July 1969. It has two pipelines to Bacton - the Thames and Hewett pipelines. It is the set of fields nearest to Bacton being east of Great Yarmouth. It was run by Phillips Petroleum, which became ConocoPhillips, and then run by Tullow Oil. By 2011 the Hewett complex is predicted to become economically unviable.
Fizzy.
Situated east of the Thames complex.
Horne and Wren.
South of the Thames complex. Production started in June 2005. Bought by Tullow from BP in 2004, then 50% sold to Centrica. Operated before 2004 by Shell.
Tristan.
It is owned and operated by Perenco Gas UK Ltd. Discovered in May 1976 and production started in November 1992. Connects to Bacton via the Welland platform, and situated east of the Thames complex, to which it connects. Named after Tristan of the Arthurian legend.
Wissey.
South-west of the Thames complex, directly south of the Welland gas field. Named after the River Wissey in Norfolk.
Arthur.
Situated between the Hewett (to the west) and Thames (to the east) complexes. Connects to Bacton via the Thames complex. Production started in January 2005. Formerly owned by Tullow and run by Esso. Named after King Arthur.
Perenco gas fields.
The Lancelot complex is connected to Bacton via the LAPS pipeline (Lancelot Area Pipeline System), and it is also known as the LAPS complex. It is run by the Anglo-French Perenco.
Gawain.
Operated by Perenco UK Limited. It is owned by Perenco Gas UK Ltd 50% and Tullow Oil Ltd 50%. Discovered in December 1988 with production starting in October 1995. It connects to Bacton via the Thames complex. Situated north-east of the Thames field, completely separate (to the east) of the other "Arthurian"-named fields.
Galahad.
Operated by Perenco UK Limited. It is owned 72.23% by Perenco Gas UK Ltd, 15% by Chieftain Exploration UK Ltd, 10% by Premier Pict Petroleum Ltd, and 3% by Chieftain International North Sea Ltd. Discovered in December 1975 and production started in November 1995. Connects to the ConocoPhillips plant at Bacton via the Lancelot platform.
Guinevere.
Operated by Perenco UK Limited. It is owned 49.5% by Perenco Gas UK Ltd, 25.5% Perenco UK Limited and 25% Nobel Energy Inc. Discovered in May 1988 and production started in June 1993. Connects to the ConocoPhillips plant at Bacton via the Lancelot platform. Situated west of the (central) Lancelot field.
Camelot N and Camelot C & S.
Run by Petrofac, and owned by ERT. Camelot N discovered in November 1967 and Camelot C & S discovered in June 1987. Production started in October 1989. Connects to Bacton via the Leman complex.
Excalibur.
The northern-most "Arthurian" gas field in the Lancelot complex.
Perenco gas fields.
Trent.
It is owned by Perenco UK Ltd. It was previously owned and operated by ARCO (Atlantic Richfield Company), and is now run by Perenco. It was discovered in March 1991 and production started in November 1996. It connects to the Perenco Bacton terminal via the Eagles pipeline. Has two Solar Mars gas turbines for the compressor.
Orwell.
It is owned by Tullow Oil Ltd. It was run by ARCO, and is now run by Parenco. It was discovered in February 1990 with production starting in August 1993. East of the Thames complex, to which it connects, and furthest east of the Bacton gas fields. Bought by Tullow from ChevronTexaco (ChevTex, since May 2005 known as Chevron) in 2004. Named after the River Orwell in Suffolk.
Tyne South & Tyne North.
Furthest north of the Bacton gas fields, around the same latitude north as Teesside. Owned by Perenco UK Limited. It was run by ARCO, and is now operated by Perenco. Discovered in January 1992 and November 1996. Connects to Bacton via the Interfield pipeline and Eagles pipeline.

</doc>
<doc id="20026335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026335" title="Poland–Romania relations">
Poland–Romania relations

Polish-Romanian relations are foreign relations between the Poland and Romania. Both countries established diplomatic relations on February 9, 1919. Poland has an embassy in Bucharest. Romania has an embassy in Warsaw and 3 honorary consulates (in Gdynia, Katowice and Poznań). Both are full members of NATO and of the European Union.

</doc>
<doc id="20026358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026358" title="Makoto Sunakawa">
Makoto Sunakawa

Club career stats.
As of 30 December 2010

</doc>
<doc id="20026364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026364" title="Scientific freedom">
Scientific freedom

Scientific freedom is the idea of freedom (in the sense of Freedom of thought and Freedom of the press) applied to natural science, in particular the practices of scientific research and discourse, mainly by publication. Scientific freedom is promoted by many organizations of scientists, and is the subject of article 15 ¶ 3 of the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights.
Defence of scientific freedom.
One classic defence of scientific freedom is in Michael Polanyi's book, "Personal Knowledge" (1958). Polanyi criticized the common view that the scientific method is purely objective and generates objective knowledge. Polanyi cast this view as a misunderstanding of the scientific method and of the nature of scientific inquiry, generally. 
Polanyi argued that scientists do and must follow personal passions in appraising facts and in determining which scientific questions to investigate. He concluded that a structure of liberty is essential for the advancement of science - that the freedom to pursue science for its own sake is a prerequisite for the production of knowledge through peer review and the scientific method. Polanyi subsequently co-founded the Society for Freedom in Science. The Society was formed to promote a liberal conception of science as free enquiry against the instrumental view that science should exist primarily to serve the needs of society. The Society was formed to combat what they called Bernalism, which was a reference to the views of the physicist John Desmond Bernal as found in his 1939 book "The Social Function of Science".
See also.
Awards and associations:

</doc>
<doc id="20026367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026367" title="Rudolf Zehetgruber">
Rudolf Zehetgruber

Rudolf Zehetgruber (born 16 September 1926) is an Austrian film director, screenwriter, actor and film producer. He directed 17 films between 1960 and 1985.
He was born in Vienna, Austria.

</doc>
<doc id="20026396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026396" title="The Mint (album)">
The Mint (album)

The Mint is the first studio album from Philadelphia hip-hop artist Nickelz.

</doc>
<doc id="20026407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026407" title="Harry Smith House (Riverdale Park, Maryland)">
Harry Smith House (Riverdale Park, Maryland)

The Harry Smith House is a Queen Anne-style frame dwelling, built in 1890. It stands on one of the original streets platted in the 1889 railroad suburb subdivision of Riverdale Park, Prince George's County, Maryland located northeast of Washington, D.C.. The home is representative of the transition in domestic architecture between the Queen Anne style of the 1880s and the popular plan of the turn of the 20th century. Its owners were a middle class, government worker family, the Smiths, who owned it from the time when the developer sold it until the middle of the 20th century.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="20026411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026411" title="Kengo Ishii">
Kengo Ishii


</doc>
<doc id="20026416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026416" title="First Live Recordings">
First Live Recordings

1st Live Recordings is a two-volume album series released by Pickwick Records in 1979 containing live performances by The Beatles. Adrian Barber, the stage manager at the Star Club, on the instructions by King Size Taylor, the leader of The Dominoes, another group from Liverpool, recorded this on a Grundig home tape recorder at 3 ips in December 1962, probably during three performances at Hamburg's Star Club on 25, 28 or 29 and 30 December. Though even The Beatles thought the sound quality was too poor for anything to be made of the recording, Lingasong Records spent about $100,000 rebuilding the sound into a 16-track master. The result of their effort is this recording. This recording includes Ringo Starr on drums, making this the first live recording of The Beatles. This same recording was previously released as Live! at the Star-Club in Hamburg, Germany; 1962 by Lingasong Records. Pickwick's version has been slightly altered to allow for more prominence in the vocals.
Two songs on the set, "Be-Bop-A-Lula" and "Halleluja, I Love Her So," feature the Beatles performing the instruments while Star-Club waiter, Horst Fascher provides the vocals. Another cut, the only track on the set to not appear on the original Lingasong release, "Hully Gully," does not include the Beatles at all. Rather, it is a recording by Cliff Bennett and the Rebel Rousers who performed at the club the same night.

</doc>
<doc id="20026420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026420" title="Kin'yuki Sonoike">
Kin'yuki Sonoike

Sonoike was born in Hirakawachō, Tokyo. His father was in the service of the Imperial Household Agency, and his grandfather was the appointive governor of Nara prefecture in the Meiji period. He left the Gakushuin Peers’ School to pursue a literary career and was one of the early members of the "Shirakaba" Society. His 1919 short story, "Hitori Sumō" influenced the writings of Kazuo Hirotsu. In his later years, he was considered a member of a conservative group, which included Tetsuro Watsuji, Saneatsu Mushanokōji and Michio Takeyama. 

</doc>
<doc id="20026426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026426" title="Doc Carroll">
Doc Carroll

Ralph Arthur "Doc" Carroll (December 28, 1891 – June 27, 1983), was a Major League Baseball catcher who played in with the Philadelphia Athletics. He batted and threw right-handed. Carroll had a .091 batting average in ten games, two hits in 22 at-bats, in his one-year career. Carroll graduated from Worcester Academy.
He was born and died in Worcester, Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="20026436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026436" title="Germany–Montenegro relations">
Germany–Montenegro relations

German-Montenegrin relations are foreign relations between Germany and Montenegro. Both countries established diplomatic relations on June 14, 2006. Germany has an embassy in Podgorica. Montenegro has an embassy in Berlin and a general consulate in Frankfurt.
In 1997 the German Bundeswehr used the Podgorica Airport for the Operation Libelle, which led to the first skirmish of German forces since World War II. Today German and Montenegrin soldiers serve together in Afghanistan.
Montenegro introduced the D-Mark as their currency in 1999 - today Montenegro has the "German" Euro. German state-owned GTZ advises the Montenegrin ministry for economy.

</doc>
<doc id="20026453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026453" title="Gary Hendrix">
Gary Hendrix

Gary G. Hendrix is an American businessman who founded Symantec Corporation, an international corporation which sells computer software, particularly in the fields of information management and antivirus software.
Education.
Hendrix obtained his undergraduate degree at the University of Texas in May 1970 and then received his master's degree from the same institution in December 1970. Advanced Research Projects Agency had announced a series of funding for six projects in natural language understanding in 1970, which influenced Hendrix's decision to study in the artificial intelligence field. In January 1971, he enrolled in the PhD program at the University of Texas, and was assigned Robert Simmons as his adviser.
Career.
While at the University of Texas, Hendrix published several papers on robotics and planning, which several people from SRI International read. This led to an invitation for him to work at SRI, which he accepted and subsequently moved to Menlo Park, California. After several years at SRI, he left with fifteen SRI employees to form Machine Intelligence Corporation, which ultimately failed.
Afterward, he founded Symantec Corporation in 1982 with the help of a National Science Foundation grant. The company was originally focused on artificial intelligence-related projects, and Hendrix hired several Stanford University natural language processing researchers as the company's first employees. To finance the company, Hendrix went to an American Electronics Association financial conference in Monterey, California in May 1983. After demoing their product on an early Apple computer, businesses became interested in obtaining their product. Hendrix left the company in 1991 and moved to Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="20026456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026456" title="Naka River">
Naka River

Naka River

</doc>
<doc id="20026469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026469" title="Genki Nakayama">
Genki Nakayama

Club career stats.
As of 28 January 2010

</doc>
<doc id="20026486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026486" title="WBXZ-LD">
WBXZ-LD

nown
WBXZ-LP is a low-power television station in Buffalo, New York, broadcasting locally on channel 17 as an affiliate of Jewelry TV. Originally broadcasting on channel 56 analog, it had to vacate that frequency when the FCC removed it from the broadcast spectrum. It is formerly an affiliate of The Box, from where the station gets its call sign. The station is owned by Steven Ritchie, a local police officer who acquired the station from Craig Fox in December 2013. 
The station currently broadcasts in analog on channel 17 (the channel previously held by WBUF-TV from 1953 to 1959 and WNED-TV from 1959 to 2009) through a Special Temporary Authority approved by the FCC. The station will return to virtual channel 56 upon digital conversion, at which point it will also add several digital subchannels from Luken Communications, among them being Retro Television Network, Tuff TV, PBJ and Heartland.

</doc>
<doc id="20026487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026487" title="Hans Richter (actor)">
Hans Richter (actor)

Hans Richter (12 January 1919 – 5 October 2008) was a German film actor. He appeared in more than 130 films between 1931 and 1984. He was born in Brandenburg, Germany and died in Heppenheim, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="20026496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026496" title="Climate of the Nordic countries">
Climate of the Nordic countries

The climate of the Nordic countries refers to a region in Northern Europe that consists of Denmark, Finland, Iceland, Norway and Sweden and their associated territories, which include the Faroe Islands, Greenland and Åland. Stockholm, Sweden has on average the warmest summer of the Nordic countries, with an average maximum temperature of in July; Copenhagen and Oslo have an average July maximum temperature of .
Seasonal conditions.
Winter.
In Denmark, January temperatures average between and . Denmark's coldest month, however, is February, where the mean temperature is . The amount of hours of sunlight per day does increase during the month of February for Denmark, where they get seven to eight hours a day. Iceland winters are generally mild considering how high its latitude is. The coastal lowlands of Iceland have average January temperatures of about , while the highlands of central Iceland generally stay below . The lowest winter temperatures in Iceland are usually somewhere between and , although the lowest temperature ever recorded on Iceland was . In Norway, the coastal regions have mild winters, while further inland winter is much colder. During midwinter, southern areas of Norway only get five to six hours of sunlight a day, while the north gets little to none. In January, the average temperature in Norway is somewhere in between and . Like neighboring Norway, Sweden averages to in the month of January. Swedish areas north of the Arctic Circle rarely see the sun rise, due to the natural phenomenon of the polar night. In January and February, temperatures in this area can drop to . In February, Northern Sweden sees about four to six hours of daylight a day.
Spring.
In Iceland, spring brings warmer and milder temperatures. In the month of May, the average temperature is somewhere between and .
Summer.
Denmark's warmest month is July, where the mean temperature is . In Iceland, occasionally thunderstorms occur in the south in late summertime, due to warm air being deflected to northern latitudes from warm air masses in other parts of Europe. Also, cold air. originating from Canada, warms rapidly over the ocean, forming thunderclouds. Thunderstorms, however, are very rare in Iceland, and there are less than five of them per year. In June, Iceland's average daily temperatures range from to . Summer conditions vary in Norway depending on location. The Norwegian coast has cooler summers than areas further inland. Due to its northern location, there is almost no darkness in June and July in the north, reaching as far south as Trondheim. In summer, the average temperature in the Northern areas are somewhere between and , while further South it is usually to . In Sweden, summers experiences more rainfall than other seasons. Swedish areas north of the Arctic Circle rarely see the sun set during the months of June and July, due to the natural phenomenon Midnight sun. Northern parts of Sweden have summer temperatures in the to range, while furtherther south, the temperature is closer to and . During summer in Greenland, ice sheets breaking up trigger what is known as "glacial motion" or "glacial earthquakes".
Global warming.
Effects.
Greenland is one of the areas in both the Nordic region and the world most affected by climate change. A July 2006 study completed by ""The Journal of Climate"", determined that Greenland was the single largest contributor to global sea-level rise. The temperatures from the year 2000 to the present have caused several very large glaciers that had long been stable, to begin to melt away. Three glaciers that have been researched: Jakobshavn Isbræ, Helheim and Kangerdlugssuaq Glaciers, jointly drain more than 16% of the Greenland Ice Sheet. Satellite images and aerial photographs from the 1950s and 1970s show that the front of the glacier had remained in the same place for decades. In 2001, the ice sheet began retreating rapidly, retreating between 2001 and 2005. It has also accelerated from to a day. Western Greenland's Jakobshavn Isbræ is generally considered the fastest moving glacier in the world, and has been moving continuously at speeds of over a day with a stable terminus since at least 1950. The glacier's ice tongue began to break apart in 2000, leading to almost complete disintegration in 2003, while the retreat rate doubled to over per day. In the summer of 2005, the island of Uunartoq Qeqertoq was discovered off the eastern central coast of Greenland. Prior to 2005, many people assumed that Uunartoq Qeqertoq was actually a peninsula off of Liverpool Land, however, the melting ice shelves revealed that it was only connected to the mainland by glacial ice.
Predicted effects.
Scientists estimate that should the current rate of climate change continue, Greenland's ice sheet, which contains of ice, could melt and cause global sea level to rise by . Some climate experts have estimated that Greenland could be losing of ice each year. 
The 2008 Environmental Performance Index ranked countries based on the environmental performance of the country's policies. On the list, Norway was ranked 2nd, Sweden was 3rd, 4th was Finland, Iceland was ranked as 11th, and Denmark came in 26th.

</doc>
<doc id="20026501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026501" title="Alex Andino">
Alex Andino

Alex René Andino Benavídez (born 2 August 1982 in Olanchito, Yoro, Honduras) is a Honduran footballer who plays as a midfielder for club Atletico Limeño in the Honduran second division.
Club career.
Andino has played for Honduran top tier outfits Platense, Hispano, Real España and Real Juventud.
Atlético Choloma.
On 20 August 2011, Andino made his debut with the team when he came on as a substitute for Fayron Barahona in the 61st minute against Platense in a 3-1 win, marking the first win of the club in Liga Nacional de Honduras.
International career.
Andino made his debut for Honduras in a February 2003 friendly match against Argentina and has earned a total of 6 caps, scoring no goals. He has represented his country at the 2003 UNCAF Nations Cup.
His final international game was a February 2003 UNCAF Nations Cup match against Guatemala.

</doc>
<doc id="20026503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026503" title="Austria–Czech Republic relations">
Austria–Czech Republic relations

Austria – Czech Republic relations are the neighborly relations between Austria and the Czech Republic, two member states of the European Union.
Before World War II.
Both countries have a long common history. For the first time united from 1253 until 1276 under the reign of Přemysl Otakar II, they later joined again and, together with Hungary, formed a major European power under the Habsburg dynasty which lasted from 1526 until 1918. Initially only a personal union, the ever more centralized monarchy ruled mostly from Vienna (Prague was the capital only from 1583 until 1611) was increasingly seen as an obstacle of the Czech and German national interests during the uprising of nationalism in Central Europe from the second half of the 19th century. The Czechs demanded to be ruled by a government in Prague, the capital city of their kingdom, not in Vienna, and as part of their main party strategy of passive resistance did not participate for years in the political discussions and decisions of the Austrian "Reichsrat", the parliament in Vienna representing all nations of the Austrian part of the Austro-Hungarían Monarchy. Ethnic Germans at the same time wanted to participate in the ongoing German unification process.
While the emperor had given internal autonomy to the Hungarians in 1867 to reduce tensions with the Magyar aristocracy, the Czechs' wishes never were fulfilled until the end of the empire in 1918. This was due to the fact that in Bohemia 37% and in Moravia 28% of the population were Germans, who fiercely opposed to represent a minority in a Czech parliament, while they were part of the leading nation in Cisleithania.
Although the Czech lands developed as the industrial centre of the Monarchy, hundreds of thousand Bohemians of poor personal living standard, mainly from agricultural areas of southern Moravia, moved to Vienna between 1870 and 1910 to work there in cheap jobs. Badly educated and not capable of much German language as some of them were, they were considered low class people by the Viennese, and "Böhm" or "Bem" (which, in Viennese dialect, means a person from Bohemia) was used pejorative long into the 20th century in Austria. Aside from these the imperial capital attracted a large number of middle-class Bohemians who studied or pursued careers there, including Sigmund Freud, Karel Rokytanský, Gustav Mahler, the future president of Czechoslovakia, Tomáš Garrigue Masaryk and many others. Until today, one may trace Czech migrants in the Vienna Telephone Directory (from Adamec to Zwierzina).
South Moravia was the birthplace of two federal presidents of Austria: Karl Renner, who decisively took part in the creation of the First Austrian Republik in 1918 as State Chancellor and was president from 1945 to 1950, in 1870 was born at "Untertannowitz" / Dolni Dunajovice in the so-called Dyje arc ("Thayabogen"). Adolf Schärf, vice chancellor from 1945 to 1957 and president from 1957 to 1965, in 1873 was born in the city of "Nikolsburg" / Mikulov near the Austrian border. Many aristocratic and bourgeois families of great influence in Austrian politics, economy and the arts had their roots in what is now the Czech Republic.
During the First World War, while nearly 1.5 million Czechs fought in the Austro-Hungarian army, exiled Czech politicians backed by the military legions worked on the regaining of the independence of Bohemia in the form of Czecho-Slovak union. The Entente powers supported their plans, which did not provide any autonomy or other special treatment for the Germans in the new country.
After the end of the empire in October and November, 1918, German Austria and Czechoslovakia shortly quarreled on the issue of the German districts in Bohemia and Moravia, where more than 3 million German inhabitants wanted to join the State of German Austria (and within this state, the German republic). The Czechs immediately occupied these districts to keep the "integrity of the Bohemian lands", and the Treaty of St. Germain of 1919 acknowledged their rights to keep them. 
Both countries established diplomatic relations on January 20, 1920. When Austria entered dictatorial rule in 1934, Austrian Social Democrats like Otto Bauer and Julius Deutsch found refuge in the Czechoslovak Republic and founded the "ALÖS (Auslandsbüro der österreichischen Sozialdemokraten)," the foreign bureau of Austrian Social Democrats, in Brno. There until 1938 they published the "Arbeiter-Zeitung" (literally the workers' newspaper), which had been the daily organ of the Social Democratic Party of Austria and been prohibited by the Austrofascists, to be "illegally" exported to Austria. In March, 1938, when Austria was annexed to Germany, again some politicians flew to the neighboring country, at this time together with Switzerland the only democracy in Central Europe.
After World War II.
Many Germans in the Czech lands joyfully had welcomed Hitler's annexation of the German districts, called "Sudetenland", in September 1938, and had taken part in the occupation of the remaining Czech area in March 1939. This led the Czechs to expel nearly all Germans in 1945 and 1947. The proprieties these people had to leave behind when moving to their new countries of residence have been in fact nationalized and then redistributed among the Czech population under set rules. Although war damages exceeded value of these properties, Czechoslovakia did not claim any reparations from Germany and Austria and considered transfer of these properties ownership the fastest and most efficient way how to recover the nation after the world war. Many of people expelled moved to the Western zones of occupied Germany, some of them settled in Austria. Some people, however, were either allowed to stay or return to the country when proving their innocence.
In 1948, the Iron Curtain went down between Czechoslovakia and Austria. Many railway tracks and roads connecting the two countries were closed down for a long time. (Railway traffic from Laa an der Thaya to Hevlin and from Fratres to Slavonice has not been reopened until 2009.) In 1968, at the end of the Prague Spring, many Czechs fled to Austria. In 1978, the Czech author Pavel Kohout started to work for the Burgtheater in Vienna; his and his wife's Czechoslovak citizenship subsequently was revoked in 1979 and both were granted Austrian citizenship. 
In late 1989, the Czechs for the first time after 40 years could enter Austria as free citizens. In the nineties, Austrian ecologists demonstrated against the nuclear power plant at Temelin, 50 kilometres north of the Austrian border to the Czech Republic. In 2001, in the so-called Protocol of Melk, the two governments agreed on certain nuclear safety standards and cross-border information without delay.
In 2008, Karl Schwarzenberg (Czech minister of foreign affairs) and Jiri Grusa, who has acted as Czech ambassador and as director of the Diplomatic Academy in Vienna, shared the opinion that Austrians and Czechs are of different language, but of "the same nation", the same character. Schwarzenberg himself had lived in Vienna for decades before returning to the Czech lands after 1989.
Austria has an embassy in Prague and two honorary consulates (in Brno and České Budějovice). The Czech Republic has an embassy in Vienna and five honorary consulates (in Graz, Innsbruck, Klagenfurt, Linz, and Salzburg).
Both countries are full members of the European Union. They share 362 km of common border, which can be crossed anywhere without border control due to the Schengen Agreement.

</doc>
<doc id="20026504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026504" title="Sibu Town Mosque">
Sibu Town Mosque

Sibu Town Mosque or Masjid Bandar Sibu, also known as An-Nur Mosque, is a mosque in Sibu town, Sarawak, Malaysia. The Sarawak's Heroes Mausoleum is situated near the mosque. The mosque was constructed as the old Sibu Mosque (Al-Qadim Mosque) was unable to cope up with the increasing numbers of Sibu Muslims.

</doc>
<doc id="20026517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026517" title="Tomoki Suzuki">
Tomoki Suzuki


</doc>
<doc id="20026522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026522" title="Czech Republic–United Kingdom relations">
Czech Republic–United Kingdom relations

British–Czech are foreign relations between the Czech Republic and the United Kingdom. The Czech Republic has an embassy in London and 3 honorary consulates (in Cardiff, Edinburgh and Newtownards). The United Kingdom has an embassy in Prague.
HM Queen Elizabeth II of the United Kingdom paid a state visit to the Czech Republic in March 1996.
Although there was the Cold War, the Czech Republic and the UK have good relations. There were more than 500 Czech pilots who were members of the Royal Air Force during the World War II. The Munich Agreement in 1938, signed by British prime minister Neville Chamberlain, is still mentioned sometimes, but it is considered to be an expired chapter of Czech - British relations already.

</doc>
<doc id="20026538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026538" title="Shinji Otsuka">
Shinji Otsuka

Otsuka played for Omiya Ardija, Montedio Yamagata and Consadole Sapporo in the J. League Division 1.

</doc>
<doc id="20026539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026539" title="Edgehill Theological College">
Edgehill Theological College

Edgehill Theological College is the training institution for ministry in the Methodist Church in Ireland. It was founded in 1926 (ratified by Northern Ireland Parliament Act 1928) out of the Theology Department of Methodist College Belfast.
Edgehill is an affiliate college of the Queen's University Belfast, and offers students registered with QUB - Institute of Theology, study at postgraduate level. Edgehill sponsors candidates to study on the Distance Learning, Foundation Degree in Theology for Ministry, BA in Theology for Ministry or Professional Certificate in Ministry through St John's College, Nottingham validated by the University of Chester.
As part of its reconciliation initiatives, in association with Mater Dei Institute of Education(Dublin City University) and the Society of Missions to Africa, Edgehill facilitates the "Exploring Theology Together" programme, which is supported by the European Regional Development Fund.
The Methodist Historical Society in Ireland holds a large archive of documents, particularly relating to the rise of Methodism in Ireland in the 18th century. This includes rare documents of a demographic nature, memoirs, and letters, all of which are storied in a temperature controlled room.

</doc>
<doc id="20026555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026555" title="Tyler Pizarro">
Tyler Pizarro

Tyler Pizarro (born May 8, 1986 in Bolton, Ontario) is a Canadian Champion jockey in Thoroughbred horse racing based at Woodbine Racetrack in Toronto.
The son of former jockey Jorge Pizarro, his mother Donna is a trainer at Woodbine Racetrack. As a boy, Pizarro began galloping horses on a farm then by age sixteen was dedicated to following in his father's footsteps and was galloping horses on a track. Turning professional in late 2005, he earned his first win on September 2, 2006 and in 2007 won 124 races at Woodbine Racetrack, more than any other apprentice jockey. His 2007 performance earned him the Sovereign Award for Outstanding Apprentice Jockey and was a finalist for the United States' Eclipse Award for Outstanding Apprentice Jockey.
On October 25, 2008, Pizarro earned his first Grade II win with a victory aboard Lauro in the Sky Classic Stakes.

</doc>
<doc id="20026561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026561" title="Ridgley Methodist Episcopal Church">
Ridgley Methodist Episcopal Church

Ridgley Methodist Episcopal Church, constructed in 1921, is a one-story frame church on the north side of Central Avenue in Landover, Prince George's County, Maryland. The church was founded in 1871 and a cemetery begun in 1892. It served as the spiritual and social center of the formerly rural African American farming community of Ridgley.
The gable-front church consists of a 1921 block on the south and a small 1940s extension on the north. The church was moved from its original location to its current location in 1990. In 2002, the church suffered a fire that destroyed the original plaster. The cemetery has about 20 mostly hand carved gravestones with flower and vine motif, arranged in orderly rows and grouped by families. The stones date from the 1910s to the 1940s. It is currently home to New Rock Church.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20026562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026562" title="Brewster House">
Brewster House

Brewster House may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20026582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026582" title="Peter Vogel (actor)">
Peter Vogel (actor)

Peter Vogel (22 March 1937 – 21 September 1978) was a German film actor. He appeared in 66 films between 1954 and 1978.
He was born in Munich, Germany and died in Vienna, Austria, after committing suicide. His father was the actor Rudolf Vogel.

</doc>
<doc id="20026594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026594" title="Kamachi Akimori">
Kamachi Akimori

He served under Ōtomo Sōrin.
He was known as a skilled commander in the battle and also considered to be one of the pillars for the Otomo house serving in all their major campaigns.
On 1578, Otomo Yoshishige attacked the Shimazu clan and Yamada Arinobu gathered 500 troops to hold ground at Taka Castle. He managed to defend the castle and this led to a decline in the morale of the Otomo troops. In the Battle of Mimigawa that followed, the Shimazu army defeated Otomo, who retreated under heavy losses. Kamachi Akimori died in the battle.

</doc>
<doc id="20026599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026599" title="Keith Muspratt">
Keith Muspratt

Keith Knox Muspratt MC, born 22 December 1897 in Bournemouth, England and educated at Sherborne School, was a First World War flying ace in the Royal Flying Corps with eight victories to his name. 
Keith Muspratt was a doctor's son from Bournemouth, Hampshire.
Learning to fly while still at Sherborne School, Muspratt joined the RFC and became an instructor before joining No. 56 Squadron in May 1917. During his service he was credited with eight victories ( 1 captured, 4 destroyed, 1 and 2 shared 'out of control'). His first claim was flying Sopwith-built SE.5 No. A4861, against an Albatros D.III that he helped to force down out of control on 24 May 1917. He added a second out-of-control victory on the 28th, while flying SE.5 No. A8913. On 17 July, he shared another OOC victory flying A8913.
He switched to SE.5 No. 8944, and scored decisively three times in August. Then, on 23 September, he participated in one of the epic air battles of World War I. Werner Voss fought patrols from No. 60 Squadron RFC, and B Flight of 56 Squadron, included Muspratt. During Voss's single-handed battle, he damaged two No. 60 squadron aircraft such that they withdrew from the fight. He also holed the radiator of Muspratt's plane and riddled the wings of another 56 aircraft. Voss finally succumbed to bullets from Arthur Rhys Davids.
Muspratt destroyed two more German planes in October. After his final victory, he was withdrawn from battle and assigned to Home Establishment as a test pilot at Martlesham Heath.
He was awarded the Military Cross on 7 March 1918. He held the rank of captain at the time of his death in a plane crash on 16 March 1918.
Military Cross citation.
T./2nd Lt. Keith Knox Muspratt, Gen. List and R.F.C.
For conspicuous gallantry and devotion to duty. He showed great initiative throughout the offensive operations, and seldom failed to become engaged with enemy aircraft when on offensive patrol. He destroyed several hostile machines. He took part in over forty offensive patrols, the majority of which entailed very severe fighting at low altitudes under heavy fire, and he set a magnificent example by his skill, gallantry, and initiative.
Supplement to the London Gazette, 7 March 1918(30561/2927)

</doc>
<doc id="20026600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026600" title="Godmanchester railway station">
Godmanchester railway station

Godmanchester railway station was a railway station situated in the village of Godmanchester in Huntingdonshire, England.
The station was situated on the Huntingdon to St Ives line of the Great Eastern Railway. It was opened in 1847 and finally closed to freight traffic in 1962. It has since been demolished.
At first the station was called Huntingdon Station until the line was extended into Huntingdon when it was renamed Godmanchester Station.

</doc>
<doc id="20026623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026623" title="Armenia–Bulgaria relations">
Armenia–Bulgaria relations

Armenian-Bulgarian relations are foreign relations between Armenia and Bulgaria. Both countries have diplomatic relations since 1992. Armenia has an embassy in Sofia. Since December 19, 1999, Bulgaria has an embassy in Yerevan. Both countries are full members of the Organization of the Black Sea Economic Cooperation. 
There are around 30,000 people of Armenian descent living in Bulgaria.

</doc>
<doc id="20026632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026632" title="Carl Hite">
Carl Hite

Dr. Carl Hite is the current President of Cleveland State Community College. He received his Bachelors degree from Florida State University, and his Doctorate of Philosophy in Higher Education Administration from the University of Florida.[http://www.sptimes.com/2004/10/03/Hernando/Division_clear_on_chi.shtml]

</doc>
<doc id="20026633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026633" title="Well known">
Well known

Well known or Well-known is a phrase use in several technical contexts:

</doc>
<doc id="20026637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026637" title="List of Knight's Cross recipients 22nd Volunteer cavalry Division Maria Theresia">
List of Knight's Cross recipients 22nd Volunteer cavalry Division Maria Theresia

The 22nd SS Volunteer Cavalry Division "Maria Theresia". was a German Waffen SS cavalry division which saw action on the Eastern Front during the Second World War. The "Maria Theresia" was composed primarily of Hungarian Volksdeutsche.
The bulk of the soldiers were Hungarian Army volksdeutsche conscripts, transferred to the Waffen-SS following an agreement between Germany and Hungary. The division was organized in absolute secrecy; this led many of the new recruits to incorrectly assume that they were part of Adolf Hitler's much vaunted Wunderwaffe program.
The division was designated 22nd SS Volunteer Cavalry Division "Maria Theresia".. The title referred to Maria Theresa from the House of Habsburg, who had ruled Austria, Hungary and Bohemia in the 18th century. The symbol of the division, a cornflower, is emblazoned on the divisional shield. It was adopted as it was the favourite flower of Empress Maria Theresa.
The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross and its higher grades were based on four separate enactments. The first enactment "Reichsgesetzblatt I S. 1573" of September 1, 1939 instituted the Iron Cross and the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. As the war progressed some of the recipients distinguished themselves further and a higher grade, the Oak Leaves to Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was instituted. The Oak Leaves, as they were commonly referred to, were based on the enactment "Reichsgesetzblatt I S. 849" of June 3, 1940. In 1941 two higher grades of the Knight's Cross were instituted. The enactment "Reichsgesetzblatt I S. 613" of September 28, 1941 introduced the Knight’s Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves and Swords and the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves, Swords and Diamonds. At the end of 1944 the last and final grade, the Knight's Cross with Golden Oak Leaves, Swords, and Diamonds, based on the enactment "Reichsgesetzblatt 1945 I S. 11" of December 29, 1944 concluded the variants of the Knight's Cross.
Prerequisites.
To qualify for the Knight's Cross, a soldier had to already hold the 1939 Iron Cross First Class, though the Iron Cross I Class was awarded concurrently with the Knight's Cross in rare cases.
Unit commanders could also be awarded the medal for exemplary conduct by the unit as a whole.
Grades.
The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was divided into five grades, excluding the Grand Cross of the Iron Cross:

</doc>
<doc id="20026639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026639" title="Simple Things (Carole King album)">
Simple Things (Carole King album)

Simple Things is an album by American singer-songwriter Carole King, released in 1977. It is her first album on the Avatar / Capitol label.
Track listing.
All tracks written by Carole King, except as noted below.
Personnel.
Production notes

</doc>
<doc id="20026668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026668" title="God Is an Astronaut (album)">
God Is an Astronaut (album)

God Is an Astronaut is the self-titled fourth studio album by Irish post-rock band God Is an Astronaut and was released on November 7, 2008. The band announced the album through their MySpace blog in October 2008. The single "No Return" was released as download-only via their website in late December, 2007. The album art is an original painting by Dave King, titled 'Phoenix Affect Icy November'.

</doc>
<doc id="20026669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026669" title="Yasuaki Okamoto">
Yasuaki Okamoto


</doc>
<doc id="20026683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026683" title="Euro Truck Simulator">
Euro Truck Simulator

Euro Truck Simulator is a 2008 truck simulation game created by SCS Software, using OpenGL, set in Europe. The player can drive across a depiction of Europe, visiting its cities, picking up a variety of cargos, and delivering them. Over 300,000 copies of the game have been sold in Europe. Its followup, Euro Truck Simulator 2, was released in 2012. 
Gameplay.
Players choose their starting country, from Austria, Belgium, Czech Republic, France, Germany, Italy, Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Spain, Switzerland and the United Kingdom (V1.2 & V1.3 only). Initially players only have access to their starting country, except if it contains less than three cities. In this case one or more adjacent countries will be accessible as well. For example, starting the game in Italy or Switzerland, you get connection to the other for free. Then, players choose their first truck with a budget of €100,000.
After this, players can start taking jobs from various fictitious companies and delivering cargo to various cities in their starting country to earn money. This money can then be spent on a new truck, upgrading the current truck, expanding the business to other countries and obtaining a license to drive flammables and chemicals.
Trucks.
The game features European truck models with working instruments such as flashing indicators, temperature and low fuel warning lights, wipers, and gauges. The trucks included are the Mercedes-Benz Actros (known as Majestic), the Renault Magnum (known as Runner), the Scania R-series (known as Swift) and the Volvo FH16 (known as Valiant).
Release.
Version 1.0 of the game was shipped to stores in Germany on August 6, 2008. The release date for this version in Poland was August 20 and in the UK, August 29. 
Version 1.3, with improved DirectX compatibility, was released in the UK on CD by Excalibur Publishing and as an online-download, but is not available on CD from the other countries' respective publishers. This version was expanded to include the UK (cities of London, Manchester and Newcastle), a Dover-Calais ferry, plus more roads in Germany and Poland.
Patch History.
On October 10, 2008, SCS Software released teaser shots of their first patch (v1.2). The shots include pictures of more local roads in Germany and Poland, as well as a UK addition to the game. The release date of the update, although only available if the full game is purchased, was April 15, 2009, and it is being marketed as 'Euro Truck Simulator Gold Edition', by publisher Rondomedia.
A free patch containing the Gold Edition contents (v1.3) was released on April 17, 2009. A patch for those with the Trymedia online download version of the game was released on the official Euro Truck Simulator website on April 18, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20026701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026701" title="Transocean Tours">
Transocean Tours

Transocean Tours is a German cruise line that operates three ocean-going cruise ships in the German and British markets and five river cruise ships in Germany. The company was formed in 1954 and first began operating cruises in 1972, using ships chartered from the Soviet Union-based Baltic Shipping Company.
History.
Transocean Tours Turistik was formed in West Germany in 1954. In 1967 the company became the West German agents of the Soviet Union-based Baltic Shipping Company, marketing cruises on the and "MS Estonia". In 1972 Transocean Tours chartered the "Estonia" for full-time German market cruising. She was subsequently followed by several ships, including river cruise ships, chartered from both the Baltic Shipping Company and the Black Sea Shipping Company. Until the 1990s the chartered ships retained their Soviet funnel colours even when in Transocean service. Following the collapse of the Soviet Union the company begun chartering ships from other companies, starting with MS Calypso in 1994. At the same ships in Transocean service started to be painted in the company's white/blue livery.
Between 1997 and 2001, the company fleet consisted of just two ships, the ocean-going cruise ship and the river cruise ship RMS Moldavia. In 2001, the river cruise ship MS Ukraina re-joined the fleet, followed by the "Astor"s near-sister in 2002. Another river cruise ship joined the fleet in 2005, while was chartened in 2006 for British-market cruising. In 2008 the "Arielle" was replaced by .
In 2008, Transocean Tours stated the charter of the "Astoria" would be terminated in 2009, and that the company are looking for another ship to replace her. At present (as of July 2009) the liner is in the Coaling Island port of Gibraltar.
On 4 September 2010, Transocean Tours announced that the Germany-based line will be going through a restructuring. This restructuring is also known in the U.S. as Chapter 11 Bankruptcy.

</doc>
<doc id="20026704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026704" title="Armenia–Denmark relations">
Armenia–Denmark relations

Armenia–Denmark relations refers to the current and historical relations between Armenia and Denmark. Armenia has an embassy in Copenhagen, and Denmark is represented in Armenia, through its embassy in Kiev, Ukraine. Diplomatic relations were established on 14 January 1992. The current Armenian Ambassador to Denmark is Hrachya Aghajanyan. In 2008, the Armenian Foreign Minister Eduard Nalbandyan called the relations between Armenia and Denmark "friendly" and "highly appreciating". In 2013 Amstream was founded as an independent non-political and non-profit organization in order to initiate means of collaboration and partnerships between Armenia and Scandinavia within business, education and culture.
History.
Mercantile relations between Armenia and Denmark date back to 1568, when Armenian traveler and writer Pirzade Ghap'anets'i visited Denmark.
1800s.
During the Hamidian massacres against the Armenian civilians, the government of Denmark condemned the massacres, and sharply protested against the Ottoman Empire. The famous Danish scholar and critic Georg Brandes commented on the massacres and wrote a book about the Armenians in 1903.
1900s.
Danish missionaries were active in Armenia from at least the 19th century. According to Danish historian Matthias Bjornlund, missionary, Karen Jeppe can be counted as Denmark's first ever aid worker. This was because she largely refrained from preaching protestant doctrine to the Orthodox Armenians, instead concentrating on achieving humanitarian development objectives, such as improving education and performing rescue operations to free captured Armenian women.
Unusually for European workers at the time, in the years leading up to World War I Jeppe along with other Danish individuals and organisations also pushed for international recognition of Armenians right to self determination. Armenia was granted independence shortly after World War I at the Treaty of Sèvres. However the new state, Wilsonian Armenia, was not officially recognised by Turkey or the USA, as President Woodrow Wilson, weakened by a stroke and without his political fixer Colonel House, was defeated in the Senate by the power plays of Henry Cabot Lodge. By 1921 the temporary Armenian republic had collapsed under military pressure from the Young Turks. Jeppe and other Danes returned from Denmark to the region to continue their work on behalf of the Armenians. Their work included the establishment of the first ever Armenian agricultural village in Syria to provide a livelihood for displaced Armenians, settlements established by Jeppe and her helpers were noted for their prosperity in comparison to other camps that took in Armenians.
In November 1920, Denmark accepted the League of Nations offer to act as a mediator in the war between the Democratic Republic of Armenia and the Turkish nationalists under Mustafa Kemal.
After the 1988 Spitak earthquake in Armenia, Denmark donated aid to Armenia.
Modern Armenia.
Since the modern state of Armenia gained independence in 1991, the two countries have worked to build ties, with both government and NGOs playing a role. According to the Danish Ministry of Foreign Affairs, civil society agencies such as "Mission Ost", the "Danish Armenian Mission" and the "Danish Society for the Caucasus Research" have been active in developing the bilateral relationship. In 2003, 100 illegal Armenian immigrants lived in Denmark, and was a subject for return to Armenia, in the negotiations between the two governments. In 2004, Armenia's President Robert Kocharyan discussed the developing relationship with the Danish Ambassador, conceding much work remained to be done. Both parties emphasised the importance of enhanced economic cooperation. In a 2009 diplomatic meeting with Denmark's new ambassador, Armenia's President Serzh Sargsyan expressed a desire to further deepen their bilateral relationship, suggesting specific areas for increased cooperation such as agricultural and energy efficiency, where Denmark has considerable expertise. Both countries signed a double tax agreement to strengthen economic relations. Both countries signed an air service agreement in 2000. Armenia and Denmark signed a "Readmission of persons with unauthorized stay" agreement in April 2003.
Armenian Genocide.
Sources from various Danish workers active in Armenia during the early twentieth century have been used by Matthias Bjornlund to offer new perspectives on the Armenian Genocide. The Danish government does not however officially recognise that the mass killings of Armenians should be classed as a Genocide, saying the judgement of whether to do so is a matter for historians.
In an open letter by the "Danish Department for Holocaust and Genocide Studies and the denial and relativization of the Armenian genocide", historians Torben Jorgensen and Matthias Bjornlund wrote:
"When it comes to the historical reality of the Armenian genocide, there is no “Armenian” or “Turkish” side of the “question,” any more than there is a “Jewish” or a “German” side of the historical reality of the Holocaust: There is a scientific side, and an unscientific side acknowledgment or denial. In the case of the denial of the Armenian genocide, it is even founded on a massive effort of falsification, distortion, cleansing of archives, and direct threats initiated or supported by the Turkish state, making any “dialogue” with Turkish deniers highly problematic."
Development.
In the second phase of the Neighborhood Program, Armenia has a high priority. The Neighborhood Program helps Armenia with rural and economic development.
In 2004, Denmark signed an agreement to assist Armenia implementing the Clean Development Mechanism (CDM) protocol and help reduce their emission of greenhouse gasses. The agreement came into force in March 2005. In 2006, Denmark assisted Armenia with 10 million DKK, for the disabled Armenian children.
Denmark sent observers through the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe to Armenia in 2007, and provided 16 million DKK to Armenia's renewable energy project. Denmark also sent aid to Armenia after the humanitarian consequences of the Nagorno-Karabakh War.
In 2008, the two countries signed an agreement, promoting growth and employment in poor areas. Denmark provided 30 million DKK to the project, and 29 million DKK to the private sector and education. In September 2008, Denmark assisted Armenia, Georgia and Ukraine with 50 million DKK, for the private sector programme. In June 2011, Denmark assisted Armenia with 4,7 million DKK to a programme of International Fund for Agricultural Development for the farms in Armenia.
Trade.
Danish exports to Armenia in 2008 was 30.6 million DKK, while Denmark's import from Armenia, was 5 million DKK.
High level visits.
In April 2003, Armenian Minister of Territorial Administration Hovik Abrahamyan visited Denmark. In August 2004, Danish Minister of Foreign Affairs Per Stig Møller visited Armenia. In 2005, Denmark invited Armenian President Robert Kocharyan to the NATO Parliamentary Assembly 51st annual session in Copenhagen, but refused because Denmark also invited Turkish Premier Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan.
On 24 November 2011, the Armenian Foreign Minister Eduard Nalbandyan visited Denmark for a meeting with the Danish Foreign Minister Villy Søvndal. Nalbandyan also thanked Denmark for the Danish assistance for the aftermath in the Spitak earthquake and in Armenia's progress since independence. Nalbandyan attended the opening of the new Armenian embassy in Denmark and stressed that: "Raising the Armenian flag in the capital of Denmark, we demonstrate our willingness to raise our bilateral relations to a new level."

</doc>
<doc id="20026714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026714" title="Armenia–Japan relations">
Armenia–Japan relations

Armenia and Japan established diplomatic relations on September 7, 1992.
Armenia's President Robert Kocharyan paid an official visit to Japan on December 2001, holding meetings with Japan's Emperor and Prime Minister. He announced that the nation was planning to set up an embassy in Tokyo as soon as possible. Armenia opened its Embassy in Tokyo on July 7, 2010. Japan is represented in Armenia through its embassy in Moscow (Russia).

</doc>
<doc id="20026723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026723" title="Hironobu Haga">
Hironobu Haga


</doc>
<doc id="20026733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026733" title="Armenia–Romania relations">
Armenia–Romania relations

Armenia–Romania relations are the international contacts between Armenia and Romania. Both countries established diplomatic relations on December 17, 1991. Armenia has an embassy in Bucharest; Romania has an embassy in Yerevan. Both countries are full members of the Organization of the Black Sea Economic Cooperation.
There are around 3,000 people of Armenian descent living in Romania. Modern relationships between Armenia and Romania are rooted in part in the modern history of the Armenian people: after the Armenian genocide of 1915, Romania was the first state to officially provide political asylum to refugees from the area; and when in October 2007 the President of Armenia, Serzh Sargsyan, received the delegation headed by the Romanian Minister of National Defense, Teodor Meleșcanu, he "noted that the Armenian-Romanian friendship was deeply rooted in history and it was not by accident that Romania was the first State to recognize the independence of the Republic Armenia."

</doc>
<doc id="20026744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026744" title="37th Flying Training Squadron">
37th Flying Training Squadron

The 37th Flying Training Squadron is part of the 14th Flying Training Wing based at Columbus Air Force Base, Mississippi. It operates T-6 Texan II aircraft conducting flight training.
The squadron was first established as the 37th Pursuit Squadron and activated in January 1941. As the 37th Fighter Squadron it saw combat during World War II in the Mediterranean and European Theaters, and was awarded a Distinguished Unit Citation for action over Austria in 1944. It was inactivated after war's end in 1945.
The squadron was active with Air Defense Command in the northeastern United States from 1946 to 1949. Originally equipped with propeller fighters, it became one of the first units equipped with the Republic F-84 Thunderjet.
As the "37th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron"', the unit once again was assigned the mission of defending the northeastern United States from 1952 to 1960.
The squadron has conducted flying training since 1972 as the 37th Flying Training Squadron.
Mission.
Forging Military Pilots, Honing Warrior Leaders.
The 37th Flying Training Squadron conducts primary flight training in the T-6 Texan II. Seated with an instructor, each student receives about 81 hours of training in this aircraft. Students learn basic aircraft characteristics and control, takeoff and landing techniques, aerobatics, and night, instrument and formation flying. The 37th Flying Training Squadron is currently commanded by Lt Col Cheryl Ingber.
History.
World War II.
The 37th conducted air defense in the northwestern U.S. between 7 and 24 December 1941 then went on to fly combat missions in the European Theater of Operations and the Mediterranean Theater of Operations from 6 May 1943 to 4 May 1945. 
The squadron was first activated as the 37th Pursuit Squadron in January 1941 at Hamilton Field, California. as one of the original squadrons of the 55th Pursuit Group. It moved to Portland Airport, Oregon in early June 1941. The squadron trained with Republic P-43 Lancers until it received Lockheed P-38 Lightnings It deployed to Paine Field, Washington to fly patrols on the west coast of the US after the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor. 
The squadron converted to Lightnings in 1942. In February 1943 it was detached from its parent group and deployed to North Africa, where it was assigned to the 14th Fighter Group the following month. The 14th group had temporarily withdrawn from combat, with some of its men and planes being reassigned to the 1st and 82d Fighter Groups.
The squadron began combat operations in May, after being re-equipped with the P-38F and some P-38Gs. Already prior to the Axis defeat in Tunisia, the Northwest African Air Forces had begun preparations for the invasion of Sicily. The 37th flew dive-bombing missions during the Allied assault on Pantelleria. It helped prepare for and support the invasions of Sicily and Italy. 
The unit became part of Fifteenth Air Force in November 1943, and moved to Triolo Airfield, Italy. It engaged primarily in escort work flying missions to cover bombers engaged in long-range operations against strategic objectives in Italy, France, Germany, Czechoslovakia, Austria, Hungary, Yugoslavia, Rumania, and Bulgaria. On 2 April 1944, the squadron earned a Distinguished Unit Citation for beating off attacks by enemy fighters while escorting bombers attacking ball-bearing and aircraft production facilities at Steyr, Austria, enabling the bombers to strike their targets.
The squadron provided escort for reconnaissance operations, supported the invasion of Southern France in August 1944, and on numerous occasions flew long-range missions to strafe and dive-bomb motor vehicles, trains, bridges, supply areas, airdromes, and troop concentrations in an area extending from France to the Balkans. The 37th Fighter Squadron was inactivated in Italy on 9 September 1945. During its time in combat the 37th Fighter Squadron was credited with destroying 49.5 enemy aircraft in air to air combat.
Cold War air defense.
Operations from Dow Air Force Base.
The squadron was once more activated in the US on 20 November 1946 at Dow Field, Maine as part of the First Air Force of Air Defense Command (ADC). The squadron was one of the first opertaional units assigned to ADC.
The 37th was initially equipped with Republic P-47N Thunderbolts and later with first generation P-84B Thunderjets. It was responsible for air defense of the Northeastern United States. In 1947, the units's parent group became the first in the AAF to equip with the P-84. 
The 37th's mission was daylight and fair weather defense of northeast United States from New York City north to the Maine/New Brunswick border, shared with 52d Fighter Group (All-Weather) at Mitchel AFB, New York which flew F-82 Twin Mustangs for night and inclement weather operations. The squadron was inactivated on 2 October 1949 due to budget cutbacks. 
Operations from Ethan Allen Air Force Base.
In late 1952, the squadron, now designated the 37th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron, was again activated under ADC and assigned to the 4711th Defense Wing. It was stationed at Ethan Allen Air Force Base, Vermont, where it replaced the federalized 134th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron, which was returned to the control of the Vermont Air National Guard. The 37th took over the personnel, mission, and World War II era North American F-51D Mustang aircraft of the inactivating 134th. The squadron was tasked with defending the New England area against the threat of manned bomber attacks.
In February 1953 the squadron converted to airborne intercept radar equipped and HVAR rocket armed North American F-86D Sabres. In the same month, ADC reorganized its dispersed fighter units, combining the fighter squadrons with support units into air defense groups. As a result of this reorganization, the 517th Air Defense Group was formed at Ethan Allen and the squadron was assigned to it.
in August 1955 ADC implemented Project Arrow, which was designed to bring back on the active list the fighter units that had compiled memorable records in the two world wars. As part of this project, the squadron's headquarters of World War II was reactivated. The 14th Fighter Group (Air Defense) assumed the mission, personnel, and equipment of the 517th Air Defense Group, which was simultaneously inactivated. The squadron upgraded to AIM-4 Falcon armed F-102 Delta Daggers in December 1957. These aircraft were supersonic and equipped with data link for interception control through the Semi-Automatic Ground Environment system. In June 1960, the Air Force terminated its active duty presence at Ethan Allen and the squadron and its parent group were inactivated.
Pilot Training.
In 1972 Air Training Command began to replace its Major Command Controlled (MAJCON) flying training units with Air Force Controlled (AFDCON) units. Unlike MAJCON units, which could not carry a permanent history or lineage, AFCON units can continue the lineage and history of earlier units. The squadron was redesignated the 37th Flying Training Squadron and absorbed the mission, personnel, and equipment of the 3650th Pilot Training Squadron which was inactivated. The 37th has provided Undergraduate Pilot Training since 1 June 1972. It presently conducts primary flight training in the T-6 Texan II. Students receive about 81 hours of training in this aircraft. Students learn basic aircraft characteristics and control, takeoff and landing techniques, aerobatics, and night, instrument and formation flying. 
References.
Bibliography.
Further reading

</doc>
<doc id="20026764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026764" title="Joss McKinley">
Joss McKinley

Joss McKinley (born 1981, Oxford, England) is an artist living and working in London.
McKinley studied at Central Saint Martins, graduating in 2003 and undertook his MA Photography at the London College of Communication later that year.
In 2007 McKinley was in a group show entitled 'Between Today & Yesterday' at the Turnpike Gallery, Leigh, with contemporary photographers Idris Khan, Martin Parr, Hannah Starkey and Richard Billingham. He had his first solo show in London in early 2008 at the Exhibit Gallery in Clerkenwell, London. As one of the 30 short-listed artists for the 2008 Sovereign European Art Prize, his work was exhibited at Somerset House in October. A selection of his portraits has been acquired by the National Portrait Gallery, London, for their permanent collection.
McKinley also works on photographic commissions for various worldwide publications including The Saturday & Sunday Telegraph, The Sunday Independent, The Wire and Wallpaper.

</doc>
<doc id="20026777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026777" title="Neil Stam">
Neil Stam

Neil Stam (born January 7, 1942 in Hackensack, New Jersey) is a retired U.S. soccer defender who was a member of the U.S. Olympic soccer team at the 1972 Summer Olympics.
Stam attended Springfield College where he played on the men’s soccer team from 1960 to 1963. He graduated in 1964 with a degree in sports physiology. In 1988, Springfield inducted Stam into its Athletic Hall of Fame. His career between 1964 and 1967 is unknown, but that year, he began playing with the U.S. Olympic Soccer Team as it began qualification for the finals. Stam was captain of the team which was unsuccessful in reaching the tournament. He returned to the Olympic team in 1971. This time, it was successful in reaching the 1972 Olympic Tournament where Stam played all three U.S. games. The U.S. went 0-2-1. When he went to the 1972 Olympics, Stam was listed as playing for the German-American Football Club with an unknown league affiliation. He had also played for the Paterson Dovers. He currently lives on Long Island where he teaches physical education and coaches the boy’s soccer and baseball teams at Centereach High School.

</doc>
<doc id="20026780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026780" title="European Scout Federation (British Association)">
European Scout Federation (British Association)

The European Scout Federation (British Association) is a Traditional Scouting organisation. It is a part of the other Scouting in the United Kingdom. Original test work set out by Robert Baden-Powell is still used. The original uniform is still evident today, broad brimmed hats, khaki shirts and shorts, making the wearer instantly recognisable as a Scout.
History.
The European Scout Federation (British Association) is one of the organisations that founded the CES after leaving the Fédération du Scoutisme Européen (FSE), later renamed to the Union Internationale des Guides et Scouts d'Europe, 
The Badge of the Association consists of a gold fleur-de-Lys on a red Cross Pattée, with a blue background, the old badge of the FSE.
Membership.
Total Membership in 2011: 459

</doc>
<doc id="20026785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026785" title="Relegation Play-Off 2007–08">
Relegation Play-Off 2007–08

The Libyan Relegation Play-off was contested between the three second-placed teams in the 3 groups in the 2007–08 Libyan Second Division: Wefaq Sabratha (Group A), Al Mustaqbal (Group B), and Al Sawa'ed (Group C) and the 13th placed team in the 2007–08 Libyan Premier League, which was Al Tahaddy. The four sides played each other once at neutral venues. The side that finished top would be promoted to the LPL, while if Al Tahaddy finished top, they would retain their place in the top flight.
The Play-Off was contested from July 28, 2008 to August 6, 2008. Wefaq Sabratha won the Play-Off on goal difference from Al Sawa'ed, therefore gaining promotion to the 2008–09 Libyan Premier League, and so Al Tahaddy were relegated.
Table.
Match Details.
Round 1.
"All Times EET"

</doc>
<doc id="20026790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026790" title="Frederick Lee Bridell">
Frederick Lee Bridell

Frederick Lee Bridell (baptised 5 December 1830 – died 20 August 1863) was a popular painter of 19th century Britain, initially as a Portrait artist, gaining favour with luminaries such as Elizabeth Barrett Browning who entertained Bridell and his wife (Eliza F Bridell-Fox, a fellow artist), for their wedding meal at Bocca di Leone, Rome in 1859. 
His early professional career was as an apprentice to a picture dealer (Edwin Holder) who had him copying pictures by Old Masters although he also funded his education abroad.
Early Life & Influence.
Frederick Bridell was the third child, and only son, of John Bridle, carpenter, and Amelia (formerly Bartlett), living in Houndwell. He received basic schooling and left at an early age in order to earn a living. We learn from Henry Rose, that he was drawing avidly and ‘writing verse’ from the age of nine. Rose, in two letters to the Southampton Times in 1888, provided detail of Bridell’s early years and his subsequent apprenticeship to a picture restorer, Edwin Holder.
At the age of eighteen years, William Bridle, had taken up portrait painting and was signing his work, Frederick Lee Bridell. One of the earliest portraits (Southampton Art Gallery coll.) was of Henry Rose, and this was shown to Edwin Holder who recognised his talent.
Bridell took up residence with Holder’s family near Bray in Berkshire. From here he submitted his first work to the Royal Academy in 1851 entitled A Bit in Berkshire. Two years later he went to the Continent.
After a short period in Paris, where he copied works in the Louvre, he established himself in Munich. Here he became influenced by the Dutch school, copying works by Cuyp, Van der Velde and Berchem.
He was inspired by the mountainous landscape of the Tyrol, and its wooded valleys. Returning to England in 1855, he completed works from his sketches abroad and completed numerous commissions for the well-to-do of Southampton. He began to exhibit at the Royal Academy, the British Institution and the Liverpool Academy.
Within two years, the artist had acquired a patron, James Wolff, a shipping magnate of Bevois Mount. Wolff established a Bridell gallery at his home and allowed visitors to view the paintings. Bridell set up his studio at Highfield Lodge and began a large work The Temple of Venus (90x60ins). 
The essence of Bridell’s work is the depiction of vastness in nature, large areas of landscape within which light moves through the scene, highlighting form and shadow. In his subjects, Bridell was much influenced by Turner, but he remained true to his own style. The Temple of Venus, Bridell hoped would one day hang between the Turners and Claudes in the National Gallery. The present location of this work is unknown, last appearing at auction in 1913.
Italian Period.
Freed from financial constraint, Bridell was able to travel to Italy in the autumn of 1858. He set up a studio in Rome, near the Spanish Steps,in December of that year. There are entertaining descriptions of life in the city at this time, written by Nathaniel Hawthorne. Both he and his wife were interested in the culture and art and wrote details of their visits in French and Italian Notebooks. In Rome in 1859, Bridell met and married Eliza Fox, an artist, and the daughter of an MP, William Johnson Fox. She was known to influential writers and thinkers of the time, and Robert Browning, ‘gave her away’ at the ceremony. The newly wedded couple had their ‘wedding dinner’ at the Browning’s apartment in Bocca di Leone. Two days later they were both painting at their respective studios.
Bridell, freed from the deprivation of his early years, embarked on his most prolific period. In Italy, he completed monumental works inspired by the landscape near Rome. It was however, in the vicinity of the Italian Lakes that he was most inspired to paint. Driven by his all consuming desire to record the grand vistas before him, he ignored the illness that was taking hold of his body. Returning to England in 1863, he died in Kensington in August of that year and was buried in Brompton Cemetery. He was outlived by both parents and a sister.
The following year, possibly for financial reasons, Wolff sent his Bridell Gallery to Christie’s. The sale on 27/2/1864 included the following which were never to be seen together again.
Writing Bridell’s obituary, Sir Theodore Martin stated 
‘Had he lived,he must have earned a European reputation; and numerous and fine as are the works he has left, his early death is, in the interests of Art, deeply to be deplored. We have only to add, that in manners Mr.Bridell was simple, amiable and modest. Firm without self-assertion, sincere without being obtrusive, we can believe he was beloved by his friends, as most certainly he was respected by those whose knowledge of him was comparatively slight’.

</doc>
<doc id="20026800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026800" title="1987 Miami Dolphins season">
1987 Miami Dolphins season

The 1987 Miami Dolphins season was the team's 22nd as a member of the National Football League. The Dolphins improved upon their previous season's output of 8–8, losing one fewer game. Despite the improvement the team failed to reach the playoffs.

</doc>
<doc id="20026806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026806" title="Jason W. Forrester">
Jason W. Forrester

Jason W. Forrester is an advisor on the needs of US armed services members returning from Iraq and Afghanistan. he was the Director of Policy/Co-Director of the National Guard Program at Veterans for America, the successor organization to the Nobel Peace Prize-winning Vietnam Veterans of America Foundation.
At Veterans for America (VFA), Forrester helps direct VFA’s bipartisan effort rebuilding the U.S. military, focusing on assisting the National Guard and improving post-combat care for service members with psychological and neurological wounds. He has testified before Congress 
Forrester has spent more than 10 years as a foreign policy analyst and advisor, including roles with the Brookings Institution and multiple presidential campaigns, including Gore-Lieberman, Wesley Clark’s presidential campaign and Kerry-Edwards. He was a member of the Obama-Biden national security policy teams and has advised various U.S. Senate and House races. He also served in the Senate and a Visiting Fellow at the Center for Strategic and International Studies.
Forrester received a Master of Arts in Law and Diplomacy from the Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy at Tufts University and a B.A. in Political Science, graduating cum laude from , who named him the Distinguished Young Alumnus in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20026808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026808" title="Shusuke Tsubouchi">
Shusuke Tsubouchi

Career statistics.
Last update: 11:32, 1 December 2012 (UTC)

</doc>
<doc id="20026812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026812" title="Nick Spaling">
Nick Spaling

Nick Spaling (born September 19, 1988) is a Canadian ice hockey player, currently playing for the Nashville Predators in the National Hockey League. He previously played three seasons with the Kitchener Rangers of the Ontario Hockey League (OHL). He shoots left and plays centre position. His favourite players are Joe Sakic and Doug Gilmour, and he was a fan of the Toronto Maple Leafs growing up.
Family.
Nick Spaling was born in Palmerston, Ontario but raised in nearby Drayton. His parents are Charles and Lorrie. He has three siblings: older sister Nicole, older brother Nathan, and younger sister Natasha. Nathan also played hockey as he was a standout Canadian University player with the UOIT Ridgebacks, as well as, he played with the Guelph Storm of the OHL.
Playing career.
Minor.
Spaling grew up playing most of his minor hockey for his hometown Drayton Defenders of the OMHA before playing high school hockey for Norwell District Secondary School at age 16.
He was undrafted by the Ontario Hockey League after his minor Midget season and signed as a free agent with the Listowel Cyclones Jr. B. club of the OHA.
After a solid season with the Cyclones, Spaling was chosen in the 6th round of 2005 OHL Priority Selection as a major midget-aged player by the Kitchener Rangers.
Junior.
Prior to playing in the OHL, Spaling played with the Listowel Cyclones of the Mid-Western Junior Hockey League. The Cyclones had won the league's Cherry Cup, despite placing seventh (of nine teams) in the regular season. This was the team's only league title in the MWJBHL, although they had won the 1976–77 title while in the Central Junior "C" Hockey League.
The Kitchener Rangers selected Spaling in the 6th round of the 2005 OHL Priority Draft, 118th overall. He played with the Rangers for the duration of his OHL career from 2005 to 2008. He was named the Kitchener Rangers' rookie of the year for the 2005–06 season.
In 2007, he played in the CHL Top Prospects Game. He also played for the OHL All-Stars in the 2007 ADT Canada-Russia Challenge; the OHL team was the only Canadian team to have won both games against the Russian team—the QMJHL and WHL teams both won and lost one game each. Spaling competed in the 2008 OHL All-Star Classic for the Western Conference All-Stars, scoring one goal.
He was named an alternate captain for his last season with the Rangers, the 2007–08 season. Spaling contributed greatly to the success of the Kitchener Rangers in the 2008 OHL playoffs. In 20 games he scored 30 points. At the 2008 Memorial Cup, he was tied in third in points with 8 points in 5 games. Spaling won the William Hanley Trophy in the 2007–08 season, awarded to the OHL's most sportsmanlike player.
Spaling was selected for Team Canada's junior training camp for the 2008 World Junior Ice Hockey Championships, but he was forced to return home early as he had been diagnosed with mononucleosis.
Professional.
Among North American skaters (non-goalie players), he was ranked 24th in the NHL Central Scouting final report for 2007; he was 30th in the mid-season rankings. At the 2007 NHL Entry Draft, Spaling was selected in the second round, 58th overall, by the Nashville Predators.
Spaling signed an entry-level contract with the Nashville Predators in the summer of 2008. The contract is reported to be a 3-year, $1.95 million contract. He attended the Predators' training camp and was later reassigned to the team's AHL affiliate, the Milwaukee Admirals. He began the 2008–09 AHL season playing for the Admirals wearing #13. After beginning the 2009–10 AHL season with Milwaukee, Spaling was recalled by Nashville. He played his first NHL game on December 15, 2009, and assisted on a goal by Ryan Jones in Nashville's 7–4 victory over the Tampa Bay Lightning. On December 13, 2010, he scored his first NHL goal in a 5 - 0 win against the New York Islanders.
On July 7, 2011, Spaling signed a two-year contract with the Nashville Predators.

</doc>
<doc id="20026820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026820" title="John McKager Stipanovich">
John McKager Stipanovich

John McKager Stipanovich (born 26 November 1948) is a Florida lobbyist of the Republican Party. He is best known for his part in the 2000 Florida election recount, where he advised Katherine Harris of how to proceed with the election. Stipanovich's nickname is "the Knife".
Portrayal in film.
Stipanovich is portrayed in the HBO film "Recount" by the actor Bruce McGill. The film, which had a broadcast premiere on May 25, 2008, chronicled the events in Florida during the presidential election lawsuits and appeals.
Legislative experience.
Stipanovich previously served as Chief of Staff to Florida Governor Bob Martinez from 1987 to 1991. After that, he served on Jeb Bush's gubernatorial campaign against Lawton Chiles.

</doc>
<doc id="20026824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026824" title="Goblinoid deities">
Goblinoid deities

In many campaign settings for the "Dungeons & Dragons" role-playing game, goblinoids worship a variety of deities. Each of the three main types of goblinoids (goblins, hobgoblins, and bugbears) each has its own pantheon of deities (or a single deity in the case of hobgoblins) that they worship.
Goblin deities.
Bargrivyek.
Bargrivyek is the goblin deity of cooperation and territory. He is known as the Peacekeeper because he tolerates no war between goblin tribes. However, he is not a gentle god and he desires to see goblins destroy their enemies, particularly orcs.
Khurgorbaeyag.
Khurgorbaeyag is the goblin deity of slavery, oppression, and morale. He acts as a trusted lieutenant of Maglubiyet, though he secretly harbors a desire to rule the goblin pantheon himself.
Stalker.
Stalker is the goblinoid deity of hate, death, and cold. Stalker is described as being opposed to all living things, and thus, has no true worshipers.
Bhuka deities.
Kikanuti.
Kikanuti is the goddess of the desert goblins, known as bhukas, in some campaign settings of the "Dungeons & Dragons" role-playing game. She is one of the rare good-aligned deities of the goblinoids. Bhukas believe that Kikanuti brought them forth from the Lower World, a great cavern that they call the Second Womb. She nurtures and protects them in the Upper World from more savage races and against the harsh desert environment.
Kikanuti appears most frequently as a bhuka woman with braids of corn, dressed in a brightly painted tunic. She also takes many other forms. Her symbol is a clay pot painted with a stylized bird.
Priestesses of the bhukas are called Grandmother. Her worshipers participate in ritual dances wearing masks.
Kikanuti and her followers are on unfriendly terms with the head of the goblin pantheon Maglubiyet. They believe that he enslaves his people and keeps them underground, cut off from the light and the joys of life. Kikanuti's holy weapon is a mace. 
Hobgoblin deities.
Nomog-Geaya.
Nomog-Geaya is the hobgoblin deity of war and authority. He is the patron deity of hobgoblins, but hobgoblins are also known to worship Maglubiyet. His symbol is a crossed longsword and handaxe.
Bugbear deities.
The bugbear pantheon is usually led by Hruggek, the god of violence and combat. The pantheon is primarily worshiped by bugbears, a race of savage humanoids described as goblinoids in the context of the game.
Publication history.
The bugbear pantheon is first mentioned in the first edition sourcebook "Deities and Demigods", which states that there are six deities in the bugbear pantheon, including gods of earth, death, fertility, hunting and fear. Despite this, only Hruggek is detailed, and is stated to be a lesser deity.
The second edition sourcebooks "On Hallowed Ground" and "Monster Mythology" feature Hruggek, Grankhul and Skiggaret as members of the bugbear pantheon. Hruggek is stated to be an intermediate deity in this edition.
Hruggek is featured in the third edition sourcebooks "Defenders of the Faith" and "Faiths and Pantheons". The revised third edition sourcebook "Fiendish Codex I: Hordes of the Abyss" briefly mentions Grankhul and Skiggaret. Hruggek is briefly mentioned in the "Complete Divine" sourcebook.
Hruggek is featured in the fourth edition "Forgotten Realms Campaign Guide", where he is presented as an evil exarch presiding over the sphere of ambush.
Grankhul.
Grankhul is the bugbear deity of hunting, senses, and surprise. Grankul's symbol is two eyes that are ever open in the darkness.
Hruggek.
Hruggek is the chief deity of bugbears, the deity of violence and combat. His symbol is a morningstar.
Skiggaret.
Skiggaret is the bugbear deity of fear. He is depicted as a half-mad being who roams the mortal world in his avatar form, a jet black bugbear with red lips, hands and feet. Skiggaret's symbol is a black claw.

</doc>
<doc id="20026826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026826" title="Ariel W/NG 350">
Ariel W/NG 350

The Ariel W/NG 350 is a motorcycle based on the well-proven Ariel Red Hunter singles built by Ariel Motorcycles for the British military, and designed by the firm's chief designer Val Page in 1932 around an engine he had developed six years earlier. Although the Ariel was not initially selected by the War Department, they were in great demand after the evacuation of Dunkirk when much of the British Army's materiel had been left behind.
Development.
On the outbreak of the Second World War, Ariel submitted the 1939 VA overhead valve single for evaluation against the War Office's Norton 16H. The 1939 W/VA 497cc side-valve single was also tested. Both performed well and Ariel developed the W/NG specifically for military use. This was a OHV single based on a Scottish six-day Trials winning model and went into production in 1940.
Although the French military immediately placed orders for the W/NG, the British War Office rated it as "fair – for use only in emergency purposes". Following the loss of equipment resulting from the evacuation of Dunkirk in May 1940 the "emergency purposes" became necessary, and Ariel turned over as many motorcycles as possible to the war effort, including converted civilian machines – many of which still carried an Ariel badge painted over with green or sand paint. VH & VG (500 OHV singles), NH & NG (350 OHV singles), and even the VB ( SV single) models were put into military service, although most were used for training and civil defence. The British Army, Royal Air Force, Admiralty, Ministry of Agriculture and Women's Land Army all used Ariel W/NG 350s.
Production.
W/NG motorcycles were supplied from 1940 to 1945 and featured dual triangular tool boxes, pannier frames for bags, rear carrying racks and headlamp masks. Rubber items were impossible to source from 1942 because of a shortage of rubber, therefore handgrips were made from canvas and footrests from steel. As the war progressed, aluminium also became scarce and pressed steel was used for the primary chaincase and timing covers. 
Post war.
After the war over 800 W/NG motorcycles were supplied to the Danish Army between 1946 and 1947. The remaining W/NGs that survived were mostly converted back into civilian specification for resale by dealers, so good examples of the military model are now rare.
An example attached to a sidecar appears in the film, "Nanny McPhee and the Big Bang". The motorcycle, ridden by the title character, also appeared in versions of the advertising poster upon release.

</doc>
<doc id="20026828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026828" title="Mimis Stefanidis">
Mimis Stefanidis

Mimis Stefanidis (Dimitris Stefanidis) is a former international professional basketball player.
Pro career.
He was a member of the Panellinios Basketball Club and its famous 1950s era Hrisi Pentada, or "The Golden Five" in English.
Greek national team.
He was also a member of the Greek national basketball team that competed at the 1951 European Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="20026842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026842" title="Naka River (Saitama Tokyo)">
Naka River (Saitama Tokyo)


</doc>
<doc id="20026843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026843" title="Kazumasa Uesato">
Kazumasa Uesato

Club career stats.
As of 6 January 2011

</doc>
<doc id="20026844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026844" title="Calabasas Pro Tennis Championships">
Calabasas Pro Tennis Championships

The Calabasas Pro Tennis Championships is a tennis tournament held in Calabasas, California, USA since 2001. The event is part of the ATP Challenger Tour and is played on outdoor hard courts. Former French Open champion Michael Chang won the event in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="20026849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026849" title="MTV Roadies">
MTV Roadies

MTV Roadies is a youth-based popular reality television show on MTV India. It is an Indian version of the show, Road Rules(1995). The auditions for Roadies X1 have begun and contrary to rumours, Raghu Ram is a part of the 11th season.
When asked about the show, executive producer said, ""Roadies" has travel, adventure, drama, touch of voyeurism...".
Auditions.
The auditions of this reality TV show are conducted by popular VJ's like Raghu Ram, Rannvijay Singh, Nikhil Chinapa and Rajiv Laxman.
The applicants are first asked to fill out a form and then attend a Group Discussion (GD). The form consists of basic questions regarding the applicant and includes some questions like "Why do you want to be a Roadie?" and "What is the greatest regret of your life?" etc.
Moderators watch the performance of all the applicants in this GD and then they shortlist some people who are called on the next day for the Personal Interview round.
This personal interview takes place with some of the above mentioned VJ's. These interviews are known to be intense and try to bring out the true nature of the participant. These interviews often have abusive language and the interviewers don't like applicants who have lied on the application form. The interviewers always stress on not lying in the application form and showing who they really are, instead of portraying a false personality in front of them.
Format.
The fifth season was the first time when an "Advantage task" was introduced. The winner of the "Advantage task" gets some advantage in the vote out, which may multiple votes or being the only one(s) to vote. There are also some "Karizma Tasks" which can also be one of the other tasks. By wi
goutam to motivate them and get the best out of them. They are also well known for their qualities in judging the interviewees and ability to motivate them with courage.

</doc>
<doc id="20026854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026854" title="One million (disambiguation)">
One million (disambiguation)

One million is the natural number following 999,999 and preceding 1,000,001.
One million may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20026867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026867" title="Francis Underhill">
Francis Underhill

Francis Underhill (16 May 1878 - 24 January 1943. was an Anglican bishop in the first half of the 20th century.
Underhill was educated at Shrewsbury School and Exeter College, Oxford. He was ordained in 1901 and was a curate at St Paul's Swindon and St Thomas the Martyr, Oxford and then Vicar of St Alban the Martyr, Birmingham until 1925. He was the first secretary of the Federation of Catholic Priests and from 1925 until 1932 he was Warden of Liddon House, and priest in charge of the Grosvenor Chapel, Mayfair when he was appointed Dean of Rochester, a position he held until his consecration to the episcopate as Bishop of Bath and Wells in 1937. An author, he was a cousin of Evelyn Underhill.

</doc>
<doc id="20026871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026871" title="Yasuhiro Hiraoka">
Yasuhiro Hiraoka

Career statistics.
Last update: 28 January 2010

</doc>
<doc id="20026877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026877" title="Radhi-O">
Radhi-O

Mohd Radhi bin Razali or commonly known as Radhi-O is the lead singer of the band OAG ever since the band was based.
Career.
Ohaha Radhi also stars in reality shows as "Sehati Berdansa" and his own show "Radhi Study Go!". He is also an actor and starred in a telemovie, "Ora Ora Yeah" on TV2 as well as being the main character, "Pohjee" in the film Antoofighter.
Early life.
He is from Kuching, Sarawak. He started his solo career in 2009 and has produced a single, "Infiniti". He was an ex-husband to Shazlin Sharif the couples goes to court for divorces and father to Mohd Rifdhi Muslim.

</doc>
<doc id="20026879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026879" title="Whew">
Whew

Whew may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20026893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026893" title="Deutsche Post (brand)">
Deutsche Post (brand)

Deutsche Post is a brand of Deutsche Post AG used for its domestic mail services in Germany. The services offered under the brand are those of a traditional mail service, making the brand the successor of the former state-owned mail monopoly, Deutsche Bundespost. As of 2008, the monopoly for Deutsche Post on these services has expired.
Most businesses unrelated to traditional mail services have been switched over to the DHL brand acquired with the original DHL company. The group uses the name Deutsche Post DHL.
Products.
The group currently offers the following services under the brand, all within its Mail division:
Other services within the Mail division, such as Parcel Germany and Global Mail, use the DHL brand.

</doc>
<doc id="20026897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026897" title="The Extraordinary Adventures of Mr. West in the Land of the Bolsheviks">
The Extraordinary Adventures of Mr. West in the Land of the Bolsheviks

The Extraordinary Adventures of Mr. West in the Land of the Bolsheviks () is a 1924 film by Soviet director Lev Kuleshov. It is notable as the first Soviet film that explicitly challenges American stereotypes about Soviet Russia.
Plot.
The film is a broad satire of American ignorance of the Soviet Union. 
The naive American, Mr. West, played by Porfori Podobed as a Harold Lloyd type (complete with enormous round glasses), is a YMCA president who is planning a trip to the newly founded Soviet Union to spread the idea of the YMCA. His wife, Madge, is worried that Russia is full of savage Bolsheviks who wear primitive rags and fur for clothing, as depicted in American magazines. He takes along his cowboy friend Jeddie played by Boris Barnet for protection and as a companion.
However, on arriving in the USSR his briefcase is stolen, he gets separated from Jeddie and he falls into the hands of a group of thieves, including a run-down Countess (played by Aleksandra Khokhlova), who masquerade as counter-revolutionaries. The thieves play on West's fears and engineer his abduction by crooks dressed up as caricature Bolshevik "barbarians." The thieves then "rescue" West from the clutches of these fictional Bolsheviks, extorting thousands of dollars from him along the way. 
In the end, it is the real Bolshevik police who rescue West, rather than his friend Jeddie (who meanwhile has hooked up with an American girl living in Moscow). West then takes a sightseeing tour of Moscow, where he sees that the Soviet government did not destroy all cultural landmarks, such as Moscow University and the Bolshoi Theater, as the thieves suggested. The film culminates in Mr.West watching a military parade with the policeman and concluding that the American view of the Soviet Union is wrong. He telegraphs his wife instructing her to hang a portrait of Lenin in his study.

</doc>
<doc id="20026905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026905" title="Sunday baseball games">
Sunday baseball games

Sunday baseball games were not usually played until the early 20th century. At first, it was frowned upon due to blue laws, but then cities like Chicago, St. Louis, and Cincinnati decided to legalize them. Other cities such as New York and Philadelphia had intense political and court battles to legalize the games. Nowadays, it is normal for baseball to be played on Sundays in the United States.
Origins.
Due to blue laws, it was considered offensive to work on Sunday, which was expected to be a day of worship and rest. In 1794, the Pennsylvania Assembly restricted activities on Sunday by passing what they called "an Act for the prevention of vice and immorality, and of unlawful gaming, and to restrain disorderly sports and dissipation".
Baseball.
In 1902, Sunday baseball games were legalized in Chicago, St. Louis, and Cincinnati.
In 1907, New York City Democrats introduced two bills in Albany, New York that attempted to legalize Sunday baseball. State Assemblyman Al Smith spoke out against the ban of Sunday Baseball arguing that it was better for young men to be playing baseball than to “be driven to places where they play "Waltz Me Around Again, Willie"." However, both bills were unsuccessful.
In 1911, Philadelphia Athletics manager Connie Mack expressed a desire for the Athletics to play on Sunday. The main driving force behind his interest in playing on Sunday was to earn money. The Athletics were not a wealthy baseball club, and Athletics vice-president John Shibe estimated that the team would make $20,000 for each Sunday game that they played in Philadelphia. Mack thought that, for the team, it was financially necessary to play on Sundays, explaining that "we Athletics cannot meet our payrolls playing on seventy-seven weekdays at home". Many Pennsylvania politicians and religious groups opposed Shibe and Mack's effort for Sunday baseball, claiming that playing on that day was a "breach of peace" and that the games would be "a disturbance to persons in that neighborhood desirous of preserving the peace and quiet of Sunday so that they may in such peace and quiet pursue their religious worship and meditation". Unfortunately for the Athletics, Philadelphia's other baseball team, the Phillies, took no public position on the subject, undermining the Athletics' case.
In 1917, the New York Giants and Cincinnati Reds played the first Sunday game ever at the Polo Grounds, New York's home field. However, after the game both managers, John McGraw and Christy Mathewson, were arrested for violating the blue laws.
The following year, Sunday baseball was legalized in Cleveland, Washington, D.C., and Detroit. One year after that, New York legalized baseball games on Sunday, and baseball teams that played in New York (the New York Giants, the New York Yankees, and the Brooklyn Dodgers) were allowed to have home games on Sunday.
The Athletics fight for Sunday baseball.
In 1926, the Philadelphia Athletics were selected to host the Sesquicentennial Exposition to celebrate the 150th Anniversary of American Independence. The Exposition was running a deficit so the Board of Directors voted to open on Sundays and charge an admission fee. A few days later, the Athletics announced that they would play a game on August 22, 1926 against the Chicago White Sox. Officials for the Athletics felt that there was no difference between charging people admission for Exposition amusements on Sunday, and charging a fee for a baseball game. Philadelphia mayor W. Freeland Kendrick objected to the Athletics' decision and announced that he would use police to keep Shibe Park closed. The Athletics went to court to request that Kendrick's decision be overturned. Judge Frank Smith granted the A's request and ruled on Saturday, August 21, 1926 that those seeking to prohibit Sunday baseball could only do so if "their right to quiet and undisturbed religious worship is encroached upon as a result of the game". Smith's ruling also declared that to prove the game had created "a breach of peace", the game first had to be played, so the earliest legal action that could take place would be on the following Monday.
12,000 spectators attended the game, were the Athletics defeated the White Sox 3-2. During the game, Rev. William B. Forney drove around the park multiple times, and said that he was "ashamed that such an exhibition could be held on the Sabbath", and called the cheers from the crowd a "disgusting noise". Athletics manager Connie Mack was glad that baseball was played on Sunday, and was quoted as saying "I am glad that we won, of course, but I am more than glad that nothing happened that could be construed as a breach of the peace… I wish all those who oppose Sunday baseball could have been here today. They would see that we are not causing a lessening in church attendance."
Mayor Kendrick said that although the crowd for Sunday's game was "unusually subdued", he thought that any Sunday game was a breach of peace and the law. He also announced that the city of Philadelphia would seek a higher court to overturn Judge Smith's ruling. Connie Mack quickly announced that scheduling difficulties would prevent any more Sunday games in 1926. Even owner John Shibe told fans that "we are not going out of our way to play Sunday games... As there are no open Sundays left we shall probably leave things as they are until next season."
The City of Philadelphia took the case to Dauphin County Court, were the court decided the baseball being played on Sunday was unlawful "worldly employment". The Athletics then announced that they would take their case to the Pennsylvania Supreme Court, who ruled in September 1927, by a vote of 7 to 2, the Sunday Baseball was both "unholy" and "worldly employment". The Pennsylvania Supreme Court also threatened the Athletics, saying that if the A's continued to play on Sunday, their club corporation franchise would be revoked. After this ruling, Athletics attorney announced that although the Athletics were going to drop their appeal, they did not plan on giving up.
In 1931, a bill to liberalize the Blue Sunday Laws was introduced by supporters in the Pennsylvania State Legislature. The bill was passed by the house 106-98, until to be soundly defeated by the State Senate. This caused A's attorney Gartling to announce plans to build a 50,000 seat stadium in Camden, New Jersey and move the team if Sunday restrictions were not eliminated. A public outcry ensued, which caused owner Shibe to quickly say that the plan was only visionary.
In 1933, the House and Senate of Pennsylvania finally passed a bill that allowed local jurisdictions to vote on whether Sunday sports would be legalized in their area. When Philadelphia voted on the proposal, they easily won the right to play sports on Sunday. However, the A's had already sold many of their star players (including Al Simmons, Mickey Cochrane, and Lefty Grove) to pay for team finances, and in 1954 the A's moved to Kansas City, Missouri. The bill also didn't help the Philadelphia Phillies, who were struggling financially, until the team was bought by owner R. R. M. Carpenter, Jr., who was able to fix the Phillies' financial situation.
Present time.
Once the last of the blue laws preventing Sunday baseball were gone, most teams scheduled Sunday games regularly. In the 1950s and 1960s, most teams frequently scheduled doubleheaders on Sunday to maximize attendance. Although rising attendance has led to the elimination of regularly scheduled doubleheaders (with rare exceptions), major league baseball still schedules a full slate of games for each Sunday during the season, including Sunday night games televised by ESPN. Minor leagues play regularly on Sunday as well.

</doc>
<doc id="20026911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026911" title="Kostas Papadimas">
Kostas Papadimas

Kostas Papadimas or Konstantinos Papadimas is a former international professional basketball player.
Pro career.
He was a member of the Panellinios Basketball Club and its famous 1950s era Hrisi Pentada, or "The Golden Five" in English.
Greek national team.
He was also a member of the Greek national basketball team that competed at the 1952 Olympics Basketball Tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="20026919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026919" title="Daigo Nishi">
Daigo Nishi

Club career stats.
As of 6 January 2011

</doc>
<doc id="20026925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026925" title="Povilas Aksomaitis">
Povilas Aksomaitis

Povilas Aksomaitis (b. March 29, 1938 in Kaunas – d. August 23, 2004) was a Lithuanian engineer, politician, and signatory of the 1990 Act of the Re-Establishment of the State of Lithuania.
Biography.
Aksomaitis and his family were exiled to Barnaul, Russia, soon after the Soviet occupation of Lithuania during World War II. He was brought back to Lithuania by the International Red Cross in September 1946. After graduating from a secondary school in Kaunas, he studied hydropower engineering at the Lithuanian University of Agriculture. After graduation he was appointed to the Hydrotechnics and Melioration Research Institute in Kėdainiai. As a scientist, he wrote over 100 academic articles and co-authored four books. 
His involvement in the independence movement during the 1980s included arranging the return of the remains of Lithuanian deportees to Siberia. He was elected a member of the Supreme Council of the Republic of Lithuania in 1990. As a member of the Homeland Union, he was elected to the Municipal Council of the Kėdainiai district municipality in 1995.
Aksomaitis was awarded a Medal of Lithuanian Independence in 2000. He died in 2004 following complications of a kidney transplant almost twenty years ago.

</doc>
<doc id="20026944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026944" title="Wind power in Croatia">
Wind power in Croatia

Wind power in Croatia has been growing since the first wind farm was installed in the country in 2004. In December 2010 the cumulative wind power is 69,8 MW. 
The first wind farm was installed on the island of Pag in 2004. In 2006 another farm opened near Šibenik. On July 1, 2007 the Croatian Government enacted five bylaws on incentives to electricity generation from renewable resources, including feed-in tariffs.
The largest local developer of wind power is Adria Wind Power.
Currently in Croatia there's a total of 204 Wind turbines which generate total of 207.1 MW or electric energy, but with new turbines coming on-line all the time, it is expected that by the beginning of 2014 total installed power will reach 320MW, and with some additional 960 wind turbines under construction in Croatia or about to join the national energy grid Croatia could generate in excess of 1GW of electric energy from Wind alone by the end 2015. As of early 2013 Croatia generates around 15.8% renewable energy, Government hopes Croatia can generate around 35-40% of all its energy from wind and solar by 2020 and has adopted new strategy to achieve that target. By the end of 2014 renewable energy in Croatia is expected to generate around 527MW from Wind and Solar alone or around 20% of all energy consumption from renewable energy source, reaching EU 2020 target for renewable energy and exceed that by a wide margin by 2020. At present rate of growth and planned investments over next 5-7 year period, energy generated from Wind and solar should easily reach 40% of total energy consumption in Croatia with 50% highly probable, achieving targets set by Germany, Sweden, Norway, Denmark, Finland and Austria. 

</doc>
<doc id="20026953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026953" title="Mount Mangengenge">
Mount Mangengenge

Mount Mangengenge is a mountain of the Democratic Republic of the Congo located southeast of Kinshasa, about ten kilometers south of the Ndjili International Airport. It is part of the Crystal Mountains range. The mountain can be reached from the outskirts of the parish of Sainte Angèle de Mérici, along a track hardly passable. 
The name "Mangengenge" derives from the Lingala word "kongenge", which means "shining". The mountain was first called "Mabangu" or "Manguel" until 1866, then "Pic Mense" from 1867, in honor of Carl Mense (1861—1938 ), who with Hans von Schwerin, was the first European to climb the mountain.
Overlooking the plain of the Pool Malebo, it reaches an altitude of 718 meters. The path of the ascent is punctuated with crucifix sculptures with a large cross at the summit. This is because the Bishop of Kinshasa, Frederic Etsou Nzabi Bamungwabi took the initiative in 1992 to make it a spiritual place. Since, several million pilgrims have climbed the peak.

</doc>
<doc id="20026979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026979" title="List of Marvel UK publications">
List of Marvel UK publications

Marvel UK is a British comic publishing company. It started life as an imprint of Marvel Comics before being bought by Panini Comics in the mid-1990s. The titles include a mix or original stories as well as reprints from Marvel Comics' comic books.

</doc>
<doc id="20026980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026980" title="Steve Green (journalist)">
Steve Green (journalist)

Steve Green (born 1960, Solihull, England) is a former newspaper reporter (1978–84) turned freelance journalist, who has also written short fiction and poetry. He is an active member of the science fiction press and fan community.
Journalism and other writings.
Subsequent to his career as a newspaper reporter (initially on "The Walsall Observer", later on "The Solihull News"), Green has contributed to such magazines as "The Dark Side" (for which he wrote 51 instalments of the review column "Fanzine Focus"), "Interzone" (interviewing the comics writer and editor Stan Lee and the author/screenwriter Peter Atkins), "Fantasia" and "SFX", as well as being an occasional contributor to the 1990s BBC Radio 5 series "The Way Out". He occasionally writes an online column on real ale and the British pub industry for "The Sunday Mercury".
With Martin Tudor, he was also the co-editor/publisher of the science fiction journal "Critical Wave", from its launch in October 1987 to its financial heat-death in mid-1996; a new, online edition was announced in September 2008, with the same editorial team; the first issue of this new series was released in November 2008, but a second has yet to appear.
In addition to having several of his own short stories published, including "Cracking" in "The Anthology of Fantasy & the Supernatural", plus a large number of poems, Green appears as a supporting character in both David Langford's comic novel "The Leaky Establishment" and Joel Lane's novella "The Witnesses Are Gone" (the latter also features his late wife, Ann Green).
During the mid-1990s, Green was a regular columnist for both the Seattle freesheet "Mansplat!" and the focal point American fanzine "Apparatchik" (examples:). His "Apparatchik" column, "Fannish Memory Syndrome", was relaunched in the Hugo Award-nominated US fanzine "The Drink Tank" in September 2007. Selected examples of this writing can be found on his professional blog The Shadow Library.
Related activities.
Green joined the Birmingham Science Fiction Group in February 1977 and has held several posts with that organisation, including editor of its monthly newsletter. He also became a member of the British Science Fiction Association, eventually taking over the clubs column ("Life on Mars") for its newsletter "Matrix". Later, he collaborated with artist Kevin Clarke on a short-lived comic strip for "Matrix", "The Tavern at the End of Time".
He was chair of the British science fiction conventions Novacon 14 (1984) and Novacon 37 (2007), and ran the "Fan Lounge" at Intervention, the 1997 Eastercon. Other roles include: Fantasy Amateur Press Association vice-president, 2005–07, and president-elect in 2009 (as the post was dissolved in the same ballot, Green never took office, but was briefly listed in official publications as "president emeritus"); administrator of the Nova Awards for British fanzines, presented annually at Novacon, 2002–09 (he reassumed the role in late 2010); current administrator of the Delta Film Award, presented annually at Manchester's Festival of Fantastic Films.
In November 2008, Green announced himself as a candidate for the TransAtlantic Fan Fund. He won and subsequently attended the 2009 world sf convention, Anticipation, before travelling across Canada and the United States. He is currently working on a series of articles about his trip and acted as European TAFF administrator for two years, a requirement of the post.
He has been a regular guest speaker at the Exeter University convention Microcon, 2008–10 and 2012-13. 
Joel Lane's 2009 short story collection "The Terrible Changes" is dedicated to Green and to the memory of his late wife, Ann.
Personal life.
Green married fellow science fiction fan Ann Thomas (born 1961, Merthyr Tydfil, Wales) in December 1983. She died in July 2008, aged 46, following a brief diabetes-related illness.

</doc>
<doc id="20026981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026981" title="Niña Dolino">
Niña Dolino

Niña Dolino (born October 26, 1982) is a Filipina actress. She is under contract with ABS-CBN and Star Magic. She was one of the finalist of MTV VJ Hunt 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20026996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20026996" title="Panagiotis Manias">
Panagiotis Manias

Panagiotis Manias or Panayiotis Manias is a former international professional basketball player.
Pro career.
He was a member of the Panellinios Basketball Club and its famous 1950s era Hrisi Pentada, or “The Golden Five” in English.
Greek national team.
He was also a member of the Greek national basketball team that competed at the 1951 European Championship. He also competed for Greece's national team at the 1952 Olympics Basketball Tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="20027005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20027005" title="Campus (disambiguation)">
Campus (disambiguation)

A campus is traditionally the land on which a college or university, secondary or primary educational and related institutional buildings are situated. It may also refer to a corporate, church, museum or hospital grouping of buildings and land.
Campus may also refer to:
In the context of rock climbing, campus is a move that involves using only the hands, with the climber's feet dangling below them (see Glossary of climbing terms#C)

</doc>
<doc id="20027012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20027012" title="Masaya Nishitani">
Masaya Nishitani


</doc>
<doc id="20027016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20027016" title="List of awards and nominations received by Rufus Wainwright">
List of awards and nominations received by Rufus Wainwright

Rufus Wainwright is a Canadian-American singer-songwriter. He has released six studio albums of original music: "Rufus Wainwright" (1998), "Poses" (2001), "Want One" (2003), "Want Two" (2004), "Release the Stars" (2007), and "" (2010). In addition, he has released two live albums: "Rufus Does Judy at Carnegie Hall" (2007) and "Milwaukee at Last!!!" (2009). Several of Wainwright's singles have appeared on the UK Singles Chart, including "I Don't Know What It Is" which peaked at #74, "Hallelujah" which peaked at #100, and "Going to a Town" which peaked at #54.
Wainwright's first major recognition came from "Rolling Stone", when the magazine named him 1998's "Best New Artist" after the release of his debut album. Since then, he has received nominations from the BRIT Awards, Genie Awards, Grammy Awards, Meteor Music Awards, MOJO Awards and Shortlist Music Prize, but has yet to receive one of these awards. He has received two Juno Awards from seven nominations. For his success and excellence as a LGBT artist, he has been awarded once (from four nominations) by the Gay & Lesbian American Music Awards, and five times (from seven nominations) by the GLAAD Media Awards. Overall, Wainwright has received 10 awards from 35 nominations.
Annie Awards.
The Annie Awards is an animation award show created and produced by the Los Angeles, California branch of the International Animated Film Association, ASIFA-Hollywood, since 1972. Originally designed to celebrate lifetime or career contributions to animation in the fields of producing, directing, animation, design, writing, voice acting, sound and sound effects, etc., in 1992 it began to honor animation as a whole, and created the category of Best Animated Feature. New categories were subsequently added for different animation media. Wainwright has been nominated once.
BRIT Awards.
The BRIT Awards are the British Phonographic Industry's (BPI) annual pop music awards. Wainwright has been nominated once.
!Year
!width="220"|Nominated work
!width="325"|Award
!width="65"|Result
!Ref.
Dora Mavor Moore Awards.
The Dora Mavor Moore Awards, presented annually by the Toronto Alliance for the Performing Arts, honor quality theatre in Toronto. Wainwright has received one award from two nominations.
!Year
!width="220"|Nominated work
!width="325"|Award
!width="65"|Result
!Ref.
Gay & Lesbian American Music Awards.
The Gay & Lesbian American Music Awards spanned five years and provided the foundation for the recognition of the excellence of LGBT artists. The first awards covered an eligibility period of June 1, 1995 through May 31, 1996, with a ceremony held on October 6. Following awards covered the calendar year releases for 1997, 1998 and 1999, with ceremonies held on March 9, 1998, April 12, 1999, and April 22, 2000. Wainwright received one award from four nominations.
!Year
!width="220"|Nominated work
!width="325"|Award
!width="65"|Result
!Ref.
Genie Awards.
Genie Awards are given out annually to recognize the best of Canadian cinema by the Academy of Canadian Cinema and Television. Wainwright has been nominated once.
!Year
!width="220"|Nominated work
!width="325"|Award
!width="65"|Result
!Ref.
GLAAD Media Awards.
The GLAAD Media Awards were created in 1990 by the Gay & Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation (GLAAD) to recognize and honor the mainstream media for their fair, accurate and inclusive representations of the LGBT community and the issues that affect their lives. Wainwright has received five awards from seven nominations.
!Year
!width="220"|Nominated work
!width="325"|Award
!width="65"|Result
!Ref.
GQ Awards.
The annual GQ Men of the Year awards gives "GQ" magazine readers the chance to vote for the most influential figures in a variety of fields over the past year. Winners are chosen from nominees in the fields of film, television, sports, music, fashion, theatre, literature and food through online voting by "GQ" readers. Winners are typically featured in an issue of "GQ", and honored at an annual "Men of the Year" awards show. Wainwright has been nominated once.
!Year
!width="220"|Nominated work
!width="325"|Award
!width="65"|Result
!Ref.
Grammy Awards.
The Grammy Awards are awarded annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States for outstanding achievements in the record industry. Often considered the highest music honor, the awards were established in 1958. Wainwright has received one nomination.
!Year
!width="220"|Nominated work
!width="325"|Award
!width="65"|Result
!Ref.
Helpmann Awards.
The Helpmann Awards recognize distinguished artistic achievement and excellence in Australia's live performing arts sectors. Recognized disciplines include musical and physical theatre, contemporary and classical music, opera, and dance, with a comedy category introduced in 2006. The Helpmann Awards also incorporates the J. C. Williamson Award for outstanding contribution to the Australian entertainment industry. Wainwright has been nominated once.
!Year
!width="220"|Nominated work
!width="325"|Award
!width="65"|Result
!Ref.
Juno Awards.
Juno Awards are presented annually to Canadian musical artists and bands to acknowledge their artistic and technical achievements in all aspects of music. Winners are currently chosen by members of the Canadian Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences or, depending on the award, a panel of experts. In almost all of the main general categories, such as Album of the Year or Artist of the Year, nominees are determined by sales during the qualifying period; in genre-specific categories, they are determined by panel. Wainwright has received two awards from seven nominations.
!Year
!width="220"|Nominated work
!width="325"|Award
!width="65"|Result
!Ref.
Meteor Music Awards.
The Meteor Music Awards are distributed by MCD Productions and are the national music awards of Ireland. Wainwright has been nominated two times.
!Year
!width="220"|Nominated work
!width="325"|Award
!width="65"|Result
!Ref.
MOJO Awards.
MOJO Awards are awarded by the popular British music magazine, "Mojo", published monthly by Bauer Media Group. Wainwright has been nominated three times.
!Year
!width="220"|Nominated work
!width="325"|Award
!width="65"|Result
!Ref.
OutMusic Awards.
OutMusic is an organization that started with the objective to raise the awareness about openly gay and lesbian artists and their music. In 2001, the organization introduced the first annual OutMusic Awards to increase the popularity of LGBT musicians. Wainwright has received one award from two nominations.
!Year
!width="220"|Nominated work
!width="325"|Award
!width="65"|Result
!Ref.
Shortlist Music Prize.
The Shortlist Music Prize is a music award given annually to an album released in the United States within the last year, as chosen by a panel of musicians, producers and journalists, known as the "Listmakers". Albums are eligible only if they have "not" been certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America by the time of nomination. The Shortlist Music Prize was first given in 2001. Wainwright has been nominated once.
!Year
!width="220"|Nominated work
!width="325"|Award
!width="65"|Result
!Ref.
Stonewall Awards.
The Stonewall Awards is an annual event to celebrate people that have had a positive impact on the lives of British LGBT people. Wainwright has received one nomination.
!Year
!width="220"|Nominated work
!width="325"|Award
!width="65"|Result
!Ref.

</doc>
<doc id="20027027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20027027" title="Split-pi topology">
Split-pi topology

In electronics, a split-pi topology is a pattern of component interconnections used in a kind of power converter that can theoretically produce an arbitrary output voltage, either higher or lower than the input voltage. In practice the upper voltage output is limited to the voltage rating of components used. It is essentially a boost (step-up) converter followed by a buck (step-down) converter. The topology and use of MOSFETs make it inherently bi-directional which lends itself to applications requiring regenerative braking.
The split-pi converter is a type of DC-to-DC converter that has an output voltage magnitude that is either greater than or less than the input voltage magnitude. It is a switched-mode power supply with a similar circuit topology to a boost converter followed by a buck converter. Split-pi gets its name from the pi circuit due to the use of two pi filters in series and split with the switching MOSFET bridges.
Other DC–DC converter topologies that can produce output voltage magnitude either greater than or less than the input voltage magnitude include the "boost-buck converter" topologies (the split-pi, the Ćuk converter, the SEPIC, etc.) and the buck–boost converter topologies.
Principle of operation.
In typical operation where a source voltage is located at the left-hand side input terminals, the left-hand bridge operates as a boost converter and the right-hand bridge operates as a buck converter. In regenerative mode, the reverse is true with the left-hand bridge operating as a buck converter and the right as the boost converter.
Only one bridge switches at any time to provide voltage conversion, with the unswitched bridge's top switch always switched on. A straight through 1:1 voltage output is achieved with the top switch of each bridge switch on and the bottom switches off. The output voltage is adjustable based on the duty cycle of the switching MOSFET bridge.

</doc>
<doc id="20027045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20027045" title="31st SS Volunteer Grenadier Division">
31st SS Volunteer Grenadier Division

The 31st SS Volunteer Grenadier Division was formed from Germans, Hungarians and "Volksdeutsche", mostly from the Bačka in September 1944. The division is sometimes given the title "Batschka". By November 1944 it was in action on the Hungarian Front 
In January 1945 it was sent to Austria and reformed as a type 45 Division; only two Battalions in each Regiment and only three platoons in each Company.
It then joined the 17th Army in Silesia where it was surrounded by the Red Army and surrendered near Hradec Králové in May 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="20027047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20027047" title="2009 Pacific-10 Conference Men's Basketball Tournament">
2009 Pacific-10 Conference Men's Basketball Tournament

The 2009 Pacific Life Pacific-10 Conference Men's Basketball Tournament began with the first round on March 11, 2009 at the Staples Center in Los Angeles, California, with quarterfinals on March 12, semifinals on March 13, and the finals on March 14 (3:00 p.m. PT). In front of a crowd of 16,988, #6 seed USC defeated #4 seed Arizona State for the Pac-10 Tournament Championship, which was the first and only time for their program. This was also the first time a team seeded sixth in the tournament went on to win the championship, although it would happen again three years later. The Trojans received the conference's automatic bid to the NCAA National Tournament.
Seeds.
All Pacific 10 schools played in the tournament. Teams are seeded by conference record, with a tiebreaker system used to seed teams with identical conference records.
2009 Pac-10 Tournament.
Game time: First round – March 11, 6:00 p.m. & 8:30 p.m.; Quarterfinals – March 12, 12:00 p.m., 2:30 p.m., 6:00 p.m. & 8:30 p.m.; Semi-finals – March 13, 6:00 p.m. & 8:30 p.m.; Championship game – March 14, 3:00 p.m. (Pacific time)
2009 Hall of Honor inductees.
Pac-10 men’s basketball Hall of Honor banquet was held on Saturday, March 14, 2009 to honor the following individuals from each of the Pac-10 member schools.

</doc>
<doc id="20027052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20027052" title="Hiroki Miyazawa">
Hiroki Miyazawa

Career statistics.
Last update: 30 December 2010

</doc>
<doc id="20027065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20027065" title="Structured support vector machine">
Structured support vector machine

The structured support vector machine is a machine learning algorithm that generalizes the Support Vector Machine (SVM) classifier. Whereas the SVM classifier supports binary classification, multiclass classification and regression, the structured SVM allows training of a classifier for general structured output labels.
As an example, a sample instance might be a natural language sentence, and the output label is an annotated parse tree. Training a classifier consists of showing pairs of correct sample and output label pairs. After training, the structured SVM model allows one to predict for new sample instances the corresponding output label; that is, given a natural language sentence, the classifier can produce the most likely parse tree.
Training.
For a set of formula_1 training instances formula_2, formula_3 from a sample space formula_4 and label space formula_5, the structured SVM minimizes the following regularized risk function.
The function is convex in formula_7 because the maximum of a set of affine functions is convex. The function formula_8 measures a distance in label space and is an arbitrary function (not necessarily a metric) satisfying formula_9 and formula_10. The function formula_11 is a feature function, extracting some feature vector from a given sample and label. The design of this function depends very much on the application.
Because the regularized risk function above is non-differentiable, it is often reformulated in terms of a quadratic program by introducing one slack variable formula_12 for each sample, each representing the value of the maximum. The standard structured SVM primal formulation is given as follows.
Inference.
At test time, only a sample formula_14 is known, and a prediction function formula_15 maps it to a predicted label from the label space formula_5. For structured SVMs, given the vector formula_7 obtained from training, the prediction function is the following.
Therefore, the maximizer over the label space is the predicted label. Solving for this maximizer is the so-called inference problem and similar to making a maximum a-posteriori (MAP) prediction in probabilistic models. Depending on the structure of the function formula_19, solving for the maximizer can be a hard problem.
Separation.
The above quadratic program involves a very large, possibly infinite number of linear inequality constraints. In general, the number of inequalities is too large to be optimized over explicitly. Instead the problem is solved by using delayed constraint generation where only a finite and small subset of the constraints is used. Optimizing over a subset of the constraints enlarges the feasible set and will yield a solution which provides a lower bound on the objective. To test whether the solution formula_7 violates constraints of the complete set inequalities, a separation problem needs to be solved. As the inequalities decompose over the samples, for each sample formula_21 the following problem needs to be solved.
The right hand side objective to be maximized is composed of the constant formula_23 and a term dependent on the variables optimized over, namely formula_24. If the achieved right hand side objective is smaller or equal to zero, no violated constraint for this sample exist. If it is strictly larger than zero, the most violated constraint with respect to this sample has been identified. The problem is enlarged by this constraint and resolved. The process continues until no violated inequalities can be identified.
If the constants are dropped from the above problem, we obtain the following problem to be solved.
This problem looks very similar to the inference problem. The only difference is the addition of the term formula_26. Most often, it is chosen such that it has a natural decomposition in label space. In that case, the influence of formula_27 can be encoded into the inference problem and solving for the most violating constraint is equivalent to solving the inference problem.

</doc>
<doc id="20027069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20027069" title="Ken Johnson (left-handed pitcher)">
Ken Johnson (left-handed pitcher)

Kenneth Wandersee Johnson (January 14, 1923 – April 6, 2004), nicknamed "Hook" for his curveball, was an American professional baseball player, a pitcher who appeared in 74 games pitched in Major League Baseball for three different teams between the and seasons. Listed at , , he batted and threw left-handed.
The native of Topeka, Kansas, served in World War II in the United States Army in the Pacific Theater of Operations, where he was a tank commander.
Johnson was a hard-throwing pitcher but lacked in control he made up for in velocity and movement. His wildness impeded his career, though he had flashes of brilliance.
He entered the Majors in 1947 with the St. Louis Cardinals, playing for them in part of four seasons (1947–1950) before joining the Philadelphia Phillies (1950–51) and Detroit Tigers (1952). In his first major league start, he pitched a one-hitter for the Cardinals against the Chicago Cubs at Wrigley Field (September 27). He struggled with his control after that and was sent by St. Louis to the Phillies in exchange for outfielder Johnny Blatnik. He went 4–1 as a member of the famous Phillies Whiz Kids, on the way to the National League pennant. Although he did not pitch in the 1950 World Series, Johnson appeared as a pinch runner for Dick Sisler in the ninth inning of Game 4, and scored the Phils' last run of the Fall Classic on an error by New York Yankees leftfielder Gene Woodling. New York won that game, 5–2, and the Series, four games to none. Johnson also pitched in nine games for Detroit in 1952, his last Major League season.
In a six-season career, Johnson posted a 12–14 record with a 4.58 ERA in 74 appearances, including 34 starts, eight complete games, four shutouts, and a 1.32 walk-to-strikeout ratio (195-to-147) in 269⅓ innings of work. Johnson died in Wichita, Kansas, at the age of 81.

</doc>
<doc id="20027075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20027075" title="Themis Cholevas">
Themis Cholevas

Themis Cholevas or Themistokles Cholevas is a former international professional basketball player.
Pro career.
He was a member of the Panellinios Basketball Club and its famous 1950s era Hrisi Pentada, or "The Golden Five" in English.
Greek national team.
He was also a member of the Greek national basketball team that competed at the 1951 European Championship. He also competed for Greece's national team at the 1952 Olympics Basketball Tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="20027083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20027083" title="WLRD">
WLRD

WLRD (96.9 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Southern Gospel format. Licensed to Willard, Ohio, USA, the station serves the Mid-Ohio area. The station is currently owned by Christian Faith Broadcast, Inc.
History.
The station went on the air as WHHA on 1998-11-02. on 1998-12-28, the station changed its call sign to the current WLRD. 

</doc>
<doc id="20027105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20027105" title="Eternally (song)">
Eternally (song)

"Eternally" is a song by Japanese musician Hikaru Utada, from her 2001 album "Distance". It was re-arranged in 2008 as "Eternally (Drama Mix)," for the use in the Maki Horikita starring Fuji TV drama "Innocent Love". It was released as a digital single on October 31, 2008, and eventually released onto CD in March 2009, on an EMI compilation album .
"Innocent Love" director Toshiyuki Nakano originally decided that Utada's voice would suit the themes of the drama well. Hearing "Eternally," he felt the song was a perfect choice for the drama, as the song's melody, lyrics and title fitted, in his opinion, as if the song had been specifically commissioned for the drama.
Writing.
The song is a R&B ballad, featuring an arrangement of strings, background percussion and guitar. The lyrics describe a person addressing their lover, who is describing how much they treasure a single moment they are sharing with this person. They believe that even if they cannot stay with their lover forever, at least .
The drama mix of the song features a different take of Utada's vocals during the recording sessions of "Distance" in 2001, however it was given a new mix in 2008. The new version is very similar in structure to the original, however with more prominent strings during the chorus.

</doc>
<doc id="20027107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20027107" title="Metropolitan Library System">
Metropolitan Library System

The Metropolitan Library System (MLS) was an association of academic, public, school, and special libraries in Chicago and its suburbs in Cook, DuPage and Will counties. On July 1, 2011, Metropolitan Library System merged with Alliance Library System, DuPage Library System, North Suburban Library System, and Prairie Area Library System to form the Reaching Across Illinois Library System. Sarah Ann Long, director of the North Suburban Library System, summarized the evolution of organizations in northern Illinois in a 2011 essay,"Context is Everything." 
SWAN.
SWAN (System Wide Automated Network) maintains a shared online catalog for its 80 members.

</doc>
<doc id="20027108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20027108" title="Olivier Jules Richard">
Olivier Jules Richard

Olivier Jules Richard (1836 - 1896) was a French botanist, mycologist and lichenologist who published on the anatomy and symbiosis of lichens. 

</doc>
<doc id="20027124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20027124" title="WLRY">
WLRY

WLRY (88.9 FM) is a non-commercial educational radio station licensed to serve Rushville, Ohio, USA. The station, established in 1999, is owned by the Arcangel Broadcasting Foundation, a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization. WLRY currently airs a Contemporary Christian format of music and talk under the slogan "Radio for Life".
Programming.
WLRY broadcasts a Christian radio format featuring Christian talk and educational programs plus contemporary Christian music to the greater Columbus, Ohio, area. Local programming includes a weekday morning show called "O'Riley in the Morning" featuring Mike O'Riley with music, local information and special guests. Syndicated programming includes "Focus on the Family"The Urban Alternative" with Tony Evans, "Turning Point" with David Jeremiah, "Walk in the Word" hosted by Dr. James MacDonald and the drama/comedy "Adventures in Odyssey". Locally originated programs include "Pass The Salt" with Coach Dave Daubenmire, "Musical Truths" with host Even Steven, and the "Friday Night Rock Block", featuring classic Christian rock from the 70's, 80's and 90's.
History.
This station received its original construction permit from the Federal Communications Commission on May 19, 1998. The new station was assigned the WLRY call sign by the FCC on June 22, 1998. WLRY received its license to cover from the FCC on December 7, 1999.
In August 2005, WLRY applied to the FCC to change its licensed broadcast frequency from 88.5 MHz to 88.9 MHz in an effort to improve the coverage area of its signal. The FCC granted the station a new construction permit to authorize this change on February 16, 2006. WRLY received a license to cover these changes on December 14, 2006.
The syndicated "The Full Armor of God Broadcast" Christian metal/rock show relocated from Cleveland, Ohio, in 2007 and broadcast from the station until relocating to Atlanta, Georgia, in 2009.
Awards and honors.
Coach Dave Daubenmire, host of "Pass the Salt" on WLRY, won a 2009 Excellence In Media Award as part of the 2009 Obadiah Awards For Outstanding Christian Activism. The Full Armor of God Broadcast received multiple Malone University Radio Awards from 2007 through 2009 for "Excellence in Broadcasting".

</doc>
<doc id="20027126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20027126" title="Junki Yokono">
Junki Yokono

Career statistics.
Last update: 20 July 2012

</doc>
<doc id="20027127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20027127" title="Perumbadavam Sreedharan">
Perumbadavam Sreedharan

Perumbadavam Sreedharan () (born 12 February 1938) is a prolific Malayalam author from Kerala state, South India. He is the present Chairman of Kerala Sahithya Academy. He has written several novels and short stories. One of his most famous and critically acclaimed novels is "Oru Sankeerthanam Pole" (1993) for which he won the Vayalar Award in 1996. In 2006, he was awarded the Malayattoor Award for his novel, "Narayanam".
Born in the village of Perumpadavom, in Muvattupuzha, Ernakulam district of Kerala, Perumpadavom (as he is often called) started his literary career by writing poetry. He later shifted to short stories and novels. Perumbadavam has also authored scripts for 12 malayalam films and has won Kerala State Film Award for "Sooryadanam" (1989). Sreedharan has been noted for his connection with the Russian language and is recognized by some as a doyen of Malayam literature.
"Oru Sankeerthanam Pole".
The novel "Oru Sankeerthanam Pole" was first published in 1993 and was released in its 37th edition on 1 November 2008 after setting publishing records in 2005. It is a story based on the life of famous Russian writer, Fyodor Dostoyevsky and his wife Anna.
This highly successful novel has sold over 100,000 copies in about 12 years. This is a record in Malayalam literature.
Selected works.
Some of Perumbadavam's selected works include

</doc>
<doc id="20027131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20027131" title="Confederate Monument in Paducah">
Confederate Monument in Paducah

The Confederate Monument in Paducah, located northwest of downtown Paducah, Kentucky is a historic monument located in Paducah's Oak Grove Cemetery.
It was built in 1907 on behalf of the United Daughters of the Confederacy. It is a granite obelisk. Six Confederate war dead are buried by the monument.
On July 17, 1997, it was one of sixty-one different monuments to the Civil War in Kentucky placed on the National Register of Historic Places, as part of the Civil War Monuments of Kentucky Multiple Property Submission. One other monument on the list, the Lloyd Tilghman Memorial, is nearby.

</doc>
<doc id="20027132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20027132" title="WLZZ">
WLZZ

WLZZ (104.5 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Country music format. Licensed to Montpelier, Ohio, USA. The station is currently owned by Swick Broadcasting Company and features programing from Fox News Radio and Dial-Global Radio Network.
History.
The station went on the air as WYDF on 1991-02-01. on 1991-04-15, the station changed its call sign to the current WLZZ. 
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="20027152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20027152" title="Wheat Chiefs">
Wheat Chiefs

The Wheat Chiefs was a Canadian melodic rock band with punk rock influence formed in 1990 in Edmonton, Alberta, and later relocated to Vancouver, British Columbia. The group featured several members of SNFU and one from Jr. Gone Wild. They released one album, 1996's "Redeemer".
History.
Early years (1990–1993).
Several months after the 1989 breakup of their influential skate punk band SNFU, guitarists and twin brothers Marc and Brent Belke formed the new band The Ship of Fools with SNFU bassist Curtis Creager and longtime acquaintance Dave Rees playing drums. With Marc Belke acting as lead vocalist, the band added melodic, alternative rock aesthetics to the punk rock sound of SNFU. After their initial string of performances, they renamed themselves the Wheat Chiefs.
Bassist Trent Buhler, a former member of Rees's group Broken Smiles, replaced Creager in mid-1990, and the group embarked on several Canadian tours. SNFU reformed in 1991, but the Belkes kept the Wheat Chiefs active as a side project. Rees and Buhler both departed the Wheat Chiefs early in 1992, and were replaced by drummer Ed Dobek (of Jr. Gone Wild and the pre-SNFU band Live Sex Shows) and bassist Rob Johnson, a future SNFU member. This lineup debuted with a short tour, and recorded several tracks with producers Marek Forysinski and Dave Ogilvie.
Touring, "Redeemer", breakup (1993–1998).
The band was active sporadically in the time that followed, with a major run of touring coming in 1993. Later this year, the track "Joe Murphy" (named for the professional ice hockey player of the same name) from the Ogilvie session was included on the "Puck Rock Volume 1" compilation, a full disc of hockey-related punk rock songs assembled by John Wright of The Hanson Brothers and NoMeansNo. The Wheat Chiefs received a seven-figure recording contract offer from Mercury Records, but rejected this in anticipation of a better deal, which they never received. Early in 1994, the group recorded two songs with Rees returning as a guest.
After spending two years focusing on SNFU, Johnson and the Belkes returned to full-time Wheat Chiefs rehearsals in early 1996. Culled from three recording sessions held in 1992 and 1994, the "Redeemer" album was released later this year through BangOn Records, a subsidiary of the Canadian Cargo Records imprint. They promoted the album with a tour of Canada and the United States, the largest in the band's career. 
In 1997, drummer Dan Moyse replaced Dobek. The Wheat Chiefs ultimately disbanded following Brent Belke's decision to quit both bands to pursue work in music composition for film and television. They played a final gig on March 28, 1998 at a festival in Edmonton.

</doc>
<doc id="20027202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20027202" title="Takahiro Takagi">
Takahiro Takagi

Club career stats.
As of 21 December 2010

</doc>
<doc id="20027203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20027203" title="Harland Rowe">
Harland Rowe

Harland Stimson "Hypie" Rowe (April 20, 1896 – May 26, 1969), was an American professional baseball third baseman who played in with the Philadelphia Athletics of Major League Baseball. He batted left and threw right-handed. Rowe had a .139 batting average in 17 games, five hits in 36 at-bats, in his one year in the major leagues. He was born and died in Springvale, Maine.
He attended the University of Maine, where he played college baseball for the Black Bears from 1914–1916.

</doc>
<doc id="20027223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20027223" title="Nikos Nisiotis">
Nikos Nisiotis

Nikos Nisiotis was a Greek professional basketball coach. He was the famous head coach of the Greek League club Panellinios during its famous golden era. Nisiotis is largely credited with developing the sport of basketball in Greece during the 1930s and 1940s. He is a candidate to be inducted into the FIBA Hall of Fame as well.

</doc>
<doc id="20027230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20027230" title="Military history of Estonia">
Military history of Estonia

Two years after the end of the Estonian War of Independence (1918-1920), the Estonian Army consisted of 3 field divisions and a number of small independent battalions and companies (1922).
The Republic of Estonia had 47,750 km2. of territory with a population of 1,507,000 inhabitants. The armed forces had 12,000 men and, in the opinion of the Lithuanian armed forces General staff, it was large enough to defend The Republic of Estonia. Estonia had a good position - two big lakes were useful natural obstacles. The serving time for conscripts was 18 months in infantry, 24 months in other parts of the army, 36 months in the Navy.
In 1919, the year's military budget was EEK 573.6 million which was 80.3% of all states outcomes. Two years later, in 1921, state outcomes for defence were EEK 640.4 million (50% of the state budget). But it was too little, so the real military outcomes were EEK 856 million.
The Army.
Infantry organisation.
The army had 12 line battalions. Every battalion consisted of:
Infantry was using Russian made and English made rifles, accoutrements and ammunition were American made. Two battalions make a regiment in peace time. After the mobilisation every battalion become regiment.
Comparison of companies
Artillery.
There was 3 regiments of light artillery of 4 batteries everyone for every Infantry division. There were 2 groups of heavy artillery like separate units. Every battery had 4 guns. Most part of the guns - 3 inches Russian guns. There were some English French and German guns. In that time Estonia had enough guns to make artillery two times larger.
Cavalry.
It was one regiment of Hussars. After the mobilization squadrons would become regiments.
Technical formations.
Armoured trains had an important role in Estonian War of Independence. They were used very effectively in supporting Latvians in fighting against Bermontians in Latvian War of Independence.
Aviation.
3 squadrons – 34 planes and hydroplanes
The Navy.
EML Lembitu (gun boat)
EML Lennuk (former Avtroil)(destroyer)
EML Wambola (former Kapitan 2. ranga Kingsbergen,Kapitan 1. ranga Mikluhho-Maklaiks,Spartak)(destroyer)
EML Ristna (minesweeper)
EML Suurop (minesweeper)
See also.
</noinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="20027242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20027242" title="Kanjli Wetland">
Kanjli Wetland

Kanjli Wetland, a man made Wetland, which subsumes the Kanjli Lake, located in the Kapurthala district of Punjab state in India, was created in 1870 by constructing the headworks across the perennial Bien River, a tributary of the Beas River to provide irrigation facilities to the hinterland. The rich biodiversity of the wetland comprising aquatic, mesophytic and terrestrial flora and fauna including some important species of plants and animals was recognized internationally by the Ramsar Convention in 2002 by designating the Kanjli Lake in the List of Wetlands of International Importance. In this context, it is reported that the Punjab State which has 14 wetlands covering an area of 225.76 km2 (2% of the geographical area of the State) has the unique position of three of its wetlands viz., the Kanjli Wetland covering an area of 490 ha of which the Kanjli Lake water spread is 184 ha), the Harike Wetland (4100 ha) and the Ropar Wetland (1365 ha) chosen by the Ministry of Environment and Forest (MoE&F), Government of India for their conservation and management are now also included in the Ramsar list covering a total area of 5650 ha; Kanjli is upstream of Harike wetland located in the Beas river basin while the Ropar wetland is in the Roopnagar district.
Wetland.
The Kanjli Wetland is one of the manmade wetlands in India identified by the Government of India, as per the Expert Group’s (set up in 1983 by the Ministry of Environment and Forests) report published in 1990. Since the main article on Wetland does not cover the aspects of Indian wetlands, the work done in this regard in India is explained. The Expert Group has based its directory on the basis of the definition enunciated by the Ramsar International Convention on Wetlands:
" areas of marsh, fen, peatland, or water whether natural or artificial, permanent or temporary, with water that is static or flowing, fresh, brackish or salt, including areas of marine water the depth of which at low tide does not exceed six metres".
Further, considering the definition of wetlands given by Cowden in 1979 for classification of wetlands in USA, three key attributes of hydrology (the degree of flooding or soil saturation), wetland vegetation (hydrophytes) and hydric soils have also been considered for identification. In this list, Mangroves are not included since it falls under a separate category.
The Expert Group's directory has made a distinction between Natural and Man-Made wetlands (including wetlands of less than 100 ha area). In India, in its 24 states and two union territories (as per the 1990 report), there are 2167 nos of natural wetlands with a total area of 1.45 million ha and Man-Made wetlands of 65,254 nos with total area of 2.59 million ha. The inland water bodies listed in the report covers lakes, tanks, reservoirs etc.
Royal patronage.
The erstwhile Maharaja of Kapurthala (Raja Randhir Singh - 1862 to 1870), built the headworks on the river Kali Bein which resulted in the creation of the Kanjli Wetland which subsumes the sparkling lake by the same name. The Maharaja also built a retreat, in the French architectural style, in the forest set in lovely natural scenery, on the banks of the Lake, which was named “The Villa” or the “Villa Buona Vista”. His royal successors live in this retreat even now.
The lake has been developed as a tourist destination with facilities for fishing and boating. A traditional Mela or exhibition is held here during Depavali festival.
Access.
The Kanjli ecological Wetland region around the village Kanjli is from the Kapurthala town, also the district headquarters, and is thus well connected by road network to all parts of the state and rest of the country.
Hydrology.
The Kali Bein River, originating near village Dhanoa, upstream of Budho Bark Regulator in Hoshiarpur District, formerly a main tributary of the Beas River feeds the Wetland and the Lake. The Bien has now become an independent river due to siltation and westward swing of the Beas River. Agricultural development dominates the catchment of the wetland. The Bien river has contributed to the formation of fertile plains by bringing down large sediment loads during floods. Depth of water in the Lake has a seasonal variation of 3.05 m (10 feet) to 7.62 m (25 feet) depending on the season and inflow discharge. Catchment area is mainly under agriculture. The wetland is in the semi-arid zone and receives an average annual rainfall of about 620 mm. The temperature varies from a maximum of 450 C in summer to an average of 60C during winter with occasionally freezing temperatures.
The Kali Bein and its wetland provide water supply for agriculture in the Kapurthala district, recharges the ground water, drains excessive rainwater from sensitive crops like wheat, potato, etc. and acts as a sponge by absorbing the flood waters.
Water quality.
The water and sludge quality of the Wetland has been studied by the Punjab Pollution Control Board Their report indicates that quality generally conforms to Class 'B' with some degree of quality degradation to Class 'D' sometimes during December. 
From a satellite imagery study of the wetland it has been inferred that Kanjli Lake could be categorised under low turbidity class (dark blue hue) during pre-monsoon period and moderate turbidity class (medium blue) during post monsoon season which is indicative of regimentation occurring in the lake during post monsoon season.
Flora and fauna.
The flora and fauna recorded in the Wetland and the Kanjli Lake within it (Some of them are pictured in the gallery) are the following.
Aqua flora.
11 species of aquaflora, 34 species of Zoo Plankton and 15 species Macro invertebrate species have been reported.
Aqua fauna.
According to the District Gazetteer and the study done by the National Environmental Engineering Research Institute (NEERI), 17 fish species (in Bein river and the Lake) have been reported which includes the common fish species of Catla catla, Channa marulius (Great snakehead), Cythus Striatus, Cirrhinus mrigala, Labeo calbasu, and L. rohita. 
The tortoise is the common reptile reported in the area.
Birds found in the wetland are of two varieties, viz., common resident birds (28 species) and the migratory birds of 9 species. The migratory birds are: 1) Various species of goose, 2) White eyed pochard, 3) Wigeon, 4) Tufted pochard, 5) Common Teal, 6) Large whistling teal, 7) Pintail, 8) Mallard and 9) Shoveller
Fauna.
The mammalian fauna seen in the wetland are 1) the Indian Civet, 2) Mongoose, 3) Indian porcupine, 4) squirrel and 5) common Indian hare.
Problems in the wetland.
In the Wetland, the ecological status of the Kanjli lake, in particular, has been threatened on account of the following issues. 
Conservation measures.
The conservation and management measures undertaken with assistance provided by the Ministry of Environment & Forests, Govt. of India (MoEF, GOI) by the Environment Division of the Punjab State Council for Science & Technology under the directive of the State Level Steering Committee are the following.
Sikh tradition.
Sikh tradition states that at the age of thirty, Nanak went missing and was presumed to have drowned after going for one of his morning baths to a local stream called the Kali Bein. Three days later he reappeared and would give the same answer to any question posed to him: "There is no Hindu, there is no Muslim" (in Punjabi, "nā kōi hindū nā kōi musalmān"). It was from this moment that Nanak would begin to spread the teachings of what was then the beginning of Sikhism.

</doc>
<doc id="20027256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20027256" title="Istomin">
Istomin

Istomin (, ) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20027258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20027258" title="Aurel Braun">
Aurel Braun

Aurel Braun is Professor of International Relations and Political Science at the University of Toronto. He is also a senior member of the Centre for Eurasian, Russian and East European Studies and of the Centre for International Studies, and a Fellow and Senator of Trinity College at the University of Toronto. Professor Braun has twice been appointed a Visiting Scholar at the Hoover Institution, Stanford University. Professor Braun received his Ph.D. in international relations from the London School of Economics (London, England). He is a Canadian citizen.
Writing.
N.B.: Category:Year of birth missing. Also missing: (1) His country of origin before becoming a Canadian citizen,although with his first name a very common Romanian one, his origins could be Romanian and (2) Year of Canadian citizenship.
Professor Braun has published extensively on communist affairs and strategic studies with a special focus on the problems of the transformation of the socialist systems in the former Soviet Union and in Eastern Europe. He is also a specialist in international law. He is the author and/or editor of several books. These include: NATO-Russia Relations in the 21st Century (Routledge, UK and worldwide, 2008); Dilemmas of Transition (Boulder Co. and London, U.K., Fall 1999); The Extreme Right: Freedom and Security At Risk (Westview Press, Boulder, CO and London, UK, 1997); The Soviet-East European Relationship in the Gorbachev Era: The Prospects for Adaptation (Westview Press, Boulder, CO and London, UK, 1990); The Middle East in Global Strategy (Westview Press, Boulder CO & London and Mansell Publishing, London, UK, 1987); Small State Security in the Balkans (Macmillan, London, UK, 1983); Ceausescu: The Problems of Power (Canadian Institute of International Affairs, Toronto, 1980); Romanian Foreign Policy Since 1965: The Political and Military Limits of Autonomy (Praeger, NY, 1978). Professor Braun has written more than 50 scholarly articles and has contributed more than two dozen chapters to collections of scholarly works. The scholarly journals include Orbis, Problems of Communism, Millennium, International Journal, American Political Science Review, and Sudosteuropa. His project on "The Russian Diaspora and the Prospect for Large-Scale Violence" was published by The Council on Foreign Relations, NY. Currently, he is completing work on: Russia, the Russian Diaspora and Nationalizing States.
Lecturing.
During the past two decades, Professor Braun has lectured widely in Canada, United States, Britain, France, Germany, Belgium, Italy, Switzerland, Russia, Austria and Norway. He is the winner of the PECSU Award for Teaching Excellence at the University of Toronto. He organized three major international conferences at the University of Toronto in 1985, 1987 and 1996, and one in Ottawa in 2005. He is a member of the American Association for the Advancement of Slavic Studies, the International Studies Association, the Canadian Political Science Association and several other professional organizations. He has appeared frequently on national television and radio. He contributes often to national newspapers. He has been asked to testify several times before parliamentary committees in Ottawa. He has also participated in the Congressional Program in the United States under the auspices of the Aspen Institute.
External links.
Some National Newspaper Articles by Aurel Braun:
Some Examples of Reviews of Aurel Braun's Books
Aurel Braun Quoted in The National and International Media: A few examples, including the New York times, Time Magazine, Egypt News, and El Espectador in Colombia:

</doc>
<doc id="20027278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20027278" title="Thomas Crick">
Thomas Crick

The Very Rev Thomas Crick, CB, CBE, MVO was an eminent Anglican priest in the middle part of the 20th century.
Life.
He was born in 1885 and educated at St Edmund's School, Canterbury and Brasenose College, Oxford. Ordained in 1909 he began his career with a curacy at Wigan after which he was a Chaplain with the Royal Navy and rose through the Service to become Chaplain of the Fleet. An Honorary Chaplain to the King, in 1943 he was appointed Dean of Rochester, a post he held for fifteen years. He died on 13 November 1970. He is now the name of a school house at Kings School Rochester, in Kent. This is called Crick house.

</doc>
<doc id="20027310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20027310" title="Isser">
Isser

Isser may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20027311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20027311" title="Toshiyasu Takahara">
Toshiyasu Takahara

Club career stats.
As of 30 December 2010

</doc>
<doc id="20027319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20027319" title="Auburn 8-Eighty-Eight Sedan">
Auburn 8-Eighty-Eight Sedan

The Auburn 8-Eighty-Eight Sedan was manufactured by the Auburn Automobile Company Motor Car Company of Auburn, Indiana.
Auburn 8-Eighty-Eight Sedan specifications (1926 data).
Standard equipment.
New car price included the following items:
Optional equipment.
The following was available at an extra cost:
Prices.
New car prices were available F.O.B. factory plus tax on the following models:
References.
Source: 

</doc>
<doc id="20027327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20027327" title="Bud Morse">
Bud Morse

Newell Obediah "Bud" Morse, Sr. (September 4, 1904 – April 6, 1987) was an American baseball second baseman and attorney. He played college baseball for the University of Michigan and played Major League Baseball for the 1929 Philadelphia Athletics team that won the 1929 World Series and is considered one of the greatest baseball teams in history. He later practiced as an attorney in California and Nevada. In 1957, he was recognized by the Governor of Nevada for "exceptional acts of heroism" in disarming a gunman who had run amok in the Reno, Nevada veterans' hospital, killing two persons and injuring a third.
Early years.
Morse was born in Berkeley, California. His father, Newell O. Morse, Sr., was a native of Maine who managed and later owned a stationery and book store in Berkeley. At the time of the 1910 and 1920 United States Censuses, Morse was living in Berkeley with his parents, an older brother Paul, and a younger sister Helen.
Morse enrolled at the University of California, Berkeley in 1922. He was a member of the Alpha Delta Phi fraternity at Berkeley. According to the university's 1924 and 1925 yearbooks, Morse played for the California Golden Bears baseball team coached by former major league pitcher Carl Zamloch. Morse was listed as a five foot, nine inch, 143 pound left fielder.
Morse transferred to the University of Michigan where he graduated in 1928 with a bachelor of science degree in education. and played for the Michigan Wolverines baseball team. He was a member of the Phi Epsilon Kappa National Honorary Physical Education Fraternity at Michigan. In 1956, Michigan's long-time baseball coach Ray Fisher selected his all-time Michigan baseball team and named Morse as one of two second basemen (along with Buck Giles).
After leaving Michigan, returned to Berkeley to attend law school. He also played college baseball for Berkeley in 1929. He reportedly delayed his matriculation into Boalt Hall law school when he signed with the Philadelphia Athletics.
Professional baseball.
In early June 1929, and just out of college, Morse was signed with the San Francisco Mission Reds of the Pacific Coast League. Although he had played second base in college, the Mission Reds signed Morse to replace their injured shortstop. "The Sporting News" reported: "He is said to have done a splendid job, considering his lack of experience." Morse appeared in 21 games for the Missionaries and compiled a .250 batting average. On June 22, 1929, Morse was sold to the Des Moines Demons in the Western League. Morse played a few games at shortstop for the Demons, but was quickly shifted to his natural position at second base where, according to "The Sporting News", "he immediately became a star." He appeared in 76 games for the Demons and compiled a .302 batting average.
On August 31, 1929, Morse was sold to Connie Mack's 1929 Philadelphia Athletics. The sale came about through the efforts of Des Moines team's president Lee Keyser. According to a press account, "Morse looked so big leaguish in his work at the keystone sack" that Keyser took a train to St. Louis when the Athletics were playing the St. Louis Browns. Keyser told Mack about Morse, and Mack acquired Morse on Keyser's recommendation without seeing Morse. The New York Yankees were also reported to be "keenly interested" in signing Morse, "but apparently the athletics outbid them."
Morse had the good fortune of joining a team that is considered "one of the greatest baseball teams ever assembled." The 1929 Athletics included five Hall of Famers (Mickey Cochrane, Jimmie Foxx, Al Simmons, Eddie Collins, and Lefty Grove) and compiled a 104-46 record and defeated the Chicago Cubs in the 1929 World Series. Manager Connie Mack used Morse to relieve the team's regular second baseman Max Bishop. Morse made his major league debut on September 14, 1929, and appeared in 8 games during the last two weeks of the regular season. He compiled an .074 batting average with two hits in 27 at-bats. In early October 1929, "The Sporting News" reported on Morse's progress: "Morse is fielding excellently and has won favor from Mack, but as yet the Californian has not found his batting stride."
After the 1929 season, the Athletics released Morse back to Des Moines. "The Sporting News" called him a "promising young player" and reported: "He proved a capital fielder, but was a little shy with the bat."
In 1930, Morse appeared in 13 games for the Dallas Steers (Texas League) and Minneapolis Millers (American Association).
Family and later years.
After retiring from baseball, Morse returned to the University of California's Boalt Hall law school. After graduating from law school, he formed a law partnership with his brother Paul D. Morse. In February 1936, Morse married Berniece H. Wright at Carmel, California. They met in 1931 when both were employed as playground supervisors for the Berkeley Recreation Deparatment. At the time of the marriage, Morse was an attorney in Oakland, California.
Morse later worked as an attorney at the veteran's hospital in Reno, Nevada. In 1957, he gained attention when he disarmed a former security guard who had run amok in the hospital with a shotgun. The disgruntled former employee killed two hospital employees and shot a third person before Morse disarmed him "in a wild battle in a corridor." The "Reno Evening Gazette" wrote: "He might have killed Harrison, but hospital attorney Newell Morse, 53, caught Eaton's revolver hand from behind. Two revolver shots hit the wall. Morse then hit Eaton with a right haymaker. Eaton went down. Harrison and Morse disarmed him and held him until the arrival of police. Policemen ... found Eaton battered and bloody, in the hand of Morse and Harrison." One month later, Nevada Governor Charles H. Russell presented Morse a gold medal for "exceptional acts of heroism" in capturing and disarming the gunman.
In 1987, Morse died in Sparks, Nevada at age 82.

</doc>
<doc id="20027344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20027344" title="Isley">
Isley

Isley may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20027350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20027350" title="Jordan Henderson">
Jordan Henderson

Jordan Brian Henderson (born 17 June 1990) is an English footballer who plays for Premier League club Liverpool and the England national team as a midfielder. He began his career at Sunderland in 2008, with a loan spell at Coventry City in 2009, before moving to Liverpool in 2011. In 2010 he won his first cap for England, having previously played for and captained the under-21 team.
Club career.
Sunderland.
Born in Sunderland, Tyne and Wear, Henderson signed a professional contract with hometown club Sunderland on 1 July 2008. He played his first league game for Sunderland as a half-time substitute on 1 November 2008, in a 5–0 away defeat to Chelsea. He then made his first Sunderland start and home debut against Blackburn Rovers in the League Cup.
Coventry City loan.
In January 2009, Jordan Henderson joined Championship club Coventry City on a month-long loan deal. He made his Coventry debut in a 2–1 defeat to Derby County.
On 23 February 2009, it was announced that Henderson's loan to Coventry would be extended until the end of the season.
"I'm extending my contract here until the end of the season so hopefully we can get that sorted soon", Henderson told BBC Coventry & Warwickshire. "I'm over the moon playing first-team football for Coventry City who are flying at the minute" he added.
Henderson scored the first senior goal of his career on 28 February 2009, against Norwich City.
While on loan at Coventry, Henderson fractured the fifth metatarsal bone in his foot and returned to Sunderland on 8 April 2009.
Return to Sunderland.
In the 2009–10 season, Henderson broke into the Sunderland first team and made several Premier League appearances. He scored his first senior goal for the club against Birmingham City in the League Cup third round. He then went on to score his first Premier League goal against Manchester City on 19 December 2009.
Henderson spent the majority of the season on the right side of midfield but played centrally in the absence of Lee Cattermole; his versatility and consistency earning him a new five year contract on 23 April 2010, keeping him with the club till 2015. He also went on to win the Sunderland Young Player of the Year award for the 2009–10 season.
Henderson's first full season with Sunderland was a major success. He won one personal accolade, scored two goals in all competitions and managed six assists. Henderson made a solid start in pre-season, scoring two goals, both away from home against Leicester City and Hoffenheim respectively. Days later, on 13 August his squad number was changed from 16 to 10. Henderson's early season form caught the eye of many observers, most notably Fabio Capello who made Henderson a part of his senior squad to face France on 17 November 2010. Henderson helped Sunderland to an unbeaten run of games against big clubs such as Manchester City, Manchester United and Chelsea all of whom have since reportedly registered an interest in the player. Henderson went on to score his first goal of the season in the 1–0 win over West Ham United.
On 13 January 2011, Henderson was listed on the official FIFA website as one of thirteen young players to watch in 2011, he ranked alongside Manchester United's David de Gea and Chelsea's Romelu Lukaku. FIFA also added Henderson is "Composed, athletic and powerful". Henderson has also been hailed as "the best young British footballer there is" by his then Sunderland manager, Steve Bruce.
Henderson scored twice against Wigan Athletic on 23 April 2011, as Sunderland ended a run of 8 games without a win. Henderson was again named Sunderland's Young Player of the Year for the second season running.
Liverpool.
On 9 June 2011, Sunderland confirmed they had agreed an undisclosed fee thought to be worth between £16 and £20 million with Liverpool for Henderson, who would travel to Liverpool's training facility Melwood to undergo a medical and discuss personal terms regarding a move to Liverpool. Sunderland's chairman Niall Quinn commented on the deal, stating on the official Sunderland website that "Jordan is a credit to himself, his family and Sunderland's Academy and everyone here wishes him the very best for the future". Later that day, Liverpool released video footage of Henderson in club gear at Melwood. He completed the move a day later on 9 June 2011, signing "a long-term deal" with the club.
On 13 August 2011, Henderson made his debut in Liverpool's first game of the 2011–12 Premier League, a 1–1 draw against his former club Sunderland where he was given a mixed reception by Sunderland fans. Henderson's second game was a 2–0 win over Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium. On 27 August 2011, Henderson scored his first goal for Liverpool in a Premier League fixture at Anfield against Bolton Wanderers. Henderson came on as a second half substitute against Manchester United and almost scored a goal from a volley which was saved by David de Gea. In the League Cup match against Stoke City he assisted Luis Suárez second goal by crossing it in and Suárez finished it with a header. On 26 February 2012, Henderson started on the right of midfield in Liverpool's 2012 Football League Cup Final victory over Cardiff City, before being substituted in the 58th minute. On 10 March 2012, Henderson played his first match against his former club at the Stadium of Light where Liverpool lost 1–0. On 8 May 2012, he scored his second league goal for Liverpool in a 4–1 win against Chelsea at Anfield.
Henderson scored his first European goal for Liverpool on 6 December 2012 with the winner against Udinese in the UEFA Europa League as Liverpool qualified for the last thirty-two. On 19 January 2013, Henderson netted his first league goal of the season against Norwich City at Anfield in a 5–0 win, with a brilliant volley. He was praised after the match by manager Brendan Rodgers, who said that "...Jordan is a terrific young talent". He then went on to assist Liverpool's first goal and score their second in the following game against Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium, in a 2–2 draw. On 31 March, Henderson scored in a 2–1 win against Aston Villa at Villa Park. On 27 April 2013, he scored twice against Newcastle United in a 6–0 away win, as well as completing 95% of his passes and providing an assist.
Jordan Henderson scored his first goal of 2013–14 against Notts County in the Capital One Cup after nutmegging two defenders. He provided an assist for Suarez in the 4–0 win against Fulham and again in the 5–0 victory against Tottenham, where he scored one goal and assisted once as he was named MOTM.
Henderson continued his impressive form by assisting both of Suarez's goals in the 3–1 victory over Cardiff.
On 23 February 2014, Jordan scored 2 goals against Swansea City in a 4–3 win at Anfield to keep Liverpool on track for a top 4 finish.
International career.
England youth.
Henderson has represented England at four different levels. He made his debut for the under-19's in 2009 against Czech Republic before breaking into Stuart Pearce's under-21 squad. He then scored his first goal in an England shirt in the European Championship play-offs against Romania, hitting a volley from outside the box to get the first goal in the game.
Henderson was selected in the England U21 squad for the 2011 European Championships, despite having played 40 games already that season. However England Under 21's were knocked out in the group stage. He captained the England U21 team in a 6–0 win over Azerbaijan U21 on 1 September 2011, scoring one goal in the Euro 2013 qualifier. He then scored his 4th under-21 goal in a 2–1 win away at Norway, maintaining England's 100% record in Euro 2013 qualification. On 3 February 2013 Henderson was named the England U21 Player of the Year in the inaugural year of the award. He captain the under-21 side at the 2013 UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship.
Senior team.
On 11 November 2010, Henderson was omitted from England's U21 squad for their friendly with Germany, instead receiving his first call up to the senior England squad on 17 November 2010, for their friendly against France. He made his debut in the match, playing from the start in central midfield alongside Steven Gerrard.
On 16 May 2012 he was named as a standby player in new England manager Roy Hodgson's UEFA Euro 2012 squad. He was called up to the England Euro 2012 squad to replace the injured Frank Lampard on 31 May 2012. He featured in England's first game of the tournament against France, coming on as a late substitute for Scott Parker. His second and final appearance in the tournament came during extra-time in England's quarter-final penalty shoot-out defeat to Italy, again as a substitute replacing Parker.
Personal life.
Henderson was schooled at Farringdon Community Sports College before joining Sunderland as a youngster.
Honours.
Player.
Liverpool

</doc>
<doc id="20027372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20027372" title="Shingo Shibata">
Shingo Shibata

Career statistics.
Last update: 7 March 2010

</doc>
<doc id="20027409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20027409" title="Marcos Magalhães">
Marcos Magalhães

Marcos Magalhães (; born in 1958 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil) is the author of short films such as "Meow!" (Special Jury Prize at the 1982 Cannes Film Festival) and "Animando", shot in the National Film Board of Canada.
He has been responsible for the first professional course in animation in Brazil, held in collaboration with the National Film Board of Canada from 1985 to 1987.
In 1986 he coordinated "Planet Earth", a collective film by 30 Brazilian animators for UN’s Year of Peace.
He's the conceiver and producer of "Eight Point Star", a film entirely animated by late Fernando Diniz, a renowned naïf painter who lived in a psychiatric institution in Brazil.
As an artist-in-residence at the Division of Animation and Digital Arts of the University of Southern California, he completed in 1999 the film "TwO", a 3D computer animation combined with animated scratches on 35 mm film.
In 2000 he produced for Nickelodeon the first Latin-American episode for the series “Short Films by Short People”.
In 2002 he becomes a John Simon Guggenheim Foundation fellow with the project "Dar Alma", that conceives animation workshops for non-professionals.
He's an animation teacher in the Design graduation course since 2002 and also coordinator of the Animation post-graduation course since 2004 at the Pontifical Catholic University of Rio de Janeiro (PUC-Rio).
He is also one of the founders and directors of Anima Mundi, International Animation Festival of Brazil, the biggest annual event on animation in Latin America since 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="20027446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20027446" title="Restless Heart (disambiguation)">
Restless Heart (disambiguation)

Restless Heart may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20027448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20027448" title="Yoshinobu Minowa">
Yoshinobu Minowa

He made his international debut on October 12, 2005 in a friendly match against Ukraine.
Club career stats.
As of 30 December 2010

</doc>
<doc id="20027462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20027462" title="Second Thirty Years' War">
Second Thirty Years' War

The "Second Thirty Years' War" is a heavily criticized periodization sometimes used by historians to encompass the wars in Europe from 1914–1945 emphasizing the similarities of the period as an integral whole. Just as the Thirty Years' War (1618–1648) was not a single war but a series of conflicts in varied times and locations, later organized and named by historians into a single period, the Second Thirty Years' War has been seen as a "European Civil War" fought over the problem of Germany exacerbated by new ideologies such as communism, fascism and nazism.
Origins.
The concept of a "second Thirty Years War" originated in 1946 with Sigmund Neumann in his book "The Future in Perspective" (1946). In 1948 British Prime Minister Winston Churchill gave the idea a boost when, in the first paragraph of the Preface to "The Gathering Storm" (1948), he says his books will "cover an account of another Thirty Years War".
Major European conflicts during this period include Balkan Wars (1912–13), World War I (1914–18), Russian Civil War (1917–1923), Ukrainian–Soviet War (1917–21), Polish-Soviet War (1919–1921), Spanish Civil War (1936–39) and World War II (1939–45).
Criticism.
Churchill’s "The Second World War", published from 1948, said that the war was simply the completion of a second Thirty Years' War, while books by A. J. P. Taylor and Fritz Fischer in the 1960s blamed the German people and saw Hitler’s plans as a continuation of the German foreign Policy of Bismarck and Wilhelm II. Churchill claimed that WWII was simply part two of a thirty years war.
However, Henig shows Hitler’s foreign policy differed from the past in four distinctive areas.
All four differences are integral parts of Hitler’s long-term plans. Bell agrees that the new elements are more important than the continuity arguments, adding that German political and military leaders in the 1930s did not want a war of conquest. This helps dispel a second theory, namely Taylor’s and Fischer’s ideas that the German people themselves were to blame. In 1936, the Reichstag cheered Hitler’s peace proposals, and Broszat believes that the German people wanted simply peaceful revision. Hitler also agreed to Munich, at least in part, because he saw the complete lack of enthusiasm for war in Germany. Rich agrees that Hitler was a completely unique, or abnormal, phenomenon, ultimately expressed in his genocide, as previous Germans rulers of Poland never pursued extermination.
Hitler's long term "Stufenplan".
Henig claims there is now general agreement amongst historians that the chief responsibility for unleashing war in Europe, in 1939, rests on Hitler and the Nazis. However Watt, Bracher and Broszat deny Hitler had a long-term programme, and Roberts believes that his diplomacy was based on technique, not content. However, Rowse, Bullock, Trevor-Roper and Weinberg all agree that Hitler had consistent long-term plans but a flexible method. As Bell says, what appeared to be two diametrically opposed views – improvisation and plans – have become the new orthodoxy.
Hillgruber believes Hitler had carefully premeditated Stufenplan (step-by-step) for "Lebensraum", while Hildebrand claims he intended intercontinental conquest afterwards. In "Mein Kampf" Hitler talks of giving up the old colonial and trade policies of Wilhelmine Germany and looking instead to Lebensraum in Russia and her vassal border states, reiterated in his first speech to army commanders in February 1933. Noakes and Pridham believe that taking "Mein Kampf" and the "Zweites Buch" together, Hitler had a five stage plan; rearmament and Rhineland remilitarisation, Austria, Czech and Poland to become German satellites, defeat France or neutralise her through a British alliance, Lebensraum in Russia and finally world domination. In November 1939, Hitler claimed his actions since 1933 had been based upon his plans since 1919. Withdrawal from the League of Nations, rearmament and the annexation of Bohemia had been planned, while the decision to attack Poland first, and then Russia once the West had been dealt with had been determined by the current situation. As Eberhard Jäckel asserted: “Perhaps never in history did a ruler write down before he came to power what he was to do afterwards as precisely as did Adolf Hitler”.
Hitler continually spoke privately of his plans for war. In August 1939, Hitler had stated that his actions were all directed against Russia, and if the west refused to see this, then he would have to attack them first. In February 1939 he claimed all his actions since 1933 were part of pre-existing, long-made plans, and in May that Danzig was not the issue, instead Lebensraum in the East to provide food and materials during the war with the West. As Goda says, all these speeches contain foreign policy statements that are consistent with each other in both the short and the long term. Rich agrees that there is an uncanny consistency between his statements and actions. Hitler was convinced of his historic mission to lead Germany in a war of conquest and said that he would built up his army to use it.
Versailles as cause.
The idea that the imbalance caused by the Treaty of Versailles was responsible is the basis of the argument for the Second Thirty Years' War thesis. Hitler formulated his plans in response to Versailles, and he openly expressed how he intended to exploit the situation to further his long-term plans, so they cannot be considered separately. However, as Bell says, the Treaty created profound problems, but they were not insoluble and would not necessarily lead to war. Austen Chamberlain claimed The Treaty of Locarno (1925), freely negotiated and accepted by Germany, marked the end of the war chapter. In 1926, France, Germany and the Low Countries negotiated an iron and steel cartel, which could have eventually led to a proto-E.E.C. Britain and, less enthusiastically, France would have accepted peaceful revision of Versailles. The Wall St. Crash led to the collapse of goodwill, playing an indirect and intangible part in the war’s outbreak, but while this may have been a necessary condition for Hitler’s rise to power, it becomes a mere condition in the war’s outbreak as economic crises are normal in a global capitalist system. Bell says three factors caused the war; German expansionism, the initial toleration of the west, and their eventual determination to fight. The first is Hitler’s plans, the second is because the west was prepared for peaceful revision, and the third is because they realised that Hitler planned far more than that. It is therefore Hitler’s plans, not Versailles that caused the war. As Baumont said, the war’s outbreak is simply down to Hitler’s insatiable appetite – his long-term plans, in effect.
Appeasement and revision.
This would only hold true if either Hitler had been concerned solely with revision of the treaty and nothing more, or if his appeasement had caused the war. However, Halifax had told Hitler in November 1937 that Britain supported legitimate revision and in 1938 British public opinion would not accept a war to stop national self-determination. Military weakness was also a factor. The General Staff feared defeat given so many potential enemies in 1937, the Dominions desired peace in 1938, Britain lacked reliable allies and Neville Chamberlain believed German airpower would destroy Britain in a matter of weeks, though they overestimated both the number of German bombers and their range. The public marginally supported the Munich settlement and Chamberlain received many thank you letters, but the main point is that it was only when Hitler’s action went beyond legitimate grievances that the democracies could morally contemplate war. Chamberlain claimed appeasement represented the only chance of preventing war in Europe and it was his duty to try, especially given Imperial commitments, economic constraints and vulnerability to air attack. However, Dray explains that normal behaviour is simply a mere, non-causal condition in the face of an abnormal factor. He believes the evidence shows appeasement was normal, while Hitler's plans, which went far beyond a simple revision of the Versailles settlement and which prepared for a full-scale European war, were not.
Beyond legitimate Versailles grievances.
Watt said “neither firmness nor appeasement, nor arms, nor demonstrations of determination” could stop him implementing his plans. McDonough believes that Chamberlain took too long in finding out whether Hitler wanted revision or European domination, but the problem was finding out where legitimate demands ended and the unacceptable began. As Chamberlain claimed, the Prague annexation was a “completely different category”, and he only now wondered if it was a step to dominate the world by force. In November 1938, Hitler admitted that it was only by talking of peace that he was able to buy time for rearmament so the subsequent steps (of his plans) could be pursued. Having been welcomed by cheering crowds in Austria, Prague was the first time he had unilaterally invaded anywhere. In the Hossbach Memorandum, Hitler claimed his plan was to fight the west if they opposed his Lebensraum, and this is what happened in 1939. Chamberlain explained in March 1938 that due to geography Britain could not help Czechoslovakia and that it would simply be a pretext for war with Germany. This is obviously equally true of Poland, so in effect Chamberlain admits that the Polish guarantee was nothing but a pretext for war now Hitler’s true intentions are known. Likewise, Hitler told his generals that "lebensraum", not Danzig, was the reason for the Polish crisis, and Greenwood shows that he did not state his terms as he wanted to avoid unwelcome conciliation, Ribbentrop telling Ciano in August that Germany would fight even if they were offered more than was asked for.AS G.P.Gooch said, "The revelation of Hitler's Napoleonic ambition, quickly followed by demands incompatible with Polish independence, places the guilt for the new conflagration squarely on his shoulders".
As such, the war may not be seen simply as a fight to reverse the First World War settlement, as Hitler's pronouncements from "Mein Kampf" onwards had made clear. For the Thirty Years' War theory to hold true, Hitler would have had to be aiming for a restoration of the 1914 frontiers, but in "Mein Kampf" he rejects this as "inadequate". Gordon Craig likewise believes this 'discontinuity theory' disproves the concept of the Thirty Years' War, as "Hitler was sui generis, a force without a real historical past ... (making) it impossible to compare him with any other German leader", and the idea that World War I would have led to World War II had it not been for Hitler may be discounted.
The abnormality of Hitler's plans.
Hitler’s long-term plans conditionally willed the war, and his foreign and economic policies in power had all led in this direction. Hudson claims that Hitler was determined to go through with the attack on Poland whether he deterred the Western powers or not and Reynolds believes that his actions were such that any sane man would expect to lead to war. This was a calculated risk, not a miscalculation or blunder. Appeasement, however, was a miscalculation, based on ignorance of his long-term plans, exemplified by Chamberlain’s belief until Munich that Hitler could still be appeased by colonial concessions and it was normal for Chamberlain to work for peace until the last moment, given the horrors of WWI and the fear of the bomber. Likewise, when Cowling criticises Chamberlain for caring more about domestic policy, national self-interest and the Conservative Party’s electoral fortunes, this is normal behaviour for a democratic leader, a sentiment echoed by Schmidt. Trevor-Roper believes that a normal German nationalist would have been happy with the 1914 borders, and that no other leader would attempt genocide for Lebensraum, which challenges Taylor’s and Fischer’s beliefs. Dray believes that normality is crucial to causation. He cites the example of a drain flooding due to a storm – it is the abnormal conditions, the flood, that caused the failure. Hitler’s plans threw a spanner in the works of the international system. Had the international system broken down due to the normal problems, such as national rivalry or economic collapse, then we could say that war was caused by the system’s failure, but it had worked perfectly acceptably until Hitler’s rise to power. This is the abnormality, and thus the sole cause of the war. Dray says that what is normal is a value judgement on the part of the historian. However, most would agree that acting within the confines of limited knowledge in search of the most likely peaceful and beneficial, long-term prospects for one’s country is normal in political leaders. Gambling everything on a war of genocide is not.
The necessary conditions leading to the war started in 1939 cannot be individually weighted counter-factually in a multi-causal world, and Dray believes these are mere background conditions while Hitler’s long-term plans, which made war inevitable, are the sole cause. Versailles created an imbalance in the international system, but this was insignificant compared to Hitler’s actions. As shown, Hinsey is right that the other powers could not justify resisting Hitler up to, and including, Munich, but had to resist if he went further. As Hitler continued exploiting the imbalance for his own ends, it is Hitler’s long-planned exploitation, not the imbalance itself, that caused the war. Dray believes normality is the criterion that makes Hitler’s actions post-Munich go from non-causal to causal status. While Hitler’s earlier demands were seen as legitimate grievances, his long-planned post-Munich demands were excessive and were therefore abnormal. Had war had broken out up to and including Munich, then, Hinsey believes, Hitler would not be the cause. Dray points out that whether this would have been instead the imbalance or the actions of other individuals is an unknowable counter-factual. But after Munich, Hitler alone becomes the cause, and therefore the Thirty Years' War thesis may be considered invalid.
Appeasement when long-term peace is still a possibility, however remote, is normal, as is resistance once national existence is threatened. Locarno shows the international system was working normally, though it could not cope with Hitler’s planned war of Lebensraum in the East, which as admitted in "Mein Kampf", necessitated defeating France first. German support for peaceful revision in 1936 and reluctance for war in 1938 is also normal behaviour, while Hitler’s early plans that Germany acquire lebensraum or cease to exist are not. The reactions of his opponents forced him to telescope his economic and military plans, but his long-term plans allowed flexibility in exploiting favourable conditions. Hitler’s plans to gamble everything on victory or defeat, on “to be or not to be” were sufficient to cause war. Political, military and economic constraints coupled with ignorance of his plans meant appeasement was normal until Munich, a rational strategy and normal continuation of British diplomatic traditions, while the realization of his planned intentions meant resistance was normal in 1939. Hitler planned to use peace offers as cover in his step-by-step plan, and planned not to attack Czechoslovakia in 1938 without an excuse, denied him by Munich. As flexibility and opportunism were part of his plans, peace until 1938 may be attributed in part to Hitler’s long-term plans, and in part to the non-causal, normal behaviour of appeasers acting in ignorance of his plans. As such, the Thirty Year War thesis is disputed by Dray and Hinsey, along with Henig, Bell, Rich, Hildebrand, Hillgruber and Baumont, amongst others. Hitler's plans may have been formulated in response to Versailles but they went far beyond simple revision. He was simply, like any politician, working within the contemporary situation, and there is absolutely no reason why the outcome of the First World War should have led to a person with the aims of Hitler gaining power in Germany. As Bell shows, it was not World War I that caused World War II, ""the depression bought Hitler, and Hitler bought the war.""

</doc>
<doc id="20027508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20027508" title="Theobald Mathew (lawyer)">
Theobald Mathew (lawyer)

Sir Theobald Mathew KCB MC QC (1898-1964) was Director of Public Prosecutions from 1944 to 1964, making him the longest-serving DPP. In 1960 he was responsible for authorising the prosecution of Penguin Books for obscenity after they published "Lady Chatterley's Lover" by D. H. Lawrence.

</doc>
<doc id="20027514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20027514" title="Adam Gorgoni">
Adam Gorgoni

Adam Gorgoni was born in New York City on 16 December 1963.
He is a prolific composer of film and TV scores and has composed music for over 20 films, including "", "Waiting...", "The Dead Girl", "Starting Out in the Evening" and "Aliens in America".

</doc>
<doc id="20027523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20027523" title="Josiah Wedgwood (disambiguation)">
Josiah Wedgwood (disambiguation)

Josiah Wedgwood may refer to any of the following British potters and entrepreneurs:

</doc>
<doc id="20027545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20027545" title="Thirty Years War (disambiguation)">
Thirty Years War (disambiguation)

Thirty Years' War was a series of wars in Europe lasting from 1618 to 1648.
Thirty Years War may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20027546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20027546" title="Ercole Graziadei">
Ercole Graziadei

Count Ercole Graziadei (1900–1981) was an Italian lawyer. Son of Political Economist Antonio Graziadei and founder of the International Law office Studio Avv Ercole Graziadei. He was instrumental for the legalisation of divorce in Italy. Among his clients were Ingrid Bergman, Maria Callas, Vittorio De Sica, Roberto Rossellini, Anna Magnani, the state of Israel, and the Pirandello estate.
He was the first President of the Council of Bars and Law Societies of Europe (CCBE) from 1966 to 1969. The CCBE represents lawyers through the bar associations and legal societies of 41 countries, in two membership tiers: full member and observer.
He was president of Arnoldo Mondadori Editore in 1976.
Film Credits.
Ercole Graziadei financed 50% of the costs of Vittorio De Sica's film Bicycle Thieves.

</doc>
<doc id="20027548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20027548" title="Napasar">
Napasar

Napasar is a town located in the Bikaner district in the Indian state of Rajasthan.
Napasar was established as a 'co-city' by the contemporary King of the Bikaner state: Maharaja Bikaji and Napaji Sankhala. The nearest city is Bikaner, which is only a few kilometers away. It is connected to the NWR Bikaner railway station and NH 11, which is 12 kilometres outside of the town. Napasar is older than Bikaner. Most of the population of Napasar belongs to the Pareek Brahman, Asopa Dadhich Brahman, and Maheshwari Castes. The native language is Marwari.
Napasar is one of the largest Gram Panchayat of India. Napasar is also well known for freedom fighter, social worker and their ex sarpanch Late Bajrang Lal Asopa, also known as Netaji. He worked for welfare of the village and his so-called "Fakira Fauz". After he died, a statue of him was placed in the main market and panchayat.
Napasar has industries in manufacturing woolen shawls, cotton chaddars (robes), textiles, tiles, PVC, timber, food processing bhujia and papad, among other things. Their textile and cotton industries are growing fast. Many people in Napasar have jobs in agriculture or investment. Because of the large number of jobs in agriculture, the city is able to produce food for the local market.
Main sites of attraction in the town include:
·Maa Bhadra Kali temple Pareem Chowk
·GANESH Temple (at Deshnok road)
·Ved Vidhyalaya (Sanskrit Pathshala - Well known for its education)
·DURGA MATA Temple (known as Soniya ri Bagichi because of more influenced/maintained by Soni cast)
·Hanuman Dhora (A Hanuman Temple on dunes)
·Laxminath Ji Temple (its land was given by the forefathers of late
·Shri Chogmal Ji Jhawar)
·Maheshwari Bhawan (Built from the contribution of Maheshwari families and now it is the best place of its kind in Bikaner district and in neighbor districts)
·Karni Mata Temple
·Sai Baba Temple (Napasar – Sinthal Road)
·Gopal Ji Temple (in Mudhara Mohalla)
.SHREE Ram Chandra Temple (Built from the contribution of Karnani Families .) .·Hanuman Vatika
·Hanuman Temple (known as Bangli)
·a holy Talaab known as PANDRIYA TALAYI nearby Ancient Shiv Temple
There is a famous Gaosala named "Sant Sri SevaRam Ji Gaosala" located near the Police Station and Coutina Kuwan (which has the sweetest water in the Bikaner area). Other, more famous, places of Napasar included Nehru chowk, Gandhi chowk, Main Market, Teen Thamba, Jhawaro Ki Gawad, and all different Gawad and Chowk.
Every road leading out of the city has trees at the side of the road that are managed by local business groups. It also has a branch of Aadrash Vidhya Mandir School.
In the past, most people in Napasar had their businesses in Kolkata (WB) in textiles or sarees. In the last few years, people of this town have started moving across the nation, while mainly having their businesses in Surat (Gujarat).

</doc>
<doc id="20027571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20027571" title="Seiji Kaneko">
Seiji Kaneko

Career.
He started his professional career with Kashima Antlers in 1999 and during his times with Kashima Antlers he have been on loan to Vissel Kobe in 2005, Avispa Fukuoka in 2006-2007 and Nagoya Grampus Eight in 2007 before returning to Kashima Antlers in 2008 and was released by the club at the end of the season. He have never played a single league game in seasons 2007 & 2008 during his times on loan with Nagoya Grampus Eight, Avispa Fukuoka and back in Kashima Antlers.
In 2009 he joined Singapore's S League club Tampines Rovers and is one of their key players.
In 2012 he joined Mitra Kukar and rejoined Tampines Rovers in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20027572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20027572" title="Line 15, Beijing Subway">
Line 15, Beijing Subway

Line 15 of the Beijing Subway () is a rapid transit rail line in northern Beijing with one portion in operation and the remainder under construction. 
In all, the line is set to have a total length of 45.7 km across northern Beijing from Xiyuan in Haidian District in the west, to Hedong in Shunyi District in the east. The line uses Sparcs CBTC system suppied by Nippon Signal. It is being built in two phases. Phase I covers the eastern half of Line 15 from Beishatan in Chaoyang District to Fengbo in Shunyi District. It will cost ¥17.6 billion. Section 3 of Phase 1 is set to follow in 2014. Phase II is expected to be completed by 2015. The line features 6-car trains similar to other lines in the Beijing Subway. Line 15 tunnels will be up to 38 m underground, making them the deepest in Beijing's subway system. Trains run every seven and a half minutes, with a journey from Fengbo to Wangjing West Station taking 38 minutes. 
Route.
Phase I is planned to be 38.3 km long with 18 stations., covers the eastern half of Line 15 and connects the suburbs of Shunyi District with the existing subway network at Wangjing West (Line 13), Datun Lu East (Line 5) and at the Olympic Green (Line 8). Currently Sections 1 and 2 of Phase 1 are operational. It has 8 stations and is over 22 km in length. The two operational sections run from the Wangjing West on Line 13 to Fengbo in Shunyi District. Line 15 travels underground from Beishatan to Maquanying, and then goes above ground on an elevated track to Houshayu before returning underground and going underneath the Chaobai River to Fengbo. The elevated section is high enough to allow elevated roads to pass underneath. A major public venue on Line 15 route is the New China International Exposition Center (New CIEC) 新国展 at the China International Exhibition Center station 国展站. New CIEC holds the annual Beijing International Automotive Exhibition which attracted 800,000 visitors in 2012. 
List of Stations.
Wangjing East Station, located between Wangjing Station and Cuigezhuang Station, is not in operation.
History.
During planning of Line 15, the eastern terminus was moved from Fuqian Jie to the east bank of the Chaobai River. Construction began on Phase I of Line 15 in Shunyi District in April 11, 2009. At that time, Phase I of Line 15 was only 31.15 km long with 12 stations. According to the construction schedule in 2009, the eastern most Shunyi section of Phase I (18.5 km in length with seven stations) would be opened first on December 30, 2011. The remainder of Phase I would follow in May 2013. However on October 28, 2009, when track-laying began on Phase I of Line 15, Line 15's construction schedule was revised with Phase I expanded from 31 km and 12 stations to 38 km and 18 stations. Phase II plans also underwent a revision; Instead of two sections, Phase I would be built and opened in three sections. The first section of Phase 1, from Wangjing West to Houshayu, opened on December 30, 2010. The second, from Houshayu to Fengbo, followed at the end of 2011. 
Line 15, Phase I stations, from east to west with transfers in parenthesis:
Route Under Construction.
The route of Line 15 has been revised several times and the unfinished portions may still change. 
Phase I section 3.
The third section from Tsinghua East to Wangjing West with transfers to Line 5 and Line 8, will be completed in 2014.
Phase II.
As of April 2009, Phase II plans showed the western half of Line 15 running from Xiyuan in Haidian District, through the campus of Tsinghua University, Zhongguancun, and the Olympic Green, and joining Phase I at Wangjing West. But by October 28, 2009, those Phase II were undergoing major revision, with one proposal extending Line 15 westward as originally planned with additional stations and another proposal sending Line 15 southward and parallel to Line 8 to provide relief for congested Line 4 and 5.

</doc>
<doc id="20027580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20027580" title="Aqualate Hall">
Aqualate Hall

Aqualate Hall a 20th-century country house, is located in Staffordshire, England, some 3.5 km east of the market town of Newport, Shropshire and 17 km west of the County town of Stafford. It is a Grade II* listed building
The first manor house on the site, built above the mere in the 16th century by Thomas Skrymsher was rebuilt for Edwin Skrymsher ( Member of Parliament for Stafford) in the 17th century just after he had completed nearby Forton Hall. The original building remained in much the same style until, Sir John Boughey bought the house in the late 18th century and in 1808 commissioned John Nash to rebuild it in the Gothic style.
The building was destroyed by fire on 28 November 1910. The present house, which incorporates some elements of the 17th-century house and of Nash's Gothic successor, was built between 1927 and 1930 by W.D. Caroe. An original range of gables by Nash joins the new house to an 18th-century stable block.
The hall has a landscaped deer park with many old trees and stands alongside Aqualate Mere. 
In the grounds can be found two Gothic lodge-houses, and a red brick house with an attached castellated tower.
Etymology.
The name Aqualate is from Anglo-Saxon "Āc-gelād", probably in the sense "difficult passage over wet ground by the oak trees"; there is much wet and boggy ground in the area.
See also.
Aqualate mere

</doc>
<doc id="20027613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20027613" title="2008–09 NCAA Division I men's basketball season">
2008–09 NCAA Division I men's basketball season

The 2008–09 NCAA Division I men's basketball season began on November 10, 2008 and ended with the 2009 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament's championship game on April 6, 2009 at Ford Field in Detroit, Michigan. The season saw six different teams achieve the AP #1 ranking during the year (just one shy of the NCAA record). Oklahoma sophomore Blake Griffin was the dominant individual performer, sweeping National Player of the Year honors. The season began with North Carolina becoming the first unanimous preseason #1 team, and ended with the Tar Heels dominating the NCAA tournament en route to their fifth NCAA title. UNC won its six NCAA tournament games by double-digits, and by an average of 19.8 points per game. Junior Wayne Ellington was named Final Four Most Outstanding Player.
Major rule changes.
Beginning in 2008-2009, the following rules changes were implemented:
Season outlook.
Pre-season polls.
The top 25 from the AP and ESPN/USA Today Coaches Polls, October 31, 2008.
Regular season.
Conference winners and tournaments.
Thirty athletic conferences each end their regular seasons with a single-elimination tournament. The teams in each conference that win their regular season title are given the number one seed in each tournament. The winners of these tournaments receive automatic invitations to the 2009 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament. The Ivy League does not have a conference tournament, instead giving their automatic invitation to their regular-season champion Cornell.
Post-Season Tournaments.
NCAA Tournament.
The NCAA Tournament tipped off on March 18, 2009 with the opening round game in Dayton, Ohio, and concluded on April 6 at the Ford Field in Detroit, Michigan. Of the 65 teams that were invited to participate, 31 were automatic bids while 34 were at-large bids. The 34 at-large teams came from 8 conferences, with the Big East, ACC and Big Ten each receiving seven bids. The Big 12 and Pac-10 each received six bids. The SEC and Atlantic 10 each received three bids. This season also marked the first time that three teams from the same conference were selected as #1 seeds (Louisville, Pittsburgh and Connecticut). North Carolina tore through the tournament, winning each game by 12 or more points and beating Michigan State in the Final 89–72 behind an NCAA-record 55 first-half points to win its fifth National Championship. Ty Lawson recorded a record 8 steals, while Wayne Ellington was named tournament Most Outstanding Player.
National Invitation Tournament.
After the NCAA Tournament field was announced, the National Invitation Tournament invited 32 teams to participate. Five teams were automatic qualifiers for winning their conference regular-season championships, while the remaining 27 bids were named from an at-large pool. Notable entrants included Kentucky, who broke a 17-year NCAA tournament appearance streak by missing the field, as well as preseason top ten team Notre Dame and 2008 Regional Finalist Davidson. Penn State defeated Baylor 69–63 in the Final on April 2. The Nittany Lions' Jamelle Cornley was named tournament Most Outstanding Player.
NIT Semifinals and Final.
Played at Madison Square Garden in New York City on March 31 and April 2
College Basketball Invitational.
The second College Basketball Invitational (CBI) Tournament was held beginning March 17 and ended with a best-of-three final, ending March 30. It was the second year that the CBI tournament has conducted a post-season tournament. Oregon State defeated UTEP 2-1 in the final series to win the title. Oregon State's Roeland Schaftenaar was named tournament MVP.
CollegeInsider.com Tournament.
The inaugural CollegeInsider.com Postseason Tournament was held beginning March 17 and ended with a championship game on March 30. This tournament places an emphasis on selecting successful teams from "mid-major" conferences who were left out of the NCAA Tournament and NIT. Old Dominion defeated Bradley 66–62 to win the first CIT championship in Peoria, Illinois. The Monarchs' Frank Hassell was named tournament MVP.
Coaching changes.
A number of teams changed coaches throughout the season and after the season ended.

</doc>
<doc id="20027619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20027619" title="Robert Stannard">
Robert Stannard

The Rt Rev Robert William Stannard (20 October 1895 - 26 December 1986) was an eminent Anglican priest in the middle part of the 20th century. He was born on 20 October 1895 and educated at Westminster School and, after wartime service in the Middlesex Regiment, Christ Church, Oxford. Ordained in 1922 he began his career with curacies at Bermondsey and Putney and was then Vicar of St James, Barrow-in-Furness. Subsequently Rural Dean of Dalton, he then became Archdeacon of Doncaster and Rector of High Melton. 
In 1947 he was elevated to the Episcopate as Bishop of Woolwich, a post he held until his appointment as Dean of Rochester. An Honorary Chaplain to the King, he retired to Fleet, Hampshire in 1966 and died twenty years later on Boxing Day.

</doc>
<doc id="20027639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20027639" title="Johnny Blatnik">
Johnny Blatnik

John Louis Blatnik (March 10, 1921 – January 21, 2004) was an American outfielder in Major League Baseball who played from through for the Philadelphia Phillies (1948–1950) and St. Louis Cardinals (1950). Listed at , , Blatnik batted and threw right-handed. He was born in Bridgeport, Ohio.
Known as a line-drive hitter and a strong-armed outfielder, Blatnik was the regular left fielder for the 1948 Phillies. He appeared in a career-high 121 games while batting .260 with 41 extra-base hits that season, and he also led the National League outfielders with nine assists. However, injuries cut short his career, and Blatnik appeared in just 28 games over the next two years. He began the 1950 campaign with the eventual NL champion Phillies "Whiz Kids," but was traded to the Cardinals for left-handed pitcher Ken Johnson on April 27 after only four games played with Philadelphia. He was sent to the minor leagues by the Cardinals after only seven more games and 23 plate appearances.
In a three-season Major League career, Blatnik was .253 hitter, with 113 hits, six home runs and 46 RBI in 138 games, including 59 runs, 27 double, eight triples, three stolen bases, and a .317 on-base percentage.
Blatnik died in Lansing, Ohio, at the age of 82 and was buried nearby in Holly Memorial Gardens.

</doc>
<doc id="20027649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20027649" title="Hiroyuki Omichi">
Hiroyuki Omichi

Club team career statistics.
Last update: 12 March 2010

</doc>
<doc id="20027654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20027654" title="Antonio Graziadei">
Antonio Graziadei

Count Antonio Graziadei (1872-1953) was an Italian academic and politician. One of the co-founders of the Italian Communist Party, he was Professor of Political Economy at the Universities of Cagliari and Parma and a member of the Italian Parliament from 1910 to 1926. In 1928 he went on a self-imposed exile to France to escape fascism. The following year he began his teaching activity at the University of Rome.

</doc>
<doc id="20027666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20027666" title="Novaković">
Novaković

Novaković (, meaning "Son of Novak") is a South Slavic surname, may refer to:
During the Second World War, over 1,600 predominantly Serbs with the surname "Novaković" were killed in the Jasenovac concentration camp by the Fascist Axis Ustashe.

</doc>
<doc id="20027690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20027690" title="Sir Lindsay Lindsay-Hogg, 1st Baronet">
Sir Lindsay Lindsay-Hogg, 1st Baronet

Sir Lindsay Lindsay-Hogg, 1st Baronet (10 March 1853 – 25 November 1923) was a British horse breeder and Member of Parliament for Eastbourne from 1900 to 1906.
Life.
Lindsay-Hogg was elected as Member of Parliament (MP) for Eastbourne at the 1900 general election, and held the seat until his defeat at the 1906 general election, after which he did not stand for Parliament again. He was awarded a baronetcy for his services to breeding light horses on 22 December 1905. He lived at Rotherfield Hall in the Weald, Sussex. He was also president of Crufts.
Family.
He married Alice Margaret Emma Lindsay-Hogg and had two children: Anthony in 1908 (who succeeded him in 1923) and Edward in 1910 (who became the fourth baronet in 1930).
Lady Lindsay-Hogg was attended in her old-age by society doctor and suspected serial killer John Bodkin Adams, who signed her death certificate as "Scirrhus carcinoma of the breast" when she died aged 96 on 23 August 1952. Her name came up during the 1956 investigation into Adams' methods, when nurse Gertrude Brady, who looked after Lady Lindsay-Hogg in 1950-1951, told police how she had been asked by Anthony Lindsay-Hogg to help get Lady Lindsay-Hogg's signature for a legal document. Brady had been worried by this since in her view Lady Lindsay-Hogg was "senile" and "confused". Adams witnessed Lady Lindsay-Hogg's signature and must "have known this as well". Adams was later tried for the murder of Edith Alice Morrell in 1957 but acquitted, though police suspected him of a total of 163 murders.

</doc>
<doc id="20027710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20027710" title="Miss Ranskill Comes Home">
Miss Ranskill Comes Home

Miss Ranskill Comes Home is a novel by Barbara Euphan Todd. It was first published in 1946, under her married name, Barbara Bower.
Plot introduction.
The novel tells the story of a woman who returns to England after being stranded on a desert island during the Second World War.
Reception.
Rosamund Lehmann described it as "a work of great originality … a blend of fantasy, satire and romantic comedy".
The novel was reissued in 2003 by Persephone Books.

</doc>
<doc id="20027716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20027716" title="Joan Ignasi Pla Durá">
Joan Ignasi Pla Durá

Joan Ignasi Pla Durá (Atzeneta d'Albaida, Spain, 31 July 1959) is a Spanish politician who belongs to the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE).
Married with one son, Pla graduated in law and also gained a diploma in public administration. He then worked in the Generalitat Valenciana, the Valencian regional administration, and later became secretary general of the Valencian regional branch of the PSOE. He became involved in national politics in 1996 when he was selected as part of the PSOE list for the national parliament as a candidate for Valencia province. Placed seventh on the list, in a district where the party had won six seats at the previous election, he was unsuccessful, as the party failed to gain any seats, however he joined the national parliament in 1999 as a substitute for a retiring member. He was re-elected in 2000 but stood down in June 2003, after being elected to the Corts Valencianes, the Valencian regional parliament.
In 2001 he successfully sought the PSOE nomination for President of the Generalitat Valenciana, defeating party rival Cipria Ciscar in the PSOE primaries, however in 2003, he lost the election to Francisco Camps of the Partido Popular. He also stood in 2007 for the Valencian Presidency, but again lost to Francisco Camps.

</doc>
<doc id="20027720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20027720" title="John Ton">
John Ton

John Ton (born Jan Cornelis Ton) (30 May 1826, Akersloot, North Holland - 4 June 1896, Chicago, Illinois) was a Dutch-born American abolitionist active in the Underground Railroad in Illinois.
Early life.
Ton was born in a village in the province of North Holland north of Amsterdam. He emigrated to America in 1849 with a group of Hollanders seeking a better life in America. They settled in an area about south of Chicago which they named "High Prairie," now Roseland, Chicago. John Ton settled on farm land further south on the north bank of the Calumet River that was owned by the Dalton brothers, Charles and Henry. This land is now part of the Riverdale community. In 1853, he married Aggie Vander Syde, another Dutch immigrant, and began raising a family. In 1859, they purchased the land from the Daltons. Eventually, John and Aggie had 14 children that lived to adulthood. 
Underground Railroad.
During this time, the country was on the brink of war over the slavery issue. Illinois was a hotbed having a southern border with slave states and leaders such as Abraham Lincoln advocating the abolition of slavery. Having achieved a better life for himself in America, John joined with other abolitionists in the area including Cornelius Kuyper, Charles Dyer, the Dalton brothers and others to establish a "link" in the Underground Railroad. Fugitive slaves could be hidden at his farm, away from the settlement of Roseland, until safe passage could be arranged to the next underground safehouse in Hohman Bridge (Hammond, Indiana) or possibly with a sympathetic ship captain leaving the Port of Chicago for Canada. In 2000, a community group called the Chicago/Calumet Underground Railroad Effort (C/CURE) was established to research and possibly develop the John Ton Farm site.
Following the War in 1867, John sold the farm on the Calumet River and moved to the north side of Roseland to an area known as Fernwood. He owned of land (8 city blocks) north of 103rd street and west of Wentworth. He donated the western edge of this land to the Chicago & Eastern Illinois Railroad to provide commuter rail service to the area from Chicago. In 1893, he built a unique "Dutch Victorian" style home at 316 West 103rd Street. He died April 6, 1896 and is buried in nearby Mt. Greenwood Cemetery.
Ton Family Reunions.
Between 1849 and 1865 seven of John's siblings also emigrated to the Roseland area and flourished. Upon his death in 1896, his family including descendants, brothers, sisters and their families held a picnic in his honor. They agreed to make the picnic an annual reunion for the Ton family. In 1911, the Ton Family incorporated for the purpose of "keeping the family in closer union" and to assure "the annual reunions are a permanent and pleasing feature of the Family." Descendants from the eight branches of the Ton Family grew to over 1,000 and the annual picnics became a community celebration that lasted for 60 years. According to Life Magazine, it was once the largest family reunion in American history.
References.
Marie K. Rowlands, (1987)""Down an Indian Trail in 1849: The Story of Roseland"" Darwell Press, Oak Brook, IL
George A. Brennan, (1923) ""The Wonders of the Dunes"" The Bobbs-Merrill Company, Indianapolis, IN Pages 124-126
""Calumet Area A Slave Haven Records Recall""
Chicago Tribune, July 4, 1948
""Five Old Residents Tell of Early Roseland""
Calumet Index, May 13, 1913
""Family Reunion, Descendants of John Ton gather in Chicago""
LIFE Magazine, September 24, 1945 Pages 122-125

</doc>
<doc id="20027729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20027729" title="Richard B. Merrill">
Richard B. Merrill

Richard Billings Merrill (1949–2008), aka Dick Merrill, was an American inventor, engineer, and photographer.
Merrill was born in New York City, the son of Dr. Frederick Hamilton Merrill and Joan Williams Merrill. He was the adoptive grandson of Richard Billings (son of Frederick H. Billings), and the grandson of Norman Williams of the family that donated the library in Woodstock, Vermont.
He was married in 1996 to Sengchanh (Seng) Phomphanh. They made their home in Woodside, California.
Merrill earned a master's degree in electrical engineering from Dartmouth College, and worked for National Semiconductor from 1980.
He was a founder of Foveon in 1997, and worked there until his death from cancer in 2008. He invented the "vertical color filter" technology of the Foveon X3 sensor that is at the heart of the novel digital cameras sold by Sigma Corporation (the SD9, SD10, SD14, DP1, DP2 and DP3).
Merrill's vertical color filter invention was originally based on a triple-well CMOS DRAM process. He later refined the idea using multiple epitaxially grown silicon layers for each of the vertically stacked color-detecting photodiodes.
Merrill shared the Royal Photographic Society's "Progress Medal" in 2005 with Dick Lyon and Carver Mead for the development of the Foveon X3 technology. Shortly before his death in 2008, he received the Kosar Memorial Award, "for significant contributions to an unconventional photographic system," from the Society for Imaging Science and Technology.
According to Carver Mead, Merrill was "the most creative engineer I have ever met." Merrill explained his inventive process this way, "There's a lot you can get in this world just by looking for symmetry, looking for patterns;" and "Look for a technological trend in one area and apply it to another."
On February 8th, 2012, Dr Merrill is honored by business partner Sigma Corporation by renaming Sigma's flagship DSLR SD1 to SD1 Merrill. Sigma SD1 utilizes the latest Foveon image sensor. 

</doc>
<doc id="20027732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20027732" title="Akira Ueda">
Akira Ueda

Career.
Ueda was born in 1970 in Tokyo, Japan. He moved to Urayasu, Chiba at the age of 10. As a teenager, he took a part-time job at Tokyo Disney Resort, where he worked until 1988, when he attended Tokyo Design Academy. He was hired by Square in 1990.
At Square, Ueda worked mostly as a background and map designer, most prominently on "". In 1995, he joined co-worker Kenichi Nishi and others in the establishment of the independent developer Love-de-Lic, where Ueda carried over his responsibilities from Square in the design of the company's first two releases. In 1999, Ueda left Love-de-Lic and joined Grasshopper Manufacture. He continued to design backgrounds and maps, but his debut as a director came with the two "Shining Soul" games released for the Game Boy Advance. He was also directed and acted as the main designer for "Contact" on the Nintendo DS.
Ueda left Grasshopper Manufacture in 2005 and founded Audio, Inc. the following January. The company currently consists of Ueda and 8 other individuals. So far, the company has made several Japan-exclusive releases on the DS, including its most recent game, "".

</doc>
<doc id="20027746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20027746" title="Jiang Gongfu">
Jiang Gongfu

Jiang Gongfu (姜公輔) (died 805) was an official of the Chinese Tang Dynasty who served as a chancellor during the reign of Emperor Dezong. In Vietnam he is known by the Vietnamese pronunciation of his name, Khương Công Phụ.
Background and early career.
It is not known when Jiang Gongfu was born, but it is known that his family was from Ai Prefecture (愛州, in modern Thanh Hóa Province, Vietnam), although the family claimed to be originally from Tianshui. Jiang Gongfu's grandfather Jiang Shenyi (姜神翊) served as a prefectural prefect, but his father Jiang Ting (姜挺) was not listed with any official titles. He had at least one younger brother, Jiang Fu (姜復).
After Jiang Gongfu passed the imperial examinations he was made "Xiaoshulang" (校書郎), an editor at the archival bureau (秘書省, "MIshu Sheng"). After he passed a special examination on policy proposals, he was made "Zuo Shiyi" (左拾遺), an advisor at the examination bureau of government (門下省, "Menxia Sheng"), and he was also made an imperial scholar at Hanlin Pavilion (翰林館). After more than a year, when he was to be given a different office, he submitted a petition, citing the poverty of his household and the agedness of his mother, requesting to be also made the census officer under the mayor of Jingzhao Municipality (京兆, i.e., the region of the capital Chang'an), because the census officer, while a low-level position, had a high salary, and his petition was granted. He was said to be capable and sensible, and whenever he met Emperor Dezong to make suggestions, Emperor Dezong often followed his suggestions.
In 783, with Emperor Dezong waging wars against several warlords in the east, the soldiers from Jingyuan Circuit (涇原, headquartered in modern Pingliang, Gansu), were at Chang'an to await deployment to the east. They were angered that they were not given rewards that they felt they deserved, and they mutinied. Emperor Dezong sent his son Li Yi (李誼) the Prince of Pu and Jiang to try to calm the soldiers, but the soldiers merely got angrier, and Emperor Dezong, in panic, decided to flee Chang'an. As he was ready to do so, Jiang tried to warn him about the dangers of leaving the senior general Zhu Ci in the city — as Emperor Dezong had removed Zhu Ci from his command in 782 due to his brother Zhu Tao's rebelling against imperial authority — and had served as the military governor ("Jiedushi") of Jingyuan Circuit before, and therefore might receive the Jingyuan soldiers' support. He suggested to Emperor Dezong that either he should kill Zhu Ci before leaving or ask Zhu to accompany him. Emperor Dezong, in panic, could not carry out either action, and left Zhu in the city. Emperor Dezong fled to Fengtian (奉天, in modern Xianyang, Shaanxi), and Jiang followed him there.
Emperor Dezong issued emergency edicts seeking aid from the nearby circuits. Meanwhile, the Jingyuan soldiers did as Jiang predicted and supported Zhu as their leader. Zhu initially claimed that he was merely calming the situation at Chang'an and was ready to welcome Emperor Dezong back to Chang'an, but soon there were rumors that Zhu was planning to claim imperial title himself and attack Emperor Dezong at Fengtian. In light of this, some officials who had fled to Fengtian suggested that Fengtian's defenses be shored up, but the chancellor Lu Qi, misjudging the situation, argued to Emperor Dezong that Zhu would surely remain faithful to Tang and advocated taking no precautions at all and stopping the incoming aid troops. It was only at Jiang's advice Emperor Dezong continued to receive the aid troops into Fengtian. At suggestion of Lu and Bai Zhizhen (白志貞) the commander of the imperial guards, Emperor Dezong sent his granduncle Wu Xu (吳漵) to Chang'an to communicate with Zhu. Zhu initially welcomed Wu as an honored imperial emissary, but soon put Wu to death. He declared himself emperor of a new state of Qin. He put Fengtian under siege, and during the siege, Emperor Dezong made Jiang "Jianyi Daifu" (諫議大夫), a high-level advisor at the examination bureau, and gave him the designation "Tong Zhongshu Menxia Pingzhangshi" (同中書門下平章事), making him a chancellor "de facto".
During chancellorship.
In 784, because the general Li Huaiguang also rebelled, Emperor Dezong fled further to Liang Prefecture (梁州, in modern Hanzhong, Shaanxi), and Jiang Gongfu accompanied him. On the way to Liang Prefecture, Emperor Dezong's oldest daughter Princess Tang'an died at Chenggu (城固, in modern Hanzhong). After Emperor Dezong reached Liang Prefecture, he wanted to build a pagoda for Princess Tang'an and bury her with great wealth. Jiang submitted a petition stating:
Emperor Dezong became angry and wanted to remove Jiang. Despite the intercession of Emperor Dezong's trusted advisor Lu Zhi, Emperor Dezong soon removed Jiang and made him a member of the staff of his crown prince Li Song.
After chancellorship.
Jiang Gongfu's mother soon died, and he left governmental service to observe a period of mourning for her. After the period of mourning, he was returned to Li Song's staff, but went a long time without being promoted. By 792, Lu Zhi was a chancellor. Because he and Lu Zhi were colleagues while they were imperial scholars, Jiang met Lu to request his help. Lu secretly responded:
In fear, Jiang offered to resign and asked to become a Taoist monk. When Emperor Dezong inquired as to the reason and found out that he was fearful, he did not dare to state that Lu had told him this information, and instead claimed that Dou told him the information. Angry that his words had been leaked, Emperor Dezong demoted Jiang to be the secretary general of Quan Prefecture (泉州, in modern Quanzhou, Fujian), and sent imperial eunuch messengers to Dou, in exile, to rebuke him. After Emperor Dezong died in 805 and was succeeded by Li Song (as Emperor Shunzong), Jiang was slightly promoted, to be the prefect of Ji Prefecture (吉州, in modern Ji'an, Jiangxi). He soon died, and was posthumously honored by Emperor Shunzong's son and successor Emperor Xianzong (to whom Emperor Shunzong, then seriously ill, passed the throne to in 805 as well).

</doc>
<doc id="20027754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20027754" title="Licuado">
Licuado

Licuados (also known regionally as batidos) are a Latin American handmade blended beverage similar to smoothies, made with milk, fruit, and usually ice. They are also sometimes called "preparados" (meaning "prepareds").
Licuados and other fresh fruit juice drinks are ubiquitous throughout Mexico. They are sold by street vendors, and in special licuado shops, restaurants, and fruterias (restaurants specializing in fresh fruit).
Terminology and variations.
Licuados ("blendeds" or "liquifieds" in Spanish) are among a larger category of fruit drinks made with fruit juice diluted with milk or water: "jugos" (juice), "vitaminas", "aguas frescas" (juice mixed with sugar and water), "refrescos" (nonalcoholic carbonated soft drinks), and "batidos". Names for various types of shakes and smoothies vary regionally, and are not completely fixed.
By contrast with aguas frescas, which are made in advance and ladled from large jars, and other drinks such as refrescos and jugos, which are typically mass-produced and bottled, licuados are blended and made to order. The main difference between a licuado and an American-style smoothie is that licuados use a milk base, whereas smoothies use fruit juice, sometimes in combination with sherbet or yogurt. This makes them lower in calories, thinner, and higher in protein than most smoothies, especially important in the third-world state of many of the Latin American countries such as Honduras and Nicaragua. Licuados may also contain nuts (such as almonds or walnuts) and sugar or honey. Variants include adding granola or using chocolate instead of fruit.
Sometimes batidos (loosely meaning "beaten") are said to have milk, with licuados described as a milk-free version. Term "batido" is described by some as Cuban. Different flavors of licuados or batidos have specific names, usually named after their ingredients. For example, a "trigo" (Spanish for "wheat") or "batido de trigo" is a batido with puffed wheat or other cooked grains blended in.
Popularity outside of Latin America.
Licuados became popular in the United States in the 1990s, during a period of immigration from Latin American countries. By 1996 the drink had arrived in New York City, where it was sold by street vendors. Already popular in border towns such as Tijuana (where they are a breakfast food) the drink spread to California, first among Mexican-Americans and at Mexican restaurants and food trucks. In 2002, the California Milk Processor Board spent $1.5 million to popularize the drink, as a way of promoting milk consumption following their success with the "Got Milk?" campaign. 
Equivalent drinks.
A similar drink, called "sinh tố" in Vietnam, is popular in Southeast Asia.

</doc>
<doc id="20027760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20027760" title="Isbell">
Isbell

Isbell may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20027768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20027768" title="Kenta Kasai">
Kenta Kasai

Club team career statistics.
Last update: 21 February 2010

</doc>
<doc id="20027786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20027786" title="Grain filler">
Grain filler

A grain filler or paste wood filler is a woodworking product that is used to achieve a smooth-textured wood finish by filling pores in the wood grain. It is used particularly on open grained woods such as oak, mahogany and walnut where building up multiple layers of standard wood finish is ineffective or impractical.
Composition.
Grain fillers generally consist of three basic components; a binder, a bulking agent and a solvent. The binder is wood finish, and in the case of oil-based fillers is typically a blend of oil and varnish. In the case of water-based fillers, it is acrylic or urethane. The type of binder influences the type of solvent used; oil-based fillers usually use mineral spirits, while water-based fillers use water. Both types of filler use silica as a bulking agent as it resists shrinking and swelling in response to changes in temperature and humidity.
Use.
Woodworkers will use a grain filler before applying other finishes to open grained woods to achieve a "full finish", which is mirror-like. Woods such as ash, oak, mahogany and walnut fall into this category, while tight grained woods such as maple and cherry can achieve a full finish with just a few coats of finish.
Before application, the surface is sanded and puttied to conceal surface imperfections, which would otherwise be made far more obvious by the grain filler. The filler is brushed on both with and against the wood grain and the excess is scraped off. After some drying, the woodworker typically uses a piece of burlap to remove more excess.

</doc>
<doc id="20027803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20027803" title="Grandison">
Grandison

Grandison is both a given name and a surname. Notable people with the name include:
Given name:
Surname:
Fictional characters:

</doc>
<doc id="20027830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20027830" title="Abbi">
Abbi

Absalom Nyinza, popularly Abbi, is an Afro-jazz and Afro-fusion musician from Kenya. He is backed by the Kikwetu band. He sings in several languages, including Swahili, English, French, his native Luhya and some other tribal languages.
Abbi started his career in 1993 being a member of a cappella gospel group "The Boyz", which was later renamed "Safari". He toured the United Kingdom and Germany with the band. Later he was part of Achieng Abura's band, and toured Spain during that time.
His solo debut album, "Mudunia" was released in 2003. At the 2004 Kisima Music Awards he won two categories: "Best male" and "Most Promising artist". His second album "Indigo" was released in August 2007. He has performed at Festival Mundial and North Sea Jazz festivals in the Netherlands and toured other countries a well. His music has been produced by Tedd Josiah of Blu Zebra studios.
He has campaigned for the Global Call to Action Against Poverty. He is among the Kenyan artistes who have been sponsored by the Alliance Française in Nairobi.

</doc>
<doc id="20027837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20027837" title="California Milk Processor Board">
California Milk Processor Board

The California Milk Processor Board is a nonprofit marketing board funded by California dairy processors, and administered by the California Department of Food and Agriculture, most famous for its Got Milk? advertising campaign. 
The organization was created in 1993 to counter falling sales of milk as Americans switched to soft drinks, health drinks, and other beverages.
The board is separate from the California Milk Advisory Board, which created the Happy Cows campaign and represents California's dairy families. 
Promotions.
In 1993, the Board launched its most successful and longest-lasting campaign, "Got Milk?". Designed initially by Goodby, Silverstein & Partners, the campaign is intended to convince current milk-drinkers to consume more milk.
In 2008, the Board launched the "White Gold" marketing campaign to appeal to teenagers, featuring a self-consciously fake rock band style commercial, with lead singer "White Gold" performing with the "Calcium Twins".
In 2009, the Board launched a sequel to the "White Gold" campaign by releasing "The Battle for Milkquarious", a 22 minute long rock opera featuring an array of old and new characters, including "White Gold", Strawberry Summers, Jug Life, Bovina the Uni-Pega-Cow, and the evil Nasterious. It was marketed as "The most amazing rock opera ever made about milk."
In 2011, the Board was criticized for its "Everything I do is wrong" campaign which critics claimed was bigoted. The board halted the campaign early, but enjoyed the negative publicity generated by launching a new site - www.gotdiscussion.org.

</doc>
<doc id="20027854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20027854" title="Kovic">
Kovic

Kovic may refer to:
-ković may refer to various South Slavic surnames:

</doc>
<doc id="20027888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20027888" title="1998 Grand Prix Hassan II – Singles">
1998 Grand Prix Hassan II – Singles

Hicham Arazi was the defending champion, but lost in the quarterfinals this year.
Andrea Gaudenzi won the title, defeating Álex Calatrava 6–4, 5–7, 6–4 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="20027894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20027894" title="Fourth Avenue Theatre (Anchorage, Alaska)">
Fourth Avenue Theatre (Anchorage, Alaska)

The Fourth Avenue Theatre, also known as the Lathrop Building, is a movie theater in Anchorage, Alaska that has been described as Art Deco, Streamline Moderne, and Art Moderne in style. Built beginning in 1941 and completed in 1947 after a halt during World War II, somewhat after the heyday of these styles, it was a large 960-seat first-run theater until the 1980s. 
The theater was designed by B. Marcus Priteca, a leading designer of themed cinemas in America, in association with Seattle architect A.A. Porreca for Cap Lathrop, a prominent Alaska businessman. The theater's lobby featured a gold leaf mural of Mount McKinley, but originally omitted a concession stand, a feature Lathrop felt was inappropriate. 
The main house was decorated with silver and gold murals by Anthony Heinsbergen and Frank Bouman of Los Angeles, and a rendering of the Big Dipper (a symbol of Alaska) on the ceiling. Murals were done on canvas with reliefs in Masonite leafed with gold and silver. The building's structure is reinforced concrete with travertine on the exterior street level. 
As the Lathrop Building, the complex included facilities for Lathrop's radio and television stations, a restaurant, and a penthouse apartment added in 1959-1960.
After some renovation by the city of Anchorage, the theater was used by a catering firm as a banquet facility. Rasmuson Foundation approved a program related investment structured as a low-interest loan to the Municipality of Anchorage in 2006 so that the city could purchase, restore and use the Theater for meeting space by the Anchorage Convention and Visitors Bureau. When the Anchorage Assembly voted to prohibit the City to act as the loan guarantor, Rasmuson Foundation rescinded the award offer. Due to the economic recession in the following years, these plans did not come to fruition. In 2011, the theater's new owner, Peach Investments, presented new restoration plans.

</doc>
<doc id="20027915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20027915" title="Barbara Jones">
Barbara Jones

Barbara Jones may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20027919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20027919" title="Stadionul Aerostar">
Stadionul Aerostar

Aerostar Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Bacău. It is the home ground of Aerostar Bacău. It holds 5,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="20027922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20027922" title="1992–93 New York Knicks season">
1992–93 New York Knicks season

The 1992–93 New York Knicks season was the 47th season for the team in the National Basketball Association (NBA). The Knicks had the most wins in the Eastern Conference during the regular season, and their 60–22 record earned them the conference's top seed in the 1993 NBA Playoffs.
In the opening round of the playoffs, New York defeated the Indiana Pacers, three games to one, and advanced to the conference semifinals. The Knicks won their series with the Charlotte Hornets in five games and gained a spot in the Eastern Conference Finals, where they faced the Chicago Bulls, who had eliminated the Knicks from the playoffs in three of the previous four years. After taking a 2–0 series lead, New York lost the next four games to end its season.
Playoffs.
East First Round.
(1) New York Knicks vs. (8) Indiana Pacers: "Knicks win series 3-1"
Last Playoff Meeting: Not available (first playoff series)
East Conference Semifinals.
(1) New York Knicks vs. (5) Charlotte Hornets: "Knicks win series 4-1"
Last Playoff Meeting: Not available (first playoff series)
East Conference Finals.
(1) New York Knicks vs. (2) Chicago Bulls: "Bulls win series 4-2 (after trailing 2-0 to Knicks)"
Last Playoff Meeting: 1992 Eastern Conference Semifinals (Chicago won 4-3)

</doc>
<doc id="20027925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20027925" title="Ren Shi Gong Fu">
Ren Shi Gong Fu

Ren Shi Gong Fu is a Xiaofanche derivative family system taught by the Ren family in Laixi, Shandong Province, PRC.
Origin and history.
Ren Zhao Hua, the founder of the system, created the Ren Fist style (RenShi Xiaofanche / Ren Shi Gong Fu) after combining his previous Shandong Mantis Training with the Xiaofanche training he had received from master Xu Sheng Xiao, the founder of the Xiaofanche style.
Over the last several hundred years, the system has been passed down through 7 generations of Ren Family masters.
Fighting methods.
The Ren Fist system is a system for practical application of martial techniques at the striking and clenching/trapping range. Ground fighting and grappling techniques are not taught. Throws, large and small joint manipulations and takedowns from the clenching range are taught in detail. 
Offensive attacks are direct and generally linear, while defensive tactics are generally circular, based on the style's principal of drawing the opponent in and striking at an angle. Students learn to use multiple hand shapes, knees, elbows, feet, shins and the forehead as striking weapons. 
Originally, the system was a combination of Xiaofanche and Northern Shandong Praying Mantis. It has been adapted by the current generation to include both military and sport sanda/sanshou techniques as well to reflect the realities of modern unarmed combat.
Ren He, the 7th generation faction representative and 32nd generation Shaolin Monk, has himself trained in multiple Chinese Martial Arts and has integrated many other aspects of his training into the Modern Ren Fist style. 
In addition to Xiaofanche, Shandong Mantis and Sanda/Sanshou, modern Ren Fist also incorporates techniques, principals and elements from:
Recognized 7th Generation Ren Shi Gong Fu Masters.
There are three masters currently teaching Ren Shi Gong Fu.
Ren He (7th Generation faction representative)- Ren He began his study of Ren Shi Gong Fu at the age of 10, under his grandfather, Ren Gao Chuan. At 20, Ren He made his own pilgrimage to Shaolin, where he became a 32nd generation Shaolin Monk.<br>
Notable Achievements<br>
-Winner of the 1990 Shaolin Fist Skills Championship in Henan Province<br>
-Appeared on the Chinese TV show "Who's the Hero?", a factual account of Sanda fighters and trainers in China.<br>
-Trained Provincial Sanda Champions in both Henan and Shandong Provinces
Ren Qiang -Ren Qiang began his training as a young boy under his grandfather, Ren Gao Chuan. He studied as a Shaolin deciple for 5 years.
Ren Ri Qin- Ren Ri Qin is the eldest practicing member of the Ren Family.
Study Kung Fu in China.
The Ren School of Gongfu is currently accepting foreign students. Students can do a live in private study at the school 5 days a week, 12 months a year.
The program covers:

</doc>
<doc id="20027942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20027942" title="Ninth Federal Electoral District of Chihuahua">
Ninth Federal Electoral District of Chihuahua

The Ninth Federal Electoral District of Chihuahua "(IX Distrito Electoral Federal de Chihuahua)" is one of the 300 Electoral Districts into which Mexico is divided for the purpose of elections to the federal Chamber of Deputies and one of nine such districts in the state of Chihuahua.
It elects one deputy to the lower house of Congress for each three-year legislative period, by means of the first past the post system.
District territory.
Under the 2005 districting scheme, Chihuahua's Ninth District is in the south-west portion of the state and covers the municipalities of Balleza, Batopilas, Bocoyna, Carichi, Chínipas, Cusihuiriachi, Dr. Belisario Domínguez, Gran Morelos, Guadalupe y Calvo, Guazapares, Hidalgo del Parral, Huejotitán, Maguarichi, Matamoros, Morelos, Nonoava, Rosario, San Francisco de Borja, San Francisco del Oro, Santa Bárbara, Santa Isabel, Satevó, El Tule, Urique, Uruachi and Valle de Zaragoza.
The district's head town "(cabecera distrital)", where results from individual polling stations are gathered together and collated, is the city of Parral.
Previous districting schemes.
1996–2005 district.
Between 1996 and 2005, the Ninth District was located, as now, in the south of the state and covered the municipalities of Allende, Balleza, Coronado, Guadalupe y Calvo, Hidalgo del Parral, Huejotitán, Jiménez, López, Matamoros, Rosario, San Francisco del Oro, Santa Bárbara, El Tule and Valle de Zaragoza. It its head town was the city of Parral.
1979–1996 district.
Between 1979 and 1996, the Ninth District was located in the north-west of the state and its head town was the city of Nuevo Casas Grandes.

</doc>
<doc id="20027945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20027945" title="Food street">
Food street

A food street, in Pakistan, is a street that is devoted specifically to eating out. They are lined with food stalls, restaurants, and other food shops, and are typically pedestrianized.
Description.
In Pakistan, a food street is a street that is devoted specifically to eating out. They are lined with food stalls, restaurants, and other food shops, and are typically pedestrianized. Food streets, and food parks, exist in several metropolitan cities in the country, and attending them has become a social norm, with people using them as both formal and informal meeting areas.
The first food street in Pakistan was Gawalmandi Food Street in Lahore. This has been followed by Melody Food Street and the food street in Blue Area in Islamabad, Burns Road in Karachi, the food street near Ghantar Ghar in Peshawar, and a second food street in Lahore at Anarkali.
In Islamabad, prior to the creation of Melody Food Street, restaurants were scattered around the city. The food streets make a wide range of cuisines available in a single area. The streets are patronized by office workers during the daytime, and by families in the evening. Members of middle class society prefer them because they are less expensive than hotels or high-quality restaurants.
The development of food streets has faced some opposition, from local traders objecting to the competition and to the overcrowding and pressure on parking and other facilities that the rush of people to a food street causes, to Islamic Clerics objecting to food streets on the grounds that they encourage mixing of the sexes and contribute to prostitution. The main food streets in Karachi are Burns Road Food Street, Boat Basin Food Street and Port Grand Food and Entertainment Complex(Street).

</doc>
<doc id="20027978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20027978" title="Percy Coldrick">
Percy Coldrick

Albert Percival "Percy" Coldrick (c. 1888 – ) was a Welsh dual code rugby player who played rugby union for Newport and rugby league for Wigan. He represented Wales under the union code and Wales and Great Britain under league rules.
Rugby career.
Born in Caerleon, Coldrick played for several teams, including a single game for Harlequins and represented Monmouthshire at county level, before being selected by Newport in 1909.
Coldrick gained his first international cap in a game against England as part of the 1911 Five Nations Championship. Under the captaincy of Billy Trew at the Swansea's St Helens Ground, Wales won the game 15-11. Coldrick was re-selected for the next game against Scotland, but failed to appear in the inaugural match in Paris. Coldrick was back for the final game in a Championship decider between Wales and Ireland and when the Welsh team won the match Coldrick became a Grand Slam and Triple Crown winning international. Coldrick played three games in the 1912 tournament, with his final rugby union international game being a contest against the French team at Rodney Parade. Although Wales beat France, eight of the fifteen Welsh squad never played for Wales again, Coldrick was one of them, though it was his own decision rather than a selection choice.
In 1912, Coldrick made himself ineligible for further selection to the Welsh union team when he switched to the professional game of rugby league, joining Wigan RLFC. Coldrick played two international games for the Welsh national league team, both against England, in 1913 and 1914. He also played for the Great Britain team. Coldrick was selected to tour with the England squad on the Ashes tour of Australia and was selected for all three tests, scoring a try in the second game. In 1919 Coldrick approached the Welsh Rugby Union to have his amateur status re-instated, though his application was refused. He left Wigan in 1925, and joined St Helens. 
International matches played under union code.
Wales
International matches played under league code.
Wales
Great Britain

</doc>
<doc id="20028002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20028002" title="Muslim Literary Society">
Muslim Literary Society

The Muslim Literary Society, London was founded in 1916 and was based in Notting Hill, West London, with Koranic translator Abdullah Yusuf Ali as its president. It was sponsored by the Woking Muslim Mission.
It is not to be confused with the American Muslim Literary Society or the Bengali Muslim Literary Society.
On 29 November 1917, the poet and novelist Marmaduke Pickthall, best known for his translation of the Koran, dramatically declared his conversion to Islam after delivering a talk on 'Islam and Progress' to the Society.
There are no references to the Society after 1917.
External links.
"The Infidel within: Muslims from Britain since 1800", by Himayun Ansari. - Hurst, 2004 ISBN 1-85065-685-1

</doc>
<doc id="20028014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20028014" title="Cound Brook">
Cound Brook

Cound Brook (pronounced COOnd) is a tributary of the River Severn in Shropshire, England, running to south of the county town Shrewsbury. The Cound Brook rises in the Stretton Hills and discharges into the River Severn at Eyton on Severn after winding its way for across the southern Shropshire-Severn plains.
The flow of the Cound Brook can vary from sluggish in a dry summer to a raging torrent in winter or spring. The river is crossed by several bridges along its route including two historic and unusual iron bridges. Several other roads cross the river as fords. The river has breached its banks on the lower flood plain several times in the past and is now monitored by the local rivers authority.
The river is named after Cound, the last settlement it passes through prior to the confluence with the River Severn. Conversely one of the villages on its route, Condover, is thought to be have been named after the river during the late medieval period.
The Coundmoor Brook is a smaller watercourse which flows into the Cound Brook near its confluence with the Severn at Cound.
Source.
The Cound rises from minor watercourses running off the Long Mynd and Caer Caradoc in the northern part of the "Stretton Gap", between the settlements of Church Stretton and All Stretton. One of the main initial tributaries is the stream that runs through the Carding Mill Valley, which is named "Ashbrook" as it flows through Church Stretton. In the village of All Stretton the Ashbrook combines with another considerable stream that comes down the Batch valley, effectively forming the beginning of the Cound, at . The embryonic river descends towards the Shropshire-Severn plain and heads north east mirroring the route of the A49 main road and the Shrewsbury to Hereford railway line.
Middle route.
With the rainwater runoff from the Stretton Hills the brook rapidly widens to a significant flow, passing to the east of Leebotwood and west of Longnor and the Medieval deer park there. Continuing to the east of Dorrington village, at Stapleton the Cound changes direction and heads eastwards.
The Cound passes through the historic and picturesque Condover with its conservation area and many Listed buildings. A water mill was recorded as standing on the Cound in Condover at the time of the Domesday Book. After Condover the river heads south east through Boreton.
Iron bridges.
To the north of the village of Cantlop there is an unusual cast iron single span bridge known as the "Cantlop Bridge", that was designed and constructed by Thomas Telford in 1820. Originally a road bridge to cross the Cound Brook, it now remains only as a historic monument as the original 19th century road route is now diverted alongside on a modern bridge. A small layby nearby allows access by the public and the bridge is maintained by English Heritage.
The river then passes through the village of Cound and under another iron bridge, the Coundarbour bridge, also designed and built by Telford, the oldest iron bridge still in normal every day use anywhere in the world and built in 1797. Telford's famous Iron Bridge had closed to vehicular traffic in 1934 and is now only open to pedestrians for a few hours each day.
Discharge.
The Cound Brook now follows an increasingly meandering route across a low lying flood plain until it discharges into the River Severn a few hundred yards west of Eyton on Severn and less than a mile south from Wroxeter (with its Roman city ruins), close to the northern end of the Watling Street Roman road from Dover.

</doc>
<doc id="20028021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20028021" title="Pitekunsaurus">
Pitekunsaurus

Pitekunsaurus is a genus of titanosaurian sauropod dinosaur from the Late Cretaceous of Neuquén, Argentina. It was described by L. Filippi and A. Garrido in 2008. The type species is "P. macayai". The generic name is derived from Mapudungun "pitekun", meaning "to discover", the epitheton honours the discoverer, oil company explorer Luis Macaya, who found the fossil in April 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="20028022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20028022" title="Whitetop, Virginia">
Whitetop, Virginia

Whitetop is an unincorporated community in Grayson County, Virginia, United States. It is the southern terminus of the Virginia Creeper Trail. Whitetop is named for nearby Whitetop Mountain, the second-tallest mountain in the State of Virginia, behind Mount Rogers.

</doc>
<doc id="20028032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20028032" title="Imani Coppola">
Imani Coppola

Imani Francesca Coppola (born April 6, 1978) is an American singer-songwriter and violinist probably best known for her 1997 hit "Legend of a Cowgirl" which sampled the instrumentals from "Sunshine Superman" by Donovan. In 2008 Coppola returned as one half of the pop duo Little Jackie, with a hit single "The World Should Revolve Around Me".
Early life and education.
Coppola grew up as the second-youngest of five children in Long Island, New York, Coppola's lower-income family, headed by a black mother and Italian father, did not fit in, and she and her family were picked on. Her circumstances encouraged her independence and also her creativity, as her family, who received welfare, had little money to pay for entertainment. Her mother, a teacher, was the primary income earner, while her carpenter father was often out of work and refused to earn an income from his art.
Coppola grew up surrounded by music, as her father is a jazz musician, her mother plays bass, and all of her brothers and sisters are musically inclined. She says her first musical memory is of her father, who was her biggest musical influence, playing the song "Bessie's Blues" "on a severely out of tune piano." She began playing violin at the age of six, eventually studying studio composition at the State University of New York at Purchase. She was not happy and left after one year, but during her time at Purchase, she made some demos and passed them on to her older sister Maya, who is a singer-songwriter in the music business. Maya gave them to her boyfriend, music publisher Ross Elliot, who got Coppola together with producer Micheal Mangini at Digable Planets. While still in college, Coppola cut three demo tracks with Digable that resulted in a bidding war for the artist among other studios. Coppola accepted a recording contract with Columbia Records in 1997.
Columbia contract.
Coppola's debut album, "Chupacabra", was released in 1997. The album was critically well-reviewed in "The New York Times", where Ann Powers described it as buoyed by "fanciful raps and supple vocals." Among the album's tracks, the song "Legend of a Cowgirl" became a video hit on MTV.
In 1998, Coppola played Lilith Fair, although she was vocal about her opinion of Lilith founder Sarah McLachlan before the tour, indicating that she felt McLachlan was "boring to watch live". "I think she's a good songwriter, at times, and singer. She's boring to watch live, though," said Coppola. " In 2000, she teamed with the Baha Men for the European and Australian Top 10 hit "You All Dat".
Columbia Records dropped her in 2000, subsequently shelving her second studio album, "Come and Get Me... What?!". Coppola had been frustrated by the music studio's desire for her to sample other artists when she wanted to compose her music entirely herself. Then 22, Coppola felt she needed to learn considerably more about music and art. Never having performed beyond high school musical theater, Coppola felt she had achieved success too easily, without truly working for it.
Independent career.
Without a major label behind her, Coppola started recording music at home in 2001, also in 2001, Coppola was part of the band supporting Sandra Bernhard in her off-Broadway production of "The Love Machine". She released two albums, "Post Traumatic Pop Syndrome" and "Little Red Fighting Mood" the following year through independent distribution. During this time Coppola also starred in the movie "The Singing Biologist" playing a smart and witty New York cafe singer looking for something new to bring to her band. By 2004, Coppola was playing acoustic guitar in small clubs like Forum in New York City with her drummer Alex Elana, in the Two Shadow Posse. According to Coppola, these events were not well-attended, and she hated performing at them.
In 2005, she launched her own website (created by a fan) and also opened an online music store where she released the shelved "Come and Get Me... What?!" as well as two new albums, "Small Thunder" and "The Vocal Stylings of Imani Coppola". Also in 2005, she wrote and performed the song "Freedom Come" for the independent film "On the Outs" and co-wrote Maia Sharp's single "Fine Upstanding Citizen". In 2006 she contributed two of her own songs, "Woodstock" and "Fake Is The New Real", and arranged all of the strings for artist Alice Smith's debut album "For Lovers, Dreamers and Me". She can also be heard singing back up vocals and playing strings on several songs of the album.
In 2006, she released a free skit album, "Audio Blahgs". On May 26, 2006 Coppola performed with Peeping Tom on "Late Night with Conan O'Brien". Subsequently, she went on tour with the band, providing both vocals and violin. During this tour, Imani has performed songs from her album "The Black & White Album". In an interview with Erin Broadley in November, 2007, Coppola indicated that she had enjoyed the experience of working with Patton and other artists, which she found artistically open.
Coppola's eighth studio album, "The Black & White Album", was released digitally on January 14, 2007 and released through Ipecac Recordings on October 30, 2007. Bill Braun wrote in "Amplifer Magazine" in November 2007 that Coppola's "The Black and White Album" has an organic nature that reflects America's diversity. "The Globe and Mail" wrote that "The Black and White Album" is a "brutally honest album that's fun to hear." Bret McCabe wrote in the "New York Sun" on November 13, 2007 that in "The Black and White Album" Coppola mixed musical genres like Brazilian pop wizard Tom Zé.
In November, 2007, Coppola said in interview that she was unsure if she was going to tour to support "The Black & White Album", citing financial concerns. She said, "I don’t even have a car. I don’t know, I would love to put together at least one banging show together for this album. Definitely, it deserves that."
2011, Imani released a new single and high budget video titled "Over It" which is found on "Imani's Magic Chicken Soup EP" found on Reverbnation.com
2012, the first single, a high energy trance club song titled "State Of The Art" was released off the upcoming new album "The Glass Wall."
Little Jackie.
In 2007, Coppola was signed to S-Curve Records as part of the band Little Jackie, with whom she collaborated with producer and multi-instrumentalist Adam Pallin. Coppola sees Little Jackie as an opportunity to get back into pop and also to generate the income she needs to follow her dream of developing artists herself. She indicates that "genre-bending acts" like Gnarls Barkley have enabled her to return to the music industry through this venture.
Speaking in July 2008 to noted UK R&B writer Pete Lewis of the award-winning Blues & Soul, Coppola stated: "Whereas, in my opinion, Imani Coppola is a REAL artist, Little Jackie represents my 'POPULAR artist' side... And to me this is probably my last attempt at becoming a superstar! If it blows up — WONDERFUL! If I become a superstar — FANTASTIC!... And if I don't, I guess I'll stay very happy just being a crazy-lady artist — making art every day and having that be my food!"
The group has released two albums, "The Stoop", which launched the hit single "The World Should Revolve Around Me" and in 2011, Little Jackie released their second album MADE4TV.
Songwriting and artistic vision.
Coppola says her songwriting is fused through a pop sensibility, within which she exercises her creativity and individuality. She indicates that her tastes and musical influences are diverse, including classical, which she acknowledges can be a problem in an industry that wants its artists to be clearly defined. Coppola decided to write in whatever genre she wanted. She describes her focus on "The Black and White Album" as "more experimental, more punk, more rock." Coppola also incorporates theater into her performance with her visual creativity, donning different wigs or makeup during performances.
Coppola uses a different process when she is songwriting for herself than when she is songwriting for another artist or writing on spec. She says, "My brain changes, my thought processes, my body language changes, the way I work changes...; When you do work for other artists, it’s definitely more of a job and it requires a lot of tools."
Among her career goals, she hopes to produce and develop other artists.
Personal life.
Coppola lives in Bedford-Stuyvesant. A private person, she also struggles with the modern demands for artist accessibility in the music world, with such demands as online interviews and video blogs. In making choices in her own life, she is torn between respect and resentment at the legacy left by her parents. She says, "My parents are both artists and we starved, we went through a lot of difficulty growing up because of their choices in life... When it comes down to making important decisions about my life and my foundation, you know, their artistic side haunts me. Like maybe I should just do what they did."

</doc>
<doc id="20028035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20028035" title="Ernald Lane">
Ernald Lane

Ernald Lane (born 3 March 1836) was an Anglican priest in the late 19th Century and the early part of the 20th. 
He was born the son of John Newton Lane of King's Bromley, Staffordshire and educated at Balliol College, Oxford. A fine rower he was ordained in 1862 and was a curate at Baldersby, Rector of Leigh, Staffordshire and then a prebendary of Lichfield Cathedral until 1888 when he became Archdeacon of Stoke. 
A noted scholar, he was the Dean of Rochester from 1904 until 1913. 
He married in 1879 Evelyn, the daughter of J. W. Philips of Heybridge, Staffordshire. 

</doc>
<doc id="20028037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20028037" title="Wang Hebo">
Wang Hebo

Wang Hebo () (1882–1927), whose forebears had come from Taiyuan, Shanxi, born in Minhou, Fujian, joined the CPC in June 1922. He led the strike of the Tianjin-Pukou Railway workers in 1923, which effectively supported the General Strike of February 7. Later, he led labor movements in Nanjing, Shanghai, Henan and some other areas.He was one of the leaders of the Third Armed Uprising of Shanghai Workers. He took charge of the revolutionary movements of peasants and workers in the northern provinces as the secretary-general of the Northern Office of the CPC.
He was killed in Beijing in 1927.

</doc>
<doc id="20028065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20028065" title="Canoeing at the 2000 Summer Olympics – Men's C-1 500 metres">
Canoeing at the 2000 Summer Olympics – Men's C-1 500 metres

The men's C-1 500 metres event was an open-style, individual canoeing event conducted as part of the Canoeing at the 2000 Summer Olympics program.
Results.
Heats.
18 competitors were entered on 27 September. The top three finishers in both heats moved on to the final. Fourth through seventh-place finishers and the fastest eighth-place finisher advanced to the semifinal. 
Overall Results Heats
Semifinal.
A semifinal was held on 29 September with the top three finishers advancing to the final.
Final.
The final took place on 1 October.
Kolonics, initially a C-2 canoer, moved to C-1 500 m when he and his partner Csaba Horváth failed to qualify in the Hungarian Olympic trials. His prior success in this event was a silver at the 1993 world championships, but he was able to upset then two-time defending event world champion Opalev (The Russian has won this event world championship five times as of 2008.) in the final. Before his 2008 death, Kolonics would win two more world championship silvers in the event, earning them in 2001 and 2002.

</doc>
