<doc id="19879517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879517" title="Commission on the Prevention of WMD proliferation and terrorism">
Commission on the Prevention of WMD proliferation and terrorism

The Commission on the Prevention of Weapons of Mass Destruction Proliferation and Terrorism (commonly known as the Graham/Talent WMD Commission) of the United States Congress was set up "to assess, within 180 days, any and all of the nation's activities, initiatives, and programs to prevent weapons of mass destruction proliferation and terrorism." The Graham/Talent WMD Commission was also asked to provide concrete recommendations- a roadmap- to address these threats.
The Graham/Talent WMD Commission is a legacy of the 9/11 Commission, which within the 9/11 Commission Report recommended for the creation of a commission to further examine these grave threats. House Resolution 1 (Sec. 1851) established the Graham/Talent WMD Commission.
Chaired by former U.S. Senator Bob Graham of Florida, along with vice-chair and former U.S. Senator Jim Talent of Missouri, the commission consists of seven additional individuals. 
The commission’s final report was released on December 3, 2008. The report was based on extensive research and provides 13 recommendations. The Commission held more than 250 interviews with government and nongovernmental experts, eight major commission hearings and one public hearing. 
The risk assessment of the report states, “Unless the world community acts decisively and with great urgency, it is more likely than not that a weapon of mass destruction will be used in a terrorist attack somewhere in the world by the end of 2013.” After the publication of its final report, the commission was reauthorized by Congress to implement the recommendations.
History.
The creation of the Commission, which was established by House Resolution 1, implements a key recommendation of the independent, bipartisan 9/11 Commission to address the grave threat that the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction poses to our country.
In its first year, the Commission assessed the nation’s current activities, initiatives, and programs aimed at preventing the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction and terrorism while providing a clear, comprehensive strategy with concrete recommendations to achieve this crucial goal. The Commission issued its report in December 2008.
During its second year of activity, the Commission is working to improve understanding of its findings—and to turn those concrete recommendations into actions. Specifically, the Commission is focusing on activities relating to:
■Threat awareness, which helps generate urgency, particularly in this time of many competing government priorities
■Bioterrorism, which the Commission identified as the most likely threat 
■Nuclear proliferation, which most of the recommendations address 
■Government reform, especially steps that will make addressing bio and nuclear threats more effective 
■Citizen/community engagement, to encourage an engaged citizenry.
Members of the Commission.
Chairman
Bob Graham
Vice Chairman
Jim Talent
Commissioners 
Graham Allison 
Robin Cleveland 
Wendy Sherman 
Henry Sokolski 
Stephen Rademaker 
Timothy Roemer 
Richard Verma
Resolution Creating the Commission.
Subtitle E: Commission on the Prevention of Weapons of Mass Destruction Proliferation and Terrorism - (Sec. 1851) Establishes the Commission on the Prevention of Weapons of Mass Destruction Proliferation and Terrorism to assess and provide a clear and comprehensive strategy and concrete recommendations for prevention activities, initiatives, and programs.
Directs the Commission to: (1) give particular attention to activities, initiatives, and programs to secure all nuclear weapons-usable material around the world; (2) significantly accelerate, expand, and strengthen U.S. and international efforts to prevent, stop, and counter the spread of nuclear weapons capabilities and related equipment, material, and technology to terrorists and states of concern; (3) address the roles, mission, and structure of all relevant government agencies and other actors, interagency coordination, U.S. commitments to international regimes and cooperation with other countries, and the threat of WMD proliferation and terrorism to the United States and its interests and allies; (4) reassess, update, and expand on the conclusions and recommendations of the Baker-Cutler Report; and (5) submit a final report on corrective measures to the President and Congress.
Recommendations.
The 13 Recommendations from the report, "World at Risk", are listed below.
1. The United States should undertake a series of mutually reinforcing domestic measures to prevent bioterrorism.
2. The United States should undertake a series of mutually reinforcing measures at the international level to prevent biological weapons proliferation and terrorism.
3. The United States should work internationally toward strengthening the nonproliferation regime, reaffirming the vision of a world free of nuclear weapons.
4. The new President should undertake a comprehensive review of cooperative nuclear security programs, and should develop a global strategy that accounts for the worldwide expansion of the threat and the restructuring of our relationship with Russia from that of donor and recipient to a cooperative partnership.
5. As a top priority, the next administration must stop the Iranian and North Korean nuclear weapons programs.
6. The next President and Congress should implement a comprehensive policy toward Pakistan that works with Pakistan and other countries to (1) eliminate terrorist safe havens through military, economic, and diplomatic means; (2) secure nuclear and biological materials in Pakistan; (3) counter and defeat extremist ideology; and (4) constrain a nascent nuclear arms race in Asia.
7. The next U.S. administration should work with the Russian government on initiatives to jointly reduce the danger of the use of nuclear and biological weapons. 
8. The President should create a more efficient and effective policy coordination structure by designating a White House principal advisor for WMD proliferation and terrorism and restructuring the National Security Council and Homeland Security Council. 
9. Congress should reform its oversight both structurally and substantively to better address intelligence, homeland security, and crosscutting 21st-century national security missions such as the prevention of weapons of mass destruction proliferation and terrorism. 
10. Accelerate integration of effort among the counterproliferation, counterterrorism, and law enforcement communities to address WMD proliferation and terrorism issues. 
11. The United States must build a national security workforce for the 21st century.
12. U.S. counterterrorism strategy must more effectively counter the ideology behind WMD terrorism. The United States should develop a more coherent and sustained strategy and capabilities for a global ideological engagement to prevent future recruits, supporters, and facilitators. 
13. The next administration must work to openly and honestly engage the American citizen, encouraging a participatory approach to meeting the challenges of the new century.

</doc>
<doc id="19879523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879523" title="TT56">
TT56

The Theban Tomb TT56 is located in Sheikh Abd el-Qurna, part of the Theban Necropolis, on the west bank of the Nile, opposite to Luxor. It is the burial place of the Ancient Egyptian official, Userhat who was the Royal Scribe, Child of the Royal Nursery, during the 18th dynasty king Amenhotep II, and his wife Mutnefret. TT56 is one of best preserved Theban nobility tombs from Western Thebes and its reliefs boast many vivid and brightly painted scenes depicting the deceased Userhat and Mutnefret receiving gifts and presents in the afterlife.

</doc>
<doc id="19879528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879528" title="Petteri Silván">
Petteri Silván

Petteri Silván (born 21 October, 1972) is a Finnish enduro rider and a five-time World Enduro Champion (including the overall world championship title in 1999). He is also a four-time winner of the International Six Days Enduro (ISDE) World Trophy with Team Finland.
Silván won the Finnish rounds of the World Enduro Championship in 1991, which earned him a factory team contract with Husqvarna for the following season. Riding in the 125 cc world championship for Husqvarna, he finished runner-up to Paul Edmondson in 1994 and then won his first world title in 1995. After an injury-filled 1996 season, Silván switched to Gas Gas and the 250 cc class, and won his second title in 1999. In 2000, he returned to Husqvarna and the smaller class, finishing second to KTM's dominant Juha Salminen who won all the ten rounds of the season. In the following years, he won his third and fourth world championship titles with Husqvarna before moving to KTM. Silván retired from the World Enduro Championship after the 2005 season, and has since competed in the Finnish national championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19879533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879533" title="Kearen Pang">
Kearen Pang

Kearen Pang is a Hong Kong cross-media creator who has written, directed and starred in theatrical productions and films. She graduated from the The Hong Kong Academy for Performing Arts, and joined the Chung Ying Theater Company in 1998 as a full-time actor. She also participated in the theater in different positions, including stage director, musical, choreographer and producer. She left Chung Ying in 2003. In 2004 she studied in Paris Studio Magenia for mime and physical theater. Her first film script was with Pang Ho-Cheung, co-director of the Berlin International Film Festival Silver Bear Award film Isabella (film) (2006). In 2005 she founded Kearen Pang Productions. Her performance was recognized and was awarded the Best Actress (Comedy/Farce) at the Hong Kong Drama Awards. In 2010, ‘’Sylvia’’ – an American drama was produced by Kearen Pang Production. Kearen was the producer and main actress of the play – Sylvia. This production was awarded as the 10 Most Popular Production of the Year in 2010, in the Hong Kong Drama Award. “Sylvia” was then rerun in June 2011. Kearen was elected by CNNGO.com as one of the “The Hong Kong Hot List: 20 People to Watch”, her drama play and script was described as “full of subtle drama and stealthy sentimentality that creeps into audiences hearts”. In 2011, Kearen was elected by RTHK and Hong Kong Federation of Drama Societies as “The Most Impressive Actress” in HK theatre in past 20 years.

</doc>
<doc id="19879536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879536" title="Mark Lambert (rugby union)">
Mark Lambert (rugby union)

Mark Lambert (born 19 February 1985 in England) is a rugby union player for Harlequins in the Aviva Premiership. He plays as a prop.
Lambert represented England at U19 and U21 level.
He made his debut for the England Saxons against the Argentina Jaguars at the 2009 Churchill Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="19879545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879545" title="James Inglis (rugby union)">
James Inglis (rugby union)

James Inglis born 26 August 1986 in England is a rugby union player for Harlequins in the Guinness Premiership. He is currently on loan to National League 1 table toppers Esher. He plays as a second-row.

</doc>
<doc id="19879549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879549" title="Panchagarh-2 (Jatiyo Sangshad constituency)">
Panchagarh-2 (Jatiyo Sangshad constituency)

The Panchagarh-2 constituency is a Jatiyo Sangshad (parliamentary) constituency in Panchagarh District in Bangladesh

</doc>
<doc id="19879554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879554" title="Nell">
Nell

Nell may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19879557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879557" title="Carol Williams">
Carol Williams

Carol Williams may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19879561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879561" title="History of Kodaikanal">
History of Kodaikanal

Kodaikanal () is a city and a Taluk division of Dindigul district in the state of Tamil Nadu, India.
The earliest residents of Kodaikanal were the Paliyan tribal people. The earliest specific references to Kodaikanal and the Palani Hills are found in Tamil Sangam literature of the early Christian era.
Modern Kodaikanal was established as a hill station by American missionaries in 1845, as a refuge from the high temperatures and tropical diseases of the plains.
In the 20th century a few elite Indians came to realize the value of this enchanting place and started relocating here. Kodaikanal is sometimes referred to as the "Princess of Hill stations". Much of the local economy is now based on the Hospitality industry, serving national and international tourists.
Etymology.
The Tamil language word கோடைக்கானல், refers to "a sanatorium at the top of Kodaikanal, the southern ridge of the Palani hills more than 7,000 ft. high".
It is not known who first used this name or what they intended it to mean, however, in the Tamil language there are at least five meanings. The word is formed from the two separate Tamil words "Kodai" and kāṉal (கானல்). "kāṉal" means a wood on a hill-slope, a dense forest or a closed forest.
Another Tamil meaning for வல்லி ("Kodi") is Valli, the honey collecting daughter of the chief of the Veddas mountain tribe. In ancient times the chief and his wife prayed to the Mountain God for a girl-child. Their prayers were answered when the chief found a new-born girl child during a hunting expedition. As she was found among creeper plants, they named the child Valli and she grew up as princess of the tribe "Kurinji" and became the consort of lord Murugan The romantic traditions of Murugan in Sangam literature are thus claimed to be associated with the name Kodaikanal. By integrating these meanings, Kodaikanal is "that place at the end of Valli's forest which is a gift in the summer".
Recently, tourists and locals have labeled Kodaikanal "Switzerland of the East", "Set of Southern Emeralds", "Chilled paradise among the Hills" and "Summer Heaven".
Ancient times.
There is archaeological evidence of human habitation in this area before the current era (BCE). Megalithic dolmens dating from early Chera Dynasty times, earthen pots and other artifacts which have been found here prove that the earliest residents of Kodaikanal were the Palaiyar (Pazhaiyar, "old ones") tribal people. Some local relics and artifacts of the Palaiyar can be seen in the Shenbaganur Museum.
The earliest written references to Kodaikanal and the Palani Hills are found in Tamil Sangam literature of the early Christian era. The classical Tamil poetic work Kuṟuntokai, the second book of the anthology Ettuthokai, contains poems dealing with matters of love and separation. It evokes the geographic "thinai" of the mountainous region of "Kurinji". It is the scene of lovers' union at midnight, a forest rich with lakes, waterfalls, teak, bamboo and sandalwood. In this region millet grows and wild bees are a source of honey. 
Love in this setting is exemplified by Murugan, and his consort, Valli, the honey collecting daughter of a "Kurinji" mountain dweller. He rides a Peacock, the bird of the mountains. The name of the region, "Kurinji", derives from the name of the famous flower Kurinji found only in the lofty hills of Tamil country.
The once in ten or twelve years blossom of the Kurinji is an event of jubilation and purity symbolizing the frenzy of a sudden love shared, in concert with the unleashed forces of nature: the amorous dance of peacocks, their echoing cries, the splash of waterfalls, the roar of savage beasts. The lovers hold each other tighter still and forget the dangers of the mountain path.
One of the Kuṟuntokai poems:
The legacy of this epic Sangam love poetry is maintained by Arulmighu Dhandayuthapani Swamy Thiru Kovil, Palani at The Kurinji Andavar Temple in Kodaikanal. This holy place is famous for the Kurinji flowers which blossom nearby only once every 12 years.
The deity here is called "Sri Kurinji Easware". He is in fact Lord Murugan.
Agricultural settlers of the Palani Hills, mainly Mannadiyar ("king's servants") caste, were allotted these hill lands about the 14th century by the Madurai Nayak Dynasty, according to some local people , though others claim that their ancestors came later as refugees from the Palani foothills who escaped from the invasions of Tippu Sultan.
Western settlers.
In 1821, the first westerner to visit Kodaikanal, a British Lieutenant, B. S. Ward, climbed up from his headquarters in the Kunnavan village of Vellagavi to Kodaikanal to survey the area on the hilly ranges of Palani. His report of a healthy climate in beautiful hills with accessibility from Periyakulam encouraged the early settlers.
In 1834, Mr. J.C Wroughten, then Sub-Collector of Madura and Mr. C. R. Cotton, a member of the Madras Presidency — Board of Revenue, climbed up the hills from Devadanapatti and built a small bungalow at the head of Adukkam pass near Shenbaganur. 
In 1836, the noted botanist Dr. Robert Wight, a Fellow of the Linnean Society of London, visited Kodaikanal and recorded his observations in the 1937 "Madras Journal of Literature and Science". He collected over 100 plant specimens in 15 days, which were useful to later botanists.
In 1845, the first two bungalows, "Sunny Side" and "Shelton" were built by six families of American missionaries from Madurai with the help of an Englishman, Mr. Fane. In 1852, Father Louis Saint Cyr visited Kodaikanal and returned to the plains after finding only four bungalows; "Baynes, Parker, Clark" and "Parday".
In 1852, Major J. M. Partridge of the Bombay Army built himself a house in Kodai and became the first person to actually settle there. Others soon followed like Fonclair and the coffee planter, Judge Elliot. It was not until Blackburne, the Collector of Madurai, built a home there that the development of Kodai gathered pace.
In 1853, a group of American and British built Kodai's first church building, the Anglican Church of St. Peter.
In 1853 only seven houses were there and the number rose to a dozen in 1861.
In 1860, The Governor of Madras Presidency, Sir Charles Trevelyan visited Kodaikanal and stayed in "Roseneath Cottage", which is still occupied. In May 1860, Father Louis Saint Cyr returned with father Rettary and several Frenchmen, Belgians and Europeans, stayed in "Baynes bungalow" and by September 29 had bought that place to use as a rest house for the members of Christ Church. The bungalow was renamed "La-providence" in honor a lady with that name who gave Rs.20,000 for reconstruction of the bungalow. La Salette Church was finished and dedicated in 1866.
In 1861, Major Douglas Hamilton recorded 114 species of birds in Kodaikanal and discovered two new ones-the Laughing Thrush and the Kodaikanal White-bellied Shortwing.
On November 19, 1862, David Scudder drowned in the Vaigai River between Andipatti & Periyakulam, 20 months after arriving in Tamil Nadu., Interment was in the old Anglican Churchyard, at Kodaikanal. The inscription on his headstone is still clearly legible. It reads:
"D.C.S. Missionary of the A.B.C.F.M. In Southern India. Born in Boston, U.S.A. Oct. 27, 1835 Landed at Madras June 26, 1861 Drowned in the Vaigai River Nov. 19, 1862"
In 1863, acting on a suggestion of Sir Vere Levinge, then Collector of Madurai, a lake was formed by blocking a stream. From then on, Kodaikanal has been developing.
In 1867, Major J. M. Partridge of Bombay Army imported Australian Eucalyptus and Wattle trees to Kodaikanal.
In 1871, the new Governor of Madras, Lord Napier visited. His bungalow was named "Napier Villa". These early settlements and visits by important people established Kodai's legitimacy among the Western residents of Tamil Nadu as an accepted alternative to Ootacamund as a summer retreat.
In 1872, Lt. Coaker cut a path along the steep south east facing ridge which commends a magnificent view of the plains below. The 1 km (.6 mi) path was named after him as "Coaker's Walk". He is often remembered as "the man who prepared the most exceptional, the most descriptive map of Kodai".
In 1879, seventy-five Europeans came to Kodai for the season. That year "Murrays Guide" described Kodaikanal as a settlement "of only 10 – 15 small ugly houses". Later many American and British families visited and decided to remain in the temperate hill station.
In 1883, Kodaikanal had 615 permanent residents. It also became a regular summer retreat for many American Missionaries and European diplomats who came here primarily to escape the sweltering summer of the plains. Among them, William Waterbury Scudder D.D. was a missionary who joined the Arcott Mission in 1852, retired in 1894, and was buried at Kodaikanal in 1900.
In 1895, the American Madurai Mission built the Union Church building.
In 1901, The first observations were commenced at the Kodaikanal Observatory .
In 1909, when the "Guide to Kodaikanal" was published by E.M.M.L., there were 151 houses, "most of them anything but small and ugly" and a post office, churches, clubs, schools and shops.
In 1914, the present ghat road was compeleted and was subsequently improved. In 1989, the total length of the roads on the hills was more than 45 km.
In April 1915, Dr. Van Allen raised funds to construct the first unit of the hospital at the entrance of Coaker's walk. It was named after him. Facilities got updated from time to time and now it has an X-ray machine, well equipped pathological lab, and an operation theatre with blood transfusion facilities. Government Hospital was a small municipal hospital until 1927. Now it has X-ray, Dental, Maternity ward and other facilities.
In 1953, at a sprightly 82 years old, Dr. Ida S. Scudder sat in her bungalow, "Hilltop", at Kodaikanal, overlooking the Vellore Christian Medical College and its hospital, which she founded, and opened a stack of letters and telegrams. Her name is a famous one in India. A letter once reached her addressed simply, "Dr. Ida, India." The mail was heavier than usual because friends around the world were congratulating her on winning the Elizabeth Blackwell Citation of the New York Infirmary, as one of five outstanding women doctors of 1952. She died on May 24, 1960 at age 90, of a circulatory ailment, in Kodaikanal.,
Ghat road.
Travelers going to Kodaikanal starting their journey at Ammaianayakkanur village traveled in 12 to 14 hours by bullock cart up to Krishnamma Nayak Thope. From there, the journey to Kodaikanal was undertaken with conveyance by foot, horses, or Palanquins with sufficient hired coolies.
In 1854, an improved bridle path was built from Krishnamma Nayak Thope. In 1875, the Indian railways extended its line from Chennai to Tirunelveli and a train station named Kodai Road was built near Ammaianayakkanur village, to facilitate visits to Kodaikanal.
Many started at Dindigul and began their climb to Kodai from Periyakulam. In 1862, Clements Robert Markham described his journey:(p. 400) Dindigul is about forty miles from the foot of the ghaut 
leading up to the Pulney hills, and relays of bullocks were 
posted for me every seven miles, with a man running in 
front of the cart with a blazing torch.
Passing through the 
village of Periacolum, round which there are many large 
tanks and extensive rice cultivation, we reached the jungle at 
the foot of the Pulney hills at early dawn. The path, which 
is only practicable for ponies and pack-bullocks, leads up a 
ravine for half the distance, and then corkscrews up the steep 
sides of the mountain. The range looks very imposing from 
the plain...
After resting under a clump of trees I 
commenced the ascent on foot, driving an unhappy sheep 
before me, which was to be sacrificed on the summit, where, 
at this time of the year (end of November and beginning of December), there are no residents, no market, 
and no means of procuring any supplies. 
The ascent is exceedingly beautiful, ... (p.401) At 6000 feet the steep ascent is 
covered with long grass, and trees are confined to sheltered 
hollows and ravines. After reaching the plateau it is 
necessary to scale a second steep grassy slope before arriving 
at the settlement of Kodakarnal, which is 7230 feet above 
the level of the sea.
Kodakarnal consists of eight houses, 
built along the crests of undulating hills, and one of the 
inner slopes is clothed with a wood of fine trees and tree- 
ferns, from which the Tamil people have named the settlement.
By 1878, the path from Tope was extended and later completed up to Kodaikanal. 
Engineer Major G. C. Law was deputed to study and submit a plan to build a moterable road to the hills. The road was finally completed in 1914 and opened for public traffic in 1916. Public buses started using the road in 1916. This old horse trail is now a wide 2 lane asphalt paved roadway rising with only 2 hairpin turns. It is always well maintained.
The State Highway Department has designated this road as SH-156, "Kodai Ghat Road", with a length of . It begins at on the Grand Southern Trunk Road (NH-45), about west of Batlagundu.
Also, during World War II, the Kodaikanal–Munnar Road, an evacuation road from Kodai along the hillcrest to Top Station and Munnar, then down to Calicut was built by the British because of fear of the Japanese invading India.
Kodaikanal lake.
In 1863, Kodaikanal Lake was created by Sir Vere Hendry Levinge, who was then the Collector of Madurai District, by damming three streams flowing into a valley. He stocked the lake with local fish and brought Kodai's first boat from Tuticorin. He lived in "Pambar House" after his retirement. Pictures taken in Kodaikanal during the early years of its settlement show the area around the lake with very few trees and a marshy landscape. The manmade lake then had no bunds.
In 1890, the Kodaikanal Boat Club was formed. Today there are three different Boat Clubs with a variety of boats available for hire. There is now an excellent lighted and paved sidewalk and bicycle path around the lake. There are strict municipal laws against construction near the lake.
Twentieth century.
In 1901 Kodaikanal had a population of 1,912.
In the 20th century a few elite Indians came to realize the value of this enchanting hill station and started relocating here. Amongst the current Indian locals, there are often discussions about how their ancestors trekked and climbed the hills, from the villages in the foothills. It sometimes took them up to two full days to scale the steep valleys, braving attacks from wild animals and eventually reaching the summit of what is now Kodaikanal market, to sell their produce from the plains.

</doc>
<doc id="19879572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879572" title="World Product Center">
World Product Center

World Product Center is a building that was scheduled to be built on 11th Avenue and West 34th Street in the Hell's Kitchen neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City. The building would have more than of space. The building would have been used as a Hospital, Medical center, and a Lab. The building would have allowed doctors to use the buildings lab and a place to study on disease and researching. The building would also have allowed visitors to visit and study the Lab and Medication studies that go on in the building which will allow more than 2 million visitors annually. The building would have also been tall. It was expected to start construction in 2009 and be complete by 2011. The World Product Centre would be one of the world’s first permanent healthcare marketplace and education center. A 60-story, tower at 555 W 33rd Street, World Product Centre (WPC) would have served the unique commercial and educational needs of healthcare suppliers and providers. Medical companies would have work together to improve the global healthcare industry, including medical devices, diagnostics, technology, pharmaceuticals and healthcare services. The WPC would have also showcased medical technologies from the healthcare industry, including medical devices, diagnostics, technology, life sciences, and services. The Complex' Homepage is still in operation with a completion date indicated for the year 2013 suggesting that the Project is still supported however further information or recent updates as to its eventual status is currently not available as of January 2012. As of December 2012 the website is still up announcing a brand new homepage, presumably with updated information and content about the project and its status, to be currently in the works. 
Development & construction.
The World Product Center was to be developed by the Extell Development Company. World Product Center would be equipped with business technology, communication and education resources to support healthcare commerce. The World Product Centre facilities would have included permanent Showrooms, conference and educational facilities, media centers and traditional office space. The building would have also featured a Consumer Health Pavilion open to the general public, including students, tourists and other healthcare consumers. The Pavilion was to offer guided tours, interactive forums, and a wealth of information supporting health literacy, prevention and wellness, and those considering careers in healthcare. Hewlett Packard (HP), the world's largest technology company, had designed a vendor-neutral technology infrastructure.
Plans called for over of education and conference space that includes a two-story, 499 seat, fully digitized Auditorium. Medical device manufacturers, pharmaceutical companies, healthcare associations, and WPC itself will offer events of all kinds, including accredited professional and medical education courses.
Companies that were to participate in WPC would have received permanent showrooms and exclusive access to all of the resources and amenities.

</doc>
<doc id="19879578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879578" title="Shane O'Connor (rugby union)">
Shane O'Connor (rugby union)

Shane O'Connor (born 29 March 1983 in Ireland) is a rugby union player for Harlequins in the Guinness Premiership. He plays as a second-row. He joined them from Munster in the Summer of 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19879581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879581" title="Alex Rogers">
Alex Rogers

Alex Rogers born 16 December 1986 in England is a rugby union player for Harlequins in the Guinness Premiership. He plays as a prop.

</doc>
<doc id="19879584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879584" title="Gareth Williams (rugby union)">
Gareth Williams (rugby union)

Gareth Williams is a Welsh rugby union player. A scrum-half he has represented his country from Welsh Schoolboy level through to the Under 20's. In 2008, he was a member of the Wales squad for U20 Six Nations and U20 World Cup.
Williams began his senior career with Neath. In 2008 he joined Harlequins and made his debut in the pre-season friendly against Connacht 16 August 2008. 
In December 2009 Williams joined Newport Gwent Dragons on a short term loan arrangement from Harlequins.
Williams departed NG Dragons in 2011, joining Pontypridd RFC during the summer months.

</doc>
<doc id="19879599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879599" title="The Same Stuff as Stars">
The Same Stuff as Stars

The Same Stuff as Stars is a children's novel written by Katherine Paterson. It was published in 2002. 
Summary.
Patterson's book, "The Same Stuff as Stars" deals with the struggles of a young girl. Protagonist, Verna Morgan is a Single mother who struggles to support her family. Verna's daughter Angel is often left caring for her seven year-old brother, Bernie. Their mother visits their father who is in jail, and then unexpectedly forces them to pack their belongings. The children are taken to what seems to be the middle of nowhere, to an unfamiliar farm; the Morgan Farm. There, they find their great-grandmother, and their mother leaves them again for a few days. But Angel meets a mysterious stranger encouraging her to reach for the stars. The story later unfolds as Angel makes friends, learns about stars, about her relatives and the disappearing of her mysterious star man. 

</doc>
<doc id="19879605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879605" title="David Blaney">
David Blaney

David Blaney born 3 March 1979 in Ireland is a rugby union player who played for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership. He plays as a hooker. He left Bristol at the end of the 2010–11 season.
Educated in Terenure College, Dublin, he was the winning captain of the 1997 Leinster Senior Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="19879607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879607" title="Boot Service Discovery Protocol">
Boot Service Discovery Protocol

Boot Service Discovery Protocol (BSDP) is an Apple-developed, standards-conforming extension of DHCP. It allows Macintosh computers to boot from bootable images on a network instead of local storage media such as CD, DVD, or hard disk. The DHCP options used are the "vendor-specific information" option (number 43) and the "vendor class identifier" option (number 60).
There are three versions of BSDP, though usually version 1.0 is used. All versions enable a client to choose from several bootable images offered by a server.
The reference implementation of BSDP is Darwin's BOOTP server, which is part of Mac OS's NetBoot feature.
Description.
Contents of DHCP Vendor Class Identifier.
The DHCP server and client send a vendor class option that contains an ASCII-encoded string with three parts delimited by a "/" character. The first part is "AAPLBSDPC", which advertises BSDP capability. The second part is the client's architecture ("ppc" or "i386"). The third part is a system identifier. For example, an Intel-based iMac sends
as its vendor class. A list of Microsoft vendor classes can be found here.
Contents of DHCP Vendor Specific Information Options.
According to RFC 2132 the DHCP Option carrying the number 43 is reserved for vendor specific information. This information is stored in the following format:
If the vendor wants to convey multiple options within this option field, this is done with encapsulated vendor-specific extensions. Vendor encapsulated extensions contain one or more concatenated fields. Each field consists of:
The following table describes the possible field types. All numeric fields are interpreted as unsigned and Big Endian integers.
Example.
The following example illustrates the construction of the Vendor Encapsulated Option:
The first field here, 01 01 02, means that the packet is a BSDP "SELECT" message. The 01 declares that field specifies the BSDP Message Type. The next 01 indicates that the field contents are one byte long — 02 is the code for "SELECT".
The following 08 04 81 00 07 e5 means that the boot image with the ID 2164262885 is selected.
Finally, 82 0a 4e 65 74 42 6f 6f 74 30 30 31 means that a string with 0x0a = 10 characters, namely "NetBoot001", is the name of the system to boot.

</doc>
<doc id="19879608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879608" title="Ryan Prosser">
Ryan Prosser

Ryan Prosser (born 10 July 1988) is a professional rugby union. He plays as a hooker. In June 2008 he represented Wales in the under 20 Junior World Cup.
In January 2010 he joined the Cornish Pirates from Bristol 

</doc>
<doc id="19879611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879611" title="Iain Grieve">
Iain Grieve

Iain Grieve (born 19 February 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswana) is a rugby union back-rower for Bristol Rugby in the RFU Championship.
Grieve moved to Bristol from Botswana at the age of 15, and joined the Bristol Rugby Academy soon after. He has represented England at U18, U19 and U21 level.
Grieve become a regular first team player for Bristol during the 2008-09 Guinness Premiership and was appointed Playing Captain for the 2010-11 RFU Championship. Bristol Rugby Chairman Chris Booy announced that he would captain the club for the second time during the 2011-12 RFU Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19879614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879614" title="Virginal Co Ordinates">
Virginal Co Ordinates

Virginal Co Ordinates is an album by Eyvind Kang, released in 2004 by Ipecac Recordings.
Track listing.
All tracks written by Eyvind Kang.

</doc>
<doc id="19879620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879620" title="James Phillips (rugby union)">
James Phillips (rugby union)

James Phillips (born 27 September 1987 in England) is a rugby union player for Exeter Chiefs in the Guinness Championship. He plays as a back row or second row.
Phillips made his professional debut for Bristol debut against Sale Sharks in the 2007/08 season and has represented England at U16's and U18's level.
In January 2010, he extended his contract with Bristol. However, he signed for Exeter in June 2010, following Bristol's loss (to Exeter) in the Championship final.

</doc>
<doc id="19879623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879623" title="Chris Ashwin">
Chris Ashwin

Chris Ashwin born 19 November 1987 in England is a rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership. He plays as a fly-half.

</doc>
<doc id="19879626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879626" title="Greg Barden">
Greg Barden

Greg Barden (born 8 February 1981 in Perth, Western Australia, Australia) is a rugby union played for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership. He plays as a centre.
Club Career.
He has 12 caps for the Royal Navy rugby team and two caps for the Combined Services. He was picked to play for the England Rugby Sevens squad in 2009 where they beat New Zealand in London. His fifth career try in the IRB Sevens World Series came during the final game of 2009-10 when England lost 15-12 to Samoa in Edinburgh at the end of May. He was picked for the England 7's team for the 2010 Commonwealth Games in Delhi.

</doc>
<doc id="19879667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879667" title="Allied Arts of Seattle">
Allied Arts of Seattle

Allied Arts of Seattle is a non-profit organization in Seattle, Washington, USA. The organization advocates for public funding of the arts, better urban planning and architecture, and other civic improvements. The organization claims to be the "oldest non-profit organization in Seattle dedicated to urban livability", but, in any case, at 50+ years old is certainly a venerable organization by the standards of a city barely older than 150 years It was a major force in establishing the Seattle Arts Commission, creating Seattle Center on the grounds of the Century 21 Exposition (1962 world's fair) and preserving historical landmarks and neighborhoods, particularly Pioneer Square and Pike Place Market, as well as defeating the 2012 Seattle Olympic bid.
Early history.
Allied Arts grew out of the Beer & Culture Society organized in early 1952 by University of Washington drama professor John Ashby Conway. Other early members were U.W. professors Lloyd Schram, Robert Dietz, and Norman J. Johnston, assistant Seattle Art Museum director Sherman Lee, and architect John Stewart Detlie. On October 3, 1954, the Beer & Culture Society convened a "Congress" of the Arts that established Allied Arts as a permanent organization. Detlie became its first president. A second Congress in 1955 led to formal incorporation. By 1956, Allied Arts represented 57 local arts organizations and 55 artists and activists, including Kenneth Callahan, George Tsutakawa, and Lucile Saunders McDonald.
The new group convinced the city to create an advisory Municipal Art Commission. The Commission, created August 1, 1955 published a master plan on June 23, 1956, which reads like a list of what would occur in Seattle over the next few decades. They proposed dedicating 2 percent of city capital funds to purchase art works (which in 1973 became One Percent for Art); establishing an annual city arts festival (Bumbershoot, established 1971); hosting a world's fair (the Century 21 Exposition, 1962); public funding for the Seattle Symphony; creating opera and ballet companies (the Seattle Opera, founded 1963, and Seattle's Pacific Northwest Ballet, founded 1972 as Pacific Northwest Dance Association, are now among the leading institutions of their kind in the country); burying public utility lines; preserving historic landmarks; and planting street trees. The group also campaigned for a State Arts Commission (founded 1961). Their proposal to prohibit billboards met with lesser success (billboards in Seattle are now highly regulated, but not prohibited ).
Allied Arts and the Arts Commission campaigned for a new civic center. Voter approval in November 1956 of a $7.5 million bond issue to upgrade the Civic Auditorium into an Opera House (later remodeled again as McCaw Hall proved to be the first step toward the creation of the grounds for the Century 21 Exposition, later site of Seattle Center. Robert J. Block emerged as a leader during this period. He later helped establish the arts funding group Allied Arts Foundation.
Preservation.
Central Seattle's cityscape in the 1950s had changed little since before the Great Depression. Many buildings from the late 19th and early 20th century survived, but most were in poor shape, and the success of Boeing was gradually turning Seattle into a more prosperous city. These older buildings were either going to be renovated or replaced. Allied Arts stood foursquare on the side of preservation. Under the leadership of architects Victor Steinbrueck, Fred Bassetti, and Ibsen Nelsen, the group was prominent in the creation of the Pioneer Square Historic District (1970) and the Seattle Landmarks Preservation Board (1973), and were key supporters of a 1971 initiative that preserved Pike Place Market. With respect to this last, an Allied Arts committee reconstituted itself in 1964 as the independent organization Friends of the Market; Since 1974, Allied Arts and Friends of the Market have each been allocated two of the twelve seats on the Market Historical Commission which operates independently of other Market governance bodies with the specific mandate to preserve the Market's physical and social character as "the soul of Seattle."
In this period, Allied Arts also advocated for the creation of the Seattle Design Commission that now guides municipal architecture. Other prominent Allied Arts leaders in this period were "secretary" and manager Alice Rooney, Jerry Thonn, Peggy Golberg, Lew Pritchard, Alf Collins, and Rae Tufts.
A new generation of Allied Arts leaders emerged in this period. Paul Schell, later mayor, came to prominence as Allied Arts president and led the successful effort to establish One Percent for Art, with a more powerful Seattle Arts Commission replacing the earlier Municipal Art Commission. In the 1980s, Margaret Pageler and Victor Steinbrueck's son Peter Steinbrueck, both later members of the Seattle City Council were instrumental in the Citizens Alternative Plan (CAP) that put a moratorium for some years on new Downtown skyscrapers. Allied Arts also played a role in this period in establishing funding and changing zoning to promote artists' housing, and in the plans for facilities at the former Sand Point Naval Air Station.
Not everything was a victory. In January 1992, despite much protest, the Music Hall Theater at 7th and Olive was demolished despite its landmark status. In the wake of its destruction, Allied Arts—led in this period by Mia McEldowny, Karen Kane, Walt Crowley, and Clint Pehrson, among others— pushed for stronger historic preservation laws and creation of transferable development rights (TDRs). The latter allow a landowner to sell "air rights" to a neighbor. For example, the owner of a 3-story downtown building can sell development rights to an adjacent high-rise, guaranteeing that people in that side of the high-rise will not have their views blocked, and obtaining compensation for the commitment not to build a tall building adjacent to that high-rise.
Well into the 1990s, Allied Arts retained the anti-growth stance that had led to the CAP initiative. They opposed the Seattle Commons plan that would have reconfigured South Lake Union and opposed Seattle's bid to host the 2012 Olympic Games.
That anti-urban orientation changed under presidents Clint Pehrson, Alex Steffen, David Yeaworth and Philip Wohlstetter. During this period the organization focused on both how to encourage smart growth, and how to make the ensuing density livable.
In recent years (as of 2008) Allied Arts have played an important role in promoting discussion of what is to happen to Seattle's Central Waterfront once the Alaskan Way Viaduct is torn down. Allied Arts president David Yeaworth has advocated for rerouting Washington State Route 99 (SR-99) into a tunnel. The People's Waterfront Coalition, who advocate for having SR-99 no longer run continuously through the city in any manner grew out of an Allied Arts charette.

</doc>
<doc id="19879668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879668" title="Marinens Flyvebaatfabrikk M.F.12">
Marinens Flyvebaatfabrikk M.F.12

The Marinens Flyvebaatfabrikk M.F.12 (sometimes known as the Høver M.F.12, after its designer) was a seaplane built in Norway in 1939 as a military trainer aircraft to replace the Norwegian Navy's aging fleet of M.F.8 trainers. Only a single prototype was constructed before Germany's invasion of Norway in 1940.
The prototype, M.F.12 F.14 (V), was the last trainer built for the Royal Norwegian Navy Air Service (RNNAS).
Design and manufacture.
By the late 1930s flying school of the RNNAS requested that a new trainer aircraft should be acquired to replace the M.F.8s. Following international aircraft development, a monoplane designed seemed preferable and once again the RNNAS decided to design and construct the aircraft themselves. The order was given to the seaplane factory Marinens Flyvebaatfabrikk on 15 June 1937. The factory immediately began work on the design.
The M.F.12 was a conventional design with two open cockpits in tandem and a low, strut-braced monoplane wing. The cockpit design was carried over from the M.F.11 reconnaissance aircraft then in service, and while it was originally intended to use the same float design that Marinens Flyvebaatfabrikk had been producing for their licence-built Hansa-Brandenburg W.33s, eventually floats by American manufacturer EDO were chosen. Four engines were considered for the M.F-12: the Wright R-670, Lycoming R-530-D2, Jacobs L-4M and the Continental K, with the Jacobs engine eventually selected. 
First flights.
The first, unofficial, flight occurred on 11 July 1939, the day the aircraft was launched, at the hands of Johan E. Høver himself, a fact initially kept secret because he was unauthorised to make it, and the first official flight took place six days later. The official orders for 11 July 1939 had been to merely taxi the M.F.12 F.14 (V) to the northern slipway where it was to wait until the factory's control officer Kristian Østby returned from a trip to Germany to accept the first of the Heinkel He 115 torpedo bombers ordered by the RNNAS. All new aircraft were supposed to be first tested by the control officer, who also received a 500 Norwegian kroner fee for each such test. However, as Høver felt that the aircraft seemed to work fine he made a 20-minute flight, being very pleased with its performance when he landed. the issue was kept secret and Østby could make the official first flight and collect his 500 NOK on 17 July.
Development halted.
Development stalled after a flight test by Lützow Holm, commander of the Karljohansvern base. After a rough landing, following drastic and hazardous flying, he demanded that the design be revised to strengthen it before entering production. The construction yard opposed this, pointing out that the design was already 10% stronger than had been specified by the Navy. While the dispute continued, the M.F.12 was grounded at Karljohansvern. In June 1939, shortly before the M.F.12 took to the air for the first time, the Norwegian Ministry of Defence set down a joint military and civilian commission to decide on a new common trainer for both the Royal Norwegian Navy Air Service, its Army cousin; the Norwegian Army Air Service, and the civilian air schools. Further work on the M.F.12 was put on hold while the commission worked on its report. Before any conclusion could be made the Germans invaded Norway on 9 April 1940.
Fate of the prototype.
The final disposition of the prototype is lost to history, but Høver recalls it being impounded by the German occupation forces, after having been abandoned at Horten on 9 April 1940. F.14 (V) had been at Karljohansvern naval base in Horten for repairs when the Germans landed in Norway.

</doc>
<doc id="19879672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879672" title="1998 Paris Open">
1998 Paris Open

The 1998 Paris Masters was a tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts. It was the 24th edition of the Paris Masters, and is part of the ATP Masters Series of the 1998 ATP Tour. It took place at the Palais omnisports de Paris-Bercy in Paris, France, from November 2 through November 9, 1998.
The draw was headlined by. Other top seeds were. 

</doc>
<doc id="19879685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879685" title="Richard Levett">
Richard Levett

Sir Richard Levett (also spelled Richard Levet) (died 1711), Sheriff, Alderman and Lord Mayor of London, was one of the first directors of the Bank of England, an adventurer with the London East India Company and the proprietor of the trading firm Sir Richard Levett & Company. He had homes at Kew and in London's Cripplegate, close by the Haberdashers Hall. A pioneering British merchant and politician, he counted among his friends and acquaintances Samuel Pepys, Robert Blackborne, John Houblon, physician to the Royal Family and son-in-law Sir Edward Hulse, Lord Mayor Sir William Gore, his brother-in-law Chief Justice Sir John Holt, Robert Hooke, Sir Owen Buckingham, Sir Charles Eyre and others.
Early life and career beginnings.
Although born into a once-powerful Sussex Anglo-Norman family, Levett's father was a country vicar, and the future Lord Mayor grew up in straitened circumstances after the family lost much of its medieval wealth. Although born with connections, Richard Levett and his brother Francis were thrown onto their own resources, and were as much pioneers in business as they were in society.
Despite their impressive Norman lineage, the Levett brothers were strictly middle-class. They represented an emerging England, an England of meritocracy and hard work that trumped the old aristocratic England. (Perhaps it was not an accident that their father, Rev. Richard Levett, had Puritan sympathies.) The enterprising brothers demonstrated that through hard work and pluck, ordinary Englishmen could move into the upper-middle classes. The Levett brothers were abetted in their rise by profound changes in the evolving English economy, with trade opening and feudal privileges diminishing in favour of a growing mercantile middle class. Although Levett was a nominal Tory, he was a free market capitalist by practice.
Levett and his brother Francis began as small haberdashers, trading everything from tobacco to textiles. The sons of a country parson in Rutland, the two Levett brothers imported goods into England, which they then sold to chapmen at fairs across the country, including those at Lenton, Gainsborough, Boston, Beverley and elsewhere. As the British Empire began to expand, bolstered by increasing military might, aggressive merchants like the Levetts leapfrogged other foreign and domestic competitors. From their small operation grew a behemoth, with the Levett brothers using their own ships to import everything from tobacco to linens.
Eventually, their empire became among the largest factors of its day in England, with an immense working capital estimated between £30,000 and £40,000 in 1705, buying tobacco and other goods around the world for import into the English market. The firm they set up came to embrace trade with the Levant (principally Turkey and Syria), India, Africa, the West Indies, North America, Ireland and even Russia. Contemporaneous records show Levett often immersed in the details of arranging shipping terms and trading voyages to places as disparate as French Guinea, Virginia, Maryland and elsewhere.
In 1705, for instance, Levett sent a letter to the Board of Trade and Plantations to complain about interference with his ships. "The Governors of Virginia and Maryland", Levett complained to the Board, "had refused to permit two ships of theirs to saile from those colonies with their ladings... And it being alleged in the petition that the masters of those two ships (who came away in ballast) were obliged to give security to touch at the Maderas in their way home." The Board directed its agent to "write to the said masters at Bristol for further information in that matter."
The building of a business empire.
By the early eighteenth century, the firm of Sir Richard Levett and Company had become one of England's largest, dominating especially the enormous tobacco trade with the Virginia Colony, as well as the tobacco coming from Turkey. Detailed records of tobacco transactions at the time between Levett and Virginia planters reveal that the London merchant drove a hard bargain.
Levett eventually was named a merchant adventurer of the London East India Company, one of the first directors of the new Bank of England, and even, on 17 February 1698, a member of the New England Company. With his deep interests in shipping, Levett was also one of the earliest investors in what became Lloyd's of London, the insurance firm. He was knighted at Kensington in 1691.
In the close-knit world of London traders at the dawn of the eighteenth century, Levett often found himself acting in conjunction with, or competing against, most of the other large traders known to him. At a meeting of the Governors and adventurers of the London East India Company held on 30 April 1701, for instance, Levett found himself in the company of his fellow London traders and ranking India servants "Gov. T. Cooke, Deputy Sir Samuel Dashwood, Sir Thomas Rawlinson, Sir Jonathan Andrews, Sir John Fleet, Sir William Gore, Sir Henry Johnson, Sir William Langhorne, Sir William Prichard and Mr. Vansittart."
In the year of 1695, Levett's increasingly powerful firm accounted for 3,894,864 pounds of tobacco imported into England. Of that, the firm subsequently re-exported some 1.3 million pounds to Holland, Germany and the Baltic. Acting as middlemen in an increasingly vertically integrated corporation, which was coming to resemble a modern trading company, Levett and his partners began raking in enormous profits, partly due to their access to large amounts of capital, as well as their access to a proprietary shipping fleet.
As their trading grew, Richard Levett became a prominent fixture on the London scene. He was elected Master of the Haberdashers' Company (1690 and 1691), Sheriff of the City of London for 1691, an Alderman, and eventually, in 1699, Lord Mayor of London. As Master of the Haberdashers' Company, Levett played a key role in building fellow Master of the Haberdashers' Company Sir Robert Aske's Hospital, with Levett's friend Robert Hooke serving as architect.
From his home in Cripplegate, formerly the home of Sir Thomas Bloodworth, a previous Lord Mayor, Levett conducted his trading empire and the mayoral business. Levett's home, formerly that of the controversial Bloodworth, who served as Lord Mayor at the time of the Great Fire of London, was a large mansion on the old Noble Street near Lily Pot Lane. (The home was later occupied by printer Charles Rivington.)
Home and family life.
Also available for Levett's use were two country homes at Kew, (After Levett's death, his daughter Mary Thoroton leased the Dutch House to Queen Caroline, wife of King George II, for use as a children's nursery, likely accounting for the decision of Frederick, Prince of Wales, to settle at Kew with his wife, Augusta, Princess of Wales. Both Levett homes as well as the estates surrounding them were sold to the Royal family in 1781 by Sir Richard's grandson Levett Blackborne, Esq., a prominent Lincoln's Inn barrister).
Sir Richard Levett was married to Mary Crispe, likely the daughter of merchant adventurer Sir Nicholas Crispe of Fulham, London. The couple were prominent in London during the years following the Restoration. Levett was mentioned by Samuel Pepys in his diaries; he was frequently mentioned in contemporary accounts of weddings and soirées of the age, and became a philanthropist, donating to charities like St. Thomas' Hospital in Southwark, and church charities in the West Country and Ireland.
Sir Richard Levett's wife, in particular, was a generous donor to religious causes. Edmund Calamy, the English Nonconformist churchman, refers to "Lady Levett" in his memoirs as his great "friend", and Mrs. Levett was noted in other accounts as a generous donor to religious and educational causes. Minister Calamy even dedicated a sermon to Lady Levett.
Samuel Pepys, the diarist and Secretary of the Admiralty (and friend of Robert Blackborne, who held the same job), apparently socialised with Richard Levett. "After staying here a great while at Westminster", Pepys noted in his diary of 14 March 1668, "we (went) back to London, and there to Philips's, and his man directed us to Mr. Levett's, who could not come, and he sent us to two more, and they could not; so that, at last, Levett as a great kindness did resolve he would leave his business and come himself, which set me in great ease in my mind."
Levett also figures prominently in the recently published diaries of politician Roger Whitley, Member of Parliament from Wales and then from Chester. Whitley was a prominent figure in Chester and a major Whig politician. Whitley's massive diaries reveal frequent meetings between the two men.
Death and legacy.
Sir Richard Levett died in 1711. He and his wife and several of their daughters are buried in the churchyard at Kew, where there are memorials to them in the church as well as to the Blackborne family with whom they intermarried. The inscription carved into a mural slab set in the tower of Saint Anne's Church, Kew, reads: "Within this vault lie the remains of Sir Richard Levett, Knight, of Kew. Also of Lady Mary Levett, his wife, who died October 15th, 1722." 
Sir Richard Levett's son Richard, also an Alderman (1722) and Sheriff of London, inherited his father's interests, but apparently mismanaged them, filing for bankruptcy in 1730. Consequently many heirlooms of the Levett family of Sussex passed to the family of the Lord Mayor's daughter and her husband, the Hulse family of Hampshire, and are today at Breamore House, the Hulse family seat. (Alderman Levett, son of the Lord Mayor, died and was buried in Temple Church in 1740).
The third brother of Richard and Francis Levett was Rev. Dr. William Levett, principal of Magdalen Hall, Oxford, and Dean of Bristol. The brothers' uncle, brother of their father Rev. Richard Levett of Rutland, was courtier William Levett Esq., who accompanied King Charles I during his flight from Cromwellian forces, and thence to his imprisonment at Carisbrooke Castle and to his eventual execution.
Some twelve years following Sir Richard's death, his wife Mary, by then living at Bath, changed her will to exclude two paintings she had previously bequeathed to a friend at Bath upon discovering that the portraits of King Charles I and his Queen were painted by the artist Anthony van Dyck. Given the discovery, Dame Mary Levett made a codicil to her will directing that the valuable paintings be sold with the proceeds going to her granddaughters. Presumably the Levett family had inherited the paintings from the Lord Mayor's uncle, groom of the bedchamber to the late King.

</doc>
<doc id="19879688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879688" title="Luke Eves">
Luke Eves

Luke Eves (born 11 April 1989 in Bristol, England) is a rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Championship. He plays as a centre.
He has captained the England U20 side which reached the final of the Junior World Championship in June 2009.
His father is former Bristol Rugby captain, Derek Eves.
Eves signed for Newcastle from Bristol towards the end of the 2009/10 season, with the signing being announced the day after Bristol lost to Exeter in the Championship final. He returned to Bristol in January 2012 

</doc>
<doc id="19879690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879690" title="Alaifatu Junior Fatialofa">
Alaifatu Junior Fatialofa

Alaifatu Junior Fatialofa (born 16 December 1980) is a rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Aviva Championship. He plays at centre. He was born in Wellington, New Zealand.
Fatialofa signed for Bristol at the start of the 2008–09 Guinness Premiership from then Championship side the Exeter Chiefs.

</doc>
<doc id="19879694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879694" title="Vunga Lilo">
Vunga Lilo

Vungakoto "Vunga" Lilo (born 28 February 1983, in Ha'apai, Tonga) is a rugby union footballer who plays for Bordeaux and previously played for the Cornish Pirates and Bristol. He also plays internationally for Tonga and competed at the 2007 Rugby World Cup and the 2011 Rugby World Cup. He plays as a fullback.

</doc>
<doc id="19879695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879695" title="SAH 2200 hovercraft">
SAH 2200 hovercraft

The Slingsby SAH 2200 hovercraft is a small military hovercraft produced by Slingsby Amphibious Hovercraft Company of Kirkbymoorside, England, and used by the Finland Frontier Guard. 
Configuration.
The SAH 2200 is a small military hovercraft powered by a single Cummins 6CTA-8-3M-1 diesel engine, and armed with a single 12.7mm machine gun. 
Military use and production.
The Finland Frontier Guard acquired its first SAH 2200 in March 1993. Three more were ordered in February 1998 and delivered in late 1999. Engineering and Professional Services Inc. purchased Slingsby Advanced Composites Limited and will continue producing a version of the SAH 2200 hovercraft manufactured out of composit materials, now renamed the EPS SAH 2200. The EPS SAH 2200 will be built at the company’s facilities in Titusville, Florida, where EPS presently has under construction a number of larger EPS M-10 hovercraft for delivery commencing in 2009 to the Border Guard of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. 

</doc>
<doc id="19879702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879702" title="Alex Corbisiero">
Alex Corbisiero

Alexander R. "Alex" Corbisiero (born 30 August 1988) is a rugby union loosehead prop who plays for Premiership side Northampton Saints.
Biography.
Born 30 August 1988, Alexander Corbisiero is the great grandson of Riccardo Corbisiero, who emigrated from Naples to the United States in 1923 and established Riccardo's – a restaurant well known for its continental cuisine – in Astoria, Queens in the early 1950s. Alex was born in New York City to the restaurateur's grandson and his English wife. He emigrated to England with his parents shortly before his fifth birthday.
Corbisiero graduated from ACS Cobham International School in 2006, where he was also captain of the school's Cougars rugby team. He studied at the London School of Economics. He is currently studying for a BA in History at Birkbeck, University of London which he started in 2009.
Club career.
He joined the London Irish Academy in August 2005, making his professional club debut against London Wasps in the 2008 London Double Header.
Corbisiero was a used replacement in the final of the 2008–09 Guinness Premiership.
On 16 January 2013, Corbisiero left London Irish to sign for Northampton Saints for the 2013/14 season.
International career.
Corbisiero has represented England at Under-18, Under-19 and Under-20 level. He competed for England at the 2007 Under 19 Rugby World Championship.
In 2008 Corbisiero was a member of the England under-20 team that won the grand slam and reached the final of the 2008 IRB Junior World Championship.
Corbisiero was eligible to represent either England, Italy, Ireland or the USA at senior level, but cast his lot with England when he made his debut for the England Saxons against Russia at the 2010 Churchill Cup.
Corbisiero made his senior debut for England against Italy on 12 February 2011 after Andrew Sheridan was ruled out of the match with a back injury. He went on to feature in four of England's five tests as they won the Six Nations Championship, with injury ruling Sheridan out for the rest of the tournament.
Corbisiero represented England at the Rugby World Cup 2011.
On 5 June, Corbisiero was added to the British and Irish Lions squad for the 2013 British and Irish Lions tour to Australia. He replaced Irish prop Cian Healy after he was injured during the second tour match against Western Force. Corbisiero started the first Test against Australia on Saturday 22 June. Corbisiero scored the Lions' first try in their victorious third test against Australia which clinched the series.

</doc>
<doc id="19879705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879705" title="Jon Fisher (rugby union)">
Jon Fisher (rugby union)

Jonathan Fisher (born 15 September 1988 in Kingston upon Thames, England) is a rugby union player for the London Irish. He plays at Flanker, Lock or No. 8.
He was a member of the England Under-20 team that reached the final of the 2008 IRB Junior World Championship. He also played for the England Sevens team at the 2008 Hong Kong Sevens.
He made his club debut for London Irish as a substitute against the Ospreys on 4 November 2007, in the 2007–08 EDF Energy Cup. He also appeared in the Premiership as well as an appearance off the bench for the England Saxons against Portugal.
At the end of the 2010–11 Aviva Premiership, Jon left London Irish to join the Bedford Blues in the Aviva Championship.
Where he stayed for a season and then re-joined London Irish for the 2012/13 season in the 2012-13 Aviva Premiership
He was educated at Wellington College in Crowthorne, Berkshire, where he was vice-captain of the 1st XV that were eliminated in the Daily Mail Cup at the semi-final stage in 2007. He also played at Lock in the side that got knocked out at the same stage a year earlier.
He was "head" of his boarding house, The Hill.

</doc>
<doc id="19879709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879709" title="Nic Rouse">
Nic Rouse

Nic Rouse was born on 10 February 1981 in Chatham, Kent, England is a rugby union player for London Irish in the RFU Premiership. He previously played for Sale Sharks in the Aviva Premiership. He plays as a lock. Rouse joined Sale Sharks in 2010 from Nottingham. He had previously made over 120 appearances for Nottingham and enjoyed a short spell on loan to London Irish in 2008 when injuries to Nick Kennedy, James Hudson and Bob Casey meant the club had only 1 fit lock. 
Rouse was educated in Newbury and from the age of 5 played rugby at Newbury Rugby Club. He joined the Bath Rugby Academy in 1999 and subsequently spent time with Caerphilly, Manchester and several seasons with Plymouth Albion before joining Nottingham in 2006 when he was awarded 'Player of the Year' in his first season. He was named in the National One 'Dream Team' in Rugby Times twice and has represented England Students and England Counties.

</doc>
<doc id="19879711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879711" title="William Henry Wylde">
William Henry Wylde

William Henry Wylde (February 7, 1817 – ) was a merchant and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Guysborough County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1870 to 1875 as a Liberal member.
He was born in Halifax, the son of Isaac Wylde. Wylde married Martha Caroline Simpson. He was a public school trustee. Wylde resigned his seat in 1875.

</doc>
<doc id="19879720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879720" title="Sir Norman Moore, 1st Baronet">
Sir Norman Moore, 1st Baronet

Sir Norman Moore, 1st Baronet FRCP (8 January 1847 – 30 November 1922) was a British doctor and historian of medicine.
Early life.
Moore was born in Higher Broughton, Manchester, in 1847. He was the only child of abolitionist and social reformer Rebecca Moore Fisher of Limerick and the noted Irish political economist Robert Ross Rowan Moore. The couple had been estranged since before Norman's birth, and he was raised by Rebecca through the support of her circle of Liberal nonconformist friends at Manchester. He studied initially at Chorlton High School, but left at the age of 14 to work in a cotton mill. He studied at Owens College from 1862 until 1865, and then read natural sciences at St Catharine's College, Cambridge University, from 1865 to 1868, graduating in 1869. During his time in Cambridge he met and became friends with Francis Darwin, the son of Charles Darwin, and the Reverend Whitwell Elwin. During his childhood in Manchester he had developed a passion for walking, and had visited Ireland on a walking tour, cementing his affinity for the country's history, people and culture. In 1863 he had visited the natural history collection at Walton Hall, Wakefield, befriending the author and explorer Charles Waterton.
Influences and connections.
Moore's friendship with Elwin, a former editor of the "Quarterly Review", brought him into contact with important literary figures, including the publishers John Murray, father and son, author and critic Leslie Stephen, and Shakespearian scholar William James Craig. Moore's interest in natural history was influenced by his acquaintances with Alfred Newton, Richard Owen, and Charles Darwin. The recipient of an eight-year residential scholarship at St Catharine's, Moore was invited by university's anatomy professor George Murray Humphry, to assist in the establishment of the school of science at Cambridge. Moore however ran foul of St Catharine's master, the Reverend Charles Kirkby Robinson, during a minor scuffle in hall. Robinson rusticated Moore, leading to Moore's friend Elwin waging a pamphlet war on his behalf. Though Moore was allowed to sit his exams, he lost his scholarship, and in 1869 he enrolled at St Bartholomew's Hospital, London, to study comparative anatomy.
Medical and writing career.
After clinical studies at St Bartholomew's Hospital, he qualified as a doctor in 1872. He obtained his MD in 1876, with his thesis, "The Causes and Treatment of Rickets". He spent his entire career at St Bartholomew's, serving as warden of the college from 1873 to 1891, and in the roles of lecturer in anatomy, pathology, and medicine, and physician to the hospital in 1902. Moore maintained a frequent correspondence with many of his academic friends, broadening his knowledge to ancient Irish texts through his friendship with Standish Hayes O'Grady, and learnt palaeography from Henry Bradshaw. Moore became a prolific author, producing a new edition of "Essays in Natural History", and translations from the "Book of Leinster" in 1881 and a translation from the German of "Concise Irish Grammar" in 1882. He contributed 459 lives to the Dictionary of National Biography, edited by Leslie Stephen, and through his association with Field Marshal Sir Evelyn Wood, developed a keen interest in military history. One of his greatest works, written in two volumes over a period of 30 years, was "History of St Bartholomew's Hospital" (1918). The history of the hospital was also the subject of the Rede Lecture he gave in 1914: "St Bartholomew's Hospital in peace and war".
Through his mother Moore met Barbara Leigh Smith Bodichon, who in turn introduced him to artists and literary figures including Hercules Brabazon Brabazon, William De Morgan, the Rossettis Dante Gabriel, Christina, William Michael and Maria Francesca, Helen and William Allingham, George Eliot, and Mme Belloc and her children, Hilaire and Marie. Moore became involved with Bodichon's niece, Amy Leigh Smith, and proposed to her in 1876. Her parents objected at first, but eventually they were married on 30 March 1880 by Whitwell Elwin.
Moore was elected to the Royal College of Physicians in 1877 and became an active member, serving as president between 1918 and 1922 and representing the college on the General Medical Council for 21 years. He was a trustee of the British Museum and was created a baronet in 1919. His old college, St Catharine's, made him an honorary fellow in 1909. He retired from St Bartholomew's in 1911 and was appointed consulting physician to the hospital, emeritus lecturer in medicine, and hospital governor. He became secretary of The Literary Society, and librarian of the Royal Society of Medicine from 1899 until 1918. He was Harveian librarian at the Royal College of Physician, the 1901 Harveian orator, and was elected senior censor in 1908. He combined his medical studies and numerous lectureships with his study and reproduction of ancient manuscripts.
Family and personal life.
Moore lived at first at the Warden's House, Little Britain, West Smithfield after his marriage to Amy Leigh Smith, moving in 1891, to 94 Gloucester Place, west London. The marriage produced two sons, Alan Hilary and Gillachrist, and a daughter, Ethne Philippa. Ethne was awarded the MBE and BEM; she married Walter Marlborough Pryor. Gillachrist was killed during the first battle of Ypres in 1914. Amy contracted tuberculosis and converted to Roman Catholicism in 1900. Moore, despite his nonconformist upbringing, did so as well. Amy died on 25 August 1901, and Moore married her first cousin, Milicent Ludlow in 1903. In 1920 Moore received an honorary LLD from Cambridge, but by then he had been aged by the war, never fully recovering from the death of his son, and his writing began to show signs of Parkinsonism. He died in Hancox, near Battle in East Sussex, on 30 November 1922. An obituary in "The Times" grudgingly wrote that his work ‘lacked that deeper scholarship’ which would ‘render it lasting’. This was refuted by M. R. James, then the provost of Eton College who wrote to "The Times" on 8 December 1922 declaring that ‘I have never met any man whose erudition was so varied, lay so ready to hand, or was so delightfully enlivened by human and humorous touches’.

</doc>
<doc id="19879722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879722" title="Lachlan Mitchell">
Lachlan Mitchell

Lachlan Mitchell born 30 September 1987 in Australia is a rugby union player for Melbourne Rebels in the Super Rugby competition. He plays as a centre wing and fullback.
Career.
Sydney.
As a student Mitchell played for Sydney University and trained with the New South Wales Waratahs.
London Wasps.
Mitchell joined Wasps in 2008, from Sydney University. He made 31 appearances as a regular support player for the 1XV and strong figure in the A League side. Mitchell was signed for Wasps on a two-year deal from the New South Wales Waratahs' academy. He joined Wasps on the recommendation of former England prop Trevor Woodman who coached him at Sydney Uni. He made his Wasps debut for against London Irish on 6 September 2008.
Upon Mitchell's signing, Wasps' Director of Rugby Ian McGeechan said, "Lachlan is a player who we feel will both benefit from and add to the Wasps environment. We have been impressed with the footage we have seen of him."
As well as the playing side of Wasps, Mitchell also went out in the community. In December 2008 he took part in a visit to children at the Wexham Park Hospital giving out Christmas cards and presents.
In April 2009, Mitchell and the London Wasps team took part in The Rugby Club's 'Crossbar Challenge' on Sky Sports. Mitchell was the only player to successfully throw the rugby ball through the posts. He therefore went through to the head-to-head stage against Wales legend Scott Quinnell to see who could throw the ball the furthest. Quinnell scored 41 metres and Mitchell scored 41.2 metres, therefore meaning that he won the challenge.
On 4 October 2009, Mitchell was injured making a try-saving tackle in the Premiership match against Northampton Saints. Mitchell was knocked out cold before he landed on the ground and remained motionless as he was treated on the pitch for 10 minutes. Mitchell was stretchered off to hospital and was given the all clear – easing fears that he had sustained a broken neck. Mitchell was diagnosed as suffering from the effects of mild concussion and was monitored by the Wasps medical team and put on a strict 5-day recovery plan. Mitchell recovered from his concussion and was selected to play at fullback in the game against Racing Metro 92 on 11 October.
Wasps director of rugby Tony Hanks commented after the game, "There aren't too many braver than Lachie," he said. "And that tackle he made at the end was a try-saving tackle and a big moment for us. It personifies what this team is about. Lachie's gone to hospital but he was awake when he left. We are hoping for the moment it's all precautionary but obviously, after a collision like that, you don't want to take any chances".
Melbourne Rebels.
On 15 March 2010, London Wasps announced that Mitchell would move to Australia to join the Melbourne Rebels in the Super Rugby competition, along with Wasps' team-mate Danny Cipriani.
In 2011 Mitchell played in the Rebels pre-season game against Fiji, and scored an opportunist try early in the game. On 28 May 2012 Mitchell became the Rebels most capped player, when the Rebels travelled to Wellington to be trounced by the Hurricanes.

</doc>
<doc id="19879726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879726" title="Charlie Beech">
Charlie Beech

Charlie Beech (born 21 July 1987 in Stevenage, England) is a rugby union player for Bath in the Aviva Premiership after signing from London Wasps in the Summer of 2011. He plays as a prop.
Beech represented England at the U19 World Championship in 2006. Beech also represented the England under-20 team in the 2007 Six Nations. 
Beech joined the academy of Northampton Saints in 2003, he made one appearance for their senior side, against Rugby Viadana in the European Challenge Cup. After Saints were relegated in the 2006–07 season, Beech signed for London Wasps.
Beech made his competitive debut for Wasps against London Irish, in their first win of the 2007–08 Guinness Premiership. He would have to wait another 13 months before his next appearance, when he scored a match winning try against the Newcastle Falcons. In April 2009, Beech signed a new contract.
It was announced on 8 March 2011 that Beech had signed for Bath on a 3-year deal.

</doc>
<doc id="19879729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879729" title="Hugo Ellis">
Hugo Ellis

Hugo Ellis (born 4 February 1988, in Isleworth, London, England) is a rugby union player. He plays as a back-row. He is a former pupil of St Benedict's School, Ealing. 
In June 2010 Ellis joined Newport Gwent Dragons. He was released by Newport Gwent Dragons at the end of the 2011-12 season.

</doc>
<doc id="19879753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879753" title="Henry Barratt">
Henry Barratt

Henry Barratt born 28 April 1983 in Oxford, Oxfordshire, England is a rugby union player for the London Wasps in the Guinness Premiership. He plays as a centre.
He appeared as a replacement in the Help for Heroes game.

</doc>
<doc id="19879757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879757" title="Ross Batty">
Ross Batty

Ross Batty (born 20 September 1986 in England) a former Barnard Castle School pupil, is a rugby union player for the Bath in the Aviva Premiership. He plays as a hooker.

</doc>
<doc id="19879758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879758" title="Tim Swinson">
Tim Swinson

Tim Swinson (born 17 February 1987 in London, England) is a rugby union player for the Glasgow Warriors in the Pro12. He preferred position is lock.
Swinson has played for Newcastle Falcons in the English Premiership. He made his Newcastle 1st XV debut against Bath during the 2007/8 season. Swinson ended a disappointing season for the Newcastle Falcons by being named the Falcons Player of the Year.
Tim signed a deal with Glasgow Warriors to join them from Newcastle Falcons in the 2012/13 season.
He has played for Scotland 'A' making his debut in 2013 against England Saxons

</doc>
<doc id="19879760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879760" title="Rory Clegg">
Rory Clegg

Rory Clegg (born 6 January 1990) is a rugby union player for Newcastle Falcons in the Aviva Premiership. He plays as a fly-half
Early life.
Rory Clegg was born at the British Military Hospital in Hanover, Germany as his father, who played rugby for the Army Veterans, was a serving British soldier based in nearby Wolfenbuttel. He has two brothers Gavin and Bruce; Gavin also served in the British Army as a Sapper with the Royal Engineers. All 3 brothers attended Barnard Castle School in County Durham and played for the School 1st XV coached by former Harlequin, Martin Pepper.
Career.
Rory first played rugby aged 10 at Barnard Castle Prep School and Darlington RFC.
In September 2008 aged 18 Rory launched his professional career for the Newcastle Falcons, starting for the injured Jonny Wilkinson against Sale Sharks at Kingston Park. He landed three penalty goals in a 14-9 Guinness Premiership defeat that impressed Falcons’ director of rugby Steve Bates, who said: “He was outstanding for a youngster playing his first game against a back line full of internationals". He was drawn to Harlequins by Dean Richards and his starting debut in the Premiership for Harlequins was on October 31, 2009 in front of a record sell-out crowd of 14,282 at Twickenham Stoop. In the final minute, he booted over a third penalty that salvaged a 9-9 draw with London Irish. In 2013 Dean Richards, now Director of Rugby with Newcastle Falcons, brought Rory back to Kingston Park.
He has already shared in overseas tours to New Zealand, with Barnard Castle School and with England age group sides sides to Australia, Argentina and Japan. 
He began his representative career with England under 16s, became the starting fly half for the unbeaten under 18 side in 2008 and played for the under 20s’ team in the 2009 and 2010 IRB Junior World Championships in Japan and Argentina. In 2011 he was also the starting fly half in the England Saxons successful Churchill Cup campaign.

</doc>
<doc id="19879764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879764" title="Marc Jones">
Marc Jones

Marc Jones (born 3 April 1987 in Pontypridd, Wales) is a rugby union player for the Sale Sharks in the Aviva Premiership. He plays as a hooker.

</doc>
<doc id="19879770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879770" title="Spencer Davey">
Spencer Davey

Spencer Davey (born 3 February 1983 in Taunton, Somerset, England) is a rugby union player for the Newcastle Falcons in the Guinness Premiership. He plays as a centre.

</doc>
<doc id="19879798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879798" title="Ufoetry">
Ufoetry

UFOetry is an organization in Los Angeles, California, USA, dedicated to educating the public about the UFO phenomena and its implications on society. It was formed in July 2004 by ufologist and MUFON member Joshua Poet. UFOetry presents their information as a UFO rock opera as opposed to the traditional lecture format. Their multimedia shows combine live music and theatrical performance to share the subject with audiences at UFO festivals and conferences. Through these means, UFOetry communicates its teachings to a newer, younger audience than those traditionally found at such conferences.
Mission.
UFOetry's mission is to benefit the "greater good" of the community, society and the world, by spreading the word of the UFO phenomena, across the planet, using every form of media available. 
The purpose of UFOetry is to tell the UFO story, through a UFO rock opera that uses of music, video, poetry, theatrical performance and storytelling, to bring a new perspective to UFO phenomena.
Why?
History is filled with stories of UFOs. From Christopher Columbus out at sea, to Roman Soldiers on watch. From sightings over Washington DC, to stories of crashed flying saucers, or secret bases in the desert, something is taking place. UFOetry believe it is a scientific event or perhaps a religious event. 
History.
UFOetry has been presenting its message to the world since mid-2004, taking them to UFO events in the continental United States. Some of these include: the Aztec UFO Symposium, the Retro UFO Spaceship Convention and the Roswell UFO Festival.
UFOetry has been recognized by the Los Angeles music scene:
Joshua Poet has been a guest on X-Zone Radio with Rob McConnell, UFO Files with Jerry Pippin and Live From Roswell with Guy Malone, who refers to their music as "The music of ufology!" Several Music Videos are available online.
Highlights.
In 2006 nuclear physicist and UFOlogist, Stanton Friedman introduced UFOetry for their first performance in Aztec, New Mexico. Later that year during their performance in front of the Integratron, a sighting occurred in which six orange orbs were seen in the night sky by several observers. 
In 2008 as one of the festival headliners, UFOetry gave ten performances over the three day festival, which included a live spot on the CBS Early Edition, as well as international press in 8 countries.

</doc>
<doc id="19879817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879817" title="Chris Wyles">
Chris Wyles

Chris Wyles (born 13 September 1983 in Stamford, Connecticut, United States) is an International American-English rugby union player who plays for the USA Eagles and plays his club rugby for Saracens in the Aviva Premiership. He plays as a fullback or wing. Wyles is the most-capped fullback of all time for the U.S. national team. Wyles has captained the USA national sevens team, which is a core team on the IRB Sevens World Series.
Background.
Wyles grew up in Allentown, Pennsylvania before he moved to England when he was 11 years old. His parents are from England. He then attended Haileybury and Imperial Service College in Hertford and went on to study Politics at the University of Nottingham.
Club career.
Wyles joined Saracens in summer of 2008, after impressive performances in the 2007 World Cup. Eddie Jones, who was on the Springboks coaching team, saw Wyles' potential, and when Jones became Director of Rugby at Saracens he signed Wyles to build his squad. Wyles debuted for Saracens on 24 August 2008 against the Sale Sharks.
In the 2009/2010 season he was a regular starter on the wing and played in the Saracens team that took on Leicester RFC in the final of the English Premiership. For his performances during the 2009/10 Season, Wyles was nominated for Player of the Season by Brendan Venter. He was also a key figure in the successful 2010/11 Premiership winning side, starting 20 matches and leading the team in metres gained (909 metres). 
His previous club was the Northampton Saints, where he played during the 2006/2007 season. It was during this period that he caught the eye of the USA Eagles coaching team which eventually resulted in his involvement in the IRB Sevens World Series and the 2007 Rugby World Cup. 
Wyles’ first professional club was the Championship team, Nottingham RFC.
International career.
Wyles first represented the US national rugby sevens team at the 2007 Hong Kong Sevens. From there, he went on to captain the US team in the IRB Sevens World Series, leading the team to core IRB Sevens status. During his time with the US national Sevens team he scored an impressive 54 tries in 13 tournaments. 
Wyles earned his first 15's cap at the Churchill Cup in 2007 against England Saxons before going onto to play Fullback for the Eagles in the 2007 Rugby World Cup. His performances in the World Cup led him to be named the American Rugby News ‘Player of the Year’ Since the 2007 Rugby World Cup, he has been a regular starter at Fullback for the US National team. In 2009, Wyles was included in the USA Eagles team of the decade by a leading US rugby publication. Wyles continued his form for the USA team playing in the 2011 Rugby World Cup finishing as the Eagles top points scorer. His recent performances for club and country won him the 2012 Player of the Year award for American rugby

</doc>
<doc id="19879854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879854" title="José Luis Valbuena">
José Luis Valbuena

José Luis Valbuena (born 1971-03-19 in Turmero, Aragua) is a former bantamweight boxer from Venezuela, who had a total number of 30 professional fights during his career. He is best known for knocking down Carlos Barreto on 1999-10-09. Three days after the bout Barreto died due to brain injuries sustained in the match. As an amateur Valbuena represented his native country at the 1995 Pan American Games in Mar del Plata, Argentina.

</doc>
<doc id="19879855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879855" title="Rose Glen">
Rose Glen

Rose Glen can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19879858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879858" title="Switched reluctance motor">
Switched reluctance motor

The switched reluctance motor (SRM) is a type of reluctance motor, an electric motor that runs by reluctance torque. Unlike common DC motor types, power is delivered to windings in the stator (case) rather than the rotor. This greatly simplifies mechanical design as power does not have to be delivered to a moving part, but it complicates the electrical design as some sort of switching system needs to be used to deliver power to the different windings. With modern electronic devices this is not a problem, and the SRM is a popular design for modern motors. Its main drawback is torque ripple.
Operating principle.
The SRM has wound field coils as in a DC motor for the stator windings. The rotor however has no magnets or coils attached. It is a solid salient-pole rotor (having projecting magnetic poles) made of soft magnetic material (laminated-steel). When power is applied to the stator windings, the rotor's magnetic reluctance creates a force that attempts to align the rotor pole with the nearest stator pole. In order to maintain rotation, an electronic control system switches on the windings of successive stator poles in sequence so that the magnetic field of the stator "leads" the rotor pole, pulling it forward. Rather than using a troublesome high-maintenance mechanical commutator to switch the winding current as in traditional motors, the switched-reluctance motor uses an electronic position sensor to determine the angle of the rotor shaft and solid state electronics to switch the stator windings, which also offers the opportunity for dynamic control of pulse timing and shaping.
Simple switching.
If the poles A0 and A1 are energized then the rotor will align itself with these poles. Once this has occurred it is possible for the stator poles to be de-energised before the stator poles of B0 and B1 are energized. The rotor is now positioned at the stator poles b. This sequence continues through c before arriving back at the start. This sequence can also be reversed to achieve motion in the opposite direction. This sequence can be found to be unstable while in operation.
Improved sequence.
A much more stable system can be found by using the following "quadrature" sequence. First, stator poles A0 and A1 are energized. Then stator poles of B0 and B1 are energized which pulls the rotor so that it is aligned in between the stator poles of A and B. Following this the stator poles of A are de-energized and the rotor continues on to be aligned with the stator poles of B, this sequence continues through BC, C and CA before a full rotation has occurred. This sequence can also be reversed to achieve motion in the opposite direction.
In addition to more stable operation, this approach provides a well-timed sequence as the timings of the phase being both on and off are equal, rather than being at a 1:2 ratio as in the simpler sequence.
Control.
The control system is responsible for giving the required sequential pulses to the power circuitry in order to activate the phases as required. While it is possible to do this using electro-mechanical means such as commutators or simple analog or digital timing circuits, more control is possible with more advanced methods.
Many controllers in use incorporate programmable logic controllers (PLCs) rather than electromechanical components in their implementation. A microcontroller is also ideal for this kind of application since it enables a very precise control of the phase activation timings. It also gives the possibility of implementing a soft start function in software form, in order to reduce the amount of hardware required.
Power circuitry.
The most common approach to the powering of a switched reluctance motor is to use an asymmetric bridge converter.
There are 3 phases in an asymmetric bridge converter corresponding to the phases of the switched reluctance motor. If both of the power switches on either side of the phase are turned on, then that corresponding phase shall be actuated. Once the current has risen above the set value, the switch shall turn off. The energy now stored within the motor winding shall now maintain the current in the same direction until that energy is depleted. 
This basic circuitry may be altered so that fewer components are required although the circuit shall perform the same action. This efficient circuit is known as the (n+1) switch and diode configuration.
A capacitor, in either configuration, is used to suppress electrical and acoustic noise by limiting fluctuations in the supply voltage.

</doc>
<doc id="19879871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879871" title="USS Spitfire (1776 gunboat)">
USS Spitfire (1776 gunboat)

The USS "Spitfire" was an American gundalow that operated as a gunboat in 1776 on Lake Champlain. She was part of Benedict Arnold's small, hastily-built fleet of ships whose purpose was to counter any British invasion forces passing through the lake from Canada. Her service life was brief; after only a few months patrolling the lake she was lost in the aftermath of the Battle of Valcour Island. The gunboat's wreck was located and documented by the Lake Champlain Maritime Museum.
Prelude.
American militia under Benedict Arnold and Ethan Allen had captured Fort Ticonderoga in 1775. Later that year these forces were involved in the invasion of Canada, but poor weather and timely arrival of British reinforcements caused the Americans to fall back to Fort Ticonderoga in May 1776. There they proceeded to build a gunboat fleet to help repel an expected British invasion. 
The British, under the command of General Guy Carleton, realized that they needed to control Lake Champlain in order to conduct a successful campaign in New York. Since area roads were usually poor quality (if they existed at all), lakes and rivers were important transport routes for both sides. By controlling Lake Champlain, British forces in Canada could potentially link up with forces in New York City and crush the rebellion in America (Nelson 2006:39ff).
The gunboats.
The "Spitfire" was one of eight gundalows built in Skenesborough (later renamed Whitehall). These gundalows, outfitted as gunboats, were built without plans though the shipwrights followed basic dimensions and instructions written by Benedict Arnold. The design of the American gunboats shows a balance between the need for rapid construction and effectiveness for their intended purpose. The gunboats all followed a common pattern. They were mostly decked over, with the middle third of the hull being open down to the bilge, thus dividing the deck into three sections. The low middle platform abaft the mast held the two broadside cannon (usually 9-pounders) and a fireplace. The guns were not opposite of each other in order to give more room to work them. The bow platform held the bow gun, usually a 9 or 12-pounder. Cannons were in short supply, so in the case of the gunboat the bow gun was of Swedish origin cast about 100 years earlier. The stern platform held the helmsman and officers. This platform also held two arms chests. The rail caps had sockets for oarlocks, pivot guns and stanchions for awnings. Later on, fascines were added to the rail caps for protection against small arms fire. The gunboats carried positions for 12 oars, 6 per side. The rigging consisted of a single mast with a square mainsail and a topsail. To counteract the weight of the bow gun, the stern area held stones for ballast. Due to their square sails and flat, shallow bottoms the gunboats could only sail in wind blowing from astern. (Chapelle 1949:110f; Delgado 2001:97f; Nelson 2006:235ff, 250f)
Early service.
As soon as the gunboats (and galleys) were launched at Skenesborough, they were sent to Fort Ticonderoga to be fitted out with sails and rigging. The warships, initially under the command of Jacobus Wynkoop, were then sent to patrol the northern part of the lake. The "Spitfire" had joined the fleet by early August and participated in some of Wynkoop's early patrolling of the lake. Benedict Arnold was originally sent to Skenesborough to expedite the boat construction going on there, but by August 1776, he was sent to take over command of the fleet. He spent the time between August and October patrolling the lake and reconnoitering the British naval and troop buildup going on in St. Johns. (Nelson 2006:257ff)
On August 25, the fleet was sailing north to reconnoiter the British strongholds. While at anchor a violent storm blew in on August 26. All of Arnold's ships except the "Spitfire" were able to sail out into the open lake. The "Spitfire" was anchored closest to the lee shore, and was initially unable to set sail against the storm. Arnold ordered her to stay anchored in an attempt to ride out the storm while the rest of the fleet sailed south until they found a sheltered anchorage. The "Spitfire" managed to survive the two-day storm and was able to rejoin the fleet at Buttonmold Bay.(Nelson 2006:264f)
By the first week in September, the American fleet was at the northern end of Lake Champlain, near the British base at St. Johns, Canada. They encountered many enemy troop encampments, and despite British efforts to lure them closer they did not try to attack St. Johns. After briefly observing enemy efforts at building shore batteries, Arnold sailed south on September 8 to Isle La Motte. There he considered making his stand against the impending British invasion, but upon hearing reports of British naval strength Arnold took the fleet further south to Valcour Island. The fleet arrived there on September 24. (Nelson 2006:269ff)
While at Valcour Island the fleet trained and waited for the British. During this time the galleys that were building at Skenesborough were completed and joined the fleet, which now consisted of three galleys, three schooners, eight gunboats and one sloop. A guard boat was sent out daily to the north end of the island to look for the British approach, which finally occurred on October 11.(Nelson 2006:290ff)
Action at Valcour Island.
The British fleet had started making its way south on October 9. The fleet, under command of Thomas Pringle, consisted of one ship sloop, three schooners, one radeau, and over twenty gunboats. A small fleet of flat bottomed boats and bateaus carrying the British army followed. Pringle had imperfect intelligence of Arnold's whereabouts, and had sailed past Valcour Island before seeing the American fleet at anchor in the strait between the island and the mainland. However, the British fleet now had to sail against the prevailing north winds to reach the American fleet. The British gunboats, using their oars, were able to get into action quickly, with only sporadic help from the other British warships.(Nelson 2006:293ff)
The American fleet was anchored across the southern part of the strait in a crescent shaped line. Arnold had hoped that the British would initially bypass him and be forced to claw their way against the wind in order to attack. On that count he was successful, and the day was primarily a battle between the gunboats on the British side and the schooners, galleys, and gunboats on the American side. By the end of the day the Americans lost one schooner, the "Royal Savage". A gunboat, the "Philadelphia", was so damaged that she sank that evening. All the other boats, including the "Spitfire", were damaged. (Nelson 2006:299ff) 
Arnold decided that, due to the battered condition of his fleet and the lack of ammunition, he would withdraw south to Fort Ticonderoga. His fleet was able to slip past the British on the night of October 11-12. The following morning the British fleet, surprised to find the Americans gone, initiated a pursuit. This pursuit lasted over the next two days. In the end, only one galley, two schooners, the sloop and one gunboat survived to reach the fort. (Nelson 2006:310ff) Although the battle was a defeat for the Americans, it ultimately paved the way for a decisive American victory the next year at Saratoga. 
The "Spitfire" initially made its way south with the rest of Arnold's fleet towards Schuyler Island on the night of October 11-12. There the fleet halted to make repairs before resuming its flight toward Fort Ticonderoga. The "Spitfire", however, succumbed to battle damage and was abandoned, sinking in the early morning hours of October 12 in deep water off Schuyler Island. The wreck lay undisturbed until 1997, when its intact remains were discovered during a survey by the Lake Champlain Maritime Museum. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19879872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879872" title="Matt Lord">
Matt Lord

Matt Lord (born 7 January 1978) is a rugby union player for Northampton Saints in the Guinness Premiership. He plays as a lock. He was born in Taumarunui, New Zealand.

</doc>
<doc id="19879876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879876" title="Mikkjel Fønhus">
Mikkjel Fønhus

Mikkjel Fønhus (14 March 1894 - 28 October 1973) was a Norwegian journalist, novelist and short story writer. Fønhus' stories are often set in the wilderness, featuring animals and animal behavior.
Personal life.
Mikkel Arnesen Fønhus was born on the family farm Nordre Fønhus in the valley of Valdres in Sør-Aurdal, Oppland, Norway to merchant Arne Mikkelsen Fønhus (1860-96) and Olava Olsdatter Storsveen (1867-1948). After six years of primary school he was sent to four years of middle school in Aurdalsbyen and to three years of secondary school in Oslo. He initially started studying law at the University of Oslo. He was married to teacher Helga Karlsgot from 1926, and to Margrethe Frøshaug from 1934. 
Career.
Fønhus made his literary debut with the novel "Skoggangsmand" in 1917, a story about an outlaw. His breakthrough came with the next book, "Der Vildmarken suser" (1919), inspired by Jack London's "The Call of the Wild". His next books were "Det skriker fra Kverrvilljuvet" (1920) and "Troll-Elgen" (1921). These three books were all set in the wilderness, featuring animals and animal behavior. In 1922 he published a novel from Spitsbergen, "Under polarlyset". 
The stories of Fønhus also made frequent references to folk tales. Among his many qualities as a writer was his ability to develop the oral storytelling tradition. An example is the story "Ropet fra Helvetesjuvet" in the collection "Raudalsdansen" from 1924. In 1926 he wrote the novel "Reinsbukken på Jotunfjell", in 1927 the collection "Vandringen mot nord", and in 1929 "Skogenes eventyrer", stories about a fox. He wrote stories about animals such as beaver, marten, wolves and lynx. He wrote about birds such as goose and eagle owl.
Fønhus concentrated in about writing about life in nature itself. His books sold well and with the growing ecology movement, Mikkjel Fønhus appeared as a pioneer in the fight for preserving nature. He published 43 books on these themes during his life. Another 34 were published after his death. He work has been translated into Swedish, Danish, Finnish, German, French, English, Dutch, Czech and Polish. There is an exhibit of his work at Bagn Bygdesamling, a small museum located in Sør-Aurdal, Norway. 

</doc>
<doc id="19879877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879877" title="Alex Rae (rugby union)">
Alex Rae (rugby union)

Alex Rae born 2 February 1986 in Coventry, England is a rugby union player for the Bedford Blues. He plays at lock. He previously played for the Northampton Saints. He joined London Wasps on loan on the 7th February 2013 until the end of the season.

</doc>
<doc id="19879879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879879" title="Scott Gray (rugby union)">
Scott Gray (rugby union)

Scott Donald Gray (born 25 February 1978) in Salisbury, Rhodesia (now Harare, Zimbabwe) is a rugby union footballer for Northampton Saints in the Guinness Premiership. Gray plays as a flanker.
Gray was schooled at Peterhouse Boys. He was head of Paget House and a school prefect. Gray moved to Australia aged 18. After spending two years in Canberra with the Brumbies academy he won a development contract with a view to playing in the Super 12.
However, Gray chose to switch codes and enjoyed a spell playing rugby league with Brisbane Broncos before joining Bath in the Guinness Premiership. From Bath Gray joined Border Reivers, playing for the side until they were disbanded by the Scottish Rugby Union. 
Gray then joined English National Division One side Doncaster Knights before stepping up into the Premiership again with Northampton at the start of the 2008–09 season. 
He won his first Scotland cap against Australia at Murrayfield in 2004, but would have to wait four years for his second chance on the international stage when, rejuvenated by his move to Northampton, he was called into Frank Hadden's squad for the autumn internationals. At the beginning of the 2009–10 season Gray had 8 caps for Scotland.
He intends to return to his former school and take up waterpolo and rugby coaching in 2011. This comes after a long term injury that has halted his career with Scotland.

</doc>
<doc id="19879885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879885" title="Ben Lewitt">
Ben Lewitt

Ben Lewitt born 23 October 1978 in Leamington Spa, England is a rugby union player currently playing for the Bedford Blues in the Aviva Championship. He left the Northampton Saints at the end of the 2008-09 Guinness Premiership.
He played over 70 games for the Saints, including the quarter-final and semi-final of Northampton Saints' 2006-07 Heineken Cup run which saw them beat Biarritz Olympique in the Quarter-Final in San Sebastian before losing the Semi-Final to previous winners London Wasps at the Ricoh Arena in Coventry.
He plays at flanker.
He is 6'3" tall and weighs 105 kg
Ben's previous clubs include the Leicester Tigers, Orrell R.U.F.C. and Coventry R.F.C..
He has also represented the England Sevens where he went to the 2006 Commonwealth Games and has previously represented the England Students.
Ben also now works in the family brewing business The Warwickshire Beer Company, where some of their beers hold awards from Campaign for Real Ale. One of their best sellers is called 'Darling Buds' a 4% golden ale.

</doc>
<doc id="19879889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879889" title="Jon Clarke (rugby union)">
Jon Clarke (rugby union)

Jon Clarke (born 22 October 1983 in Sheffield, Yorkshire, England) is a rugby union player for Worcester Warriors in the Aviva Premiership. He plays primarily as a centre and also occasionally at full-back or on the wing.
He has represented the England Saxons team and many have suggested he should be given a chance in the full England rugby union team with other young players like Mathew Tait, Dan Hipkiss and James Simpson-Daniel.
Clarke, born in Sheffield, has played a total of 165 games for the Saints and scored 32 tries.
Clarke started at Franklin's Gardens in 2003 as part of the Saints Academy and had an immediate impact at first team level.
He was named Young Player of the Year in 2003/04, normally operating at full back, before a switch to centre in 2005 saw his career hit new highs.
Clarke was also hugely significant for Saints during the 2009/10 season with his nine tries in all competitions the second highest tally in the squad, and his play alongside James Downey earned him a call from the England Saxons for their Six Nations games against Ireland and Italy.
After passing a century of Saints appearances in a Heineken Cup match with Benetton Treviso, Clarke retained his place in the Saxons squad that went on to win the 2010 Churchill Cup in Denver, USA.
In 2012, Jon moved to Worcester Warriors where he enjoyed a memorable debut for Warriors as he scored a bonus-point try against London Irish in September 2012 and subsequently won the man-of-the-match award for his performance.

</doc>
<doc id="19879892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879892" title="James Downey (rugby union)">
James Downey (rugby union)

James Downey (born 23 March 1981 in Dublin, Republic of Ireland) is an Irish rugby union player for Munster in the Pro 12 and Heineken Cup. He plays as a Centre. He was educated at Belvedere College, where he won the Leinster Schools Junior Cup.
Leinster.
Downey made his debut for his home province on 10 October 2003, against Cardiff Blues. He scored his first try for Leinster on 2 April 2004 against Glasgow Warriors. He left the province to join Connacht for the start of the 2004–05 season.
Connacht.
Downey struggled to gain game time at Connacht due to injuries, managing only three games during the 2005–06 season, and was released from his contract.
Munster.
In an effort to find more game time, Downey accepted a trial at the then Heineken Cup champions Munster. He made his debut against Cardiff Blues in the Celtic League on 1 September 2006. He played two more games for Munster, against Border Reivers and Glasgow Warriors, but left Munster when offered more game time with Italian club Rugby Calvisano.
Calvisano.
The lure of Heineken Cup rugby led to Downey joining Italian Super 10 (now National Championship of Excellence) side Calvisano. The club were in Pool 3 of the 2006–07 Heineken Cup and, after releasing one of their centres, were looking for a new player. Then coach, Marc Delpoux, had been impressed by Downey when Connacht played Narbonne in October 2004, and brought him to Brescia.
Northampton.
Downey signed for Saints in June 2007. He made his debut for the club against London Welsh in National Division 1 on 1 September 2007, and scored his first try against Bedford Blues on 22 September. He was part of the Saints team that secured promotion to the Guinness Premiership in 2008. In the 2008–09 season, Downey helped Saints secure European silverware when they beat CS Bourgoin-Jallieu to secure the 2008–09 European Challenge Cup.
Return to Munster.
He rejoined Munster on a two-year deal from the 2012–13 season. He arrived in Cork to join up with the Munster squad in May 2012, after playing his last game for Northampton.
Downey played his first game of his return to Munster on 1 September 2012, starting at Inside Centre in their opening league fixture against Edinburgh. He scored his first try for Munster in their league fixture against Ospreys on 23 February 2014.
Ireland.
Downey's form for Northampton saw him earn a place in the Ireland A team for the 2009 Churchill Cup. He came off the bench in the opening fixture on 10 June 2009 against Canada, before starting against Georgia on 14 June. Downey had to settle for an appearance off the bench again as Ireland A beat England Saxons 22–49 to win the 2009 Churchill Cup Final. Downey was added to the senior Ireland squad to tour North America on 2 June 2013. He made his senior debut for Ireland on 15 June 2013, starting against Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="19879922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879922" title="Remon Stotijn">
Remon Stotijn

Remon Stotijn is a Dutch singer, member of the band Postmen.
Biography.
Remon Stotijn was born on December 27 1975 in Suriname. His father was Surinamese, his mother came from Rotterdam (Netherlands), the city he grew up in.
At the age of 16 he was part of the Rotterdam hiphop band Secret Recipe.
In 1993 Remon Stotijn and G-Boah (aka Gus Bear) formed the band Postmen. Remon is the author of all Postmen songs.
In 2004 he married the rock singer Anouk. He has written 2 songs for her album "Hotel New York". In 2005 he moved to the U.S. with his wife and their children (they eventually have three). Stotijn and Anouk subsequently divorced in May 2008.
January 2012 Stotijn signed a deal with management company De Water Music & Media.
August 2012 Stotijn wrote and produced several tracks for the upcoming Doe Maar album.
Producer.
Remon Stotijn produced or co-produced songs for:
References.
http://www.megamediamagazine.nl/react.php?id=11847

</doc>
<doc id="19879925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879925" title="Neil Starling">
Neil Starling

Neil Starling born 8 June 1982 in Kingston upon Thames, England is a rugby union player currently playing for London Welsh. His previous clubs include Northampton Saints and Rotherham Titans in the Guinness Premiership. He plays as a centre.

</doc>
<doc id="19879927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879927" title="Joe Gray (rugby union)">
Joe Gray (rugby union)

Joe Gray (born 5 August 1988 in Nottingham, England) is a rugby union player for Harlequins in the Aviva Premiership. He plays as a hooker, and previously played for the Northampton Saints.

</doc>
<doc id="19879929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879929" title="Phil Hoy (rugby union)">
Phil Hoy (rugby union)

Phil Hoy born 30 September 1987 in Luton, England is a rugby union player currently without a club after playing for Northampton Saints in the Guinness Premiership. He plays as a lock. He was released by Northampton Saints at the end of the 2008-09 season.

</doc>
<doc id="19879931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879931" title="Rob Milligan">
Rob Milligan

Rob Milligan (born 17 April 1990 in Northampton, Northamptonshire, England) was a rugby union player for Northampton Saints in the Guinness Premiership. He played as a number 8. Like many Northampton Saints players, he began his career at Northampton Old Scouts RFC, like his former team-mate Courtney Lawes.
He attended Rugby School as a day pupil in Town House, was head of school and captained their first XV.
Milligan made his only Saints appearance in an EDF Energy Cup match against Bristol Rugby.
Milligan retired from rugby after the 2008-09 season due to medical advice. He has decided to pursue a career in rowing.
References.
Northampton Old Scouts RFC

</doc>
<doc id="19879934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879934" title="Jon Vickers (rugby union)">
Jon Vickers (rugby union)

Jon Vickers born 23 December 1988 in Bristol, England is a rugby union player. He moved to Exeter Chiefs from fellow Premiership side Northampton Saints. He plays as a hooker but can also play both sides at prop.
Vickers moved from Exeter Chiefs to Plymouth Albion for the 2012-13 season. It was announced at the end of the 2012-13 season that Vickers would leave Plymouth for Championship rivals Nottingham.

</doc>
<doc id="19879941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879941" title="A1 Film Company">
A1 Film Company

A1 Film Company is a Burmese-owned cinema company.
The company was awarded to the Myanmar Motion Picture Academy Awards.
It produced the 1940 Burmese film "Chit Yay Sin" and 1935 "Japan Yin Thwe". 

</doc>
<doc id="19879946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879946" title="Charles Sandwith Campbell">
Charles Sandwith Campbell

Charles Sandwith Campbell K.C., LL.D. (1858–1923) was a benefactor who gave the City of Montreal the Campbell Concerts and Campbell Parks. He was a Governor of McGill University.
Biography.
Born in 1858 at Kingston, Ontario, Campbell was the eldest son of Sir Alexander Campbell, Postmaster General of Canada and Lieutenant-Governor of Ontario. His mother, Georgina Fredrica Locke Sandwith, was the daughter of Thomas Sandwith of Beverley, Yorkshire, the eminent philanthropist, political reformer and advocate of social and intellectual advancement. Campbell's mother was a first cousin of . 
Campbell grew up in Ottawa and was educated at Bishop's College School in Lennoxville, Quebec and afterwards at Laval University, where he graduated "avec grande distinction". In 1877, he continued his legal education in England at Trinity College, Cambridge, entering Lincoln's Inn the following year. He graduated B.A., LL.B. in 1881. In 1884, he returned to Canada and entered the Montreal law firm of William Badgley and John Abbott, becoming a senior partner in 1887. In 1889, he and two other former Laval students, Frederick Edmund Meredith and James Bryce Allan (1861–1945) K.C. (son of Andrew Allan and brother of Lady Meredith), took over from the old senior partners and formed the firm of Campbell, Meredith & Allan. 
The firm continued as the most influential in Montreal as corporation lawyers representing the majority of the residents of the Golden Square Mile, holders of 70% of Canada's wealth in 1900. In 1901, the firm's major clients were: Bank of Montreal; Canadian Pacific Railway; Montreal Stock Exchange; Allan Line Steamship Co.; Sir Hugh Allan's Merchants Bank of Canada; Molson Bank; Montreal Street Railway; Montreal Trust and Deposit Co.; American Tobacco Company, of Canada; John De Kuyper & Son; Elder & Dempster Shipping; Hamburg American Packet Shipping Co.; Ocean Accident and the Guarantee Corporation. Today the firm is known as Borden Ladner Gervais.
Widely recognised as 'one of the outstanding corporate lawyers in the country', Campbell concerned himself mainly with corporate and commercial affairs, rarely entering into litigation. In the courts he had a reputation as a persistent, even an obstinate man, but in the firm's offices he was remembered as quiet and gentle. He served as an officer with the Montreal Garrison Artillery and was on the executive board of the Montreal Liberal-Conservatives Association. 
He served as a director of many client companies including the Montreal Terminal Railway, and he sat on the board of Governors of McGill University. Campbell retired from legal practice in 1910, retiring to his farm at Dorval. Already a director of the Montreal Jockey Club and on the committee of the Montreal Horse Show, he became involved in breeding racehorses. But, frustrated by the rules which prohibited the importation of better breeding stock from outside Canada, he abandoned it after only three years. He sold his racing farm and bought another big estate at Bedford in the Eastern Townships, where he continued his interest in scientific farming. For the remainder of his life he only spent his summers in Montreal.
Campbell Concerts and Parks.
Charles Campbell was unmarried when he died in 1923, leaving an estate worth $2 million. The executor of the will was his former business partner and closest friend, F.E. Meredith. After provision had been made for the upkeep of Campbell's horse, Kodak, the remainder of the will was divided into five parts. 
The first part of his estate went to the Montreal General Hospital; the second to the Kingston General Hospital and the third to various relatives and friends. The remaining two parts, worth one million dollars, were left to the City of Montreal. One part was to purchase parkland "in congested parts of the City of Montreal to make playgrounds for young children not too far from their parents abodes" and the second part was to provide an income to be used "to encourage the playing on summer evenings of bands of music in the public places handy to the congested parts of the city". In 1949, the "Montreal Herald" reported,
"Nobody has named a street nor a park for him. No bandsman has dedicated a composition, nor civic body erected a monument to him. But Charles Sandwith Campbell has left his own enduring monument, sounding forever in the ears of a million Montrealers, his heirs at large." Today there are three Campbell Parks in Montreal and concerts in his name are still given at no charge for the people of Montreal.

</doc>
<doc id="19879964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879964" title="Was (Not Was) (album)">
Was (Not Was) (album)

Was (Not Was) is the début album by art-funk ensemble Was (Not Was); it was released in 1981.
The album was re-released with additional material in 2004 under the name "Out Come the Freaks".
Track listing.
Side A
Side B

</doc>
<doc id="19879976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879976" title="Sam Alford">
Sam Alford

Sam Alford born 23 November 1986 in England is a rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership. He plays as a scrum-half. Alford signed for Bristol for the 2008/09 season and made his first team debut against Northampton Saints in the EDF cup. 
Previous Clubs:
Bath Rugby
West Brisbane Bulldogs
Cornish All Blacks
London Welsh (Loan Period)

</doc>
<doc id="19879979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879979" title="Chevvy Pennycook">
Chevvy Pennycook

Chevvy Pennycook (born 6 April 1987 in Bristol, England) is a rugby union player for Moseley in the Aviva Championship, who formerly played for Bristol in the Premiership. He plays at flanker. His brother is Bristol player Redford Pennycook.
Chevvy represented the England Under 20 side in 2007. He signed for Moseley at the end of the 2008–09 Guinness Premiership.

</doc>
<doc id="19879982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879982" title="Mathew Turner">
Mathew Turner

Mathew Turner (born 18 January 1988 in Cape Town, South Africa) is a rugby union player for the England 7s team which compete in the IRB Sevens World Series. He formerly played Bristol Rugby in the Aviva Premiership. He plays on the wing.
Career.
Turner is considered to be one of the greatest wingers in Bishops (Diocesan College) rugby to date. He was part of the 2006 Bishops rugby team, rated as one of the finest in the school's history. In the 2006 season, Turner scored 25 tries, averaging more than one try a match. He was, however, overlooked for selection when the Western Province Craven Week side was selected, a decision considered by many to be a travesty.
Qualifying to play internationally for England through the IRB ancestral rules and regulations, Turner was selected for the England sevens team for the first two legs of the 2009–10 IRB Sevens World Series.
Turner while on holiday at home in South Africa was released to play for the Souther Kings versus The British and Irish Lions. He was also a member of the Springbok Under-20 team and Western Province under-19 team. Controversially he was considered second string in the Western Province under-21 squad, despite beating out the favoured player for the University of Cape Town side.
His preparatory school was Western Province Preparatory School in Newlands, Cape Town, he then attended Bishops Diocesan College in Cape Town where he played for their first XV rugby team.

</doc>
<doc id="19879996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879996" title="Beach handball at the 2008 Asian Beach Games">
Beach handball at the 2008 Asian Beach Games

Beach handball at the 2008 Asian Beach Games were held from October 18 to October 25, 2008 in Bali, Indonesia.

</doc>
<doc id="19879997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19879997" title="Dan Norton">
Dan Norton

Dan Norton (born 22 March 1988 in England) is a rugby union player for the England rugby sevens national team, and also plays for Hartpury College R.F.C. in the National Division Two South. He plays as a winger.
Norton was at the Gloucester academy and dual registered with Moseley for both the 2007/08 and 2008/09 seasons.
International.
Norton helped England U20s to a Six Nations Grand Slam title in 2008.
During the 2010-2011 season, Norton's main focus was on the 7s format, playing in the Commonwealth Games and a regular in the IRB Sevens World Series. Norton has been a core-contracted Sevens player to the RFU since the 2011-12 season. Norton scored 37 tries in the 2011/12 series - second only to England teammate Mat Turner with 38. In December 2012, Norton scored his 100th career try for England against Scotland in Port Elizabeth, South Africa. Norton is second on the all-time list of England try scorers on the IRB Sevens World Series.
Norton has exceptional pace, the ability to sidestep of either foot, and with a good kicking game. Norton is one of the quickest players on the 7s circuit, with a personal best for the 40m of 4.78 seconds.
Club.
Norton made his name at Hartpury College where his dynamic performances on the wing and at fullback earned him a senior contract with Gloucester from 2007 to 2009. and was instrumental in helping Moseley (on loan from Gloucester) win the EDF National Trophy in 2009, scoring a try against Leeds in the final at Twickenham.
In April 2009, it was announced that Norton would be joining Bristol for the next season. Norton played the start of the 2009-2010 for Bristol and soon established himself as the best winger in the league and top scorer, as Bristol reached the Championship play-off final in 2010, going on to win the British & Irish Cup in 2011. However after returning from England sevens duty his time with the different format seemed to lose his edge, and was not given enough time to convert, becoming a bit part player for the rest of the season. Although he re-established himself in the B&I Cup winning Bristol side at the end of the 2010-11 season, he was not included in the Bristol retained players list announced at the end of May 2011.
Norton is an ambassador for Mizuno Rugby.

</doc>
<doc id="19880003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19880003" title="Henry Trinder">
Henry Trinder

Henry Richard Trinder (born 14 April 1989 in Swindon) is an English rugby union player for Gloucester Rugby in the Guinness Premiership. He plays as a centre or on the wing.
In common with the other England Academy players at Gloucester Rugby, since the 2007–08 season Trinder has been dual-registered with Moseley and can play for either club.
Trinder's first appearance for Gloucester was a brief substitute appearance at Edgeley Park when he came on for Leon Lloyd towards the end of the 2007–08 season. The following season he started four times, covering for Mike Tindall when he was with England or injured.

</doc>
<doc id="19880005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19880005" title="Mark Odejobi">
Mark Odejobi

Mark Tunde O. Odejobi born 18 January 1988 in London, England is a rugby union player for Esher in the Aviva Championship. He previously played for London Wasps in the Premiership. He also had a loan spell at London Welsh. Up until 2009 he played at winger. At the start of 2010 he started playing in his new position at flanker. His nickname is Oddjob.
In November 2011, Mark joined National Division 3 South West side Redingensians, for whom he plays on the wing. 

</doc>
<doc id="19880014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19880014" title="Damien Varley">
Damien Varley

Damien Varley (born 29 October 1983 in Limerick, Ireland) is an Irish rugby union player for Munster in the Pro 12 and Heineken Cup. He plays as a Hooker. Varley plays his club rugby with Garryowen.
Early life.
Varley was educated in a boarding school, St. Munchin's College in Limerick where he scored two tries as Munchin's won the Munster Schools Senior Cup final in 2002. He studied at the University of Limerick.
Munster.
Varley made his senior debut for Munster as a replacement in a Celtic League fixture against Ospreys on 5 May 2006.
London Wasps.
Varley joined English club side London Wasps on a one-year contract on 26 September 2008, and scored a try for his new club less than a day later in a late win against Leicester Tigers.
Return to Munster.
Varley rejoined his native province for the start of the 2009–10 season, and went on to play a total of 22 games for Munster that season, including his Heineken Cup debut as a replacement against Benetton Treviso on 17 October 2009. He started for Munster in their historic 15–6 victory against Australia at Thomond Park on 16 November 2010. Varley also started for Munster when they beat arch-rivals, and newly crowned Heineken Cup champions, Leinster 19–9 in the 2011 Magners League Grand Final. He signed a two-year contract extension with Munster in February 2013.
Ireland.
Varley joined the Ireland squad for the 2010 Summer Tour as cover for Jerry Flannery, and was selected for the New Zealand Barbarians for their match against New Zealand Maori, after the IRFU agreed to release two players for the fixture, but had to withdraw from the squad due to a back injury. He came on as a substitute for Ireland against the Maori a week later, and was named on the bench for Ireland's game against Australia, coming on to win his first cap in the last few minutes. He was named in the Ireland squad for the 2010 Autumn Tests, and came on against Argentina.
He was selected in Ireland's training squad for the 2011 Rugby World Cup warm-ups in August, but was left out of the final squad. However, during training at the World Cup, Jerry Flannery suffered an injury and Varley was called up to replace him in the squad.
He was selected in the Ireland Wolfhounds squad for their game against England Saxons in January 2012.
Varley was called into Ireland's training squad for the 2013 Six Nations Championship on 21 January 2013. He came on as a replacement during Ireland Wolfhounds friendly with England Saxons on 25 January 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19880017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19880017" title="Sean Dunphy">
Sean Dunphy

Sean Dunphy (30 November 1937 – 17 May 2011) was an Irish singer who represented Ireland at the 1967 Eurovision Song Contest, achieving second place with "If I Could Choose". He was also the first Irish singer to record in Nashville.
Career.
Born in Whitehall, Dublin, Dunphy first became famous in his home country as lead singer with The Hoedowners, a showband led by trumpeter Earl Gill. Between 1966 and 1973, fourteen singles by Sean Dunphy and The Hoedowners entered the Irish Charts including, in 1969, two number ones: "Lonely Woods of Upton" and "When The Fields Were White With Daisies". In the late 1970s, Dunphy went on to have two further hits as a solo artist.
Despite undergoing a quadruple heart bypass operation in 2007, Sean Dunphy continued to give live performances. In March 2009, he sang many of his greatest hits in a one-off concert at Dublin's National Concert Hall. His last public engagement was at a charity event twenty-four hours before his death.
Sean Dunphy and his wife Lily had four children. His son Brian is a member of the Irish band, The High Kings.
Dunphy died at his home in Baldoyle, County Dublin and is buried at Greenogue cemetery in Ashbourne, County Meath.

</doc>
<doc id="19880028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19880028" title="Jonny Kennedy (rugby union)">
Jonny Kennedy (rugby union)

Jonny Kennedy (born 16 February 1990) was a rugby union player for Sale Sharks and Scotland Under 21's. He is the son of Sale Sharks owner Brian Kennedy.
Kennedy played as a centre or on the wing. He retired in May 2011 due to several concussions.

</doc>
<doc id="19880042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19880042" title="Sparviero-class patrol boat">
Sparviero-class patrol boat

The Sparviero-class are small hydrofoil missile boats capable of traveling at speeds of 46 knots. They were designed for and formerly used by the Italian Navy. The Japanese 1-go class missile boat is an updated version formerly used by the Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force (JMSDF).
History.
Italy.
The Sparviero class fast attack hydrofoil was designed in Italy by the Alinavi society, a consortium of the American company Boeing, the Italian government's naval research branch, and Carlo Rodriguez, a Messina-based builder of commercial hydrofoils, based on Boeing's "Tucumcari" for the US Navy. A prototype, named "Sparviero" was ordered in 1970 for the Italian Navy, "Sparviero" was laid down by Alinavi in La Spezia in April 1971, was launched on 9 May 1973 and finally commissioned into Italian navy service on 15 July 1974.
The design used the Boeing Jetfoil system, with one hydrofoil forward and two aft, which folded out of the water when cruising. The ship was propelled at high speeds by a Rolls-Royce Proteus gas turbine driving a water jet, while a diesel engine driving a retractable propeller powered the ship at low speeds. The hull and superstructure were constructed entirely of aluminium. As the design was intended for short-range, high speed operations, no sleeping accommodation was fitted. Armament consisted of two Otomat anti-ship missiles aft and a single Oto Melara 76 mm rapid-fire gun forward.
It was planned in 1974–1975 to order four more Sparviero class hydrofoils, to be supplemented by at least two larger Pegasus class hydrofoils, but plans for a NATO-wide standardisation on the Pegasus class were abandoned. When orders were finally placed in 1977, they were for six more Sparvieros (giving seven in total) and no Pegasus class boats. The new ships, built by Fincantieri at Muggiano, entered service from 1982 to 1984, and differed from the prototype in having a more advanced installation for the Otomat missiles (using the Teseo control system) and having water injection fitted to the gas turbines.
The class proved to be underpowered, and it was hoped to re-engine them with more powerful () Alison gas turbines, but these plans were later abandoned. All of the Italian ships have now been decommissioned.
Japan.
The Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force (JMSDF) selected a modified version of the Sparviero class as a replacement for its PT 11 class torpedo boats. A license agreement was signed in 1991 to build up to 12 Sparvieros, with the first two approved in FY90 and both were laid down by Sumitomo in Uraga on 25 March 1991. An order for a third boat was delayed to help pay for Japan's contribution to the Gulf War, with it not being laid down until 1993. A request for a fourth boat under the FY 95 budget was rejected, and plans for further hydrofoils abandoned.
The Japanese chose different armament than used in the Italian boats, with up to four Type 90 Ship-to-Ship Missiles replacing the Otomats and a non-stabilised 20 mm M61 Vulcan rotary cannon replacing the larger Oto Melara gun. The main powerplant is a General Electric LM500 gas turbine.
Military use.
Italian ships have all been decommissioned. The Sparviero class was used by the Japanese coastal patrol forces as a fast attack interceptor.
Ships in class.
Image gallery for PG 1-go class (GlobalSecurity.org)

</doc>
<doc id="19880066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19880066" title="Nick Royle">
Nick Royle

Nick Royle (born 1983) is a current England Rugby Sevens International rugby union player. He plays as a winger.
Career.
Rugby league.
Educated at Wade Deacon High School in Widnes, Royle has a strong rugby league background emanating from the age of six at local club Halton Hornets. He went on to appear for Widnes Vikings and Warrington Wolves, as well as Sale Sharks, Fylde Rugby Club and Vale of Lune in the Union game. Nick's best memory before joining England Sevens was a 70-metre try on his Super League debut in a 24-16 Widnes win over Warrington. Royle was noted for his speed, however his defensive frailties were exposed and he chose to move to the 15-a-side code and then onto the Sevens circuit.
Rugby union.
Previously unknown to most, Royle emerged as a talent on the IRB Sevens World Series scene with four tries in his debut tournament in Dubai in early December 2009 that has led to 29 overall so far. They include four off the bench in the final event of 2009-10 at Murrayfield, one against France in Las Vegas in February this year and another in the USA match in Hong Kong the following month. 
In early April, he became the Adelaide tournament’s overall leading try-scorer with eight, having bagged successive hat tricks in the opening matches against Scotland and Papua New Guinea before plundering two in the next game against Argentina. 
A powerful and irrepressible runner, he even scored in four consecutive matches spanning the Dubai and George tournaments in 2009, a telling tally that introduced him to opposing defences in an exalted competition.
In 2011, he finished best try scorer of the Sevens Grand Prix Series with 35 tries.
In 2013 he plays for Vale of Lune currently heading the try scoring tables in North West League One
Personal life.
In 2011 Royle appeared on Don't Tell the Bride, marrying his girlfriend Victoria. 
Royle is also a keen metal detectorist.

</doc>
<doc id="19880069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19880069" title="BTCC Masters">
BTCC Masters

The BTCC Masters was a one off race organised between TOCA director Alan J. Gow and SEAT. The race took place at Donington Park on September 26, 2004 at the end of the final race of the 2004 British Touring Car Championship season.
Race Concept.
The idea of the race was to find the "BTCC Master"" from sixteen past and present drivers from the British Touring Car Championship. The total number of drivers was sixteen, the line up including eight former champions was the largest number of BTCC title winners to take place in one race. The rest of the grid was made up of race winners and former stars from the past twelve years. Only two drivers were unable to race, Yvan Muller and James Thompson due to their contracts with Vauxhall. Car numbers related to the year they won the BTCC championship, for example John Cleland in car number 95 because he won in 1995. With non championship winning drivers given single numbers. The drivers would all take two timed free practice sessions in the cars but the starting grid would be drawn randomly from a hat.
The cars were all identical SEAT Leon Cupra R's, as driven in the SEAT Cupra Championship which was part of the TOCA tour. As the cars were front wheel drive, older drivers such as Gravett and Sytner said they did struggle to drive as they were used to driving rear wheel drive touring cars. All cars were painted in the same grey colour except for SEAT driver Jason Plato, who drove a blue car.
Driver Grid.
Below is a table which shows all the drivers who took place in the order they were drawn for their grid positions.
Overview.
As all the drivers took their places on the grid and waited for the starting lights, Anthony Reid, who was on the front row, jumped the start as the lights were on red. Reid went forward a few feet and as he realised his error and stopped, the lights had gone green and he'd lost several places. On the whole, the race was fiercely contested by all competitors with much panel bashing throughout. This was evident as early as the second corner as Jason Plato pushed past Patrick Watts for second place sending him onto the grass and dropping him down the field. Making the most progress on the first lap was Tim Harvey. Starting in tenth, he'd managed to make his way up to third by the time the cars had started lap two. At the front the battle was between John Cleland and Plato. Plato took the lead on lap four but Cleland stayed close and got his place back again two laps later. On lap eight Plato forced his way up the inside of Cleland on the first corner. This sent Cleland wide and both Reid and Harvey also got by. While all this was happening at the front, Gabriele Tarquini had set the fastest lap time and had already overtaken half the field. The safety car was soon brought out for a lap purely to bunch up all the drivers again who by now were quite spread apart.
After the restart there was a new race leader as Reid forcefully got past Plato. Further behind as the cars came round the craner curves, Kelvin Burt was pushed by the group of drivers behind him off the track and hard side on into the tyre wall. It was a heavy collision but thankfully, Burt stepped out the car shaken but OK. As the cars were slowed down for the safety car, somehow Harvey and Johnny Cecotto managed to collide, sending both drivers into the gravel trap and out of the race.
When the race had restarted again, Alain Menu made a move past Plato as they went round the old hairpin. Menu knocked Plato on to the grass. He tried to keep the car in a straight line to get back on to the tarmac coming under Starkys bridge, but as he returned to the track he drove straight in front of Watts. Watts had no chance to avoid and both wrecked cars spun off the circuit. By now Reid was clear in first place with Menu second. On the final lap the main battle was for third. Frank Biela had the position but the impressive Tarquini was now right behind him and managed to get side by side as they came under the Dunlop Bridge towards the final corner. At the finish, Reid took the chequered flag with Menu half a second behind. Tarquini had got ahead of Biela to take the final podium place. Just behind them Matt Neal took fifth and Cleland finished sixth in what was a thrilling race.
DVD release.
Extensive highlights of the race along with post race reactions were available as an extra feature on the UK DVD of the British Touring Car Championship 2004 review.

</doc>
<doc id="19880075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19880075" title="Carl Fearns">
Carl Fearns

Carl Fearns (born 28 May 1989 in Liverpool, England) is a rugby union player for Bath Rugby in the Aviva Premiership. He plays as a back-row forward.
Fearns made his Sale debut in an EDF Energy Cup match against Cardiff Blues, winning the Man of the Match award.
Fearns captained England at U18 level. He was a member of the England Under 20 team that reached the final of the 2009 IRB Junior World Championship.
His performances in this tournament led to him being nominated for the IRB Junior Player of the Year award.
Fearns missed the whole of the 2007–08 season due to knee reconstruction.
It was announced on 8 March 2011 that Fearns had signed for Bath on a 2-year deal.
On 10 July 2013, Fearns knocked out Bath teammate Gavin Henson on a night out in the city.

</doc>
<doc id="19880081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19880081" title="James Gaskell">
James Gaskell

James Gaskell (born 20 May 1990 in Crewe, England) is a rugby union player for Sale Sharks in the Aviva Premiership. He plays as a flanker or lock. After making the debut for Sale in 2008, Gaskell was named the club's Breakthrough Player of the Year for the 2009/10 season. Gaskell was named club captain for the 2010/11 season, making him the youngest captain in the history of the Premiership. He was injured for much of the season, and returned in January 2011. The club's coach changed while Gaskell was injured, and a new captain was appointed.
Early career.
Gaskell was educated at Sandbach School in Cheshire and first played rugby at Sandbach Rugby Club, and graduated from Sale Shark's rugby academy. In November 2008, the club suffered a crisis with 16 members of their 31-man senior squad either injured or unable to play due to international commitments. As a result, Gaskell was one of five academy players drafted into the side to make their Premiership debut in a match against Worcester Warriors. Two months later, Gaskell was named in England Under 20s Elite Squad for the Under 20s Six Nations. He was named Sale's Academy Player of the Year for the 2008/09 season.
Gaskell scored his first try for the Sharks in a 27–26 win over Cardiff Blues at Edgley Park in the Heineken Cup on 16 October 2009. He was named Sale's Breakthrough Player of the Year and Player's Player of the Year for the 2009/10 season. Gaskell's try in a 21–16 win over against Harlequins on 1 January 2010 was voted Sale's try of the season. He sprinted over after receiving a pass from Neil Briggs to score his third try of the season. Gaskell was also voted Sale's "players' player of the season" for 2009/2010.
Mike Brewer replaced former Sale and England player Jason Robinson as the club's head coach in April 2010 after a season in which Sale narrowly avoided relegation from the Premiership. Brewer instigated a number of changes including signing more than ten new players and a releasing similar number. Announced on 31 August, one such change was the appointment of Gaskell as club captain for the 2010/11 season ahead of Sale's international players such as Charlie Hodgson and Mark Cueto. Brewer explained the decision, saying that "I know it will be a surprise to a lot of people thanks to James' age but, as far as what I'm looking for in a captain which is someone to take the club forward on this journey which we're about to embark on. I see him as a key player in the squad over the next three to five years. The biggest trait I'm looking for in a captain is someone who is prepared to put his body on the line and someone who won't be asking others to do something he's not prepared to do himself. James might be only 20 but I think he's a lot older in terms of his experience and rugby knowledge and I think he'll be a real success for the team and I know the players are right behind him."
At just 20 years and 106 days old, he was the youngest captain in the club's history, and in the history of the Premiership. At the time he had started just ten matches for the club. Early in the season, Gaskell suffered an injury scare in a match against Saracens; it was feared he may have fractured his leg, however he was soon able to return to play for Sale. Less than a month later, in October, Gaskell suffered an injury to his ankle meaning he would be unable to play for 14 to 16 weeks. In Gaskell's absence, Neil Briggs was handed the captaincy for the rest of the season and it was planned that Gaskell would return to the captaincy at the start of the following season.
In January 2011 Gaskell returned from injury, and scored a try in Sale's 28–22 win over Saracens. It was his third try for Sale in twenty matches. During Gaskell's absence Brewer was sacked, Sale having won three of their first nine Premiership matches of the season; Pete Anglesea replaced Brewer as coach and soon after appointed winger Mark Cueto as captain.

</doc>
<doc id="19880082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19880082" title="Martin Halsall">
Martin Halsall

Martin Halsall born 25 December 1984 in Blackpool, England is a rugby union player for Nottingham R.F.C. in the RFU Championship. He plays as a tighthead prop and started his career with Sale Sharks, debuting for the first team in 2004. In December 2010, Halsall left Sale to play for Nottingham in the hope of playing more first-team matches. Halsall retired in May 2011 following neck injuries.

</doc>
<doc id="19880083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19880083" title="Alex Shaw (rugby union)">
Alex Shaw (rugby union)

Alex Shaw (born 31 March 1987 in Ajax, Kent, England) is a rugby union player for Nottingham in the RFU Championship. He previously played for Sale Sharks in the Premiership. He plays in the back-row.

</doc>
<doc id="19880087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19880087" title="Hollywood Undercover">
Hollywood Undercover

Hollywood Undercover: Revealing the Sordid Secrets of Tinseltown is a non-fiction book about the culture of Hollywood society, written by investigative journalist and author Ian Halperin. Halperin poses as a gay man trying to become a successful actor in Hollywood, and informs individuals he is from the non-existent "Israeli royal family". He investigates rumors that the Church of Scientology reportedly claims to have a "cure" for homosexuality through "auditing", and speaks with a former Scientologist about his experiences. He also explores the casting couch phenomenon, the pornography industry, and the Oscars. Halperin meets with famous actors and celebrities, successfully obtains a talent agent, and a role in the film "The Aviator".
The book was published in 2007 in the United Kingdom by Mainstream Publishing, and on January 15, 2008 in the United States. "Hollywood Undercover" received generally positive reviews in "The Herald", "New York Daily News", "The Saturday Star", and "Contactmusic.com"; and a critical review in "The Independent". Halperin later released a documentary film on the same topic, "His Highness Hollywood", which premiered in New York City in April 2008. "His Highness Hollywood" is a companion documentary to the book.
Contents.
Halperin pretends to be an individual trying to become a successful actor in Los Angeles, and gains access to exclusive celebrity parties. He informs individuals in the entertainment industry that he is a "member of the Israeli royal family" (which does not exist).
The book takes a critical look at the Church of Scientology and its influence in Hollywood. Halperin posed as a gay man looking for a "cure" for homosexuality from Scientology in order to expose what he felt were inherent prejudices in the organization. He investigates rumors that Scientology claims to have a cure for homosexuality through a special "auditing" process. Halperin interviews former Scientologist Michael Pattinson, who sued the Church of Scientology claiming fraudulent activities after spending US$500,000 over 18 years in attempts to cure his homosexuality.
Halperin states that he told a Scientology official he wanted to have a successful career in Hollywood but was afraid that if his homosexuality was revealed it would stymie his career. He states that the Scientology official said the organization would "cure him of his sexuality through auditing". According to Halperin the Scientology organization has arranged "cover" marriages as part of a "cure" for homosexuality, and notes that actor and Scientologist John Travolta married Kelly Preston two days after a male porn star told the "National Enquirer" of an alleged relationship he had with Travolta. According to Halperin, Anna Nicole Smith had wanted to become a Scientologist, but decided against it after she was informed by a friend of the organization's stance on homosexuality.
Halperin concludes that the Scientology organization is more focused on money than on other issues: "I pretty much found that everything about the church is about making as much money as possible, which doesn't really make them much different from most other religions. I have to be honest and admit I also met some nice people in the church. It's just that I have a huge problem with their discriminatory attitude toward gays." Halperin disputes Andrew Morton's claim in his book "" that actor Tom Cruise is second in command of the organization, instead asserting Cruise is actually in the top position of leadership.
Halperin also explores the pornography industry, the Oscars, and the travails of the casting couch phenomenon. Links to YouTube videos by Halperin are given throughout the book, to illustrate encounters he had with various entertainment personalities. Halperin meets with famous actors and celebrities including Barbra Streisand, George Clooney and Leonardo DiCaprio, and asks them to share their advice with him about the workings of the entertainment industry. Halperin eventually lands a talent agent, and a role in the film "The Aviator".
Reception.
Cheryl Caira, Rosemary Goring and Anne Johnstone reviewed the book for "The Herald", and describe Halperin's experiences in the book as "certainly entertaining, and at times scandalous". Ben Widdicombe of "New York Daily News" notes Halperin "received the most offensive response imaginable" when he asked a Scientology official who Scientology founder L. Ron Hubbard would have voted for in the 2008 United States presidential election; according to Halperin, he asserted he spoke with a recruiter for Scientology, "He said, 'I can tell you who shouldn't be President - Barack Obama, Condoleezza Rice and the Rev. Al Sharpton. They should not be allowed to run for office, they should be sweeping the office.'" A review of the book in "The Independent" comments that the YouTube links provided throughout the book "have the effect of making virtually everyone who tries to help him seem nice while presenting Halperin as an unscrupulous creep".
In a review in "The Saturday Star", Angelique Serrao writes that Halperin "interviews insiders who spill scandalous information that will leave you gasping at the audacity of the movie world". Adam Adshead of "Contactmusic.com" writes: "Hollywood undercover is a candid and intelligent look at the fame game from an insider's point of view." Marc Weisblott reviewed the book for "Eye Weekly", and comments: "Cynical reporting about the Hollywood system isn’t hard to come by, but Halperin has the audacity to get involved with his subjects, attracting empathy even while claiming that he’s a royal scion craving fame that his homeland cannot facilitate."

</doc>
<doc id="19880088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19880088" title="Chris Leck">
Chris Leck

Chris Leck (born 21 May 1986 in Manchester, England) is a rugby union player for Edinburgh Rugby in the Celtic League. He plays as a scrum-half.

</doc>
<doc id="19880100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19880100" title="Bisoro">
Bisoro

Bisoro Balue is a small village in Cameroon. 
There is another village called Bisoro in Burundi.
Location.
Bisoro is located in the Rumpi Hills of the Ekondo-Titi subdivision in the Ndian département of Cameroon's Southwest Region. It is situated 37 km southeast of the Bakassi Peninsula in the Gulf of Guinea. Bisoro Balue shares its boundaries with Pondo Balue to the south, Bafaka Balue to the west, Diboki Balue to the north and Weme Balue to the northeast.
Village.
There is an earth-road link from Bisoro Balue to the town of Kumba, the main economic town of the region. With aid from the German Government, organized by the Partnership between the Church districts Schopfheim, Lörrach and Dikome-Balue Presbytery (PCC), the village has a 172.000 DM (52.000.000 CFA) 15000 l pipe-borne water system, a primary school that was created in 1958, a health centre created in 1982 and a secondary school created in September 2007 (Minesec, June, 2007).
The recent population and housing census of 2005 estimates that Bisoro Balue has a population of about 5000 people (Bucrep, 2006). The Government Secondary School (GSS) Bisoro Balue takes part in the scholarship fund of the Schopfheim-Lörrach-Dikome partnership.
Ekondo-Titi subdivision consists of thirty-four villages and one urban center which are all located in Ndian division in the South West province of Cameroon. This area was carved out from the Kumba division in 1966 by presidential decree No. 66/08/66. It is bounded by Mundemba to the north, to the west by the rural district of Kumbo Etindi, to the south by Bamusso subdivision, and to the east by Meme division (2012). 
By MBI PADDY E.K

</doc>
<doc id="19880112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19880112" title="Nikolay Yegorovich Makarov">
Nikolay Yegorovich Makarov

Army General Nikolai Yegorovich Makarov (Russian: Никола́й Его́рович Мака́ров; born 7 October 1949) was Chief of the General Staff of the Armed Forces of Russia and First Deputy Minister of Defence from 2008 to 2012 when he was replaced by Valery Gerasimov.
Early life and education.
Makarov was born on 7 October 1949 in Glebovo, Ryazan Oblast. He graduated from the Higher Moscow Combined Arms Command School.
Career.
Makarov assumed command over a platoon (later, company and battalion) with the Group of Soviet Forces in Germany. In 1979, he earned a degree at Frunze Military Academy and reported to the then Transbaikal Military District as deputy regiment commander, deputy division commander, motorized rifle division commander. In 1993, Mr. Makarov graduated from the General Staff Academy and was appointed as chief of staff, Russian Joint Force Tajikistan, and later was assigned to Volga Military District as the chief of staff for an independent army. In January 1998, he took up the post as ground (11th Guards Army) and coastal force commander at the Baltic Fleet. In September 1999, Nikolay Makarov assumed the duties as first deputy commander, Moscow Military District. On 25 December 2002, General Makarov was appointed as Commander Siberian Military District, one of the largest task force location areas spanning across a total of 30% of the country's territory, 16 constituent entities of the Russian Federation populated with over 20 mln people. On 8 May 2005, President of the Russian Federation Vladimir Putin promoted Nikolay Makarov to his present rank of General of the Army. In April 2007 he was appointed as Chief of Аrmament for the Russian Armed Forces/Deputy Minister of Defence. In June 2008 Nikolay Makarov was delegated the powers and responsibilities of Chief of the General Staff, First Deputy Minister of Defence. Makarov was a member of the Historical Truth Commission that existed between 2009 and 2012. Makarov is married and has a son. On 9 November 2012, Makarov was sacked from his position of Chief of the General Staff of the Armed Forces of the Russian Federation by Russian president Vladimir Putin. However he was appointed as an aide to the Defense Minister Sergei Shoygu as The Analyst under the Office of the Inspector General on 4 March 2013 and Reportedly Received the Hero of Russian Federation in March 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19880120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19880120" title="Naganeupseong">
Naganeupseong

Naganeupseong(樂安邑城, 낙안읍성) is a Korean castle in Nagan-myeon, Suncheon, Jeollanamdo, South Korea.
Naganeupseong is the only remaining Joseon dynasty castle in Jeollanamdo.
It finely has the old images of Joseon folk village and castle, with about 100 houses and government offices. Nowadays, there still are 85 households and 229 people living there.
It has the biggest feature that it was built on the plain fields and has the narrow stone walls around the castle.
History.
It was firstly built in 1397 Taejo Joseon, by the general Kim Bin-gil after the defeat of Wokou to protect its area.
It was surrounded by a sand wall but changed to a stone wall during king Sejong, Joseon dynasty because of its difficulty to protect its area against the Japanese invaders Wokou.

</doc>
<doc id="19880122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19880122" title="Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 59">
Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 59

The 59th Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is made up of parts of Fayette County and Westmoreland County. The district includes the following areas:

</doc>
<doc id="19880157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19880157" title="Diaminopimelic acid">
Diaminopimelic acid

Diaminopimelic acid (DAP) is an amino acid, representing an epsilon-carboxy derivative of lysine.
DAP is a characteristic of certain cell walls of some bacteria. When provided, they exhibit normal growth. When in deficiency, they still grow but with the inability to make new cell wall proteoglycan. 
This is also the attachment point for Braun's lipoprotein.

</doc>
<doc id="19880231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19880231" title="Gift of the Holy Ghost">
Gift of the Holy Ghost

The Gift of the Holy Ghost may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19880252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19880252" title="Vencedor">
Vencedor

Vencedor (Eng.: "Victorious") is the title of a studio album released posthumously by Mexican norteño performer Valentín Elizalde. This album became his first number-one set on the "Billboard" Top Latin Albums, and was released in a standard CD presentation and as a CD/DVD combo.
Tracklisting.
The tracklisting from Billboard and Allmusic.
Personnel.
This information from Allmusic.
Chart performance.
Year-End Charts

</doc>
<doc id="19880257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19880257" title="Theodoret of Antioch">
Theodoret of Antioch

Saint Theodoret or Saint Theodoritus (, "God given"; died October 22, 362) was a Greek-speaking Syrian Christian priest who died a martyr in Antioch during the reign of Emperor Julian the Apostate. His life is recorded only by apologetic works. His relics were later taken to Uzès in the south of France and placed in the cathedral, which is dedicated to him.
Life.
Emperor Julian the Apostate, who was the nephew of the Emperor Constantine I, made his uncle Julian a count and governor of the East. Hearing that in the treasury of one of churches of Antioch there was much wealth, Count Julian was determined to seize it and published a proclamation banning the clergy. Theodoret, a priest, who was keeper of the sacred vessels, refused to abandon his flock and continued publicly to celebrate the Divine Liturgy. Count Julian ordered that he should be arrested and brought before him, with his hands bound behind his back. Count Julian accused him of having destroyed the statues of the gods in a previous reign. Theodoret retorted by reproaching the Count with his apostasy. Count Julian now ordered that Theodoret should be tortured, and in consequence, the most atrocious torments were heaped upon this heroic priest, who bore them all with courage for the sake of his faith. It was said that Theodoret spoke these words to Count Julian and to the magistrate: "O most wretched man," he said, "you know well that at the day of judgment the crucified God Whom you blaspheme will send you and the tyrant whom you serve to hell." He was later beheaded on October 22, 362.

</doc>
<doc id="19880289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19880289" title="Joe Davis (disambiguation)">
Joe Davis (disambiguation)

Joe Davis (1901–1978) was a British snooker and billiards player.
Joe Davis or Joseph Davis may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19880291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19880291" title="Bogoštica">
Bogoštica

Bogoštica () is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Krupanj municipality, in the Mačva District of Central Serbia. The village had a Serb ethnic majority and a population of 269 in 2002. 

</doc>
<doc id="19880315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19880315" title="Miit (TV series)">
Miit (TV series)

Miit is a Hindi language Indian television series that aired on Zee TV channel in 2003, every Monday - Thursday at 9:30pm IST. The show is based on a popular novel "Noukadubi", written by the famous Indian poet Rabindranath Tagore in 1905. It follows the concept of mistaken identities, where a woman is thought to be someone who died in a train mishap.
Concept.
The story is based on the lives of two couples: Aakash & Shruti, and Sankalp & Aastha. Destiny plays a strange trick on them and their lives become hopelessly intertwined. Sankalp and Shruti are doctors working in the same hospital. Sankalp feels attracted to Shruti. However, he withdraws when he comes to know that Shruti has a boyfriend named Aakash. Shruti and Aakash come from very different backgrounds; so, their families object to their relationship. But the lovers are determined to be together. 
Meanwhile, Sankalp goes to attend the wedding of Aastha, his best friend Alok's sister. However, certain circumstances arise to cancel the wedding. Then Sankalp offers to marry Aastha, even though he has never had even a glimpse of her face. In the meantime, Shruti's family members pressurize her to marry a man of their choice. A dejected Akash, thinking that he has lost Shruti, agrees to marry a girl, Nupur, chosen by his parents. Meanwhile, Shruti rejects the alliance proposed by her family.
On a fateful night, Akash and Sankalp, respectively accompanied by their newly-wedded wives, Nupur and Aastha, board the train. Neither husband has yet seen his wife's face. Both brides are wearing red wedding dresses, their faces covered with veils. As luck would have it, the trains in which these couples are riding collide and there is a terrible crash. Both Sankalp and Akash survive and start searching for their wives. On the one hand, Sankalp finds Nupur’s dead body and mistakes it for that of Aastha. He claims the body and performs the final rites. Unfortunately, Akash’s father and other relatives are dead. Aakash finds an unconscious Aastha, and mistakes her for his wife Nupur. He takes her to the nearest hospital. 
After several hours Aastha gains consciousness but suffers from memory loss. Aakash takes Aastha home and nurses her devotedly. Soon, however, he comes to know that she is not his wife. In the meantime, Shruti and Aakash meet again. They are overjoyed to know that they are still single and free to be with each other. However, Shruti sees Aastha and begins to doubt Aakash's loyalty. Sankalp consoles Shruti and she begins to trust him more and more as time passes. Aastha still remembers nothing; she believes that she is Nupur and Aakash is her husband; she gets emotionally attached to him. Now the question is: should Aakash tell Aastha the truth, or should he continue the deception for the sake of humanity?

</doc>
<doc id="19880320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19880320" title="William's Crowded Hours">
William's Crowded Hours

""'William's Crowded Hours is the thirteenth book in the Just William series by Richmal Crompton. It was first published in 1931. 

</doc>
<doc id="19880333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19880333" title="American Society for Nutrition">
American Society for Nutrition

The American Society for Nutrition (ASN) is the principal United States society for professional researchers and practitioners in the field of nutrition, publishing three of the leading journals in the field. The Society is one of the constituent societies comprising the Federation of American Societies for Experimental Biology.
ASN’s newest journal, Advances in Nutrition, received a very competitive first-time impact factor for 2012: 3.245. This ranks 20th in the Nutrition & Dietetics category and places it in the top 16% of the
8,411 journals indexed by Thomson Reuters. ASN has published the first specific journal in the subject, "The Journal of Nutrition", since 1928. The Journal of Nutrition’s impact factor increased to 4.196 in 2012, placing it in the top 10% of all journals indexed and fourth among primary research journals in the Nutrition & Dietetics category. "The American Journal of Clinical Nutrition" was first published in 1952. The American Journal of Clinical Nutrition continued to rank highly for its 2012 impact factor, placing first among primary research journals in the Nutrition & Dietetics category with an impact factor of 6.504.
ASN was founded in 1928 as the American Institute for Nutrition. Today, the Society encompasses both research and clinical focuses and is building upon its rich 80-year history. In 2005, the American Society for Clinical Nutrition, the American Society for Nutritional Sciences (formerly the American Institute for Nutrition) and the Society for International Nutrition merged to form ASN.

</doc>
<doc id="19880346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19880346" title="Pickled ginger">
Pickled ginger

Pickled ginger may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19880349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19880349" title="HMS Bacchante (1876)">
HMS Bacchante (1876)

HMS "Bacchante" was a "Bacchante"-class ironclad screw-propelled corvette of the Royal Navy. She is particularly famous for being the ship on which the Princes George and Albert served as midshipmen.
"Bacchante" was built at Portsmouth Dockyard and launched on 19 October 1876, the second ship of the three ship "Bacchante" class. She was armed with fourteen muzzle-loading rifle guns and two 64-pounder torpedo carriages, and rated at 4070 tons.
Royal crew.
The two oldest sons of the Prince of Wales had entered the navy in 1877, and by 1879 it had been decided by the Royal Family and the Government that the two should undertake a cruise. They were assigned to "Bacchante", which was then part of a squadron intended to patrol the sea lanes of the British Empire. Queen Victoria was concerned that the "Bacchante" might sink, drowning her grandchildren. Confident in their ship, the Admiralty sent "Bacchante" through a gale to prove she was sturdy enough to weather storms. The Princes, with their tutor John Neale Dalton, duly came aboard on 17 September 1879. The "Bacchante" was to be their home for the next three years.
They made a number of cruises to different parts of the Empire with the squadron. Serving aboard the squadron's flagship, at this time was their relation, Prince Louis of Battenberg. The squadron initially consisted of HMS "Inconstant", "Bacchante", and , the composition altering during the voyages as ships left, or were joined by new ones. The "Bacchante" visited the Mediterranean and the West Indies, followed by later voyages to South America, South Africa, Australia, China and Japan. The Princes made regular diary entries, which were later published as two volumes in 1886 as "The Cruise of Her Majesty's Ship Bacchante". "Bacchante" briefly assisted in the First Boer War, before the squadron sailed again for Australia. Shortly after reaching the coast on 12 May, a heavy storm blew up and when it had abated, the "Bacchante" was missing. After three days searching, news reached the squadron that "Bacchante" had had her rudder disabled, but had been able to reach safety at Albany.
Later career.
"Bacchante" eventually returned to England in August 1882 and discharged her young Royal midshipmen. By then she had covered 40,000 miles, mostly under sail, and had rounded the Cape of Good Hope twice. She became the only British vessel in which two grandsons of the reigning monarch served at the same time. "Bacchante" was then paid off and underwent a long refit, which saw her being partially rearmed. She was then dispatched to the East Indies to relieve her sister, , as flagship on the station. "Bacchante" served during the Third Anglo-Burmese War in 1885, transferring three-quarters of her complement to serve on gunboats on the Irrawaddy River or in the suppression of banditry. She returned to Britain in 1888 and was placed in reserve. She was sold to the shipbreakers Cohen in 1897, and scrapped.

</doc>
<doc id="19880406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19880406" title="Mairead Curran">
Mairead Curran

Mairead Curran is an Australian born children's entertainer, actress and voice-over artist based in Melbourne. Having trained at TAFTA and the Geelong Performing Arts Academy she started her career at the Oxford Children’s Theatre and the Australian Puppet Theatre performing children’s theatre and puppetry.
For ten years she worked with business partner Collin Ingram and through their company Cartoon Creations they produced dozens of live children’s shows touring them throughout Australia and in the UK, performing shows to many thousands of children. Her contributions in this area make her an important part of the history of live children's entertainment in Australia.
During this period she also produced and starred in "The Digger and Danni Radio show" on Southern FM, a daily children’s radio show and produced children’s pages in several newspapers including the Moonee Ponds and Ascot Vale Community Newspapers.
On stage, Mairead has had roles in numerous plays for theatres such as La Mama Theatre (Melbourne) and in the Melbourne Fringe Festival including "Women, Men, Nazis and Trucks" and "Love and Madness in the LMP Unit" to strong reviews. She was also a founding member of Actors Inc, a group of working actors, convened to promote their work and practice their craft. In addition to various indie short films, Mairead has also had roles in Neighbours, Stingers, MDA, Blue Heelers and City Homicide.
In more recent years Mairead has focused on voice-overs, where she has carved out a successful career working with companies such as the Australian Radio Network, Austereo and Jingle House as well as many corporate clients. She is the voice of numerous characters in games including the lead and four other female characters in Fashion Boutique and the female lead in The Clockwork Man by Total Eclipse She has also voiced many commercials both radio and TV for international brands including Mazda, Ferrero, Hyundai, Dominos Pizza, Sasse & Bide, Siemens, Target (Australia), Freedom Furniture and Toyota.
She is represented by EM Voices, Australia's leading voice talent agency.

</doc>
<doc id="19880427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19880427" title="Brštica">
Brštica

Brštica () is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Krupanj municipality, in the Mačva District of Central Serbia. The village had a Serb ethnic majority and a population of 1,254 in 2002. 

</doc>
<doc id="19880466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19880466" title="1926–27 Montreal Canadiens season">
1926–27 Montreal Canadiens season

The 1926–27 Montreal Canadiens season was the team's 18th season, and tenth in the National Hockey League (NHL). The team rebounded from its last place finish to place second in the Canadian Division and qualify for the playoffs. The Canadiens defeated the rival Maroons in a two-game series before losing to the eventual Stanley Cup winner Ottawa Senators in the semi-finals.
Regular season.
The Canadiens, last place finishers in 1925–26, signed three players from the Western Hockey League. The team solved its goal-tending woes by signing George Hainsworth from Saskatoon, whom Georges Vezina had designated to be his successor. They further strengthened their team by signing Herb Gardiner from Calgary for defence and adding Art Gagne from Edmonton to the forwards. 
The Canadiens moved into the Montreal Forum permanently this season. The club's first game was on November 18, 1926 against Ottawa, lost 2–1. The Canadiens won eleven games in a row from February 24 until March 24. The surge enabled the Canadiens to finish second in the Canadian Division to Ottawa.
Playoffs.
In a "Battle of Montreal" quarter-final, the Canadiens defeated the Maroons in a close two-game total-goals series 2–1. The Canadiens next took on the first place Ottawa Senators in the semi-finals. The eventual Stanley Cup champions defeated the Canadiens 5–1 in a two-game total-goals series.
Montreal Canadiens vs. Montreal Maroons
"Montreal Canadiens win total-goals series 2–1"
Ottawa Senators vs. Montreal Canadiens
"Ottawa wins total-goals series 5–1"
Roster.
Source: 

</doc>
<doc id="19880473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19880473" title="Mário Neves">
Mário Neves

Mário Neves (1912–1993) was a Portuguese journalist, born in Lisbon. 
He worked for 42 years as a journalist for Portuguese newspapers such as "O Século" and "Diário de Lisboa", and was the associate director of "A Capital" between 1972 and 1974. Neves also served as the director of the Portuguese Institute of Oncology. After the Carnation Revolution he was the Portuguese ambassador in Moscow and the chief of the Portuguese embassies in Mongolia and North Korea. 
In 1979 he was appointed Portuguese secretary of state for migration.
In 1936 he covered the Spanish Civil War for the "Diário de Lisboa". Together with Daniel Berthet and Marcel Dany, he entered Badajoz after the fall of the city in the early morning of 15 August. They were the first foreign correspondents in Badajoz after the battle and they witnessed the mass executions inside the city. Neves's chronicle was the first about the massacre of Badajoz.
Neves died in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="19880476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19880476" title="Chas Chandler (comics)">
Chas Chandler (comics)

Frank William "Chas" Chandler is a fictional character in the "Hellblazer" series published by DC Comics' Vertigo imprint. Chas is John Constantine's closest and longest surviving friend, who acts as his sidekick and cab driver. He first appeared in "Hellblazer #1".
Fictional character biography.
Born Francis William Chandler, but nicknamed "Chas" after the famous Jimi Hendrix producer. The roots of their friendship can be traced back to the late sixties, when a sixteen-year-old John Constantine arrived on the streets of London for the second time in his young life, with nothing to his name but an overly sarcastic sense of humour and a half-empty pack of Silk Cut cigarettes. Eager to get a cheap roof over his head, John leapt at the chance to move in with his new-found mate, even if he did live with his mother. John's housewarming consisted of a tense meeting with Chas' obese mother Queenie and her vile monkey familiar Slag.
Unable to put up with his miserable existence at the hands of his mother and her simian familiar, Chas broke down and told John all about his pitiful life – revealing how Slag appeared on the scene shortly after his brother was hanged and his mother killed his father. A dabbler in petty magics, Queenie made her wage by holding the occasional séance and the like. Chas' real problems came from Slag, the chimpanzee delighted in ruining his life, using her obnoxious body odor to great effect in alienating him from his mates as well as putting paid to what was already a pretty pathetic love life.
Constantine decided to get involved. He seduced Slag, conning the monkey into thinking that he loved her so he could lure her down to the docks, where he drowned her. Aware of the symbiotic link that existed between witch and familiar, John knew that by killing Slag he'd be killing Queenie too. It was this one act which has behooved Chas to Constantine for over thirty long years – though truth to tell it's their deeply held sense of respect and friendship that has seen them willingly face all kinds of stark raving lunacy to help other out. He later joins John and his band Mucous Membrane as a roadie.
With this unusual debt serving as a backdrop, Chas has become John's oldest and closest friend. The pair seemingly take turns at pulling each other's arse out of the fire, with Chas providing the muscle and Consantine the brains. Chas has gone on to become a taxi-driver by trade and often finds himself being co-erced into being John's "wheels" for whatever escapade he currently finds himself involved in. Constantine's determination to keep his friend protected from the weirder aspects of his life has often led to a frustrated Chas berating the magus for keeping him in the dark whilst at the same time demanding his help.
Due to their close friendship Constantine prefers to keep Chas away from the more dangerous aspects of his work, but it's the same friendship which allows Constantine and Chas to pull each other out of bad situations. He is married to Renee Chandler and father to Geraldine Chandler, with a granddaughter, Tricia Chandler.
Chas The Knowledge.
Chas stars in the spin-off entitled "".
After a demon is released from The London Stone after centuries of confinement, Chas Chandler finds himself standing between it and oblivion for the entire city. With John stuck in Ibiza, Chas must round up his most trusted colleagues and put the demon back in the bottle before all is lost. But Chas is a master of "The Knowledge," the elaborate system of routes and landmarks which every London cabbie must memorize. Until now, The Knowledge has been just a tool for Chas. But now, he's about to discover a more sinister significance of The Knowledge. An ominous entity from London's grim history has reemerged, and only someone with The Knowledge can stop it. The demon, named Tuma'el, stands poised to take control of London's very soul. Chas has managed to array a small group of friends and allies, which does not include John, to fight back against the demonic force.
The Sandman.
Chas appears in the comic book series "The Sandman". He drives John and Dream to Rachel's father's house so that Dream can retrieve his pouch. In "" written by Si Spencer, with script consultations by Neil Gaiman (who also featured John and Chas in Sandman), there comes the alternate universe where John and Chas are fifteen-year-old lesbians.
The Search for the Swamp Thing.
The conclusion of the series "Brightest Day" revealed that Swamp Thing had become corrupted by the personality of the villain Nekron in the wake of the "Blackest Night" crossover. This also marks Chas' first appearance in the DC outside of Vertigo. After John finds out that Swamp Thing has gotten delirious, he and Chas attempt to stop the attacks in London.

</doc>
<doc id="19880488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19880488" title="E. O. Hoppé">
E. O. Hoppé

Emil Otto Hoppé (14 April 1878 – 9 December 1972) was a German-born British portrait, travel, and topographic photographer active between 1907 and 1945. Born into a wealthy family in Munich, he moved to London in 1900 originally to train as a financier, but took up photography and rapidly achieved great success.
He was "the only son of a prominent banker, and was educated in the finest schools of Munich, Paris and Vienna. On leaving school he served apprenticeships in German banks for ten years, before accepting a position with the Shanghai Banking Corporation. He never arrived in China. The first leg of his journey took him to England where he met an old school friend. Hoppé married his school friend's sister, Marion Bliersbach and stayed in London. While working for the Deutsche Bank, he was becoming increasingly enamoured with photography, and, in 1907, jettisoned his commercial career and opened a portrait studio. Within a few years E.O. Hoppé was the undisputed leader of pictorial portraiture in Europe. To say that someone has a "household name" has become a cliché, yet in Hoppé's case the phrase is apt. Rarely in the history of the medium has a photographer been so famous in his own lifetime among the general public. He was as famous as his sitters. It is difficult to think of a prominent name in the fields of politics, art, literature, and the theatre who did not pose for his camera."
Although Hoppé was one of the most important photographic artists of his era and highly celebrated in his time, in 1954, at the age of 76, he sold his body of photographic work to a commercial London picture archive, the Mansell Collection. In the collection it was filed by subject in with millions of other "stock" pictures and no longer accessible by author. Most all of Hoppé's photographic work—that which gained him the reputation as Britain's most influential international photographer between 1907 and 1939—was accidentally obscured from photo-historians and from photo-history itself. It remained there for over thirty years after Hoppé's death, and was not fully accessible to the public until the collection closed down and was acquired by new owners in America.
In 1994 photographic art curator Graham Howe retrieved Hoppé's photographic work from the picture library and rejoined it with the Hoppé family archive of photographs and biographical documents, reconstituting for the first time since 1954 the complete E.O. Hoppé Collection. After many years of cataloguing, conservation, and research, the rediscovery of E.O. Hoppé's extraordinary output can now be seen for the first time in over sixty years.
Work.
Portraits and Typologies.
In his life, Hoppé's reputation drew to him many important British and North American personalities in politics, literature, and the arts. In the era before the first World War, Hoppé photographed many leading literary subjects and figures from the art world such as Henry James, Rudyard Kipling, John Masefield, Léon Bakst, Anna Pavlova, Tamara Karsavina and other dancers of the Ballets Russes, Violet Hunt, Richard Strauss, Jacob Epstein and William Nicholson, some of whom were included in his 1913 exhibition. In the early 1920s he was invited to photograph, Queen Mary, King George, and members of the Royal family. Other subjects of the 1920s included Albert Einstein, Benito Mussolini, Robert Frost, Aldous Huxley, George Bernard Shaw and A.A. Milne. In the 1930s Hoppé photographed a number of dancers at the Vic-Wells company including Margot Fonteyn, Ninette de Valois, Hermione Darnborough and Beatrice Appleyard.
Working from a studio first in London's Baron's Court at 10 Margravine Gardens (1907–10), he moved in 1911 to a Baker Street studio. In 1913 he took on a lease of 7 Cromwell Place, occupying all thirty-three rooms of the previous home of Sir John Everett Millais, which later (from 1937) was used by dance photographer Gordon Anthony and subsequently Francis Bacon. Hoppé also made portraits of the street types of London: English cleaners, maids, and street vendors were photographed both in his studio and on the street. He continued this practice of capturing ordinary working men and women throughout his career as he travelled throughout the world.
Travel and Landscape.
By 1919 Hoppé had begun to travel the world in search of new subjects and landscapes. His journeys brought him to Africa, Germany, Poland, Romania, Czechoslovakia, the United States, Cuba, Jamaica and the West Indies, Australia, New Zealand, Japan, Indonesia, Singapore, Malaya, India and Ceylon, and the resulting photographs were published in a number of books.

</doc>
<doc id="19880504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19880504" title="North Sea Radio Orchestra">
North Sea Radio Orchestra

North Sea Radio Orchestra (generally abbreviated to NSRO) is an English contemporary music ensemble and cross-disciplinary chamber orchestra (plus chorus).
The NSRO was set up mainly as a vehicle for the compositions of its musical director, Craig Fortnam, but has also performed works by William D. Drake and James Larcombe. The ensemble is notable for its post-modern fusion of Romantic music and later twentieth century forms, and for its bridging of the worlds of contemporary classical music, British folk music, London art-rock and poetry (setting music to poems by W.B. Yeats, Thomas Hardy, Alfred, Lord Tennyson and Daniel Dundas Maitland).
Sound and presentation.
The North Sea Radio Orchestra is an ensemble of varying size, drawing on a pool of up to twenty members. It performs compositions which range from single-instrument solos and voice-and-guitar duos up to full chamber-orchestra-and-choir pieces (and all points in between, including assorted trios, quartets, quintets etc.). The instrumentation within the ensemble features woodwind, strings, orchestral and electronic percussion, nylon-string guitar, chamber organ, piano and the human voice. Between six and ten members sing as "the North Sea Chorus".
Compositionally, the NSRO favours original material with elements of the following – tonal/melodic classical composition, English choral and festival music, modern and ancient folk music, and minimalism. Some improvisation is also encouraged. The NSRO themselves cite influences including Benjamin Britten, television composer Vernon Elliott, The Incredible String Band, Vaughan Williams, and more metaphysical influences such as “London clay, water from the Thames and shingle from Bankside”. Various critics have also made comparisons to the music of rock/classical/crossover musicians such as Simon Jeffes’ Penguin Café Orchestra, Sean O’Hagan’s High Llamas, Frank Zappa, Clogs, Sufjan Stevens, Max Richter, Nick Drake, Virginia Astley, Kate St John and Peter Warlock. Since 2010, the band has displayed a stronger influence of Krautrock.
Another frequently-cited compositional influence on the NSRO is Tim Smith, leader of the British psychedelic rock group Cardiacs (which incorporates influences including Early and baroque music). The NSRO is generally regarded as being part of the collection of varied musical groups connected with Cardiacs: it includes in its lineup one former and one current member of Cardiacs, plus at least five other musicians associated with the band.
For much of its existence, the NSRO was nostalgic in presentation and themes. Between 2002 and 2010, the poetry chosen for musical settings tended to be classic 18th /19th/ early 20th century pre-modernist material, chosen for "its natural song-like meter and rhyme". Craig Fortnam has also set modern texts written in the same nostalgic vein. The ensemble's subtler post-modern elements are generally restricted to the musical content. Since 2010, the band's work has focussed on setting Craig Fortnam's original lyrics.
History.
Prehistory.
While growing up in Kingston upon Thames and playing in psychedelic rock bands as a teenager, Craig Fortnam gravitated towards the cluster of bands surrounding the long-standing British psychedelic band Cardiacs. He went on to study composition and guitar at Dartington College of Arts. Graduating in 1990, he returned to London. During this period period he composed material written for a variety of classical genres and ensembles, but also became involved with the London underground rock scene as a guitarist. One of the bands which he played in was the psychedelic acoustic band Lake of Puppies, led by Fortnam's friend (and former Cardiacs keyboard player) William D. Drake. The band gigged infrequently and recorded a few tracks, but never released an album. However, the band also featured singer and bass guitarist Sharron Saddington, whom Fortnam fell in love with. The two would also become longtime musical partners, and following their marriage, she would become known as Sharron Fortnam).
In 1995, Craig and Sharron teamed up with two other former Cardiacs (saxophonist/keyboard player Sarah Smith and drummer Dominic Luckman) to form Shrubby Veronica, soon to be renamed The Shrubbies. This band gigged enthusiastically in London for several years and released one EP (1997’s "The Shrubbies") followed by the "Memphis In Texas" album in 1999. 
However, Fortnam began to become disillusioned with the poor etiquette and atmosphere he encountered at rock concerts, later recalling "I began to realise that most people were there for a social thing, and people were talking all the way through. That just started annoying me and I thought, 'I'll write music that doesn’t have drums, that isn’t loud, and we'll play places where people sit down and then they won't talk." The Shrubbies split up in 2000, and the now-married Fortnams opted to pursue a more ambitious and flexible project which could showcase both Craig’s contemporary classical compositions and Sharron’s unconventional singing voice (which blended elements of classical mezzo-soprano with folk and pop stylings). Recruiting several other musicians, they set up the North Sea Radio Orchestra.
2002 to 2003 - the City Church concerts.
The North Sea Radio Orchestra first appeared in public via a series of successful concerts in various antique churches within the square mile of the City of London - St Martin, Ludgate; St Clement Eastcheap and St Olave Hart Street. Taking place during 2002 and 2003, these concerts were publicised mainly by word-of-mouth. They were very much self-motivated occasions with a slightly antique/Edwardian feel (complete with home-made art-deco-styled concert programmes designed by Sharron Fortnam).
Members of NSRO for the first concert included the Fortnams, percussionist Hugh Wilkinson, cellist/composer Harry Escott and organist/composer James Larcombe (of Stars In Battledress), all of whom would continue in the ensemble long-term. Other performers included Nick Hayes (clarinet). Inspired by the success of the first few concerts, the NSRO began to expand (ultimately becoming a twenty-person ensemble). While the instrumentalists were mostly drawn from the classical world, the vocal chorus contained former Shrubbies concert-mates and collaborators from the Fortnams’ time on the London art-rock circuit. These included current and former members of Stars In Battledress, The Monsoon Bassoon and Sidi Bou Said. Stars In Battledress frontman Richard Larcombe (brother of James) also shared some lead vocal parts with Sharron Fortnam. Later on, the Fortnam's former Lake Of Puppies bandmate William D. Drake joined the ensemble as chorus singer and occasional solo pianist.
A few demo CDs were also made available at this time. These included early recordings of Craig Fortnam’s settings of Tennyson’s "The Flower" and "Every Day Hath Its Night" and the Zappa-esque "Nest Of Tables". Early (and very positive) reviews of both the EP and the concerts appeared in underground publications including "Organ" and "Evophonic".
2004 to 2006 - the NSRO gains wider attention.
In October 2004 the NSRO played a concert at Bush Hall in West London which was reviewed by John L. Walters in The Guardian. Walters drew attention to the initial difficulties in classifying the ensemble’s music but drew positive conclusions: “Is it ironic? Romantic retro? Or post-minimalist post-modernity? Behold the eleven-piece chamber orchestra beneath the chandeliers of Bush Hall, and you realise that Craig Fortnam, their leader and chief composer, is utterly serious in his quest for accessible, intelligent, non-trivial music…. What makes the NSRO special is Fortnam's gift for orchestration, the deft and original way he puts deceptively simple materials in the hands of sophisticated performers. Melody pours from his pen on every page.” 
In 2005, the NSRO released their first formal EP "The Flower" (on seven-inch vinyl) on the tiny London independent label Oof! Records. It contained a re-recorded version of “The Flower”, plus two more Tennyson settings (“The Lintwhite” and “Move Eastward Happy Earth”) and three instrumental pieces (“Music For Two Clarinets And Piano”, “Organ Miniature No. 1” and “Nest Of Tables”). On October 22, 2005, the NSRO played their first concert at St Martin in the Fields, Trafalgar Square, London.
On July 31, 2006 the North Sea Radio Orchestra performed at the Spitz, East London at a Music Orbit evening (a spin-off of the iF Festival) alongside NEM and Makeshift. The evening was presented as "a combination of gamelan, improvisation, electronica and lyrical chamber music." In September 2006, an NSRO track appeared on the nu-folk compilation album "Folk Off: New Folk and Psychedelia from the British Isles and North America" - this was the Craig Fortnam solo performance of “Guitar Miniature”.
The NSRO performed at the Spitz again on October 28, 2006 (supported by William D. Drake). This concert received a five-star review in the Daily Telegraph which nominated the "superbly disciplined chamber ensemble" as "the kind of deserving enterprise the BBC should really be throwing money at," and singled out praise for Sharon Fortnam’s voice as possessing "dazzling, pre-industrial clarity." Reviewing the same concert, underground e-zine Bubblejam commented on the intimate quality of the music and the quality of the concert itself - "not unlike being at a church service or a poetry recital -- the crowd were completely rapt and utterly silent." The reviewer also concluded "for an all too brief time, they evoke an atmosphere of timeless beauty in the otherwise harsh environs of the East End. If I met an extra-terrestrial and wanted to communicate the concept of Englishness quickly and easily, I could do a lot worse than to play them the music of the North Sea Radio Orchestra."
2006 - Release of debut album.
In October 2006 the NSRO released their debut album – "North Sea Radio Orchestra" – on Oof! Records. The album was recorded, engineered and mastered by former Cardiacs member Mark Cawthra and contained much of the ensemble’s live set from the past three years. Tracks included Fortnam’s settings of Thomas Hardy’s “Shelley’s Skylark”, Yeats’ “He Gives His Beloved Certain Rhymes” and “He Wishes For The Cloths Of Heaven”, plus new instrumental "Kingstanding" and the part-instrumental/part-choral "Chimes". Other members also contributed material. William D Drake provided “Bill’s March” and “Mimnermus in Church” – the latter a Drake setting of a poem by William Johnson Cory with orchestrations by Craig Fortnam - and Sharron and Craig Fortnam co-wrote the folk song "Joy To My Heart".
The album received plenty of critical praise. Word Magazine called it "a beautiful debut... unreservedly recommended," while Leeds Guide praised "a style of songwriting and a lyricism (nostalgic, pastoral, quaint) which is peculiarly English and suddenly, in their hands, timeless" and their reviewer dubbed the recording "one of the best albums, whatever the genre, that I have heard this year." Playlouder.com claimed that "North Sea Radio Orchestra splash colour into every corner of the speakers with a regal splendour and effervescent celebration of God, Nature or whatever it is you may wish to call it."
In the underground press, Art Rocker praised the NSRO for "doing something really quite special...in their ability to ebb and sway and permeate through styles without erring away from the constant series of lush orchestrations", and hailed the record as "the most beautiful album of the year… could surely sway even the most ardent distortion-pedal freak to step back and open their minds and hearts to this." Foggy Notions called it "an everchanging trip, blooming with melody and twinkling beauty from start to finish," while Subba Cultcha commented that the ensemble’s music was "stepping easily between genres, sometimes classical, sometimes indie; inspired and compelling and often magical, like the soundtrack to a film that hasn’t been made yet. It’s a thoughtful, melodic and calming record that is sure to attract fans way beyond its classical base." A review in Boomkat (while drawing attention to the NSRO’s "idiosyncratic bombast", "cartoonishly baroque melodies" and "unbridled eccentricity") praised the orchestra's "considerable performance skills and elegant arrangements", and concluded that the album was "a fairly surreal experience all round."
2007-2008 - further afield.
On January 26, 2007 the North Sea Radio Orchestra returned to Bush Hall for another concert (supported again by William D. Drake). On March 3, they played their first concert outside London, at St Michael’s Church, Blewsbury, Berkshire. This was followed by another appearance at St Giles in the Fields in London on April 27. On July 2 the NSRO released the 7-inch vinyl-only EP "End Of Chimes". This featured an edit of the album centrepiece “Chimes” plus three entirely new tracks (“Guitar Miniature No2”, “Hurdy Gurdy Miniature”, ”The Tide Rises the Tide Falls”) and was hailed as “a highly entertaining discovery” by Drowned In Sound and as “gentle, lush and frankly beguiling” by SoundsXP.
Later in the year, the NSRO performed two of their highest profile concerts to date – the first being a slot at the Green Man Festival in August, and the second being a performance at the Roundhouse, Chalk Farm, London, on November 19. In December 2007, the NSRO version of the hymn “O Come O Come Emanuel” appeared on the compilation album "The Arctic Circle Presents: That Fuzzy Feeling" ( a collection of Christmas songs). The NSRO played live to promote the album at a concert at the Union Chapel, London on December 5, 2007 (alongside Ellis Island Sound, Mara Carlyle, David Julyan and The Dollboy Windpipe Arkestra).
2008 saw the North Sea Radio Orchestra performing more concerts outside London. During the first half of the year they made an appearance at the Jacqueline Du Pre Music Rooms in Oxford in January 2008, and performed at the Friends Meeting House, Brighton on March 16, 2008 supported by Crayola Lectern.
The Brighton concert was notably in that (despite a very positive audience response) it generated the first negative press for the ensemble. "The Stool Pigeon" criticized the nostalgic quality of the NSRO’s music commenting that “it’s frequently a fine and lovely thing. But in some ways it can’t help feeling like a retreat… Certainly there are moments of beauty, but ultimately it’s like stepping back into an alternate, pre-war England where rock’n’roll - not to mention mass industrialisation and immigration - never happened. Which is fine for a night, but I wouldn’t want to stay.” 
Notorious underground music commentator Everett True was considerably more scornful in his Hugs And Kisses blog (reprinted in The Village Voice), castigating the band for “po-faced snobbery” and “baroque warbling” and comparing them unfavourably to their more post-rock inclined support act: “Crayola Lectern tick the same high musicality boxes as the band that followed, sure: but possess one crucial factor that the North Sea Radio Malarkey just don’t, just don’t get. They have "heart".” Conversely, Chris Anderson of Crayola Lectern - in his own blogged review of the same concert - described the NSRO as "perfectly formed and rather marvellous... a magnificent creation."
The NSRO played in Malvern in July 2008 (although with only a two-person lineup) and returned in full strength to the Green Man Festival in August. On September 27, 2008 the NSRO performed an “open rehearsal” at the Purcell Room, Southbank Centre, London in a double bill with Ted Barnes. This was part of the Open Weekend event (itself part of the 2008 Cultural Oympiad).
2008: Release of second album "Birds".
A second North Sea Radio Orchestra album – "Birds" - was released on December 1, 2008 on Oof! Records (with the band performing a concert at St Martin in the Fields on November 18, 2008, in order to promote it). The album contained a version of previous EP lead track "The Flower" and another long-standing NSRO Tennyson setting, "Move Eastward Happy Earth", plus further settings of poems by Geoffrey Chaucer ("Now Welcom Somer") and William Blake ("The Angel", "A Poison Tree" and "Golden Cage").
Reviews of the album were generally positive. Isle Of Man Today described "Birds" as "effortlessly beautiful to listen to… NSRO manage to take you back centuries to an ancient form of music while retaining an eerie ability to remain thoroughly modern… "Birds" has a distinctly non-conformist sound but nevertheless achieves its aim with quiet, reserved gusto. NSRO aren't about to go on a media rampage shouting about how good they are; the whole project is far too middle-class for that. But by putting out "Birds" they are giving their audience a knowing wink. They realise they've created a fine piece of work and you can feel the confidence growing from track to track."
Cambridgeshire Times called the album “an intriguing proposition "(which)" feels at times like it's just been unearthed from an archaeological dig alongside some ancient flagstones. Organ, violins, clarinet, bassoon and oboe feature heavily alongside acoustic guitar, drum, percussion and choral parts, conjuring up images of royal court musicians… "(The album)" straddles the less crowded end of 60s folk and revives traditional chamber music, managing to sound timeless and refreshing rather than hopelessly outdated. A calming record of quality musicianship and carefully woven melodies.” The review also praised Sharron Fortnam as being “a beguiling embodiment of a cut-glass English Rose singer, delicate, classical, strong and capable.”
Reviewing "Birds" in issue 181, Mojo described the album as sounding like "Tortoise reworked by Howard Goodall" and suggested "there's charm and melody aplenty, but the churchier excursions suggest bourgeois smugness - Blake would not approve." In the underground music press, the Name Someone That’s Not A Parasite music blog hailed the NSRO as "(the) band British Sea Power wish they could be! These guys are like a latter day Incredible String Band mess of uniquely Anglican eccentricity." Describing the NSRO’s music as "kitchen-sink folk" Subba Cultcha commented that "Birds" was "something quite magical, but at times cringingly twee and fluffy, but in terms of artistic endeavour, it’s a tour-de-force in no uncertain terms. Part classical, part folk, part something entirely new, if you fancy dipping your toe in something a bit different, then this is a great rock pool to do it in."
Organ lavishly praised the album, saying that “North Sea Radio Orchestra are blossoming in a rather fine way now with their inviting mix of delicate English prog and 20th century classical pastoral folk. Harmonically rich and fluid in a Henry Cow, Art Bears, Incredible String Band kind of way... A fine mix of delicate English folk and something that has evolved out of fine traditions of chamber music… "Birds" is an album pulling gently in two distinct ways. One direction; nice, simple, sitting in a sunny field, female-voiced acoustic folk, the other towards a rarer thing, this fusion of English medieval progressive classical, chamber orchestral music, via Vaughan Williams, Cardiacs, Vernon Elliott, Henry Cow. In the end, it all works as a melodic spirited integral classical whole. Always more than just decorating modern music with classical instrumentation, at its core a real orchestra, this is something that’s both timeless and enchantingly beautiful – a very fine, very enjoyable rather magical album.”
2009-2010 - selective gigging, Arch Garrison, Vernon Elliott and "Leader of the Starry Skies".
Following the release of "Birds", NSRO appearances and activity became rarer, partly due to Craig Fortnam's concentration on a smaller-scale project called Arch Garrison, the live lineup of which also featured Sharron Fortnam and James Larcombe. (The project's debut album was released on Double Six/Domino Records in February 2010.)
Despite this, North Sea Radio Orchestra performed several concerts in 2009. On May 29, they performed a free concert in Brixton Library, London, as part of Lambeth Readers and Writers Festival. On July 11, they performed at the 'Les Tombees de la Nuit' Festival in the Opera House in Rennes, Brittany. On October 22, they played at the Union Chapel, London, as part of the Marginalise Concert Series organised by the Arctic Circle label, performing the music of one of their leading influences, Vernon Elliot (arranged by Craig Fortnam and fellow composer Laura Rossi). The playlist featured music from the animated television series "The Clangers", "Ivor the Engine" and "Pogles Wood".
In December 2010, an NSRO cover version of the Cardiacs song "March" appeared on "", a fundraising compilation album to benefit the hospitalised Cardiacs leader Tim Smith.
2011-present: third album "I a Moon".
The third North Sea Radio Orchestra album, "I a Moon", was released on July 4, 2011. Craig Fortnam composed the music for the album during the winter of 2010/2011, and the album was recorded at various locations in southern England on his laptop computer.
Prior to release, the band announced a number of changes in approach. Firstly, the album would have a "darker, less pastoral sound" with new influences including Krautrock and experimental indie band Deerhoof (and with more emphasis on synthesizer and percussion than previously). Secondly, that there would be a move away from setting poetry in favour of setting self-written lyrics. The band also announced that 'I a Moon' would be released on their own new label, called The Household Mark, on July 4, 2011.
The band also announced a series of live dates for summer 2011, including a repeat performance of the Vernon Elliot music at Kings Place, London, on June 10, further visits to the Quaker Meeting House in Brighton (July 10) and St Martin-in-the-Fields (July 15) and appearances accompanying indie-folk band Stornoway at the Eastleigh Festival (July 8) and at London's Somerset House (July 9).>
Some 'I a Moon' press reaction:
THE WIRE - North Sea Radio Orchestra I A Moon The Household Mark CD 
Some have suggested that North Sea Radio Orchestra look at the world through sepia-tinted glasses; that their chamber combinations of woodwind, keyboards, strings and Sharron Fortnam’s pure-toned voice reek of old English parlours; that they are excessively nostalgic.The fundamentally forward-looking music of I A Moon refutes that facile argument. Fortnam might sing, “We are sitting in a row/Looking over England/Watch the evening go,” on “The Earth Beneath Our Feet”, but play the song next to something by Vaughan Williams or Benjamin Britten, and you can immediately hear where they part from their admitted influences.>
The album’s real surprise is “Berliner Luft”. With its acoustic guitar strum and drum machine, it sounds like something off Harmonia’s Musik Von Harmonia, until it gains more substance through a series of agitated, almost Zappa-esque wind and tuned percussion themes. North Sea Radio Orchestra might share with Britten and Vaughan Williams a kind of haunted melancholy that has come to be seen as characteristically English, but their music couldn’t have come from any other century than the 21st.>
BBC Online Review
A very beautiful third album from the orchestral ensemble.>
A small orchestral ensemble led by a married couple. As likely to play churches and public libraries as concert halls. Often lumped in with the overcrowded and increasingly irritating ‘nu folk’ scene. Compared to Vaughan Williams and Benjamin Britten, probably because they’re the only English classical composers we pop critics have heard of. Have made two previous albums which used poetry by the likes of Chaucer, Hardy and Tennyson instead of pop lyrics. Occasionally sound like the music Oliver Postgate used to backdrop Watch With Mother. They feature a bassoon. North Sea Radio Orchestra really should be smug, boring and irrelevant. So how do they make this stuff so exciting?>
The third NSRO album sees Craig and Sharron Fortnam changing tack in subtle but significant ways. The old poets have been sidelined in favour of self-penned lyrics that neatly reflect their very English sense of melody and the female Fortnam’s light, sad, pretty, folkie-meets-chorister voice. The title-track, with its spooked electronic music box feel, provides the lines that define the mood: "I a moon orbiting myself / Sometimes gravity pull me close." The words throughout the album feel like the thoughts of someone so outside of the real world that they can hover above themselves, watching their own futile attempts to connect, like a child watching ants and pondering whether to drown them. This alienated, superior feel is contrasted by the sheer beauty of Craig Fortnam’s melodies, which have that knack of suddenly shifting to the one chord available that can make spines tingle and toes curl with pleasure.
Meanwhile, the arrangements wear their classical and ancient folk influences so lightly that a track like Berliner Luft can find itself sounding like Neu! without need of drums nor electric guitars. The overall effect makes I a Moon feel like the world’s first baroque-Krautrock-folk-rock Kate Bush-electro-pop album. But more than all that, it is genuinely very beautiful.
Underground Heroes of Happiness
What a fantastic album this is, from Craig Fortnam and friends, with a strong core of English folk music and traces of (post) classical, medieval, electronica and even Krautrock in the supporting cast. Opener Morpheus miracle maker has great swooping strings and a vocal reminiscient of Kate Bush (Hounds of love era) from Sharron Fortnam (there’s even room for a Micheál Ó Súilleabháin style piano and glockenspiel trill). The title track is short, sweet, strange, driven by glockenspiel, laptop and harmonium and reminds me a bit of Montreal math poppers Oen Sujet. Heavy weather starts as a piano waltz sea-shanty but spreads its wings into string and oboe interludes and male-female counterpoint vocals, before a rousing, massed-band, chamber pop finish. Arguably the highpoint of the album, the instrumental Berliner luft carries off a motorik Neu groove on acoustic guitar alongside a bubbling Moog, with a memorable midsection stand-off between opposing string and reed choruses. It’s irresistible dance music, in the way that Michael Nyman’s Greenaway soundtracks are. The second half of the album has more of a pastoral feel to it, including the gorgeous medieval-style ballad The earth beneath our feet. The pulsing Moogs and frantic glockenspiels and guitars of Ring moonlets are another highlight. A work of restless genius, full of compelling, surprising and insanely catchy arrangements. This is pop music of the top drawer variety. Very beautiful.

</doc>
<doc id="19880509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19880509" title="Great Rebuilding">
Great Rebuilding

A Great Rebuilding is a period in which a heightened level of building work, architectural change, building or rebuilding occurred.
More specifically, W. G. Hoskins defined the term "The Great Rebuilding" in England as the period from the mid-16th century until 1640. Hoskins' initial theory held that during this period, improved economic conditions in England led to the expansion, rebuilding or architectural improvement of a large number of rural buildings.
The precise time period, extent and impact of "The Great Rebuilding" is contested. Ronald Brunskill accepts that in much of England it spanned the period 1570–1640 but that the period varied both by region and by social class. It was earliest in South East England, later in South West England and Cornwall, about 1670–1720 in Northern England and later still in Wales. In each region it affected higher-income social classes first and then progressed to lower-income classes.

</doc>
<doc id="19880545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19880545" title="William the Outlaw">
William the Outlaw

William - The Outlaw is the seventh book in the Just William series by Richmal Crompton. It was first published in 1927. 

</doc>
<doc id="19880571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19880571" title="USS Wahneta (YT-1)">
USS Wahneta (YT-1)

The first USS "Wahneta" (YT-1) was a United States Navy yard tug in commission from 1892 to 1920.
"Wahneta" (Yard Tug No. 1) was laid down in April 1891 at Boston, Massachusetts, by the City Point Iron Works. She was launched on 3 March 1892 and subsequently was placed in service and assigned to the 5th Naval District. Stationed at the Norfolk Navy Yard in Norfolk, Virginia, she engaged in unglamorous but vital tug, tow, and general harbor duties.
In February 1893, "Wahneta" served as a seagoing observation platform off Port Royal, South Carolina. From her deck, observers watched test firings of the 15-inch (381-millimeter) pneumatic rifles of the unique "dynamite gun cruiser" USS "Vesuvius".
Returning to her routine work soon thereafter, "Wahneta" remained based at Norfolk from 1893 to 1922, through both the Spanish-American War and World War I. On 17 July 1920, as the U.S. Navy established its modern hull classification system, "Wahneta" was designated YT-1.
Subsequently placed out of service at Norfolk on 4 August 1920, the venerable "Wahneta" was sold on 6 December 1922 to the Norfolk Lighterage Company.

</doc>
<doc id="19880579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19880579" title="West of the Pesos">
West of the Pesos

West of the Pesos is a Merrie Melodies cartoon animated short starring Speedy Gonzales and Sylvester. Released on January 23, 1960, the cartoon is directed by Robert McKimson. The voices were performed by Mel Blanc.
Plot.
At the ACME Laboratorio por Experimento, captured mice are imprisoned in cages, worrying about their fates in scientific experiments. As the mice engage in various activities such as card games and playing the harmonica, Sylvester marches outside as the guard cat, discouraging any mouse that would dare escape. In the village, the señorita mice are crying about family members and boyfriends having gone missing (the name of one of the missing mice also happens to be that of one of the animators, Manuel Perez---although not an animator on this short).
The mayor of the village attempts to recruit volunteers to help rescue their villagers, but realize the situation is hopeless because Sylvester is too fast and smart for them. Then, one of the mice suggests calling on Speedy Gonzales to help with the rescue effort. After realizing that he is on vacation in Guadalajara, another mouse comments that Speedy "would come all the way from Guadalajara to visit my seester Carmella." With that, Carmella is recruited to place a long-distance call to Speedy; seconds after the call is placed, Speedy races to the village to begin the rescue effort.
Speedy walks into the patio to great fanfare, much like a bullfighter before his fight, drawing Sylvester's attention. The mouse directly taunts the "gringo pussy gato," and Sylvester—perhaps thinking Speedy is the latest attempted would-be rescuer in an apparent long line of hapless victims—sarcastically obliges. Speedy instantly races past Sylvester and rescues Manuelito; the cat's attempt to snare them in a rope trap fails, as Speedy's quick pace pulls Sylvester through the knothole of the wall he is hiding behind.
Sylvester's other encounters with Speedy include:
In the closing scene, Speedy is hailed as a hero and gets a big kiss from Carmella. Speedy goes wild and blasts into outer space. The other mice laugh, commenting that he is now a "loco satellite."

</doc>
<doc id="19880583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19880583" title="All His Engines">
All His Engines

All His Engines was an original graphic novel written by Mike Carey, with art by Leonardo Manco. It was a tangent to Vertigo's popular "Hellblazer" series, not being published as issues, and not having any issue number. It was first published in January 2005.
Publication history.
"All His Engines" was only published in graphic novel format (ISBN 1-4012-0317-5).
Plot.
With a plague of comas seizing the world, John Constantine and his best friend Chas Chandler travel from the UK to Los Angeles to try to discern its origin. They unwittingly step into a war between gods, most notably Mictlantecuhtli, the Aztec deity of death, who resents Constantine's intrusion into his business. Beroul, a demon who behaves as if he were a Hollywood movie executive, holds hostage the soul of Chas' granddaughter Trish. Constantine can get her back, if he disposes of Beroul's enemies, which he eventually does by enlisting the help of Mictlantecuhtli. Constantine is able to trick his way out of the bargain, however. The story begins on a dark night in Liverpool in August 1961. 
As the clouds in the sky begin to take strange forms, we see that the shapes are transpiring above the home of a young John Constantine. He is awake in his bed and believes the noises coming from outside his window to be from his sister, Cheryl, breaking in after curfew. Suddenly, however, an enormous skeleton-like creature manifests itself on Constantine's bed and demands that he hand over something better than his own immortal soul. The frieghtened Constantine screams at the sight of the monster and it disappears. However, John's father comes into the room and, despite his pleads that a ghost had been in his room, scolds John for waking him up at such an hour. A confused Constantine is left staring out his bedroom window. The focus of the story then shifts to the home of Geraldine Chandler, Chas' daughter in the fall of 2004. Her ex-husband is screaming at her to see his divorced daughter, Tricia, as she apparently should be ready to leave with him. Finally, he storms into the house to force his daughter out with him. However, when he and Geraldine enter her bedroom they are shocked to find Tricia motionless and unresponsive on her bedroom floor. 
Following a trip to the hospital, the entire Chandler family, Chas included, is seated in the waiting room of the hospital, discussing Tricia's condition. As tensions arise between Chas and Geraldine's ex, Constantine arrives to the hospital to offer his hand in helping Tricia. Immediately, however, Chas' wife, Renee rejects his help and demands that he not go anywhere near Tricia. Following this outburst, Chas explains to John that his granddaughter is in critical condition and that the doctors are clueless as to why. Desperate for an answer, Chas called on Constantine for help, fearing the possible cause to be supernatural. John agrees, but warns Chas that things might get very difficult as he goes deeper into this mystery and that he will need a driver. Chas agrees and the two leave the hospital to seek answers. The first place that the two visit is the home of an old friend of Constantine's named Fennel. 
On the way there, Constantine suffers a flashback in which he is arm wrestling a supposed friend of his. After taking the man's concentration away from the armwrestling match they are having, John ends up the winner. The man is furious with him and prepares to stab him when Chas interviens and the pair end up against every other man in the room. Suddenly, all the men in the room save for John and Chas begin to wither away and die. Once again, the same enormous skeleton-like being appears in the house and once more demands something from Constantine. Back in Chas' car, John begins to strain himself as he refuses to believe the events of the flashback actually happened. 
Once inside Fennel's house, John wisecracks his way into getting his friend to help him. Fennel is apparently a powerful psychic, which John intends to exploit for his own gain. The two set up the necessary environment and begin a seance of sorts in order to contact Tricia. When Fennel finally reaches her, she reveals that she is in chains and that the only one who she's seen so far is the 'nasty man'. Before revealing who this man is, he forces his control onto Fennel and tells Constantine that what's his is his. Unfortunately, the stress is too much for Fennel's body and he explodes in a storm of fire, leaving only a burning address in the floor of Fennel's home. This address is one that exists in Los Angeles, where Chas and Constantine prepare to go. Following a troubling flight for Chas, the two arrive at the Los Angeles airport, intent on seeking the address. After acquiring a vehicle, Chas drives Constantine to the address they seek. At this address, a large mansion sits atop a hill and is adorned with many tacky lawn ornaments.
Reception.
Although no fan of Carey's run on the main title, Stephen Holland thought that "Carey is on the toppest form I've known of him" and that the style evoked earlier periods as the "script felt like Ennis, the art like a moodier, more solid John Ridgway."

</doc>
<doc id="19880645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19880645" title="William D. Drake">
William D. Drake

William D. Drake is an English musician, keyboardist, pianist, composer and singer-songwriter. He is best known as a former member of the cult English rock band Cardiacs, whom he played with for nine years between 1983 and 1992. He has also been a member of The Sea Nymphs, North Sea Radio Orchestra, Nervous, Wood, Lake of Puppies and The Grown-Ups, as well as pursuing a career as a solo artist. He is a distant cousin of the English singer-songwriter Nick Drake.
Musical style.
Drake's music draws on a wide variety of sources including psychedelic rock (such as the work of Syd Barrett and Peter Hammill), sea shanties, Early Music (such as madrigals), and both classical and modernist solo piano music (including that of Dmitri Shostakovich). He has also displayed a taste for composing poetry settings featuring Jacobean and Romantic sources.
Biography & career.
Early years.
William D. Drake was born in Stock, Essex and began playing the harmonium as soon as he was able to stand. He began learning the piano at the age of five, training by playing duets with his grandmother before taking formal lessons. He went on to play with numerous bands during his schooldays 
On leaving art college, Drake took a telesales job where he met punk singer/trumpet player Little Sue. He played a gig with her band Honour Our Trumpet at The Grey Horse in Kingston-upon-Thames in 1983. The sound engineer for the concert was Tim Smith, otherwise known as the leader of the Kingston-based band Cardiacs, a rapidly developing cult act with a taste for complex compositions. Intrigued by Drake's skills, Smith immediately wrote out a complicated piece of sheet music and challenged him to play it. Drake performed it with ease. Smith then immediately recruited Drake into Cardiacs, apparently by telling him that he was now a member of the band whether he liked it or not.
Work with Cardiacs, The Sea Nymphs & The Grown-Ups (1983-1992, 1998).
Drake’s first gig with Cardiacs was at The Marquee Club in Wardour Street, London in August 1983, supporting Here and Now. He joined the band towards the end of the recording sessions for their album "The Seaside" (released in 1984) and consequently only performed on "a couple of tracks".
Meanwhile Drake, Tim Smith and Sarah Smith formed a new band in parallel to Cardiacs, initially simply called Mr and Mrs Smith and Mr Drake. Whilst the Cardiacs sound was clearly at the core of the new band, the rock guitars and drums were stripped away, replaced with atmospheric soaring string sounds, faintly wintery chiming and tinkling effects and angelic vocals, with Drake's piano as the central instrument. Astonishingly all this was recorded on four-track, for the eponymous 1984 cassette album "Mr and Mrs Smith and Mr Drake". It was initially available from the fan club and at Cardiacs gigs, and was eventually released on CD in 2002 by Tim Smith’s label All My Eye and Betty Martin Music.
Drake was a fully fledged recording member of Cardiacs by the 1985 Cardiacs EP "Seaside Treats", and also played on the 1986 "Big Ship" mini-album and the 1986 "Rude Bootleg" live album. In 1987, he performed on two Cardiacs 12-inch singles, "There’s Too Many Irons in the Fire" and "Is This the Life". Drake also played a major part on the next Cardiacs album, 1988's "A Little Man and a House and a Whole World Window" for which he co-composed the songs "I'm Eating In Bed" and "The Whole World Window". 1988 also saw the release of another single - the Kinks cover "Susannah’s Still Alive", released in 7" & 12" versions - and a BBC Radio 1 sessions EP ("Night Tracks (The Janice Long Session)"), as well as a second live album called "Cardiacs Live". 
Drake's compositional role in Cardiacs had increased by the time of the recording of the "On Land and in the Sea" album in 1989, for which he co-composed four songs - "I Hold My Love in My Arms" (featuring music he'd originally written at the age of fifteen), "The Duck and Roger the Horse", "Mares Nest" and "The Ever So Closely Guarded Line". He also appeared on the accompanying "Baby Heart Dirt" 7-and-12” single. In 1990, Cardiacs recorded a live concert in Salisbury in which Drake was part of a seven-piece band. This was released as the "Maresnest" live video in 1992 and as the live album "All That Glitters is a Mares Nest" in 1995. The 1991 "Songs For Ships and Irons" compilation collected together various EP tracks originally released between 1986 and 1987 (including two songs co-written by Drake, "Tarred and Feathered" and "Blind in Safety and Leafy in Love"). 
Circa 1990 - while still with Cardiacs - Drake formed The Grown-Ups with himself on keyboards and vocals. This was a short-lived project notable for being the first time Drake worked with guitarist/composer Craig Fortnam (whom he'd later work with in Lake of Puppies and North Sea Radio Orchestra). The other band members were the then-current Cardiacs drummer Dominic Luckman and two other former Cardiacs members (keyboard player and co-singer Mark Cawthra and bass player Jon Bastable (who'd been a backup Cardiac during Cawthra's tenure in the band). The Grown-Ups recorded five songs, which have never been released.
In May 1991, Drake left Cardiacs, believing that he needed a change. He has, however, maintained his links with the band, playing support slots and guesting at various live performances as well as appearing as a guest player on two albums released by Cardiacs after his departure ("Heaven Born and Ever Bright" and "Sing to God"). 
Despite leaving Cardiacs, Drake remained a member of the "Mr and Mrs Smith and Mr Drake" project, which by 1991 had been renamed The Sea Nymphs and had recorded enough material for a new album. A 7" Sea Nymphs single called "Appealing to Venus" was released in 1991, given away free with the first 500 copies of Cardiacs 12” single "Day is Gone" (it was later made available from the fan-club, and was eventually re-released on CD in 1998 by Org Records with additional material added). The band’s eponymous album "The Sea Nymphs" was initially released on cassette in 1992 and was only available from the Cardiacs fan-club (it was not released on CD until 1995). The Sea Nymphs supported All About Eve on their "Ultraviolet" tour of 1992.
The Sea Nymphs were briefly reactivated in 1998 and reissued their "Appealing to Venus" single on CD. The band played a Radio 1 John Peel Session on October 4, 1998 (performing "Eating A Heart Out", "Lilly White's Party", "The Sea Ritual" and "Sea Snake Beware"), which was re-broadcast as a "classic Peel Session" on BBC Radio 6 on May 4, 2009. Drake has claimed that material for at least one more Sea Nymphs album has been recorded, but that the trio have not yet got round to finishing it off and releasing it.
Work with Nervous, Wood and Lake of Puppies (1992-1999).
Soon after leaving Cardiacs Drake teamed up with Dean Gainsburgh-Watkins (bass guitar, formerly of Here and Now), Justin Travis (vocals), Richard "Dicky" Cripps (acoustic guitar), Keith Holden (harmonica), Bernie Holden (clarinet), Oscar O’Lachlainn (electric guitar and drums), Barney Crockford (drums) and Melvin Duffy (pedal steel guitar) to form the folk/country/rock band Nervous. Compared to Cardiacs, Nervous provided a rootsier songwriting style with opportunities for improvisation which appealed to Drake, who took the opportunity to familiarise himself with the Hammond organ and Fender Rhodes electric piano in addition to the pianos, harmoniums and synthesizers which he'd played previously. The band gigged in London regularly (with notable shows at the Royal Albert Hall and Ronnie Scott's) and released an album called "Son of the Great Outdoors" on Grapevine Records in 1996. Some of the album was recorded in Paul McCartney’s Hoghill Studio in Sussex (reportedly, Richard Cripps was in a relationship with Paul’s daughter at the time).
Circa 1994 (and while still working with Nervous), Drake formed the band Lake of Puppies. This featured himself on keyboards and vocals, with Sharron Saddington on bass guitar and vocals, Craig Fortnam on nylon-string acoustic guitar and vocals, and Chin Keeler on drums. Drake has professed "great affection" for this band, which gigged frequently (especially in clubs around the Camden area of London), and recorded three songs which remain unreleased. A fourth Lake of Puppies track, "Large Life", appears on the "Cardiacs and Affectionate Friends" compilation album of 2001. (Sharron Saddington and Craig Fortnam were later to marry and to form the cross-disciplinary chamber music ensemble North Sea Radio Orchestra, to which Drake would contribute.) 
On leaving Nervous in 1997 Drake joined country-rockers Wood (a country rock band led by singer-songwriter James Maddock). He remained with the band for two years, playing on six tours of the United States. He also appeared on Wood's only album, 2001's "Songs from Stamford Hill" (albeit as a guest musician playing keyboards on only one track, "Could I Be").
Solo career (2001-present).
By the late 1990s Drake had composed a very large number of original piano pieces, which Tim Smith then encouraged him to write lyrics for. Smith went on to produce sessions for Drake over the next few years, resulting in the release of the "Melancholy World" single in 2002, followed by Drake’s debut solo album "William D.Drake" which was released on Smith’s label All My Eye and Betty Martin Music in 2003. (The song "Fiery Pyre" from this album had also found its way onto the "Cardiacs and Affectionate Friends" compilation album in 2001.) As gig offers came in Drake put together a live band with a somewhat shifting line-up, the set list depending on which musicians were available. He played at various points over the next five years while working on new material and various projects.
In February 2007, Drake recorded a session for BBC Radio 6 to promote the next stage of his solo career. This consisted of not one but two albums, released simultaneously on two different record labels, both appearing on February 5, 2007. 
"Briny Hooves" (released on sheBear Records) was a more lushly-arranged and orchestrated song-based follow up to "William D.Drake", recorded with a multitude of musicians and singers and meeting with considerable critical success. "Hi-Fi World" called it "a beautifully crafted album of mature, powerful and moody pop songs", while Q Magazine’s Tom Doyle commented "(Drake's) frenetic piano-playing inspired Blur, and here the ex-Cardiacs keyboardist turns his own '60s-refracted take on British art-pop: one part Robyn Hitchcock, one part a deeper-voiced Robert Wyatt." 
"Yews Paw" (released on the Onomatopoeia label) was an album of thirteen unaccompanied acoustic piano pieces. All of these were original Drake compositions, although inspirations included classical composers such as Debussy, Rachmaninov, Paderewski, Prokofiev and Hindemith as well as jazz, Walt Disney films and Edward Lear). As with "Briny Hooves", the album was well received. John L. Walters reviewed "Yews Paw" in "The Guardian", describing it as "piano miniatures whose 'light classical' veneer peels back to reveal a tough musical heart."
In December 2010, a William D. Drake cover version of the Tim Smith song "Savour" appeared as the opening track on "", a fundraising compilation album to benefit the hospitalised Smith. 
Drake's fourth album "The Rising of the Lights" was released in spring 2011. It features yet another band line-up as well as instrumentation including hurdy-gurdy, clarinet, saxophone and an array of vintage keyboards alongside more traditional rock instruments. A couple of songs were written whilst Drake was still in Cardiacs and he has commented "There’s a spice of that time on this album."
Work with North Sea Radio Orchestra & The fFortingtons (2004-present).
Since 2004, Drake has been involved with North Sea Radio Orchestra, the chamber ensemble led by his former Lake of Puppies colleagues Craig and Sharon Fortnam. The ensemble has performed songs and compositions written or co-written by Drake (including his setting of "Mimnermus in Church") and Drake has performed with them as both pianist and member of the vocal chorus. He has also played as part of an occasional acoustic trio with the Fortnams, under the name of The fFortingtons.
Sessions work.
William D. Drake played keyboards with prog-goth band Lefaye during their support tour with The Cure in 1995. He also played keyboards for Slowdive/Mojave 3 singer Rachel Goswell on her debut solo album "Waves Are Universal" and the accompanying tour, as well as working with The Loose Salute (another Mojave 3 spin-off project). Most recently, he played organ on the track "Orange Drop" on Funki Porcini's 2009 album "Plod".

</doc>
<doc id="19880648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19880648" title="Still William">
Still William

Still - William is the fifth book in the Just William series by Richmal Crompton. It was first published in 1925. 

</doc>
<doc id="19880699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19880699" title="Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 61">
Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 61

The 61st Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is located in Montgomery County and includes the following areas:

</doc>
<doc id="19880712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19880712" title="Figure skating at the 1928 Winter Olympics – Ladies' singles">
Figure skating at the 1928 Winter Olympics – Ladies' singles

The ladies's individual figure skating event was held as part of the figure skating programme at the 1928 Winter Olympics. It was the fourth appearance of the event, which had previously been held at the Summer Olympics in 1908 and 1920 and was also part of the first Winter Games in 1924. The competition was held from Thursday February 16, 1928 to Saturday February 18, 1928.
Twenty figure skaters from eight nations competed.
Results.
Referee: 
Judges:

</doc>
<doc id="19880738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19880738" title="Davis DA-1">
Davis DA-1

__NOTOC__
The Davis DA-1 was a light aircraft designed in the United States in the 1950s which never progressed beyond the prototype stage. Davis tried to bring the plane to market as a certified aircraft (his goal was a selling price of under $10,000), but was not successful.
Design and development.
Davis constructed his DA-1 starting on 24 April, 1957. It was a strut-braced high-wing single-engine all-aluminum airplane designed around the new Lycoming O-360 engine. The fixed-nosegear-equipped piston-engine DA-1 was of otherwise conventional configuration, but its V-tail was similar to that of the contemporary Beechcraft Bonanza, whose high cruise speed was attributed partly to its use of that empennage type.
Wings and tail surfaces of the DA-1 used external heat treated ribs; those surfaces were non-tapered (i.e. of constant chord).
Power for the DA-1 was a horizontally-opposed Lycoming O-360 of 180 hp (134 kW), which gave a top speed of 125 mph (201 km/h). 
Operational history.
Initial test flights showed that there was not enough elevator authority with full flaps, and the plane was very loud. Soundprofing, and aerodynamic modifications were applied.

</doc>
<doc id="19880740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19880740" title="Gustavo Venturi">
Gustavo Venturi

Gustavo Venturi (February 4, 1830, Rovereto - June 5, 1898) was an Italian bryologist born in Rovereto.
After graduating with a law degree, Venturi worked as an attorney in Trento, where he researched bryology as a hobby. He was the author of 20 articles on the taxonomy of the moss genus "Orthotrichum". Shortly after his death, his treatise on bryophytes, titled "Muscinee del Trentino", was published. His herbarium is now kept at the "Museo Tridentino di Scienze Naturali" in Trento.

</doc>
<doc id="19880757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19880757" title="Bienvenida, Badajoz">
Bienvenida, Badajoz

Bienvenida is a Spanish municipality in the province of Badajoz, Extremadura. It has a population of 2,343 (2007) and an area of 92.2 km².

</doc>
<doc id="19880779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19880779" title="USS Wahneta (YT-134)">
USS Wahneta (YT-134)

The second USS "Wahneta" (YT-134), later YTM-134, was a United States Navy yard tug in commission from 1939 to 1946.
"Wahneta" was laid down on 29 September 1938 at Mare Island Navy Yard at Vallejo, California. She was launched at midnight on 3 May 1939 — as tide conditions were most favorable then — via an "aerial route:" Large cranes hoisted her up from her building way, swung her out over the water, and then gently lowered her into the channel.
Completed on 23 June 1939, and subsequently commissioned, "Wahneta" performed towing and fire-fighting duties in the busy 12th Naval District throughout World War II. During this service, she was reclassified as a medium harbor tug and redesignated YTM-134 on 15 May 1944.
After the close of World War II, "Wahneta" was declared surplus to Navy needs and was struck from the Navy List on 30 December 1946. She was transferred to the Maritime Commission on 2 June 1947 for disposal.

</doc>
<doc id="19880840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19880840" title="William and The Brains Trust">
William and The Brains Trust

William And The Brains Trust is the twenty-fifth book in the Just William series by Richmal Crompton. It was first published in 1945. It was republished as a paperback (abridged) under the title "William the Hero."

</doc>
<doc id="19880843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19880843" title="USS Wahneta">
USS Wahneta

USS "Wahneta" has been the name of more than United States Navy ship, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19880861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19880861" title="Lyon &amp; Lyon">
Lyon &amp; Lyon

Lyon & Lyon LLP was a Los Angeles-based law firm that specialized in domestic and international intellectual property law matters, with over 100 patent lawyers in six offices in California, New York, and Washington D.C. It was founded in 1901 when Frederick Saxton Lyon began practicing patent law in Los Angeles. The firm acquired its full name in 1919, when Frederick's son, Leonard, became his partner.
In 2002, Lyon & Lyon filed for bankruptcy and dissolved.
In its heyday, Lyon & Lyon LLP was one of the largest, oldest and most pre-eminent intellectual property firms in the nation, and had expertise in patents, trademarks, copyrights and trade secrets, in all principal areas of technology, in prosecution (both domestic and international), in licensing and in litigation. The firm obtained thousands upon thousands of patents, trademark registrations and copyright registrations and compiled an exceptional winning record in both jury and non-jury trials.
The firm handled a number of large intellectual property portfolios worldwide, and had long-established relationships with intellectual property firms in every part of the world. The firm represented clients ranging from individual inventors to large, multi-national companies.
The firm's clients included Disney, Honda, Gucci, K-Mart, Taco Bell and Mitsubishi.

</doc>
<doc id="19880864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19880864" title="Tarebia granifera">
Tarebia granifera

Tarebia granifera, common name (in the aquarium industry) the quilted melania, is a species of freshwater snail with an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Thiaridae. This snail is native to south-eastern Asia, but it has become established as an invasive species in numerous other areas.
Subspecies.
Subspecies of "Tarebia granifera" include:
Description.
A detailed account of the anatomy of "Tarebia granifera" was given by R. Tucker Abbott in 1952 together with notes on its biology and bionomics. A dissection guide was provided by Malek (1962).
The maximum height of adult shells of this species from South Africa is from 18.5 mm to 25.1 mm, while in Puerto Rico they can reach up to 35 mm.
Two color forms of "Tarebia granifera" exist, one has a pale brown body whorl and a dark spire (see photo on the right) and in the other the shell is entirely dark brown to almost black (see photo on the left). Intermediate forms exist.
Distribution.
Indigenous distribution.
The indigenous distribution of this species includes the general area of these countries: India, Sri Lanka, Philippines, Hawaii, southern Japan, Society Islands, Hong Kong, Thailand.
Nonidigenous distribution.
"Tarebia granifera" has become invasive on at least three continents: North and South America and Africa. Initial introductions were presumably via the aquarium trade.
Americas:
Africa:
This spread will doubtless continue into northern South Africa, Moçambique, Zimbabwe and beyond. It has not been possible to calculate the rate of dispersal.
Asia:
Ecology.
Habitat.
In the South Africa, the snail has colonized different types of habitat, from rivers, lakes and irrigation canals to concrete lined reservoirs and ornamental ponds. It reaches very high densities, up to 21 000 m², and is likely to impact on the entire indigenous benthos of the natural waterbodies of the region – more so than any other invasive freshwater invertebrate known from the South Africa. The South African indigenous thiarids "Thiara amarula", "Melanoides tuberculata", and "Cleopatra ferruginea" are considered particularly vulnerable.
Most localities in South Africa (93%) lie below an altitude of 300 m above sea level where an estimated area of 39 500 km2 has been colonized. The only known localities outside this area are the Umsinduzi River in Pietermaritzburg and its confluence with the Umgeni River which lie closer to 500 m. R. Tucker Abbott (1952) noted that on Guam Island, "Tarebia granifera" occurred in streams and rivers at 983 m altitude but that these watercourses were consistently above 24°C indicating that temperature may be an important determinant of distribution.
"Tarebia granifera" also occurs in several estuaries along the KwaZulu-Natal coast. Prominent among these is the dense population (±6038 m2) found at a salinity of 9.98‰ (28.5% sea water) in Catalina Bay, Lake St Lucia, iSimangaliso Wetland Park, KwaZulu-Natal. These records show that "Tarebia granifera" is able to colonize brackish and moderately saline habitats and reach high densities there. From observations in Puerto Rico it was suggested that snails could survive temporarily saline conditions for several weeks by burying themselves in the substratum, emerging when fresh water returned.
In common with other Thiaridae, "Tarebia granifera" is primarily a benthic species and in South Africa has been collected on a variety of substrata in both natural and artificial waterbodies, e.g. sand, mud, rock, concrete bridge foundations and the concrete walls and bottoms of reservoirs, irrigation canals and ornamental ponds. Many of these habitats were vegetated and the associated vegetation included many types of emergent monocotyledons (e.g. "Cyperus papyrus", "Scirpus" sp., "Typha" sp., "Phragmites" sp.) and dicotyledons (e.g. "Ceratophyllum demersum", "Potamogeton crispus", "Nymphaea nouchali"). Where densities are high, "Tarebia granifera" may also occur on marginal, trailing vegetation and the floating Common Water Hyacinth "Eichhornia crassipes" as well. It favours turbulent water and tolerates current speeds up to 1.2m.s−1 and possibly greater. This habitat range is similar to that recorded for "Tarebia granifera" in Puerto Rico.
The major interest in "Tarebia granifera" outside Asia today is its invasive ability and its impact on indigenous benthic communities in colonized waterbodies.
Typically half or more of these snails were buried in the sediments and were not visible from the surface. This was also noticed in aquaria where they actively buried themselves in sand. Exact proportion of population of "Tarebia granifera" that is buried at any time is not known. There is also not known how long can snails remain buried.
"Tarebia granifera" will die at the temperature 7 °C in aquaria, but they do not live in water temperature under 10 °C in the wild.
Dispersal.
It is probable that dispersal of "Tarebia granifera" from one waterbody or river catchment to another occurs passively via birds, notably waterfowl, which eat them and void them later, perhaps in another habitat. Evidence for this comes from the finding of many small "Tarebia granifera" 5–7 mm in height and still containing the soft parts in unidentified bird droppings from the bank of the Mhlali River, South Africa. Even though the shell of "Tarebia granifera" is thick, most of these juveniles had been partially crushed with only a few still intact. Both the intact and damaged specimens could have been alive when passed and perhaps survived had they been deposited in water. None was large enough to have been reproductively mature (see below) and would have needed to survive in any new habitat for several months before reproducing.
Passive dispersal may also occur via weed on boats and boat trailers and via water pumped from one waterbody to another for industrial and irrigation purposes. In the Nseleni River juvenile "Tarebia granifera" were commonly found with another invasive snail, "Pseudosuccinea columella", on floating clumps of water hyacinth "Eichhornia crassipes" which provide a vehicle for rapid downstream dispersal.
Once established in a particular waterbody "Tarebia granifera" is likely to disperse actively, both up and downstream in the case of flowing systems, as far as environmental factors like current speed and food availability will allow. The snail’s tolerance of turbulent, flowing water was demonstrated by Prentice (1983) who reported it migrating upstream on the Caribbean island of Saint Lucia at a rate of 100 m month−1 in streams discharging up to 50 l.s−1. In KwaZulu-Natal it has been collected in water flowing at up to 1.2 m.s−1 which is likely to exceed the current speeds of at least the lower and middle reaches of many rivers and streams in South Africa making these watercourses open to colonization.
The sole of "Tarebia granifera" is proportionally small when compared to other thiarids and smaller snails with their higher coefficients were less able to grip the substratum in the face of moving water and so not did disperse as effectively as larger ones.
Density.
In Florida Tucker Abbott (1952) recorded a density of "Tarebia granifera" 4444 m−2 which falls within the range of densities measured with a Van Veen grab in a number of sites in northern KwaZulu-Natal, where was measured desnsities 843.6 ±320.2 m−2 to 20764.4 ±13828.1 m−2. The site with such high density was non-flowing, devoid of rooted vegetation but it was shaded by trees ("Barringtonia racemosa") and by floating "Eichhornia crassipes". This between-site variability may be positively correlated to habitat heterogeneity and food availability. Despite the very high densities recorded in the Nseleni River, indigenous invertebrates were still present in the sediments including: bivalve "Chambardia wahlbergi", chironomids, oligochaetes (tubificids) and burrowing polychaetes were also found but in very low numbers.
The low densities of "Tarebia granifera" reported for the Mhlatuze River, South Africa may have been influenced by nearby sand-mining activities or, more likely, high flows and mobile sediments, but they nevertheless approach those recorded by Dudgeon (1980) for "Tarebia granifera" in its native Hong Kong (18–193 m−2).
Little is known of the long term population fluctuations of "Tarebia granifera" and findings seem to be contradictory. Studies in Cuba (Yong et al. (1987), Ferrer López et al. (1989), Fernández et al. (1992)) indicate that the snail lives for more than a year though maximum densities were recorded at different times of the year in different habitats. Using a catch per unit effort netting technique, Yong et al. (1987) and Ferrer López et al. (1989) found highest densities in summer when temperatures reached their maximum whereas Fernández et al. (1992) found highest densities in November (late autumn) when temperatures reached their minimum. Fernández et al. (1992) also suggested that "Tarebia granifera" density was positively correlated with Ca2+ concentrations and negatively with NH4 concentrations.
Recent surveys by Vázquez et al. (2010) of Pinar del Río Province, Cuba have reported population densities of "Tarebia granifera" of 85 individuals/m2, well above those of its endemic relatives (5 individuals/m2).
Feeding habits.
"Tarebia granifera" feeds on algae, diatoms and detritus.
Life cycle.
"Tarebia granifera" is both parthenogenetic and ovoviviparous, although males have been reported. These are characteristics which are undoubtedly key to its success as an invader. For example no males have been found amongst hundreds dissected from KwaZulu-Natal, it is probable that a few are present. Males were found in most (6/7) populations examined in Puerto Rico but were generally uncommon at up to 22.7% of the population (mean 4.6%). Live sperm were present in the testes of these males but the genitalia were apparently non-functional. R. Tucker Abbott (1952) failed to find sperm in the gonads of male "Tarebia granifera" from Florida. Most "Tarebia granifera" are therefore clones of the female parent.
Embryos develop in a brood pouch. This pouch is a compartmentalized structure lying immediately above the oesophagus and develops only after the snail has reached maturity. Its size expands as the number of embryos increases. "Tarebia granifera" has 1-77 embryos in its brood pouch.
Tucker Abbott (1952), Chaniotis et al. (1980) and WHO (1981) cite the same statistic that females can give birth to one juvenile every 12 hours! Young snails emerge through a birth pore on the right side of the head. The newborn shell is <1–2 mm in height with between 1.5 and 4.8 whorls. The size of juveniles at birth is 0.7-2.1 mm. According to Chen (2003) these newborns have a high survival rate in the field.
Attainment of sexual maturity in "Tarebia granifera" is generally indicated by the size of the smallest snail observed to give birth rather than a histological assessment of the development of the gonad and associated reproductive structures. Appleton & Nadasan (2002) estimated onset of maturity at 10–12 mm shell height but unpublished data suggest a height closer to 8 mm in line with other published studies. Tucker Abbott (1952) estimated sexual maturity at between 5.5 and 8.0 mm at different stations over a short stretch of river in Florida. Chaniotis et al. (1980) gave a similar estimate of 6.0-7.0 mm from a cohort of laboratory-bred snails in Puerto Rico.
Appleton et al. (2009) extrapolated data by Yong et al. (1987), Ferrer López et al. (1989) and by Fernández et al.(1992) and they resulted that sexual maturity is reached at an age of about five months. Reported variation in maturation period varies from 97–143 days (3.2-4.8 months) under the laboratory conditions to 6–12 months, also from laboratory data. It is difficult to relate shell size at the onset of maturity to age since the size structure of populations vary over time and from one locality to another.
Dissection of "Tarebia granifera" showed blastula stage embryos in the brood pouches of snails as small as 8 mm shell height. Small numbers of shelled embryos, including veligers, were found in snails of 10–14 mm but became more plentiful in snails >14 mm and especially those >20 mm. Importantly, unshelled embryos (blastula, gastrula and trochophore stages) were not found in snails >16 mm and the numbers of shelled embryos themselves decreased in the largest snails, >24 mm. This suggests that differentiation of germinal cells in the ovary and their subsequent arrival in the brood pouch as blastulae is not a continuous process over a breeding season but occurs as one or more ‘cohorts’ or ‘pulses’ which stop before the birth rate of young snails reaches its maximum. So it seems that while the first birth may occur in snails as small as 8 mm, these are few and most juveniles are born to snails >14 mm. The size of the shell of the parent at peak release of juveniles is 24.0 mm.
The reproductive biology of "Tarebia granifera" needs to be investigated in detail before its population dynamics can be properly interpreted from quantitative sampling.
Parasites.
"Tarebia granifera" serves as the first intermediate host for a variety of trematodes in its native south east Asia. Amongst these are several species of the family Heterophyidae some of which have been reported as opportunistic infections in people, and another, "Centrocestus formosanus" (Nishigori, 1924), is an important gill parasite of fish. "Tarebia granifera" also serves as intermediate host for the philopthalmid eyefluke "Philopthalmus gralli" Mathis & Ledger, 1910 which has recently (2005) been reported affecting ostriches "Struthio camelus" on farms in Zimbabwe. The snail host implicated in this outbreak was "Melanoides tuberculata" but the rapid spread and high population densities achieved by "Tarebia granifera", which appears to be replacing "Melanoides tuberculata" in South Africa, may exacerbate the problem in the future.
For many years "Tarebia granifera" was believed to be an intermediate host for the Asian lungfluke "Paragonimus westermani" (Kerbert, 1878), but Michelson showed in 1992 that this was erroneous.
Other interspecific relationships.
"Tarebia granifera" have been associated with the disappearance of two indigenous benthic gastropod species from rivers in Puerto Rico and have displaced the vegetation-associated pulmonate "Biomphalaria glabrata" from streams and ponds on several Caribbean islands. Although the responsible mechanism is not understood, this has led to suggestions that it could be useful as a biocontrol agent in snail control operations within integrated schistosomiasis control programmes. They probably also compete for space and resources (e.g. food) with indigenous infaunal and epifaunal invertebrates, especially where its densities are high. Under such conditions it is likely to alter the structure and biodiversity of the entire benthic communities of invaded habitats and perhaps the vegetation-associated communities as well.
Anecdotal reports and observations suggest that in KwaZulu-Natal the indigenous thiarid "Melanoides tuberculata" is becoming less common and pressure from the spread of "Tarebia granifera", particularly at high densities, is a possible explanation. Like "Tarebia granifera", "Melanoides tuberculata" is parthenogenetic and ovoviviparous, grows to a similar size, are similar in size at first birth and juvenile output. Data from several habitats where the species occur sympatrically show however that in all such situations "Tarebia granifera" becomes numerically dominant.
"Tarebia granifera" is likely to impact on another South-African indigenous thiarid, the poorly known "Thiara amarula" in the saline St. Lucia estuary system.
Studies on the ecological impact of "Tarebia granifera" are urgently needed.
Human importance.
In addition to its role as intermediate host for several economically important trematode species, "Tarebia granifera" has colonized water reservoirs, dams and ponds on the premises of three large industrial plants in northern KwaZulu-Natal and been pumped out of at least one of them, blocking water pipes and damaging equipment. This generally happens when snail densities are high and the damage is due to individuals being crushed so that pieces of shell and soft tissue are carried into machinery. Details of the nature and extent of this damage and the costs incurred are not available. There is no doubt that "Tarebia granifera" is able to pass unharmed through pumps, probably as juveniles.
References.
This article incorporates CC-BY-3.0 text from references.

</doc>
<doc id="19880866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19880866" title="Stars in Battledress (band)">
Stars in Battledress (band)

Stars In Battledress are an English musical duo featuring brothers Richard and James Larcombe. They are notable for their complex but tuneful compositions, their unorthodox fusion of folk music sources and British/American art rock influences, and for their intricate and allusive lyrics.
A related project led by Richard Larcombe - called Defeat The Young – has strong ties to Stars In Battledress. Both projects have ties to other bands including North Sea Radio Orchestra, Cardiacs, The Monsoon Bassoon, Max Tundra and Admirals' Hard.
Sound.
Stars In Battledress draw strongly on traditional folk sources (most obviously in their use of folk instrumentation such as harmonium and autoharp, and in the specifically English inflections of Richard Larcombe's singing voice), 1990s American art rock (such as Don Caballero) and the complex "psychedelic mediaeval" music of the related British bands Cardiacs and The Sea Nymphs. Though the band have displayed a reluctance to be associated directly with progressive rock, the complexity of their music and the use of expansive keyboard textures have sometimes seen them labelled as a progressive rock act: Richard Larcombe's distinctly English tenor delivery has sometimes seen him compared to Richard Sinclair (Caravan, Hatfield and the North, etc.).
Stars In Battledress are also notable for Richard Larcombe's literate and allusive post-modern lyrics, which span traditional topics such as love songs and social advancement while also cross-referencing more unusual subjects such as silent film, doppelgangers, historical figures such as Havelock Ellis, the English landscape painters Thomas Gainsborough and John Constable and the work of the Canadian hard-rock band Voivod (sometimes incorporating several of these subjects within the same song).
Stars In Battledress prehistory.
Richard Larcombe (vocals, guitars, harmonium, autoharp) and younger brother James Larcombe (piano, harmonium, church organ, hurdy-gurdy, various keyboards) grew up in a musical family in the region of Plymouth, Devon, UK. The brothers were tentative musical collaborators from a fairly young age and had always intended to take their collective work further. Richard also attended school with future musical ally Kavus Torabi (Cardiacs, The Monsoon Bassoon, Guapo etc.).
Moving to London, Richard formed rock band Magnilda with himself on lead vocals and guitar - other members included future television and radio presenter Iain Lee (bass, vocals) and Cardiacs roadie “Captain” John Hook (drums). Magnilda displayed Richard’s taste for complex and witty songs using advanced harmony (at this point, in a more straightforward indie-rock context) and tongue-in-cheek humour. Sometimes compared to mid-period XTC, they produced one cassette demo ("Clocks Are Like People") and played concerts alongside (among others) The Monsoon Bassoon and The Shrubbies (the latter featuring various ex-Cardiacs and future North Sea Radio Orchestra members). The band came to an end in late 1998/early 1999, partly due to Lee’s increasing commitment to "The 11 O'Clock Show".
At around the same time, James Larcombe was attending the University of Oxford. Upon his own graduation and subsequent move to London in 1999, he and Richard formed Stars In Battledress, naming themselves after the British military entertainment organisation.
Stars In Battledress history.
Unsuited to the environment of touring rock bands or indeed most rock venues, Stars In Battledress concentrated on playing small or acoustic-orientated venues where their drum-less lineup (generally Richard playing semi-acoustic guitar and James playing harmonium and digital piano) would work better. (This is a practise which they have continued to this day - appearing at smaller venues such as Toynbee Hall and Lark In The Park and sympathetic underground clubnights such as The Orchestra Pit - although they have notably played the larger capacity University Of London Union and The Garage, London in support of Cardiacs). The Larcombes had by now befriended their old musical hero - Cardiacs leader Tim Smith - and he was later to produce the recording sessions for their debut album.
Along with members of Foe, Ursa and The Monsoon Bassoon, the Larcombes became involved in setting up the small House Of Stairs record label. Their first appearance on record – the instrumental “Sand (Blowing About)”, described as "a beautiful dance of fluent piano and autoharp" by Evophonic - appeared on the label’s 2002 compilation "Useless In Bed Vol. 1".
In 2003 this was followed by the debut Stars In Battledress album, "Secrets And Signals", which received favourable reviews in the underground press. Aural Innovations recommended the album to "those who enjoy a theatrical flair to their music" and described it as "a sometimes rich, sometimes sparse tapestry of progressive chamber pop", also noting its "lush, dreamy, fantasy quality". Ink19, noting the band's "ethereal and distinctly English" quality (and comparing them to similarly English mavericks such as Julian Cope or Felt) concluded "one has to be impressed with the talent and skill that the brothers Lancombe bring to this release with their considerable abilities... Yet, for all their technical ability and prowess, this album remains one that fails to connect emotionally." Pop Matters noted that "there is a richness and intelligent approach to each and every track" while cautioning that the album is "very pretty in some respects, but... lacks small intangibles in others." 
Current activity.
Stars In Battledress have played intermittent live concerts in recent years (notably supporting Cardiacs and Momus) and have mentioned following up "Secrets And Signals" with an EP called "Story Of The Hood Tapes, Vol. 1" (the latter remains unreleased, although an excerpt – “Hollywood Says So” – can be heard on their MySpace page).
Currently the Larcombe brothers are more often found together when contributing to William D. Drake or North Sea Radio Orchestra concerts.
Defeat The Young.
Richard Larcombe leads a second project called Defeat The Young. This produces similar material to that covered by Stars In Battledress but with a stronger theatrical/music hall factor (including adding George Formby and The Marx Brothers to existing influences). James Larcombe plays hurdy-gurdy and various keyboards for this project, but does not contribute to the songwriting - other contributors have included Paul Westwood (hammer dulcimer, ex-Foe/Geiger Counter), composer Terry Mann (double bass/vocals - and the Larcombe's brother-in-law) and Mark Braby (bass – organiser of The Orchestra Pit avant-garde performance nights in London). The band has played several London dates (most notably a performance at the 12 Bar Club in November 2002 alongside Rhatigan, Tim Bowness/Peter Chilvers and David Schweitzer) but has been dormant since then.
Defeat The Young has released four songs to date. Three were on the “Four Seasons Singles Club – Summer 2001” box set on Day Release Records (“Bad Penny Said She Likes Me”, “Lift Up What You're Wearing” and “King Of A Frozen World”) with a further song (“I’m Ruining Something”) appearing on the House of Stairs "Useless In Bed Vol. 1" 2002 compilation.
Related Projects and Associations.
Both brothers are members of the contemporary music ensemble North Sea Radio Orchestra (in which Richard sings and James plays organ), and the sea-shanty band Admirals’ Hard (in which Richard sings and plays guitar while James plays hurdy-gurdy, other group members are from The Monsoon Bassoon, Foe, and Tunng). Both brothers are also regular live collaborators with William D. Drake.
Richard and James Larcombe contributed remixes to Max Tundra’s download-only covers album "Best Friends" in 2008 ( Richard remixed “Lamplight On A One-Horse Shoe” as “The Singing Doctor” and James remixed “The Balaton” as “Oakeshott”).
James Larcombe currently plays keyboards for revived British psychedelic rock band Zag And The Coloured Beads.
In 2002, Richard Larcombe played bass with Kavus Torabi’s short-lived post-Monsoon Bassoon project Miss Helsinki.

</doc>
<doc id="19880880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19880880" title="Sensei robotic catheter system">
Sensei robotic catheter system

The Sensei X robotic catheter is a medical robot designed to enhance a physician’s ability to perform complex operations using a small flexible tube called a catheter. As open surgical procedures that require large incisions have given way to minimally invasive surgeries in which the surgeon gains access to the target organs through small incisions using specialized surgical tools. One important tool used in many of these procedures is a catheter used to deliver many of things a surgeon needs to do his work, to impact target tissue and deliver a variety of medicines or disinfecting agents to treat disease or infection. 
Manufactured by Hansen Medical, Sensei X is a specialized robotic catheter system that is controlled by a physician and is designed for accurate positioning, manipulation and stable control of catheter and catheter-based technologies during cardiovascular procedures. The Sensei system obtained U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) clearance in 2007, after which the Cleveland Clinic's electrophysiology program, then directed by Dr. Andrea Natale, received the first placement. The Sensei Robotic Catheter System and Artisan Control Catheter allow physicians to navigate flexible catheters with greater stability and control during complex cardiac arrhythmia procedures. Hansen Medical has related co-development agreements with the following industry leaders: St. Jude Medical, GE Healthcare, Siemens Healthcare, and Philips Medical Systems.
Hansen Medical was founded by Dr. Frederic Moll, who had also co-founded Intuitive Surgical, manufacturer of the Da Vinci Surgical System, whose use has propelled medicinal robotics to the forefront of patient care. The Sensei system is indicated for use during the cardiac mapping phase of cardiac arrhythmia treatment in the US. Meanwhile, it has CE mark approval for facilitating the navigation of ablation catheters within the atria of the heart during complex arrhythmia procedures such as Atrial Fibrillation (AF).
In November 2010, Hansen Medical received unconditional Investigational Device Exemption (IDE) approval from the FDA initiating a clinical trial to investigate the use of the Sensei X Robotic Catheter System and the Artisan Control Catheter for treatment of AF, the most common cardiac arrhythmia. The Principal Investigator of the ARTISAN AF Trial is Dr. Andrea Natale, executive medical director for Texas Cardiac Arrhythmia Institute (TCAI). The first case in the trial was completed by Dr. Joseph Gallinghouse, an electrophysiologist, at the TCAI at St. David's Medical Center.
By the end of 2010, nearly 100 Sensei systems have been shipped worldwide since its 2007 release. The system has been used to perform almost 5,000 procedures. The Sensei system operates by guiding standard catheters through a manipulated robotically steerable sheath (hollow tube) in the patient's vasculature. The doctor performs the procedure at a control station with a technology called "IntelliSense" to proximally measure the forces applied along the shaft of the catheter as a result of catheter tissue contact. The Artisan catheter has two robotically controlled segments which provides six degrees of freedom and 270 degrees of bend articulation which can assist physicians in accessing hard-to-reach cardiac anatomy. The open lumen Artisan catheter accommodates 8F percutaneous EP catheters. Centers have reported acute and long term success rates consistent with manual procedures.
The Sensei Robotic System in clinical use.
Although the Sensei system was initially tested in a range of ablation procedures including SVT and typical atrial flutter, there is most excitement about it’s role in complex ablation procedures such as for atrial fibrillation (AF), where the ability to manipulate catheters to precise locations within the heart and keep them stable in the desired position is crucial. Achieving adequate tissue contact, ideally with a small amount of pressure being applied by the catheter during ablation, is also essential to effectively destroy the heart tissue responsible for arrhythmia. The ability to titrate catheter contact force using the Sensei system’s built-in pressure sensor technology (called intellisense) may allow operators to maximise the chance of creating effective burns across the thickness of the atrial wall, whilst minimising the risk of complication. Intracardiac echocardiography has also demonstrated that greater catheter stability is achieved with robotic compared to manual catheter delivery. Consequently, there is evidence that robotic ablation causes more effective and more efficient burns. 
Use of robotic navigation for catheter ablation was also designed to allow Electrophysiology to perform most of the procedure without being exposed to X-rays (or radiation). The radiation dose to the operator during a conventional manual ablation procedure is relatively small, although there is cumulative exposure that becomes an important consideration for operators performing procedures on a daily basis. By performing procedures a few metres away using a robotic system and seated in the leaded anteroom, the operator is shielded from X-rays and is less vulnerable to operator fatigue, which may affect operator performance in long complex cases. Use of robotic navigation has been shown to reduce fluoroscopy times in catheter ablation of AF, resulting in reduced X-ray exposure for patients and other health care professionals present in the catheter laboratory.
Early Experience with the Sensei Robotic System.
The system has been the subject of several clinical trials in the USA and Europe, particularly for the catheter ablation of AF. There were early safety concerns after the ‘first-in-human’ studies suggested high complication rates. Wazni et al. reported experience with the first 71 catheter ablations for AF in their centre using the Hansen robotic navigation system starting from 2005.
These early studies have allowed others to incorporate changes to their technique, and hence recent work has produced complication rates for catheter ablation of AF comparable to procedures performed manually. The field of robotic ablation is growing and evolving rapidly, and randomised controlled trials comparing robotic to manual ablation are ongoing in Europe and the USA to see if these potential advantages will translate into better clinical outcomes.
Recent studies using the Sensei Robotic system.
Since there are no completed randomised controlled trials comparing robotic ablation to manual ablation, comparing the modalities remains difficult. Techniques, complication rates and clinical results vary widely between centres for both manual and robotic procedures, making registry data difficult to compare. Typical ranges for procedures performed manually are: major complication rates of 3-5%, and success rates of approximately 80-90% for paroxysmal AF and 70-75% for persistent AF (depending on the length of follow-up). The following are recent reports in medical journals detailing experience of the Sensei system in the catheter ablation of AF, and demonstrate approximate success and complication rates at the time of writing: 

</doc>
<doc id="19880901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19880901" title="Bob McCaffrey">
Bob McCaffrey

Robert Alan McCaffrey (born April 16, 1952 in Bakersfield, California) is a retired National Football League center who had a notable career while a student athlete on the University of Southern California Trojans football team.
Professional career.
Lewis was drafted by the Green Bay Packers in the 1975 NFL Draft and played one season before retiring.
College career.
Bob played college football at the University of Southern California where he lettered for three seasons, 1972-74. The Trojans played in three Rose Bowls and won two national championships in that period, 1972 and 1974. He was honored as USC's Lineman of the Year in 1974 and junior varsity MVP in 1971. Bob played in the 1975 College All-Star Game, where a team of star college seniors played the Super Bowl IX champion Pittsburgh Steelers, losing 21-14. He graduated from USC in 1975.
High school career.
McCaffrey played high school football at Garces Memorial High School in Bakersfield, California.
Personal.
McCaffrey's wife, Karen, also attended USC. His brother, Mike McCaffrey, also played football, lettering for the California Golden Bears between 1966–68 and co-captained the 1968 squad before playing a season for the Buffalo Bills in 1970. His son, Brent McCaffrey, played football for USC as a left tackle, lettering for three seasons (1998–2000).
After football.
McCaffrey joined his father-in-law, John Bonadelle, and became real estate developer in Fresno, California; he now heads The McCaffrey Group and is on the Board of Directors of the Building Industry Association of Fresno/Madera Counties, having previously served as Chairman of the Board.

</doc>
<doc id="19880903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19880903" title="Cabeza del Buey">
Cabeza del Buey

Cabeza del Buey is a Spanish municipality in the province of Badajoz, Extremadura. It has a population of 5,620 (2007) and an area of 475.06 km².

</doc>
<doc id="19880919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19880919" title="William Carries On">
William Carries On

William Carries On is the twenty-fourth book in the Just William series by Richmal Crompton. It was first published in 1942. 

</doc>
<doc id="19880944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19880944" title="Banxing">
Banxing

Banxing or BX-1 (), is a small Chinese technology development satellite which was deployed from the Shenzhou 7 spacecraft at 11:27 GMT on 27 September 2008. Prior to deployment, the satellite was mounted on top of the Shenzhou 7 orbital module.
Purpose.
Banxing was used to relay images of the Shenzhou 7 spacecraft. Weighing some 40 kilograms, and containing two cameras and communication equipment, it was maneuvered using an ammonia gas-based propulsion system. Following the re-entry of Shenzhou 7, Banxing remained in orbit as part of a formation-flying experiment with the discarded Shenzhou orbital module.
A few hours after Banxing was launched it and the Shenzhou 7 orbital module passed unusually close to the International Space Station. This provoked some speculation that the experiment was intended to test military anti-satellite interception technology.

</doc>
<doc id="19881004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19881004" title="3-on-3 basketball at the 2008 Asian Beach Games">
3-on-3 basketball at the 2008 Asian Beach Games

3-on-3 basketball at the 2008 Asian Beach Games were held from 24–26 October 2008 in Bali, Indonesia.

</doc>
<doc id="19881026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19881026" title="Figure skating at the 1928 Winter Olympics – Pairs">
Figure skating at the 1928 Winter Olympics – Pairs

The pairs figure skating event was held as part of the figure skating programme at the 1928 Winter Olympics. It was the fourth appearance of the event, which had previously been held at the Summer Olympics in 1908 and 1920 and was also part of the first Winter Games in 1924. The competition was held on Sunday February 19, 1928.
Twenty-six figure skaters from ten nations competed.
Results.
Referee: 
Judges:

</doc>
<doc id="19881030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19881030" title="Campanario, Badajoz">
Campanario, Badajoz

Campanario is a Spanish municipality in the province of Badajoz, Extremadura. It has a population of 5,470 (2007) and an area of 284 km².

</doc>
<doc id="19881050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19881050" title="Mercurio's Menu">
Mercurio's Menu

"Mercurio's Menu" is an Australian television cooking show hosted by Paul Mercurio. The series follows Paul as he travels to different regions of Australia and highlights the region's local cuisines, as well as talk to local chefs. It is produced by WTFN and airs on Channel Seven and a number of other stations in Australia and New Zealand. It is also shown on the Australian Network which beams out to more than 44 countries across Asia, the Pacific and Indian subcontinent. It has also been sold to various countries including Israel, Spain and others.
History.
The program first premiered at in February 2008, and aired in most regions of Australia at 5:30 pm on Sundays. The second season premiered on 14 February 2009 at 5:30 pm on Channel Seven. The third season began on 11 April 2010. The fourth series started in NSW in May 2011. A special one hour episode filmed in Kenya and featuring the Koricho Tea fields was screened nationally on Saturday 28 May 2011.
Dishes.
Mercurio's Menu has led to the development of a number of original dishes, many of them evidently masterminded by Mercurio himself. These include "Pasodoble Pizza Pockets", "Strictly Stroganoff", "Mercurio Muffins" and "Failure Pie With 90s Throwback Sauce".
Availability.
"Mercurio's Menu" can be seen on various television stations. In Australia, it airs at 5.30 pm every Sunday on Channel Seven and most of its regional affiliate stations, such as Prime and Southern Cross. Some stations air the show at a different times due to sports coverage commitments - for instance the show is aired in Victoria at 5.30pm on a Saturday. The show also airs on 7Two every Saturday at 9pm
In New Zealand, the show airs on weekday afternoons on subscription channel Food Television.
Series one, two and three will soon be seen on Foxtel in Australia commencing in August 2011.
Episodes.
Series One - 2008
"Episode 1 - Gold Coast"
"Episode 2 - Townsville"
First airing on 17 May 2008, this episode featured stories from Townsville and Magnetic Island. Paul visited The Watermark and Aquarius on the Beach in Townsville before boarding SunFerries to travel to Magnetic Island. Whilst on Magnetic Island, Paul visited Moke Magnetic and Barefoot Art Food Wine. With the help of executive chef Sean Calliste, Paul created a prawn, avocado and boccocini pizza. Also featured in this episode is Meg Coffey. Other features of this episode include barramundi, ice cream, prawns, beer, sugarcane and Paul's Great Walk for Cancer.
Series Two - 2009
Series Three - 2010
Series Four - 2011
References.
Mercurio's Menu the cook book was released in November 2009 and is still available to purchase through bookshops and on line. It is published by Murdoch Books. The book features the recipes from series one and two.

</doc>
<doc id="19881065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19881065" title="John Endler">
John Endler

Professor John A. Endler is an ethologist and evolutionary biologist noted for his work on the adaptation of vertebrates to their unique perceptual environments, and the ways in which animal sensory capacities and colour patterns co-evolve.
Life and career.
Born in Canada, Endler took his PhD degree at the University of Edinburgh in Scotland and subsequently worked at the University of California, Santa Barbara and the James Cook University of North Queensland, Australia and is currently working at Deakin University in Victoria, Australia. Since 2006 he has been Anniversary Professor of Animal Behaviour in the School of Psychology at the University of Exeter, England. In 2007 he was elected as a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences.
Research achievements.
Endler has carried out extensive work on guppies, including in 1975 rediscovering the species now known to aquarists as Endler's guppy, in his honour; this brightly coloured fish is sometimes regarded as a geographical variant of the common guppy "Poecilia reticulata", but is now usually treated as a separate species, "Poecilia wingei". Although it had been recorded before Endler's discovery, it had not been properly studied and documented. Among biologists, however, he is better known for his experimental work on inducing small-scale evolution in the laboratory. In addition to his work on guppies he has studied many other species, including investigating the bower-building behaviour of bowerbirds in North Queensland, Australia. In 2008 the European Research Council announced that he was among the first cohort of Life Scientists to receive an award under its Advanced Grants scheme.

</doc>
<doc id="19881069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19881069" title="Little Neck Bay">
Little Neck Bay

Little Neck Bay is an embayment in western Long Island, New York, off Long Island Sound. Little Neck Bay forms the western boundary of the Great Neck Peninsula, the eastern boundary of which is Manhasset Bay. The political boundary between Nassau County and the borough of Queens runs through the bay. At the entrance to the bay, on the western point (known as Willets Point) is Fort Totten built to protect the entrance to the tidal strait known as the East River. 
At the eastern side of the entrance is Elm Point (the end of Steamboat Road in Kings Point). The bay is about a mile wide at the entrance and extends back just under two miles. Originally, on the western and southern sides of the bay there were extensive salt marshes. Saddle Rock is located on the eastern side of the bay about half-way in. The bay is shallower than Manhasset Bay, being only deep at the entrance, with most of the back bay being less than deep. Alley Pond Park and Cross Island Parkway are on the southern and southwestern shore, and Alley Creek drains into the bay.
History.
Traditionally, the Algonquin who lived around Little Neck Bay when Europeans came were considered to be from a tribe known as the Matinecock. However, that view has been challenged.
From the 1860s through the 1890s, small hard clams (quahogs) from Little Neck Bay were served in the best restaurants of New York and several European capitals. Eventually, the term "littleneck" or "littleneck clam" came to be used as a size category for all hard clams, regardless of origin. Saddle-rock oysters are also found in the bay. The bay was closed to harvesting in 1909 due to pollution.

</doc>
<doc id="19881097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19881097" title="Viza za budućnost">
Viza za budućnost

Viza za budućnost ("Visa for the Future") was one of the first post-Independence Bosnian sitcoms. Production started on June 22, 2001 in Sarajevo, Bosnia and Herzegovina. The final episode was filmed in Sarajevo on August 25, 2008 and aired in October. Viza za budućnost eventually became one of the region's most popular sitcoms.

</doc>
<doc id="19881100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19881100" title="Casper's Scare School (video game)">
Casper's Scare School (video game)

"Casper's Scare School is an adventure video game released for the PlayStation 2 in the PAL region. The Nintendo DS version is titled Casper's Scare School: Classroom Capers", and is developed by Nikitova Games. The DS version has simple gameplay and is targeted for young children, around 4 to 6 years old.
Both versions is based on the computer animated series "Casper's Scare School". The plot involves Casper the Friendly Ghost, having been sent to "Scare School" by his three uncles, must thwart the school bully Thatch the Vampire's plan to turn all the characters to stone.

</doc>
<doc id="19881105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19881105" title="Papyrus 10">
Papyrus 10

Papyrus 10 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), signed by formula_110, and named Oxyrhynchus papyri 209, is an early copy of part of the New Testament content in Greek. It is a papyrus manuscript of the Epistle to the Romans, dating paleographically to the early 4th century.
Description.
The manuscript is a fragment of one leaf, written in one column per page. 
The surviving text is of Romans, verses 1:1-7. The manuscript was written very carelessly. The handwriting is crude and irregular, and the copy contains some irregular spellings. A part of verse 6 is omitted (εν οις εστε και υμεις κλητοι "who are called to belong to").
The nomina sacra are written in an abbreviated way.
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type. Aland placed it in Category I. The manuscript is too brief for certainty. The only variant of any importance is Χριστου Ιησου in Rom 1:7, where the manuscripts all have the reverse order.
History.
The papyrus was found tied up with a contract dated in 316 A.D., and other documents of the same period.
It was discovered in Oxyrhynchus, Egypt, and is currently housed at the Houghton Library of the Harvard University (Semitic Museum Inv. 2218), Cambridge (Massachusetts).

</doc>
<doc id="19881111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19881111" title="List of non-marine molluscs of Great Britain">
List of non-marine molluscs of Great Britain

This list comprises 220 species of non-marine molluscs that have been recorded in the scientific literature as part of the fauna of the island of Great Britain. These are terrestrial and aquatic gastropods, and aquatic bivalves; the list does not include species of molluscs which are considered to be fully marine, except for two marine pulmonate gastropods.
In other words: this list includes land snails and slugs, and freshwater and brackish water snails. It also includes freshwater mussels and clams, including some that can tolerate brackish water. Molluscs that are fully adapted to live in the sea are not included here, except for two species that are air-breathing and thus are more closely related to most land and freshwater snails than they are to the majority of sea snails.
Great Britain is a European island in the northeastern Atlantic, comprising the contiguous countries of England, Scotland and Wales. (Great Britain is not the same entity as the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, for more information on the complex nomenclature of this area, please see terminology of the British Isles.) 
The mollusk fauna of the island of Ireland, which includes both the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland, is listed in another article: List of non-marine molluscs of Ireland.
A number of species of snails listed here are semi-terrestrial and so are sometimes also found on lists of marine species. Two listed here, in the genera "Onchidella" and "Otina", are fully marine in habitat, but are pulmonate snails which breathe air at low tide rather than having gills like most marine species. Other species listed here live in habitats that are intermediate between land and saltwater, or in brackish water habitats intermediate between freshwater and full-salinity saltwater.
Additional species are still being added to the list of the non-marine malacofauna of Great Britain. Three of the more recent discoveries are "Papillifera bidens" first found in 1993, "Selenochlamys ysbryda" a species which appeared to be new to science and which was first found in 2005, and "Eobania vermiculata" first found in 2006 and possibly not really established at that point.
In addition to the species that survive outdoors in Great Britain, there are also another 14 exotic gastropod species (some terrestrial and some aquatic) which live as "uninvited guests" in greenhouses and their enclosed aquaria. These species are known as "hothouse aliens", and are listed separately at the end of the main list. In this list these species are not counted as part of the fauna.
The following table shows a summary of species numbers. 
Conservation.
Those species that are recognized as endangered are shown with an E after their name, see List of endangered species in the British Isles.
Some species are protected in the United Kingdom under the Wildlife and Countryside Act 1981:
Two of the land snails on the list ("Fruticicola fruticum" and "Cernuella neglecta") are now locally extinct (in Great Britain, sometimes abbreviated here as G.B.), but they still occur in other parts of Europe.
Systematic list.
The list is arranged by presumed biological affinity, rather than being alphabetical by family.
A number of species are listed with subspecies, in cases where there are well-recognized subspecies in different parts of Europe. For some species a synonym is given, where the species may perhaps be better known under another name.
An attempt has been made to label the families as aquatic, terrestrial or intermediate, and an indication is given where it is thought that the species is introduced. Some introductions to Great Britain are quite ancient, dating from Roman times or even earlier, for example, Paleolithic. Those species that do not have a shell usually do not leave an archeological or fossil record, and therefore it is not always possible to determine whether they are native or introduced. Species are considered to be native, unless otherwise indicated on the list; this information is taken from Kerney, 1999.
Note: the images used to illustrate the list are mostly of specimens that were found in other countries.
Gastropoda.
The following gastropods are pulmonates:
List of "hothouse alien" species.
This group of exotic land and freshwater species are not truly part of the fauna because they do not live in the wild. Many are tropical and thus are incapable of surviving in the wild in Great Britain; instead they have established themselves as uninvited inhabitants of greenhouses, aquaria within greenhouses, and similar artificially-heated habitats.

</doc>
<doc id="19881140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19881140" title="Harry LaForme">
Harry LaForme

Harry Smith LaForme (born October 31, 1946) is a Canadian judge. 
A member of the Mississaugas people, LaForme is the first appellate court judge in Canadian history with a First Nations background. He has served as the Commissioner of the Indian Commission of Ontario; as the Chair of the Royal Commission on Aboriginal Land Claims; and – until his resignation in October 2008 – as head of the Indian Residential Schools Truth and Reconciliation Commission.
LaForme "graduated from Osgoode Hall Law School in 1977 and was called to the Ontario Bar in 1979."
In 2002, LaForme served on the Ontario Divisional Court panel that ruled that denying same-sex couples the right to marry was a violation of their civil rights; his suggestion – that marriage be redefined – was subsequently adopted by the Court of Appeal for Ontario.
Career.
After graduating from law School in Toronto in 1977, he articled at Osler, Hoskin and Harcourt and was called to the Ontario Bar in 1979. He joined the firm's corporate commercial law practice briefly as an associate, and then started his own practice to focus on Aboriginal law. During that time, he litigated and was known for constitutional law and the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms. He appeared before all levels of court and represented Aboriginal interests throughout Canada and abroad, including in Geneva, Switzerland, New Zealand, and the British Parliament.
Justice LaForme was appointed Commissioner of the Indian Commission of Ontario in 1989 and then Chief Commissioner of the Federal Indian Claims Commission from 1992 to 1994. From October 1989 to June 1990 Justice LaForme also co-chaired the independent National Chiefs Task Force on Native Land Claims. 
He taught at Osgoode Hall Law School in 1992 and 1993, after which he was appointed to serve as an Ontario Court of Justice (General Division) Judge in 1994. At the time, only two other Aboriginal people had ever been appointed to this level of trial court in Canada. Justice LaForme was appointed to the Ontario Court of Appeal in 2004, being the first Aboriginal person ever to sit on any appellate court in Canada. He left the Court of Appeal to serve as first Chair named to the Indian Residential Schools Truth and Reconciliation Commission regarding Aboriginal peoples. On October 20, 2008 he resigned citing insubordination and returned to the Court of Appeal for Ontario, where he currently sits as a supernumerary judge.
Honours.
Justice LaForme's own Aboriginal people have recognized his accomplishments with honours such as the 1997 National Aboriginal Achievement Award in the area of Law and Justice and presenting him with at least 6 Eagle Feathers, which symbolize the virtues of honesty, integrity, and respect. Aboriginal elders bestowed these and other honours upon Justice LaForme on different occasions, including when he was sworn in as an Appellate Judge. 
In 2007, a $500 first year law student bursary was established in his name at the University of Windsor. Justice LaForme was an Olympic Torch carrier for the 2010 Canada Winter Olympic Games.

</doc>
<doc id="19881159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19881159" title="José Manuel Cruzalta">
José Manuel Cruzalta

José Manuel Cruzalta Cruz (born April 8, 1978 in Tenancingo, Estado de México), is a retired Mexican football defender. He made his debut with Toluca on February 14, 2001 in a 3-1 loss against Tecos UAG.
Cruzalta also splited time with Toluca's farm team, Atlético Mexiquense, where he served as the team's captain.

</doc>
<doc id="19881161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19881161" title="Metabacterium">
Metabacterium

Metabacterium polyspora is an unusual multiple endospore-producing bacterium isolated from the cecum of guinea pigs. This bacterium is physically similar to the phylogenetically related surgeonfish intestinal symbiont "Epulopiscium fishelsoni".

</doc>
<doc id="19881193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19881193" title="Chris Vincent (motorcycle sidecar racer)">
Chris Vincent (motorcycle sidecar racer)

Chris Vincent (born 1935 in Birmingham, West Midlands) is a former motorcycle sidecar road racer who was very successful in short-circuit (tarmac) racing in the 1960s and early 1970s. He entered Grands Prix using BSA, BMW and URS engines. He also rode solo motorcycles, particularly in the smaller race classes and production-machine categories.
Early days.
Vincent left school at the age of fifteen and joined the BSA factory situated in Birmingham. In 1954 he joined the Norton race shop and started racing in speedway and on grass using a speedway machine with a J.A.P engine, later replaced by BSA engines. Whilst working for Norton, Vincent came into contact with established sidecar racer Cyril Smith and became interested in sidecars, later becoming grasstrack National Sidecar Champion in 1958.
Road Racing career.
Before becoming well-known through road-racing in the 1960s, Vincent returned to work for BSA as a bike-tester in the Birmingham area involving road testing for performance and economy including regular stints at the MIRA proving ground.
After racing on grass-tracks and speedway, he graduated to tarmac courses in 1959 on a BSA. He raced a solo BSA Road Rocket in the Thruxton 500 mile endurance race partnered by Norman Storer finishing seventh, and again a BSA C15 in the 1961 Silverstone 1000 endurance event, partnered by Bert Morris, finishing with speedway and selling his outfit in 1961.
Vincent campaigned the early BSA A7 500  cc pre-unit construction engined sidecar outfits and then later the unit-construction A50 engines when these became available after 1962. During the 1960s some sidecar races particularly those carrying World Championship status including the TT were restricted to 500  cc, whereas the UK national series races had classes where 650  cc (BSA A65 in Chris' case) and larger engines were used.
He is associated with popularising the true 'kneeler' concept, and although this was earlier attributed to Eric Oliver who used a "semi-kneeler" in the 1950s, Chris' own frame designs enabled a sidecar outfit with a much lower frontal area and smaller proportions hence better streamlining and lower centre of gravity which is fundamental for high-speed cornering. Vincent believed his road-racing success was in part due to his experiences on grass giving him an advantage over many of his rivals, stating ""Where I have an advantage over many of my rivals is on corners. The power comes in much sooner and my grass track experience has taught me how to avoid and get out of trouble"".
Chris later used the only reliable, competitive engine for Grands Prix and UK 500cc events, the flat-twin BMW RS54 Rennsport
During the middle 1960s, sidecar riders sought to achieve greater engine capacities and basic raw power. This included use of car engines and three-wheeled, car-type layouts driving a pair of front wheels.
He started to develop a new concept with a repositioned Rennsport BMW engine. Instead of a shaft driving the rear wheel, it would drive the front and sidecar wheels. The outfit was soon 'outlawed' by the FIM, the European road-race regulatory body, as the front and rear wheels (non-sidecar) were designed to be out-of-line, hence deemed to be a three-wheeler (or "cyclecar"), causing Vincent to revert to his 'old', conventional outfit.
For the 1972 season Vincent used a Munch-URS engine based on a Helmut Fath design. He finished fourth in the Championship with a win at the Finnish Grand Prix held at Imatra.
Before the start of the 1973 season, Munch backer American George Bell pulled the finance from the race team, putting the project up for sale, leaving Vincent without machinery. Vincent retired from competition in 1974 after campaigning a Yamaha-engined outfit, although he continues to ride in demonstration events.
Personal life.
During the 1980s Chris had a motor cycle shop in Earl Shilton, Leicestershire where he still lives
His sons Max (born 1969) and Jason (born 1972) were both established as solo motorcycle road-racers by the 1990 season. Jason 'Jay' Vincent was a successful racer at national, international and world level during the 1990s and continuing into 2000s, scoring points in the British round of 2001 500cc GP at Donington Park on a Red Bull Yamaha when standing-in for injured Garry McCoy, having been released by his Pulse team for the event. He retired at the end of 2006 season
Always a motor enthusiast, during the 1990s Chris had an American Vixen motorhome (a compact-size, high-quality, low-volume production, low exterior profile, coachbuilt camper with a BMW diesel engine) and owned Brough Superior vintage motorcycles.

</doc>
<doc id="19881197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19881197" title="Waneta">
Waneta

Waneta (ca. 1795-1848), also Wahneta, was a Yanktonai Dakota chief.
Biography.
Waneta, a Yanktonai Dakota, was born about 1795 in what is now Brown County, South Dakota. He joined his father in siding with the British against the United States during the War of 1812. He fought at the siege of Fort Meigs in 1813 and at Sandusky and was wounded in the latter battle.
After the war, the British rewarded Waneta for his loyalty by presenting him with a captain's commission. He subsequently visited England and remained sympathetic to the British until 1820, when an abortive expedition against Fort Snelling resulted in a change of heart. Thereafter, he gave wholehearted support to American interests.
A prominent chief of the Dakota people, Waneta signed a trade treaty with the Americans on 25 July 1825. On 17 August 1825 he signed the first Treaty of Prairie du Chien which fixed the boundaries of Sioux territory.
Waneta died in 1848 at the mouth of the Warreconne River, the present Beaver Creek in what is now Emmons County, North Dakota.
Namesake.
Two United States Navy ships have been named USS "Wahneta" and one has been named USS "Waneta" in honor of Waneta.
Waneta Hall, a residence hall at South Dakota State University, was named in honor of Chief Waneta in 1959. This renewed a pattern of alliteration to name buildings using words from the Lakota language. Three other residence halls on the campus had earlier been named Wenona (meaning first-born daughter) Hall, (1917), Wecota (meaning second-born daughter) Hall (1919) and Wecota Annex (1940). Wenona and Wecota Halls are now used as office buildings and have been placed on the National Register of Historic Places listings in Brookings County, South Dakota. Wecota Annex has also become an office building; it was last used for housing students during the 2012-13 academic year. Waneta Hall continues to be used as a residence for students as of 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="19881205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19881205" title="Number 1 (Big Bang album)">
Number 1 (Big Bang album)

Number 1 was the first Japanese album by the South Korean boy band Big Bang, released by YG Entertainment and Universal Music Japan in Japan. Some of the songs were written and composed by the members themselves, most notably G-Dragon. The album includes the group's first two mini-albums in Japan and songs from their third mini-album in South Korea. Noticeably, this album is primarily in English and includes versions of songs previously released in Korean.

</doc>
<doc id="19881236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19881236" title="Capilla, Badajoz">
Capilla, Badajoz

Capilla is a Spanish municipality in the province of Badajoz, Extremadura. It has a population of 189 (2007) and an area of 147 km².

</doc>
<doc id="19881262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19881262" title="Arthur White (Canadian politician)">
Arthur White (Canadian politician)

Arthur Walter Adams White (October 10, 1907 – July 9, 1973) was a Canadian lawyer and politician.
White was born in East Zorra Township to James and Floria White (née Adams). His parents had emigrated from England in 1903 and moved to Galt (now Cambridge, Ontario) in 1908, when Arthur was a year old. Arthur White attended the Galt Collegiate Institute and St. Michael's College School in Toronto. He went on to earn a B.A. from the University of Toronto and obtained a law degree from Osgoode Hall in 1938.
White established a legal practice in Galt in 1939, and became involved in civic life. In the 1953 federal election, he was elected under the Liberal Party of Canada banner to represent the riding of Waterloo South. Defeated in the 1957 election, he returned to Galt politics and as a member of the Parks Board campaigned fiercely for Galt's 1959 purchase of the farm which is now Churchill Park.
Arthur White Street in Cambridge, Ontario is named for him.

</doc>
<doc id="19881280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19881280" title="Miguel Almazán">
Miguel Almazán

Miguel Ángel Almazán Quiróz (born May 6, 1982 in Mexico City, Mexico), is a Mexican football defender. He is currently playing for Club Toluca, the team that debuted him on April 20, 2002 in a 2-2 tie against Cruz Azul. He so far has made 80 appearances with the team, and has scored on two occasions.

</doc>
<doc id="19881315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19881315" title="Corte de Peleas">
Corte de Peleas

Corte de Peleas is a Spanish municipality in the province of Badajoz, Extremadura. It has a population of 1,257 (2007) and an area of 42.3 km².

</doc>
<doc id="19881359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19881359" title="1953 in comics">
1953 in comics


</doc>
<doc id="19881361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19881361" title="Bashir Ahmed Sarki">
Bashir Ahmed Sarki

Bashir Sarki, full name Haji Bashir Ahmed Sarki, was born in the small town of Thul on 13 March 1951, and belongs to the udi village in Jacobabad (Sindhi: جیکب آباد) Sindh, Pakistan. Its geographical coordinates are 28° 12' 0" North, 68° 47' 0" East and its original name (with diacritics) is Udi. He is considered to be one of the most powerful Feudal Lords of the district and belongs from the historic Sarki dynasty of Sindh, which was formerly known as the Sharqi empire of Jaunpur. He holds a title of Vadera, meaning Lord, which he inherited from his forefathers, who were once the rulers of Jaunpur, which is now a part of India. He is reported to be the key person behind the major political decisions taken in the locality.
Early life and political career.
He began his political career from the age of 24 behind the leadership of Zulfikar Ali Bhutto, former President and Prime minister of Pakistan. He was the covering candidate of the Pakistan Peoples Party candidate Mir Hassan Khosa in the 1988 election and was later appointed as the Chairman of Treasury for Thul taluka in 1990. He was elected as the central President of Pakistan Peoples Haree Committee, Sindh (PHCS) in 1998 and served on this post till 27 November 2007, when he was controversially suspended from the office by the then President of People’s Party Sindh, Syed Qaim Ali Shah who is the acting Chief Minister of Sindh, with allegations of helping his nephew and former Inter-Provincial Co-ordination minister of the centrist Pakistan Muslim League (Q), Dr. Sohrab Sarki, win the election against the candidate of PPP. He was the National Assembly of Pakistan covering candidate of the nominee Mir Hazar Khan Bijarani in the constituency NA-209 Jacobabad-II and also the provincial assembly covering candidate of the nominee Mir Hassan Khosa, constituency PS-15 Jacobabad-III who was contesting his nephew and is seen as the person responsible for the tension between him and Syed Qaim Ali Shah.
Personal life.
Bashir Ahmed Sarki has two sons: Muhammad Waqas Sarki, Muhammad Shaheryar Sarki and one daughter. His eldest son, Shaheryar Sarki, is a doctor and lives in Chicago whereas his youngest son, Wakas Sarki is a barrister from Lincoln's Inn, and is currently based in London.

</doc>
<doc id="19881366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19881366" title="Southcoast247">
Southcoast247

Southcoast247, a subsidiary of the SouthCoast Media Group, is an arts & entertainment magazine and online web site based in New Bedford, Massachusetts.
Online.
Southcoast247.com launched on October 4, 2004 to "fill in the gap for a comprehensive Arts & Entertainment site to serve the 18-34 year old demographic of the SouthCoast region of Massachusetts." Southcoast247.com covers a wide spectrum of entertainment, both locally and nationally, including music, movies, technology, arts, sports, and fashion. In July 2009, its staff was liquidated. Today, the South Coast Media Group largely uses the brand to recycle mainstream media content.
Print.
The first issue of Southcoast247 PRINT was released in September 2007. The magazine is a free monthly publication available in 12 Southeastern Massachusetts towns and cities. The final issue was released in January, 2009. [http://www.southcoasttoday.com/apps/pbcs.dll/article?AID=/20080331/SC24701/80331016/-1/SC247]
In January 2009, Southcoast247 PRINT was cancelled due to budget cuts. Southcoast247 is now a web portal used to recycle South Coast Today content.

</doc>
<doc id="19881398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19881398" title="Ernst August Wagner">
Ernst August Wagner

Ernst August Wagner (September 22, 1874 – April 27, 1938) was a German mass murderer who, on September 4, 1913 killed his wife and four children in Degerloch and subsequently drove to Mühlhausen an der Enz where he set several fires and shot 20 people, of whom at least 9 died, before he was beaten unconscious by furious villagers and left for dead.
After several psychiatric assessments diagnosed him to suffer from paranoia, and thus becoming the first person in Württemberg to be found not guilty by reason of insanity, he was brought to an asylum in Winnenthal, where he commenced to write several plays and dramas. He died there of tuberculosis in 1938.
Life.
Ernst August Wagner was born on September 22, 1874 in Eglosheim near Ludwigsburg as the ninth of ten children, not including one half-brother and half-sister. Most of his siblings died early, so that in 1913 only two sisters and one brother remained. After his father, a poor peasant with drinking problems, died one day before Ernst Wagner's second birthday, the indebted family was forced to sell their farm. His mother tried to make a living by running a small shop; she soon remarried, but due to Mrs. Wagner's many affairs, the marriage ended in divorce when Ernst was seven years old.
Ernst Wagner, who was known as the "widow's boy" in the village, suffered from depression and suicidal thoughts, though he was quite intelligent and did well enough at school to earn a public stipend. In this way, despite his poverty, he was able to study and become a teacher. After his qualifying exam, he worked as an auxiliary teacher at several schools in Württemberg from 1894 to 1901, though in April 1900 he was suspended for six months because of "severe nervousness and irritability". He then went to Switzerland for two months, where he tried to sell some of his poems to newspapers.
In July 1901, Wagner was assigned a teaching position in Mühlhausen an der Enz, where he stayed until 1902. Sometime in the summer of 1901, while drunk, he sodomized an animal. He then became increasingly wary and suspicious that others might be aware of his deed, and began to see signs and hints that the villagers of Mühlhausen were mocking him for this act of bestiality. For this reason, he bought a revolver, which he always carried with him from that point on so that he could evade a potential arrest. 
That same year, Wagner began an affair with Anna Friedericke Schlecht, the daughter of a local innkeeper. He hated the Schlecht family, thinking that his future father-in-law despised him, and tried to avoid marrying Anna, but when she became pregnant by him and gave birth to a daughter, Klara, in the spring of 1902, marriage became a foregone conclusion.
In December 1902, Wagner's mother, to whom he felt deeply attached, died. He took his final examination as a teacher and was transferred to Radelstetten, a poor and isolated village. Although he was embittered to be ordered to such a puny place, it also temporarily eased his feelings of constant persecution, even though the incident of sodomy continued to haunt him. On December 29, 1903 he and Anna Schlecht married in Ludwigsburg, mostly due to pressure from outside, as their daughter Klara was already 10 months old. Ernst Wagner never made a secret out of the fact that he didn't love his wife anymore and thought that she was intellectually inferior to him, considering her to be more of a servant than his wife. Though Wagner's friends also stated that he always treated her kindly.
In the summer of 1904 he once again went to Switzerland, trying twice to commit suicide there, once by drowning himself and by jumping off a bridge, though both attempts failed, because he was, according to his own words, "too weak". In the following years his wife bore four more children, the last being Rudoplh Alfred Wagner, born in July 1909, who died on September 22 of the same year, Ernst Wagner's 35th birthday, who apparently was quite indifferent to the death of his son. Wagner was said to have been unhappy about the births of his children and complained about the financial stress the feeding of his large family caused.
Some time in 1906 or 1907, thinking that the people from Mühlhausen had passed on their knowledge about his crime, the feelings of being ridiculed and watched by others returned, and as a consequence he began to make plans to take revenge on those whom he deemed to be the cause of his misery, the villagers, and especially the men, of Mühlhausen. In autumn 1907 he bought the first Mauser pistol, the other one following in 1909 and, with his bicycle, which he loved more than anyone or anything else, he made extensive journeys through the surrounding area and trained his shooting skills in remote forests.
Between 1909 and 1911 he made several requests to be transferred to another school, which was finally granted, so that on May 1, 1912 he began his work at a school in Degerloch, a suburb of Stuttgart. At that time he also decided to go ahead with his plan to avenge the derision he had to endure, as even at his new workplace he saw hints of people "knowing", and initially chose the spring of 1913 to put it into practice, but finally determined the last days of the summer holidays for his revenge. In the days leading to the murders he wrote several letters to explain his deed.
Family murders.
Wagner began his killing spree on September 4, 1913 at about 5 a.m., when he knocked his sleeping wife unconscious by hitting her on the head with a blackjack, before stabbing her numerous times in her throat and chest with a dagger, cutting her carotid arteries and hitting her heart and lungs. Afterwards he successively entered the bedrooms of his two sons, Robert and Richard, and his daughters, Klara and Elsa, and stabbed each of them in their throat and chest. Wagner initially claimed that he had also hit his children with the blackjack, though later he was uncertain of this. All of his victims died of massive haemorrhaging.
After covering his family members' bodies with blankets, Wagner got out of his blood-soaked nightshirt and washed himself, before packing a bag with three guns (two Mauser C96 and a small revolver), 500 rounds of ammunition, a black veil from his wife and a belt. He subsequently left his home, leaving a note at his own door that the family was jaunting to Ludwigsburg, as well as another one at the door of Mrs. Stepper, the proprietor of the house he was living in, ordering milk and leaving behind 35 pfennige as payment. 
With his cycle he then drove towards Stuttgart and took a train to Ludwigsburg, where he bought a backpack, before making his way to his brother's home in Eglosheim, arriving there at about 11 a.m.
As his brother was not at home, Wagner chatted a while with his wife, telling her he wanted to spend the night at their home after fetching his children from Mühlhausen, and, as it could get late, the house should stay accessible to him during the night. In an unobserved moment he hid 228 rounds in a haystack in the garden. Wagner, accompanied by his nephew and niece, walked to the next train station, where he took a train to Bietigheim at about 1 p.m. From there he took off towards Großsachsenheim, where he mailed letters to several people, among them some of his relatives (one of them, addressed to his sister, simply reading "Take poison! Ernst" ("Nimm Gift! Ernst")) and theologist and philosopher Christoph Schrempf, as well as a newspaper. Subsequently he returned to Bietigheim, where he got his bicycle checked by a mechanic and mailed two copies of his auto-biography, one again to Christoph Schrempf. At about 7 p.m. he left for Mühlhausen an der Enz.
Shooting spree.
Wagner reached the hills near Mühlhausen at about 11 p.m., where he girdled himself with the belt, put a cap on his head and took the two Mauser C96s, as well as a handbag containing ammunition, the black veil and a file. His bicycle and the small revolver were later found hidden in a corn field. Next Wagner set out to cut the telephone lines to the village, but as the poles looked too high to him and due to heavy rain that had set in by that time, he dropped that part of his plan and immediately went into Mühlhausen, where he set fire to four barns. The lower part of his face hidden with the veil he began walking through the streets, shooting at any male person that crossed his path. Wagner later claimed that his female victims were accidentally hit.
In total he spent about 80 rounds and shot 20 people, instantly killing eight of them, as well as two animals, and several buildings burned to the ground, before the villagers, with help of the military, managed to extinguish the fires. A ninth person, Jakob Knötzele, was mortally wounded and died a few hours after the shooting had ended. At one point Wagner forgot to reload his weapons and thus three men were able to strike him down with hoes and sabres. He suffered several wounds in his face and right hand, and his left hand was smashed and nearly cut off. Knocked unconscious, he was disarmed and left for dead, but at 2 a.m. a police officer found him lying on the street, still breathing. When he regained consciousness, Wagner immediately confessed to killing his family, and stated that he would have committed suicide in the end, but as this was now impossible, he would appreciate, if he'd be sentenced to death and decapitated.
Finally, in the evening of September 5, Wagner, who uttered concerns he might get ill if he'd stay too long in Mühlhausen, was brought to a hospital in Vaihingen, where his left forearm was amputated and his other wounds treated.

</doc>
<doc id="19881422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19881422" title="Conversion of Chełm Eparchy">
Conversion of Chełm Eparchy

The Conversion of Chełm Eparchy, which occurred from January to May 1875, refers to the generally forced conversion of the last Uniate Eparchy in the Russian Empire, which was centered in the Volhynian city of Chełm ("Kholm"), to the Orthodox faith.
Background.
In 988 East Slavic state of Kievan Rus' was converted to the Eastern form of Christianity by Vladimir I of Kiev. Following the East-West Schism between the Roman and Byzantine Churches, the form of Christianity that Kievan Rus followed became known as Eastern Orthodox Church. In 1241, Kievan Rus was conquered by the Mongols. Over the centuries, the parts of Rus that would one day become Ukraine and Belarus were absorbed by the Poland. Within the mostly Roman Catholic Polish state, the native Orthodox population and Church of the former lands of Ruthenia were pressured to transfer their allegiance from the Patriarch of Constantinople to the Pope of Rome. Between 1595-1596, the Union of Brest saw the creation of the Uniate Church (later the Ukrainian Greek Catholic Church) in Ruthenia. Like other Eastern Catholic Churches, the Uniate Church maintained the liturgical, theological and devotional traditions of the Orthodox Church despite its new allegiance to Rome.
When the Russian Empire gained the territories of Belarus, Ukraine and Poland through a series of wars and Partitions of Poland that lasted from the 17th through the end of the eighteenth centuries, the Uniate Church was systematically absorbed by the Russian Orthodox Church, and in 1839 abolished altogether with the Synod of Polotsk. However, the latter event did not affect the Eparchy of Chelm. Thus after the November Uprising in 1831, the Synod of Polotsk which disestablished the Uniate church outside the Kingdom of Poland did not affect Eparchy of Chełm.
The greater longevity of the Uniate Church in this region was attributed to several factors. The Eparchy's territory came under Russian control later than did any other Uniate territories ultimately absorbed by Russia (1815 unlike 1795). During the Third Partition of Poland in 1795, it was granted to Austria. Only two decades later, after the Russian victory in the Napoleonic Wars did it become part of Russia. Also, unlike other Uniate regions within the Russian Empire, it had been part of the autonomous Congress Poland. Another factor affecting the Uniate Church's longevity was its deep roots in the local population, which unlike other Uniate territory was deeply mixed with Poles and Ukrainians both ethnically and culturally. Both groups in the Chełm region tended to view the Russian authorities as their mutual enemy. The Tsarist pressure on the Polish population, was also applied differently than that on right-bank of the Bug. The use of Polish hymns, organs, and rosaries within the Uniate eparchy was considered a matter of pride, and attempts by Russian officials to curtail their use were defiantly ignored.
In contrast to the pro-Polish attitude of many of Chełm's Uniate parishioners and clergy, during the mid-nineteenth century the Uniate Church of neighboring Galicia was dominated by anti-Polish Russophiles (for more information about them, see Ukrainian Russophiles) Galician Russophile priests, recruited in Vienna by the Russian embassy and in Lviv by Yakov Golovatsky, the Russophile president of the University, were encouraged to accept posts in Chełm by the Russian government, which provided them with higher salaries and more prestiguous positions than they could expect in Galicia itself. The newcomers were often opposed by the local people of Chełm, and petitions to the last Uniate Bishop complained of "Galician wolves". The Russophile Galician priests would play a major role in the conversion of Chełm Eparchy.
Conversion.
By the end of the 1860s, political circumstances had changed. In 1865, following a failed uprising against Russia by Poles, the autonomous Congress Poland was abolished. After having struggled with Russian authorities, the Uniate bishop Mikhail Kuzemsky issued a letter of resignation and left Chełm. His resignation was not accepted by the Vatican, while the Russian authorities appointed a Galician Russophile priest, Markell Popel, as administrator of the Eparchy, despite Popel living in open concubinage.
The Conversion to Orthodoxy was immediately preceded by the "purification" the Chełm eparchy of all Latin rituals from the Liturgy, ordered by Popel in October 1873. Initially, it was ignored by many priests, until the Russian state ordered them to sign a declaration that they would abide by the new rules by the New Year of 1874. Over twenty priests refused, and were either arrested or escaped to Galicia. Resistance to the changes was widespread among the people, particularly in the northern areas of the eparchy. In numerous parishes, the priests attempting to implement the reforms were dragged out of the church or their belongings were packed outside the rectory. Russian police and Cossacks were used to force the parishioners to accept the new rules; parishioners were sometimes beaten or shot. The struggle over ritual has been described as being comparable to that of the Old Believer schism, and one case of self-immolation was recorded.
The purification having been completed by the end of 1874, from January 1875 until May of that year all of the parishes proclaimed their union with the Orthodox Church. The Uniate eparchy was dissolved and incorporated into the newly created Orthodox eparchy of Chełm and Warsaw, with Bishop Popel becoming suffragan bishop of Lublin resident in Chełm. The Chełm clergy was purged of most of its native priests, who were replaced by emigrating anti-Polish Russophile priests from eastern Galicia. In March 1881, out of 291 Orthodox priests in the former eparchy, 95 were native Chełm priests who had converted, 53 were Orthodox priests who had moved into the Eparchy from elsewhere, and 143 were Galicians. Sixty-six native Chełm priests who refused to convert fled to Galicia, 74 were exiled to Russia proper or imprisoned, and seven died as martyrs. During the struggle over purification and conversion, a total of 600 faithful were deported and 108 lost their lives.
Aftermath.
In Galicia, the forced conversion of Chełm was met with support on the part of the Russophiles and indifference among other segments of the Ukrainian population. Despite their opposition to the Russophiles, Galician Ukrainophiles were themselves supportive of Purification of Latin rituals and unsympathetic to the pro-Polish Chełm priests. The Russophiles succeeded in preventing most exiled priests from Chełm from obtaining positions in Galician Uniate parishes.
The unpopularity of the conversion within Chełm had been strong enough that when, a generation later in 1905, following the Russian Revolution of 1905 in which the Tsar issued a series of liberalisation policies under which the formally Orthodox population of Chełm was allowed to return to Catholicism, 170,000 out of 450,000 Orthodox did so by 1908 despite the Russian authorities only allowing conversion to the Latin Rite.
In 1912 the Imperial authorities created a new Kholm Governorate, split from Congress Poland, to facilitate Russification and conversion of the non-Eastern Orthodox Christians.
Following World War I, Chełm was incorporated into the Second Polish Republic and this time the Orthodox population was persecuted, bearing the brunt of Polonization efforts. After World War II, Chełm was retained by the Polish People's Republic and, by irony, today it is a strong centre for the non-Galician Ukrainian culture and the Polish Orthodox Church.

</doc>
<doc id="19881459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19881459" title="Tornado Mania!">
Tornado Mania!

Tornado Mania! is a mobile game developed by Digital Chocolate. Players assume the role of a scientist who has decided to create his own Utopia by collecting buildings with the tornadoes he creates.
Gameplay.
Players assume the role of a scientist who has grown weary of the world who decides to create his own isolated Utopia. The game's 'Utopia Mode' combines elements of "Katamari Damacy" and "Sim City"; after buildings have been claimed by the player's tornado they are placed in the target location, optimal placement increases the Utopia's inhabitants' happiness. Players do not have direct control over the tornado's path; it sweeps across the landscape in a clockwise arc, players can alter the direction of movement by reversing to counter-clockwise movement.
Reception.
"Tornado Mania!" received a positive response from game critics, including being awarded a perfect 10/10 and IGN's game of the month award for December 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19881462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19881462" title="United States House of Representatives election in the United States Virgin Islands, 2008">
United States House of Representatives election in the United States Virgin Islands, 2008

The 2008 Congressional election for the Delegate from the United States Virgin Islands was held on November 4, 2008.
The non-voting delegate to the United States House of Representatives from the United States Virgin Islands is elected for two-year terms. The winner of the race will serve in the 111th Congress from January 3, 2009 until January 3, 2011. The election coincided with the 2008 U.S. presidential election.
Candidates.
Incumbent U.S. Virgin Islands Delegate Donna Christian-Christensen announced that she intended to seek a fourth term in the United States House of Representatives. Her announcement of her decision to seek re-election came in a press conference held at her congressional district office in Sunny Isle, United States Virgin Islands, on January 10, 2008.
Christensen, who has held the seat since 1996, easily won re-election in the previous contest in 2006. She received 66% of the vote in 2006, in contrast to her nearest rival, Warren Mosler, who garnered 29% of the vote.
Christensen was running unopposed in the 2008 Congressional election. This all but guaranteed her successful re-election to the House of Representatives. As such, Christensen was re-elected again with almost 99% of the popular vote.

</doc>
<doc id="19881489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19881489" title="CECAFA U-17 Championship">
CECAFA U-17 Championship

The CECAFA U-17 Championship is a football tournament organized by CECAFA. Held annually, it includes national under 17 teams from East and Central Africa.
Past winners.
1: The tournament was to be hosted in 2008 but CECAFA could not raise enough money so the tournament was delayed a year.

</doc>
<doc id="19881498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19881498" title="Wazbones">
Wazbones

Wazbones is a 1995 album by Tigertailz. Originally recorded in 1994, with line-up consisting in Kim Hooker (vocals), Pepsi Tate (bass), Jay Pepper (guitar) and Andy Skinner (drums), replacing Ace Finchum who quit in 1993. They were signed to Amuse America, but the company dropped them. Pepper left, being replaced by Cy Dahnar. The band continued but they changed their name to Wazbones, and re-recorded the original album.
The sound is a drastic change to their previous work, dealing with some kind of mid-tempo Thrash metal, but in the vein of their previous work with power ballads, and for moments emulating Slayer. 

</doc>
<doc id="19881510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19881510" title="Ruth J. Person">
Ruth J. Person

Dr. Ruth J. Person is the first woman and the seventh chancellor of the University of Michigan–Flint.

</doc>
<doc id="19881589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19881589" title="Norquist">
Norquist

Norquist is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="19881596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19881596" title="2007 CECAFA U-17 Championship">
2007 CECAFA U-17 Championship

The first edition of the CECAFA U-17 Tournament, all games were played at Bujumbura in Burundi
References.
http://www.rsssf.com/tablesc/cecafa-u17-07.html

</doc>
<doc id="19881601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19881601" title="Pedro Dellacha">
Pedro Dellacha

Pedro Rodolfo Dellacha (9 July 1926, Lanús – 31 July 2010) was an Argentine football defender and coach. He was the captain of the Argentina national team that won the 1957 Copa América and earned the nickname "Don Pedro del Area". As a manager he won the Copa Libertadores twice and league championships in four different countries.
Playing career.
Dellacha joined Quilmes Atlético Club in 1945, and in 1947 he made his debut for the first team. He was part of the squad that won the Primera B championship and promotion to the Argentine Primera in 1949. he played with the club until 1951, making a total of 141 appearances.
In 1952, Dellacha joined Racing Club where he went on to make 184 appearances and help the club to win the 1958 league championship.
In 1953, he appeared in the film "El hijo del crack".
Dellacha played 35 times for the Argentina national team between 1953 and 1958. he played in three editions of the Copa América winning the tournament twice in 1955 and 1957. In 1957 he was the captain of the team and was awarded the Olimpia de Oro for his role in leading them to victory. He also played in the 1958 FIFA World Cup.
Dellacha finished his playing career in Mexico with Club Necaxa.
Managerial career.
Dellacha went on to become a successful football manager, he won league titles in four different countries (Argentina, Uruguay, Colombia and Peru) and led Independiente to two Copa Libertadores championships in 1972 and 1975.
Honours.
As a manager.
Peruvian Primera División: 1992

</doc>
<doc id="19881602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19881602" title="100 Orders">
100 Orders

The 100 Orders are "binding instructions or directives to the Iraqi people that create penal consequences or have a direct bearing on the way Iraqis are regulated, including changes to Iraqi law" created in early 2010 by Paul Bremer under the Coalition Provisional Authority in Iraq. The orders called for the de-Baathification of Iraq as well as extensive economic changes. Most of the economic changes are focused on transitioning the economy of Iraq from a centrally planned economy to a market economy, as outlined in the contract by BearingPoint:
"It should be clearly understood that the efforts undertaken will be designed to establish the basic legal framework for a functioning market economy; taking appropriate advantage of the unique opportunity for rapid progress in this area presented by the current configuration of political circumstances... Reforms are envisioned in the areas of fiscal reform, financial sector reform, trade, legal and regulatory, and privatization."
Controversy.
Without a doubt, the 100 Orders fundamentally altered Iraq's existing laws. For this reason, the 100 Orders are also illegal by international law. The Hague Regulations of 1907, and the U.S. Army's Field Manual 27-10 ("The Law of Land Warfare") both limit the degree of transformation of an occupied country's laws.

</doc>
<doc id="19881606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19881606" title="Will T. Scott">
Will T. Scott

Will T. Scott (born 1947) is an Associate Justice of the Kentucky Supreme Court. He was elected in November 2004 to represent the 7th Supreme Court District, which consists of 22 counties in Eastern Kentucky. Effective July 1, 2006, Justice Scott replaced Justice Martin E. Johnstone (who retired June 30, 2006) as Deputy Chief Justice of the Supreme Court. Then-Chief Justice Joseph Lambert conducted the formal swearing-in ceremony for Deputy Chief Justice Scott on July 17, 2006. Scott served as Deputy Chief Justice from 2004-2010. Scott was a candidate for US Representative from Kentucky's 7th congressional district in 1988 and 1990. A Vietnam veteran, he is a recipient of the Bronze Star Medal.

</doc>
<doc id="19881626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19881626" title="Isaac Opus">
Isaac Opus

Isaac Opus is a R&B and hip-hop record producer and singer who was born in Miami and was raised in Fort Lauderdale. Popularly known for his remix release of the Jay-Z "American Gangster" Album, known as "American Gangster: Unfinished Bizness" along with the newest Diddy single "Diddy Boppin" on the up-and-coming album Last Train to Paris which is scheduled to be released in September 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19881652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19881652" title="Pediatric spaying">
Pediatric spaying

Pediatric spaying (also known as “prepuberal” or “early” spaying) or neutering is defined as performing an ovariohysterectomy (spaying) or orchidectomy (castration or neutering) on a kitten or puppy between the ages of 6 and 14 weeks. Spaying and neutering are sterilization procedures which prevent the animals from reproducing. The procedures are also referred to as “gonadectomies” in the veterinary literature.
Background.
It was once believed that female cats and dogs should not be spayed until the animal delivered one litter or, at least, experienced one estrus or “heat” cycle. (There was little concern about neutering males, other than for behavioral reasons, since males do not get pregnant.) Research in the 1960s proved that female animals permitted to reach sexual maturity prior to being spayed were susceptible to a higher risk of mammary cancer than those animals spayed prior to their first cycle. As a result, the recommendation was revised to perform surgeries just prior to the average anticipated age for the first cycle, 4 to 6 months for cats and 6 to 12 months for dogs.
Research from the 1990s and early 2000s suggests that it is safe, and maybe even desirable, to perform sterilization surgeries prior to sexual maturity and as early as 6 weeks old.
Rationale
Preventing breeding through sterilization is considered one approach to controlling the population and reducing the number of animals surrendered to shelters, thus reducing the number of healthy but homeless animals killed in shelters. Animal shelters typically have policies requiring adopters to spay or neuter cats and dogs after adoption but compliance rates are usually low. While a majority of adopted animals are eventually sterilized, many females have a litter prior to the surgery.
Shelters that have access to spay/neuter services and participate in pediatric spay/neuter programs can ensure that nearly 100% of adopted animals are sterilized prior to adoption.
AVMA policy on pediatric spay/neuter.
The American Veterinary Medical Association issued a policy on Early-Age (Prepubertal) Spay/Neuter of Dogs and Cats in 1994. It was revised by the AVMA Executive Board April 1999 and April 2004 and now reads as follows:
Anesthesia and surgical considerations.
Some of the concerns expressed about pediatric sterilization include the possibility of complications due to the effects of anesthesia or the surgery itself on the younger patients. For instance, younger patients have a higher oxygen consumption rate than adults requiring a higher respiratory rate. Since anesthetic drugs depress respiration, kittens and puppies must be monitored for hypoventilation.
By using recommended drugs and procedures, anesthetic and surgical risks can be reduced. Protocol was established through research by the Massachusetts SPCA and Texas A&M University which mitigates the risk involved in anesthetizing pediatric patients and includes ensuring proper doses of anesthetic agents.
Surgical techniques are similar to those used for older or adult animals. The primary areas of concern for pediatric patients are predisposition to hypothermia and hypoglycemia, relatively small volume of blood, and delicate tissues. Maintaining body heat, ensuring proper blood glucose levels by minimizing the fasting period prior to surgery, and gentle handling reduce the risks.
Veterinarians frequently report that surgery takes less time and has lower risk of hemorrhage with pediatric patients than with adults. Pediatric patients usually recover more quickly from anesthesia than adult patients, as well.
Long term heath and behavioral concerns.
In addition to the immediate concerns related to anesthesia and surgery, veterinarians expressed concern that early sterilization would result in:
Results of studies and post-operative investigations.
Controlled studies and anecdotal reports have addressed many of these issues:

</doc>
<doc id="19881653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19881653" title="Pando Networks">
Pando Networks

Founded in 2004 in New York City, Pando Networks was a managed peer-to-peer (P2P) media distribution company backed by Intel Capital, BRM Capital and Wheatley Partners. The company specialized in cloud distribution of games, video and software for publishers and media distributors and also operates a freemium consumer business for sending large files.
Pando Network's technology was based on BitTorrent but with modifications. Its hybrid P2P- and server-based network included central control over file distribution, intelligent throttling between peers and servers, reporting/analytics and security.
In the spring of 2006, the company publicly launched Pando, a small application that let consumers bypass email's attachment limits and send large files (up to 1GB) regardless of email service provider. By late May 2009, over 30 million people had installed the Pando application.
In late 2007, along with Verizon Communications, Pando Networks co-founded the P4P (“Proactive network Provider Participation for P2P”) Working Group, to serve both P2P companies and Internet service providers (ISPs), who were seeing as much of 70 percent of bandwidth go to P2P traffic. The P4P working group includes a mix of more than 50 P2P companies and ISPs including Telefónica and Comcast. A Yale computer science research team developed the P4P technical protocol, which they believed could speed P2P content delivery while lowering ISP network utilization. In collaboration with Yale and the P4P working group, Pando Networks adopted the technology and Laird Popkin coordinated a test in the summer of 2008, showing promising results.
The company released its first commercial service in May 2008; media distributors could now plug Pando Networks' peer cloud into their existing content delivery networks (CDNs). The combination of a peer cloud plus a CDN allows files in high demand to be quickly and cost effectively delivered by the peers and long tail content to be reliably served off the CDN.
NBC Universal incorporated Pando Networks’ technology later that year to deliver high-definition TV episodes to consumers’ PCs.
The game industry was Pando Networks’ largest customer segment. Installation files, particularly for massively multiplayer online games (MMOs), can reach well over 1GB. Pando Networks' game customers included Nexon, Turbine, Riot Games, Gala-Net, and LevelUp. In May 2010, Pando Networks surpassed 30 million game downloads.
Although there is a rumor from a source unrelated to Pando Networks that the company was acquired by Microsoft in 2013, neither Pando Networks nor Microsoft has ever confirmed or denied this nor specified any details.

</doc>
<doc id="19881789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19881789" title="Johnny Lee Schell">
Johnny Lee Schell

Johnny Lee Schell is an American guitarist and songwriter. In the 1970s, he premiered as a prominent member of a Texas-based southern rock band, Baby. Since his professional debut, he has played with dozens of well known recording artists. His inclusion on albums such as Bonnie Raitt's "Green Light" (1982) and "Nick of Time" (1989) has lent him his bearing in American pop music culture. Yet, Schell's works had already journeyed from the North America to Australia, when he worked with Australian soul singer Renée Geyer on her album "So Lucky" (1981). As a member of Bonnie Raitt's road band, Schell backed the Australian Geyer while recording "So Lucky" (renamed "Renee Geyer" for international market) at Shangri La studios in Malibu, California. Other members included Ian McLagan (formerly of The Faces) and drummer/producer extraordinaire Ricky Fataar.
Some of Schell's 21st century interests have included working with Memphis based Barbara Blue on her album, "Memphis 3rd and Beale" (2004), and recording Eric Burdon's albums "My Secret Life" (2004), "Soul of a Man" (2006), and co-producing "The Voice"'s Season One semi-finalist, Nakia's EP with Barry Goldberg in his own Ultratone Studios in Studio City, California. A collaborator with American actor/musician James Belushi, Schell worked as a music coordinator for the American TV sitcom "According to Jim" from 2005 to 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19881804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19881804" title="Fuze">
Fuze

In military munitions, a fuze is the part of the device that initiates function. In some applications (notably torpedoes) a fuze may be identified by function as the exploder. The term "fuze" is used to indicate a sophisticated ignition device incorporating mechanical and/or electronic components e.g. a proximity fuze for an M107 artillery shell, magnetic/acoustic fuze on a sea mine, spring-loaded grenade fuze, pencil detonator or anti-handling device.
Most English-language countries use the "z" spelling to distinguish between simple burning fuses and more complicated munition fuzes, which contain mechanical and/or electronic components, although historically this has by no means been a hard-and-fast rule, with "fuse" often used as the spelling in many sources, as the example "hand grenade fuse" shows. The relative complexity of even the earliest fuze designs (dating from circa 1915) can be seen in the cutaway diagrams at the end of this article. Modern fuzes for "smart weapons" are invariably computerised ("i.e.," incorporate microprocessors or gate arrays).
Description.
A fuze is a device used in munitions which is designed to detonate, or to set forces into action to ignite, detonate or deflagrate, the charge (or primer) under specified conditions. In contrast to a simple pyrotechnic fuse, a munitions fuze always has some form of safety/arming mechanism, designed to protect the user from premature or accidental detonation.
A munition fuze assembly may contain only the electronic or mechanical elements necessary to signal or actuate the detonator, but some fuzes contain a small amount of primary explosive to initiate the detonation. Fuze assemblies for large explosive charges may include an explosive booster.
Fuze categorization by munition type.
The situation of usage and the characteristics of the munition it is intended to activate affect the fuze design e.g. its safety and actuation mechanisms.
Artillery fuzes.
Artillery fuzes are tailored to function in the special circumstances of artillery projectiles, the relevant factors are the projectile's initial rapid acceleration, high velocity and usually rapid rotation, which affect both safety and arming requirements and options, and the target may be moving or stationary.
Artillery fuzes may be initiated by a timer mechanism, impact or detection of proximity to the target, or a combination of these.
Hand grenade fuzes.
Requirements for a hand grenade fuze are defined by the projectile's small size and slow delivery over a short distance. This necessitates manual arming before throwing as the grenade has insufficient initial acceleration for arming to be driven by "setback" and no rotation to drive arming by centrifugal force.
Aerial bomb fuzes.
These are also referred to as "pistols". The main design consideration is that the projectile is large and accelerating vertically downwards and may or may not be rotating relatively slowly.
Landmine fuzes.
The main design consideration is that the bomb the fuze is intended to actuate is stationary, and the target itself is moving in making contact.
Naval mine fuzes.
Relevant design factors are that the mine may be static or moving downward through the water, and the target is typically moving on or below the water surface, usually above the mine.
Fuze categorization by activation mechanism.
Time fuzes.
Time fuzes detonate after a set period of time by using one or more combinations of mechanical, electronic, pyrotechnic or even chemical timers. Depending on the technology used, the device may self-destruct (or render itself safe without detonation) some seconds, minutes, hours, days, or even months after being deployed.
Early artillery time fuzes were nothing more than a hole filled with gunpowder leading from the surface to the centre of the projectile. The flame from the burning of the gunpowder propellant ignited this "fuze" on firing, and burned through to the centre during flight, then igniting or exploding whatever the projectile may have been filled with. 
By the 19th century devices more recognisable as modern artillery "fuzes" were being made of carefully selected wood and trimmed to burn for a predictable time after firing. These were still typically fired from smoothbore muzzle-loaders with a relatively large gap between the shell and barrel, and still relied on flame from the gunpowder propellant charge escaping past the shell on firing to ignite the wood fuze and hence initiate the timer.
In the mid-to-late 19th century adjustable metal time fuzes, the fore-runners of today's time fuzes, containing burning gunpowder as the delay mechanism became common, in conjunction with the introduction of rifled artillery. Rifled guns introduced a tight fit between shell and barrel and hence could no longer rely on the flame from the propellant to initiate the timer. The new metal fuzes typically use the shock of firing ("setback") and/or the projectiles's rotation to "arm" the fuze and initiate the timer : hence introducing a safety factor previously absent.
During World War I mechanical i.e. clockwork time fuzes were introduced for artillery, notably by Germany, and some variants are still in use. 
As late as World War I some countries were still using hand-grenades with simple Black match fuses much like those of modern fireworks : the infantryman lit the fuse before throwing the grenade and hoped the fuse burned for the several seconds intended. These were soon superseded in 1915 by the Mills bomb, the first modern hand grenade with a relatively safe and reliable time fuze initiated by pulling out a safety pin and releasing an arming handle on throwing. 
Modern time fuzes often use an electronic delay system.
Impact fuzes.
Impact, percussion or contact fuzes detonate when their forward motion rapidly decreases, typically on physically striking an object such as the target. The detonation may be instantaneous or deliberately delayed to occur a preset fraction of a second after penetration of the target. An instantaneous "Superquick" fuze will detonate instantly on the slightest physical contact with the target. A fuze with a graze action will also detonate on change of direction caused by a slight glancing blow on a physical obstruction such as the ground.
Impact fuzes in artillery usage may be mounted in the shell nose ("point detonating") or shell base ("base detonating").
Proximity fuzes.
Proximity fuzes cause a missile warhead or other munition (e.g. air-dropped bomb or sea mine) to detonate when it comes within a certain pre-set distance of the target, or vice versa. Proximity fuzes utilize sensors incorporating one or more combinations of the following: radar, active sonar, passive acoustic, infrared, magnetic, photoelectric, seismic or even television cameras. These may take the form of an anti-handling device designed specifically to kill or severely injure anyone who tampers with the munition in some way e.g. lifting or tilting it. Regardless of the sensor used, the pre-set triggering distance is calculated such that the explosion will occur sufficiently close to the target that it is either destroyed or severely damaged.
Remote detonators.
Remote detonators use wires or radio waves to remotely command the device to detonate.
Barometric fuzes.
Barometric fuzes cause a bomb to detonate at a certain pre-set altitude above sea level by means of a radar, barometric altimeter or an infrared rangefinder.
Combination fuzes.
A fuze assembly may include more than one fuze in series or parallel arrangements. The RPG-7 usually has an impact (PIBD) fuze in parallel with a 4.5 second time fuze; so detonation occurs on impact, but not later than after 4.5 seconds. Military weapons containing explosives have fuzing systems including a series time fuze to ensure that they do not initiate (explode) prematurely within a danger distance of the munition launch platform. In general, the munition has to travel a certain distance, wait for a period of time (via clockwork, electronic or even a chemical delay), or have some form of arming pin/plug removed. Only when these processes have occurred will the arming process of the series time fuze be complete. Mines often have a parallel time fuze to detonate and destroy the mine after a pre-determined period to minimize casualties after the anticipated duration of hostilities. Detonation of modern naval mines may require simultaneous detection of a series arrangement of acoustic, magnetic, and/or pressure sensors to complicate mine-sweeping efforts.
Fuze safety/arming mechanisms.
The multiple safety/arming features in the M734 mortar fuze are representative of the sophistication of modern electronic fuzes.
Safety/arming mechanisms can be as simple as the spring-loaded safety levers on M67 or RGD-5 grenade fuzes, which will not initiate the explosive train so long as the pin is kept in the grenade, or the safety lever is held down on a pinless grenade. Alternatively, it can be as complex as the electronic timer-countdown on an influence sea mine, which gives the vessel laying it sufficient time to move out of the blast zone before the magnetic or acoustic sensors are fully activated. 
In modern artillery shells, most fuzes incorporate several safety features to prevent a fuze arming before it leaves the gun barrel. These safety features may include arming on "setback" or by centrifugal force, and often both operating together. Set-back arming uses the inertia of the accelerating artillery shell to remove a safety feature as the projectile accelerates from rest to its in-flight speed. Rotational arming requires that the artillery shell reach a certain rpm before centrifugal forces cause a safety feature to disengage or move an arming mechanism to its armed position. Artillery shells are fired through a rifled barrel, which forces them to spin during flight.
In other cases the bomb, mine or projectile has a fuze that prevents accidental initiation e.g. stopping the rotation of a small propeller (unless a lanyard pulls out a pin) so that the striker-pin cannot hit the detonator even if the weapon is dropped on the ground. These types of fuze operate with aircraft weapons, where the weapon may have to be jettisoned over "friendly" territory to allow a damaged aircraft to continue to fly. The crew can choose to jettison the weapons "safe" by dropping the devices with safety pins still attached, or drop them "live" by removing the safety pins as the weapons leave the aircraft. 
Aerial bombs and depth charges can be "nose" and "tail" fuzed using different detonator/initiator characteristics so that the crew can choose which effect fuze will suit target conditions that may not have been known before the flight. The arming switch is set to one of "safe", "nose", or "tail" at the crew's choice. 
Base fuzes are also used by artillery and tanks for shells of the 'squash head' type. Some types of armour piercing shells have also used base fuzes, as have nuclear artillery shells.
The most sophisticated fuze mechanisms of all are those fitted to nuclear weapons, and their safety/arming devices are correspondingly complex. In addition to PAL protection, the fuzing used in nuclear weapons features multiple, highly sophisticated environmental sensors e.g. sensors requiring highly specific acceleration and deceleration profiles before the warhead can be fully armed. The intensity and duration of the acceleration/deceleration must match the environmental conditions which the bomb/missile warhead would actually experience when dropped or fired. Furthermore, these events must occur in the correct order.
Note: some fuzes, e.g. those used in air-dropped bombs and landmines may contain anti-handling devices specifically designed to kill bomb disposal personnel. The technology to incorporate booby-trap mechanisms in fuzes has existed since at least 1940 e.g. the German ZUS40 anti-removal bomb fuze.
Reliability.
A fuze must be designed to function appropriately considering relative movement of the munition with respect to its target. The target may move past stationary munitions like land mines or naval mines; or the target may be approached by a rocket, torpedo, artillery shell, or air-dropped bomb. Timing of fuze function may be described as "optimum" if detonation occurs when target damage will be maximized, "early" if detonation occurs prior to optimum, "late" if detonation occurs past optimum, or "dud" if the munition fails to detonate. Any given batch of a specific design may be tested to determine the anticipated percentage of "early", "optimum". "late", and "dud" expected from that fuze installation.
Combination fuze design attempts to maximize "optimum" detonation while recognizing dangers of "early" fuze function (and potential dangers of "late" function for subsequent occupation of the target zone by friendly forces or for gravity return of anti-aircraft munitions used in defense of surface positions.) Series fuze combinations minimize "early" function by detonating at the latest activation of the individual components. Series combinations are useful for safety arming devices, but increase the percentage of "late" and "dud" munitions. Parallel fuze combinations minimize "duds" by detonating at the earliest activation of individual components, but increase the possibility of premature "early" function of the munition. Sophisticated military munition fuzes typically contain an arming device in series with a parallel arrangement of sensing fuzes for target destruction and a time fuze for self-destruction if no target is detected.

</doc>
<doc id="19881919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19881919" title="Nagler">
Nagler

Nagler is an American surname, and may refer to:
Nagler is an eyepiece design for wide field high quality telescope eyepieces.

</doc>
<doc id="19881950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19881950" title="East Coast Memorial">
East Coast Memorial

The East Coast Memorial is a World War II war memorial in Battery Park in New York City. It is one of three war memorials in the United States administered by the American Battle Monuments Commission. The others are the West Coast Memorial in San Francisco and the Honolulu Memorial.
The memorial commemorates U.S. servicemen who died in coastal waters of the western Atlantic Ocean during World War II. A total of 4,609 names are inscribed on both sides of eight 19-foot-tall granite pylons. The pylons are arranged in two rows of four each. Between the two rows stands a bronze statue of an eagle, erected on a black granite pedestal. The eagle faces the Statue of Liberty in New York harbor.
The memorial was designed by the architectural firm of Gehron & Seltzer. The eagle statue was created by Albino Manca, an Italian-born sculptor. The granite slabs were set up in October 1959, while the sculpture was installed on February 4, 1963.
The memorial was dedicated by President John F. Kennedy on May 23, 1963 at a ceremony which included addresses by New York mayor Robert F. Wagner, Jr., Senate majority leader Mike Mansfield, and the President. The destroyer USS "Mitscher" fired a salute from nearby offshore.

</doc>
<doc id="19881981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19881981" title="2002 NCAA Division I Women's Volleyball Tournament">
2002 NCAA Division I Women's Volleyball Tournament

The 2002 NCAA Division I Women's Volleyball Tournament began on December 5, 2002 with 64 teams and concluded on December 21 when Southern California defeated Stanford 3 games to 1 in New Orleans, Louisiana for the program's second NCAA title and fifth overall national title.
It was Southern California's first national title since 1981, while Stanford was the defending 2001 national champion. Semifinalist Hawaii was making the program's first NCAA final four appearance since 1996, while Florida made the program's first final four appearance in four years.
National Semifinals.
Southern California vs. Florida.
When Florida took the first set, it was the first time in 6 NCAA Semifinal appearances that a Florida team was able to win a single set. However, the rest didn't go their way as USC won the next three to advance to the national championship. In the deciding fourth set, USC took the 16-8 lead before Florida came back to cut the lead to 19-17, but the Gators were unable to take the lead before USC won the fourth set, 30-24 and the match.
Stanford vs. Hawaii.
Stanford got a chance to defend their 2001 NCAA title after dismantling Hawaii, 3-0. The 3-0 loss was only Hawaii's second loss of the season, with their other loss coming to Stanford in a 3-0 sweep in the preseason. Ogonna Nnamani led Stanford with 15 kills, while Hawaii was led by Kim Willoughby who had 22 kills.
National Championship: Southern California vs. Stanford.
USC dethroned defending NCAA national champion Stanford in a 3-1 match to finish the season 31-1, with their only loss coming to Stanford. In set one, USC had 22 kills while Stanford had just 8, leading them to a 30-27 victory. In set two, Stanford came back to take 9 of the first 12 points en route to the easy 30-23. 
USC sprinted to the 19-10 lead in set 3, before the Cardinal cut the advantage at 20-17. USC's offense proved to be too much, as they won it 30-24. In set 4, USC cruised out to an early 6-1 lead and then 17-11. The lead soon disappeared, with Stanford tying it up at 19, before USC pulled away again to win the fourth set 30-26 and take home to national title. It was USC's first national championship since 1981, the first year that NCAA started to sponsor women's volleyball.

</doc>
<doc id="19881999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19881999" title="Captain Battle">
Captain Battle

Captain Battle was a Golden Age comic book hero and one of the features in Lev Gleason's "Silver Streak Comics".
Publication history.
His first appearance was "Silver Streak Comics" #10, and his final appearance was "Silver Streak Comics" #23, when that series was cancelled.
Captain Battle is one of the four features in the second issue of Image Comics' Next Issue Project, "Silver Streak Comics" #24.
Fictional character biography.
Injured during the first World War, Jonathan Battle uses his jetpack, called a luceflyer, and a series of fantastic inventions to prevent World War II from taking place.
Film.
In 2013 the film "" was released.

</doc>
<doc id="19882060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19882060" title="Palace &quot;Ukraine&quot;">
Palace &quot;Ukraine&quot;

National Palace of Arts "Ukraina" () or Palace "Ukraina" is one of the main venues for official events along with Palace of Sports in Kiev, Ukraine. The venue is a state company administered by the State Directory of Affairs.
It was opened in 1970 as the biggest center of culture and arts. The building was designed by a group of architects P. Zhylytskyi, I. Vayner, under the directorship of the project's author the distinguished architect of Ukrainian SSR Yevhenia Marychenko. All of the architects were awarded Shevchenko National Prize (1971) for its design and construction. The building is trapezoidal, twenty eight meters tall and consists of over 300 rooms.
Although it was finally built on a former market square on Krasnoarmeyskaya street (present vul. Chervonoarmiyska), it was originally suggested to be built in the place of St. Michael's Golden-Domed Monastery.
Christina Aguilera, Enrique Iglesias, Luciano Pavarotti and Sofia Rotaru are some of the artists that have performed there. The main concert hall has a capacity of 3,714 people.
Director of the building until 2010 was Mykola Mozghovy. The arena hosted the 11th Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19882063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19882063" title="Baby (band)">
Baby (band)

History.
Baby was a southern rock band from Texas. The band was signed to Lone Starr Records in the mid-1970s. They got the attention of the executives at Mercury Records based on their regional album sales in Texas. The album was remixed and re-released in mid-1975 on Mercury. Baby had a legion of fans in the Midwest and South in 1975-76 and headlined venues like the famed Surf Ballroom in Clear Lake, Iowa while generating regional radio airplay on the band's first single, "(It's Another) Saturday Night".
The band made just two albums; the self-titled album and the follow-up album called "Where Did All The Money Go?" released on Chelsea Records in 1976. The second album's title, "Where Did All The Money Go"?, summed up the feelings for the band that seemed poised for success similar to what other southern rock artists like Lynyrd Skynyrd and the Marshall Tucker Band were having in the mid-70s, but the success never came for them. Recently, the popular song "Baby," by the teen heart throb, Justin Bieber, created a huge surge on the band's YouTube videos. 
After low sales of "Where Did All The Money Go"? and a lawsuit with John Waite and The Babys over the rights of the name "Baby(s)", the band quit.
Guitarist, songwriter and vocalist Johnny Lee Schell went on to play on the Grammy winning album "Nick Of Time" from Bonnie Raitt in 1989. He has played with some of the world's biggest names and continues to produce, write and contribute to many blues-based artists as well as his own solo projects. Recently, Schell's guitar work was with Barbara Blue and her latest blues album, "Memphis 3rd And Beale".
Late in 2008, bassist/vocalist Stephen Crane and keyboardist Charlie Rouzer, founding members of Baby in the early 70's, reunited to form Texas Blues Runners, a four-piece blues band based in Austin Texas.
Band members.
Johnny Lee Schell: Lead Guitar, Acoustic Guitar, Organ, Harmonica & Vocals, Official Hottie
John Mark Camp: Rhythm Guitars, Acoustic Guitars & Vocals
Stephen G. Crane: Bass Guitar and Vocals
Woodie Putman: Drums and Percussion
Albums.
1975: "Baby" (Lone Starr Records, Mercury Records)
1976: "Where Did All The Money Go"? (Chelsea Records)
To see a review of Baby's debut album, go to amazon.com and type Baby LP

</doc>
<doc id="19882078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19882078" title="Keep It Simple (Keb' Mo' album)">
Keep It Simple (Keb' Mo' album)

Keep It Simple (released February 10, 2004) is the seventh studio album by blues artist Keb' Mo'. The album won a Grammy in 2005 for best contemporary blues album.

</doc>
<doc id="19882101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19882101" title="The Heiress (1947 play)">
The Heiress (1947 play)

The Heiress is a 1947 play by American playwrights Ruth and Augustus Goetz adapted from the 1880 Henry James novel "Washington Square".
Productions.
The play opened on Broadway at the Biltmore Theatre on September 29, 1947 and closed on September 18, 1948 after 410 performances. Directed by Jed Harris the cast starred Wendy Hiller, Basil Rathbone, and Peter Cookson. The production then opened in London at the Theatre Royal, Haymarket in 1949 starring Ralph Richardson and Peggy Ashcroft and ran for 644 performances.
The play has been revived four times on Broadway:
The 1995 production starred Cherry Jones as Catherine Sloper, Philip Bosco as Dr. Austin Sloper, Jon Tenney as Morris Townsend, and Frances Sternhagen as Lavinia Penniman and was directed by Gerald Gutierrez. The play won the Tony Award for Best Revival of a Play, with Jones, Sternhagen and director Gerald Gutierrez winning Tonys as well.
A Broadway revival began previews in October 2012 at the Walter Kerr Theatre for a limited engagement, with direction by Moisés Kaufman and starring Jessica Chastain, David Strathairn, Dan Stevens, and Judith Ivey.
Plot.
In the 1850s young Catherine Sloper lives with her father, Dr. Austin Sloper. Catherine is shy, unsophisticated and plain-looking; her father blames her for the death of her mother, who died giving birth to her.
Morris Townsend courts her. Catherine believes him sincere, her father believes he's after her inheritance. When the three confront each other, they agree that Austin will take his daughter to Europe for six months. He believes that either Morris or his daughter will give up, they don't think so.
On their return, Dr. Sloper sees that nothing has changed, and threatens to disinherit her if she marries Morris. Catherine suggests to Morris that they elope immediately, she cannot stand to be in her father's house another night; but she also mentions the threat of disinheritance. Morris leaves to get his things, but does not return, and Catherine is crushed. Three days later Dr Sloper realizes that he is mortally ill, and tries to reconcile with Catherine. She refuses.
Two years later Morris returns, and makes excuses about his jilting her. She seems to be swept away again, and tells him to go fetch his things so they can elope; but when he returns, she has the maid bolt the door against him, and turns out the lights.

</doc>
<doc id="19882117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19882117" title="¡Adiós, Cordera!">
¡Adiós, Cordera!

¡Adiós, Cordera! (1892) is a Spanish short story written by Leopoldo Alas (also known as "Clarín"). Although the author's works are considered examples of realism or naturalism, many consider him a harbinger of modernism. The story is a dystopian work that deals with the rise of industrialization and modernity in Spain. 
Plot.
The tale centers upon a poor family in rural Spain and the gradual mechanization of their environment. Widower Antón de Chinta and his two young children (Pinín and Rosa) own a cow. The animal, which serves as a representation of the family's deteriorating economic situation, is affectionately called Cordera or lamb, and has become a family pet. 
The story begins in a pastoral setting interrupted by a telegraph pole. Soon after, a railway is put through the field, which further ruptures the tranquility of the bucolic countryside and foreshadows the ending of the tale. Eventually the family's economic situation forces the father to sell the cow, which is taken away on the train for slaughter and gives the work its name.
Years later, Pinín is drafted to fight in the war and departs on the same train as the cow, an act that implies his future death. At the same time, it implies that the slaughter of innocents is a result of modernity and the city's expansion into rural areas.

</doc>
<doc id="19882127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19882127" title="2009 CECAFA U-17 Championship">
2009 CECAFA U-17 Championship

The second edition of the CECAFA U-17 Tournament, all games were originally to be played in Nairobi, Kenya but have since been moved to Sudan. due to financial reasons, the Sudanese FA and El Merreikh Investment Group have agreed to sponsor the tournament.
The cup is also referred to as the Bashir Cup and the Hassan el Bashir Cup by East African media due to Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir's involvement.
There is a possibility that a third group will be based at Kessala.
Officials.
Referees
Assistant Referees
Group A.
Final table.
Sudan were removed from the tournament for fielding over age players.

</doc>
<doc id="19882161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19882161" title="Charles A. Kelly">
Charles A. Kelly

Charles A. Kelly (died 6 September 1962) was the last person executed by Iowa. In 1965, Iowa abolished its death penalty and no one has been executed by the state since then.
Kelly and Charles Brown were together convicted by a jury of the murder of a man in Walnut, Iowa. The court sentenced them both to death by hanging; Brown was executed at the Iowa State Penitentiary in Fort Madison on 24 July 1962, and Kelly was hanged at the same prison on 6 September.
In 1965, the Iowa General Assembly passed a law that abolished the death penalty as a possible punishment; it was signed into law by Governor Harold Hughes. Although there have been a number of attempts to reinstate the death penalty in Iowa, none have been successful. Since Kelly's executions, prisoners of the United States federal government have been executed in Iowa but no one has been executed under Iowa law.

</doc>
<doc id="19882192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19882192" title="List of Seether band members">
List of Seether band members

Seether has had several lineups since their formation as Saron Gas in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="19882195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19882195" title="Tay Dizm">
Tay Dizm

Artavious Smith, better known by his stage name Tay Dizm, is an American rapper signed to T-Pain's Nappy Boy Digital record label.
Biography.
Smith spent his entire childhood raised in foster homes before finding his biological family in Gainesville, Florida. His two brothers taught him how to rap and recorded mixtapes with him. He moved to Tallahassee, Florida, where he met singer T-Pain, for whom Smith would become a hypeman. Under stage name Tay Dizm, Smith did guest performances on tracks from T-Pain's first three albums.
Dizm is the first artist to release an album under T-Pain's Nappy Boy Digital label. He has appeared on the singles "Who the Fuck is That?" by Dolla and "She Got It" by 2 Pistols, which charted on the Billboard Year-End Hot 100 singles of 2008. On August 19, 2008, Dizm released his debut single, "Beam Me Up," featuring T-Pain and Rick Ross, which was released online via Nappy Boy Digital. It quickly sold 4,000 downloads, according to Nielsen SoundScan, without significant promotion. He is featured in all three of T-Pain's solo albums. The second single on the album, "Dream Girl", features Akon and charted on the "Billboard" Bubbling Under Hot 100 chart in February 2009. Dizm's upcoming album will be titled "Welcome to the New World".
The album also contains a third single, "Nothing But The Truth", original version featured Atlanta rapper Dolla and Picallo. The album version features Picallo and Young Cash. Single "Club Pack" was released on MTV on February 20, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19882254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19882254" title="USS Wahaka (YTM-526)">
USS Wahaka (YTM-526)

USS "Wahaka" (YTB-526), later YTM-526, was a yard tug placed in commission in 1947.
"Wahaka" was laid down on 2 June 1945 at Jacksonville, Florida, by the Gibbs Gas Engine Company, Inc. and launched on 9 September 1945, sponsored by Mrs. Charles Strohmeyer, wife of Lieutenant Charles Strohmeyer, an officer who was attached to the Industrial Manager's Office, Jacksonville, Florida. She was completed on 3 December 1945.
Allocated to the 11th Naval District at San Diego, California, upon completion, "Wahaka" was briefly placed in reserve before being activated once more in December 1947 for service in the 6th Naval District. She operated out of Charleston, South Carolina, through the 1950s, providing tug and tow service as well as pilot assistance.
From 1961 to 1963, "Wahaka" was assigned to Naval Station Rota at Rota, Spain.
In 1962, "Wahaka" was reclassified as a medium harbor tug and redesignated YTM-526. She was then assigned to Advanced Bases, Atlantic Area. She remained active in that assignment into 1979. "Wahaka" was stricken from the Naval Vessel Register on 30 September 1985 and was later sold.

</doc>
<doc id="19882316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19882316" title="Nevada State Route 378">
Nevada State Route 378

State Route 378 (SR 378) was a state highway in Nye County, Nevada, United States. It connected the community of Round Mountain to State Route 376. The highway originated as State Route 70 in 1941 and was later renumbered to State Route 92 before becoming SR 378 in 1976. The route was removed from the state highway system by 1999.
Route description.
State Route 378 began at a junction with SR 376 in the Big Smoky Valley of northwestern Nye County. From here, the road ran in an easterly direction towards Round Mountain. Nearing the town, the route curved southeast following Mariposa Drive for about to its terminus at the intersection of Main Street.
History.
An unimproved road resembling the modern highway alignment first appears on state maps in 1941, connecting the community of Round Mountain to State Route 8A (now SR 376). This road was designated as State Route 70 the following year. By 1946, pavement had been placed along the route. 
By 1965, the SR 70 designation was removed from the highway and replaced with State Route 92.
In the 1976 renumbering of Nevada's state routes, the recently designated SR 92 was dropped in favor of State Route 378. This numbering change was first seen on state highway maps in 1978. SR 378 remained unchanged on official maps until 1999, when the route number and road itself was removed from the state highway map. A road to Round Mountain reappeared on the next version of the map, albeit realigned and without a route number.

</doc>
<doc id="19882335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19882335" title="Wahaka">
Wahaka

Wahaka may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19882336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19882336" title="Ratna">
Ratna

Ratna is a Sanskrit word for jewel or gemstone.
It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19882343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19882343" title="SMS Albatross (1907)">
SMS Albatross (1907)

SMS "Albatross" was a German minelaying cruiser built before World War I. "Albatross" took part in a battle with Russian cruisers off the island of Gotland on 2 July 1915, where the ship was severely damaged, and forced to beach herself in neutral Swedish waters. The ship was salvaged after the war, in 1921.
Design.
"Albatross" was equipped with eight 8.8 cm SK L/45 naval guns. The guns fired 22lb shells at a muzzle velocity of 2133 feet per second. The guns could elevate to 25 degrees, for a maximum range of 10,500 yards. The ship also carried 288 mines.
Service history.
On 2 July 1915, "Albatross", the light cruiser "SMS Augsburg", and three destroyers were en route to lay mines in Russian waters when the ships were attacked by a superior Russian force—the armored cruisers "Bayan" and "Admiral Makarov" and the light cruisers "Bogatyr" and "Oleg". "Augsburg" escaped, while the three destroyers covered her retreat. "Albatross" was severely damaged and forced to beach on the Swedish island of Gotland. 28 crew members were killed in this action. In July 1915, the ship was refloated by the Swedes and interned at Oskarshamn, returned to Kiel after the war in January 1919, and scrapped in 1921.

</doc>
<doc id="19882367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19882367" title="Jerzy Tomaszewski">
Jerzy Tomaszewski

Jerzy Tomaszewski may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19882369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19882369" title="APK (file format)">
APK (file format)

Android application package file (APK) is the package file format used to distribute and install application software and middleware onto Google's Android operating system, and certain other operating systems, such as Blackberry 10 Devices with the OS version 10.2.1.
APK files are analogous to other software packages such as MSI packages in Windows or a Deb packages in Debian-based operating systems like Ubuntu. To make an APK file, a program for Android is first compiled, and then all of its parts are packaged into one file. An APK file contains all of that program's code (such as .dex files), resources, assets, certificates, and manifest file. As is the case with many file formats, APK files can have any name needed, provided that the file name ends in ".apk".
APK files are a type of archive file, specifically in zip format packages based on the JAR file format, with codice_1 as the filename extension. The MIME type associated with APK files is codice_2.
Contents.
An APK file is an archive that usually contains the following directories:

</doc>
<doc id="19882379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19882379" title="Los Creadorez del Pasito Duranguense de Alfredo Ramírez">
Los Creadorez del Pasito Duranguense de Alfredo Ramírez

Los Creadorez del Pasito Duranguense is a Chicago project headed by the internationally known Alfredo Ramírez Corral. In 1996, alongside co-founder Ismael Mijarez, Corral put together one of the very first stateside duranguense groups, and achieved great success. DISA Latin Music released two recently recorded singles, "Que Lastima" and "Quisiera Ser una Lagrima," both of which made appearances on the "Billboard" regional Mexican charts. Los Creadorez interpret their decade of success and fans' acceptance of their new package as a sign of duranguense's staying power. As the genre rounds its first ten years, sales increases and interest arise far outside the city of Chicago, and duranguense artists look to the veterans for direction. Corral and Mijarez — having been around as long as anyone — find themselves in the position of being trend-setters. Los Creadorez's debut record, "Recio, Recio Mis Creadorez", was released in late January 2007.
On February 23, 2007, they won Best New Artist at Premios Lo Nuestro and also they performed at the Billboard Music Awards of 2007; they were nominees for Regional Mexican Airplay Track of the Year for "Que Lastima". They have been performing on several sell-out arenas and stadiums in United States. On a signing meeting they congregated eight thousand people. In November 2008, they were nominated for a Latin Grammy for their album, "Listos, 
Montados, Y Armados".

</doc>
<doc id="19882382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19882382" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Women's 1500 metres T13">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Women's 1500 metres T13

The Women's 1,500m T12-13 had its Final was held on September 14 at 10:15.
The 6 first places where in exactly the same other as the 800 metres event.

</doc>
<doc id="19882395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19882395" title="Leningrad–Novgorod Offensive">
Leningrad–Novgorod Offensive

The Leningrad–Novgorod strategic offensive was a strategic offensive during World War II. It was launched by the Red Army on with an attack on the German Army Group North by the Soviet Volkhov and Leningrad fronts, along with part of the 2nd Baltic Front, with a goal of lifting the Siege of Leningrad. Approximately two weeks later, the Red Army regained control of the Moscow–Leningrad railway, and on Joseph Stalin declared that the Siege of Leningrad was lifted, and that German forces were expelled from the Leningrad Oblast. The lifting of the 900-day-long blockade was celebrated in Leningrad on that day with a 324-gun salute. The strategic offensive ended a month later on 1 March, when Stavka ordered the troops of the Leningrad Front to a follow-on operation across the Narva River, while the 2nd Baltic was to defend the territory it gained in pursuit of the German XVI Army Corps.
According to Soviet information, by , the Germans had suffered 21,000 casualties, lost 85 artillery pieces ranging in caliber from 15 cm to 40 cm, and were pushed back between 60 to 100 kilometers from Leningrad to the Luga River.
Background.
After Operation Barbarossa, German troops had encircled Leningrad, and the Siege of Leningrad began. Several operations had been designed by the Soviet commanders in the area to liberate the outskirts of Leningrad from the Germans. In the fall of 1943, preparations had begun to design another plan to retake the outskirts of Leningrad from the Germans, after the only partially successful Operation Iskra in January of that year and the Sinyavino Offensive of late 1942. The first staff meeting was held on , two years and a day after the beginning of the siege. Two plans, Neva I and Neva II, were conceived. Neva I was to be implemented if the Germans, pressured on different fronts, withdrew their forces from Leningrad on their own accord to reinforce the pressured areas. Both Stavka and Leningrad believed this was possible. Neva II, therefore, would be implemented if the Germans did not withdraw from Leningrad within the coming months. The offensive would be three-pronged, driving from the foothold at Oranienbaum that had been captured earlier that year, the Pulkovo Heights and from the fortifications around Novgorod. The offensive was planned to start in the winter, when sufficient amounts of troops and artillery could be moved across the ice without incident.
Preparations.
Soviet.
The Baltic Fleet had been assigned the task of transporting the Second Shock Army under the command of Ivan Fedyuninsky over Lake Ladoga to Oranienbaum. From onwards, the Fleet transported 30,000 troops, 47 tanks, 400 artillery pieces, 1,400 trucks and 10,000 tons of ammunition and supplies from the wharves at the Leningrad factories, Kanat and the naval base at Lisy Nos to Oranienbaum. After Lake Ladoga froze, another 22,000 men, 800 trucks, 140 tanks and 380 guns were sent overland to the jump-off point. When the shipments were complete, the artillery was positioned along the entire length of the Leningrad, Second Baltic and Volkhov fronts at a concentration of 200 guns per kilometer, including 21,600 standard artillery pieces, 1,500 Katyusha rocket guns, and 600 anti-aircraft guns. 1,500 planes were also obtained from the Baltic Fleet and from installations around Leningrad. The total number of Russian personnel prepared for action was 1,241,000, against the 741,000 German troops. A final meeting took place on January 11 in Smolny. General Govorov, the top Russian commander on the Leningrad Front, had listed his priorities. In order to open up southeastward and eastward main railroad lines from Leningrad, Soviet troops would have to occupy Gatchina, from which they could retake Mga, the minor city and rail station whose capture in 1941 had closed the last railroad route into Leningrad. Govorov positioned his troops accordingly.
German.
The situation of the German Army Group North at the end of 1943 had deteriorated to a critical point. The Blue Division and three German divisions had been withdrawn by October, while the Army Group had acquired sixty miles of additional frontage from Army Group Center during the same period. As replacements, Field Marshal Georg von Küchler received the Blue Legion and three divisions of SS troops. In such a weakened state, the Army Group staff planned a new position to its rear that would shorten the front lines by twenty-five percent and remove the Soviet threats posed in many salients on the current lines. The plan "Operation Blue" called for a January withdrawal of over 150 miles to the natural defensive barrier formed by the Narva and Velikaya Rivers and Lakes Peipus and Pskov. This position, the so-called "Panther Line", was buttressed by fortifications that had been constructed since September. The retreat would be carried out in stages, using intermediate defensive positions, the most important of which was the Rollbahn Line formed on the October Railway running through Tosno, Lyuban and Chudovo. There the two most exposed Army Corps, the XXVI and XXVIII, would regroup and catch their breath before proceeding farther back to their positions in the Panther Line.
The fate of Army Group North turned for the worse in the new year, for Hitler rejected all proposals for an early withdrawal into the "Panther" position, insisting that the Russian forces be kept as far as possible from Germany and that they be forced to pay dearly for each meter of ground. Finally, Hitler transferred three more first-rate infantry divisions out of Army Group North to reinforce Erich von Manstein's Army Group South as it reeled back from the Dnieper River under continuous Soviet assault. Field Marshal von Küchler now held an extremely precarious position, and could only await events on the Leningrad and Volkhov Fronts with great pessimism.
Combat activity.
Krasnoye Selo–Ropsha Offensive.
In the late hours of , long-range bombers from the Baltic Fleet attacked the main German command points on the defensive line. On January 14, troops from both the Oranienbaum foothold and Volkhov Front attacked, followed the next day by troops of the 42nd Army under the command of Ivan Maslennikov from the Pulkovo Heights. An artillery barrage was launched all along the front, laying down 220,000 shells onto the German lines. Fog inhibited major progress for the first few days, although the Second Shock Army and 42nd Army advanced two miles on a seven mile front while in combat with the 9th and 10th Luftwaffe Field Divisions, and the Volkhov Front pushed the Germans back about three miles. It thawed on the 16th, and the Second Shock Army managed to move forward 23 kilometers. On the 19th, the Second Shock Army captured Ropsha and the 63rd Guards Rifle Division, part of the 42nd Army, drove the Germans out of Krasnoye Selo. By January 26, German troops had been pushed 100 kilometers away from the city, and the Moscow–Leningrad Railroad line had been opened. The next day, Stalin declared the city to have been relieved, and Leningrad celebrated with a red, white and blue salute from 324 Katyusha rocket launchers and artillery pieces at 8 pm, which was inconceivable during the siege due to blackout.

</doc>
<doc id="19882420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19882420" title="Dacko">
Dacko

Dacko may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19882421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19882421" title="Jerzy Tomaszewski (historian)">
Jerzy Tomaszewski (historian)

Jerzy Tomaszewski (born October 8, 1930) is a Polish political scientist and historian, born in Radomsku. Former employee of the Warsaw University of Life Science, professor of the Warsaw University. He specializes in the economic history of Poland and the Polish-Jewish history and relations. 
Since 1990, Tomaszewski has been employed in the Department of History at Warsaw University, where he works on history of Jews in Poland.

</doc>
<doc id="19882426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19882426" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Shasta County, California">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Shasta County, California

This list includes properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Shasta County, California. Click the "Map of all coordinates" link to the right to view a Google map of all properties and districts with latitude and longitude coordinates in the table below.

</doc>
<doc id="19882431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19882431" title="Ta-Nehisi Coates">
Ta-Nehisi Coates

Ta-Nehisi Coates ( ; born 1975, Baltimore, Maryland) is a senior editor for "The Atlantic" and a blogger for the publication's website. Coates has worked for "The Village Voice", "Washington City Paper", and "Time". He has contributed to "The New York Times Magazine", "The Washington Post", "The Washington Monthly", "", and other publications. In 2008 he published a memoir, "The Beautiful Struggle: A Father, Two Sons, and an Unlikely Road to Manhood".
Personal life.
Coates was raised in a working-class family in Baltimore, Maryland. His father, William Paul Coates, was a Vietnam veteran and former Black Panther. His mother, Cheryl, was the breadwinner in the family and his father was a stay-at-home dad where he ran a small publishing house during Ta-Nehisi's childhood. Ta-Nehisi's father had seven children. Ta-Nehisi is an Egyptian name for ancient Nubia.
Coates attended Baltimore Polytechnic Institute, and Howard University but dropped out to become a journalist. He currently resides in Harlem with his wife and son.
Writing and teaching.
In 2009, he published "The Beautiful Struggle", an autobiography of his coming of age in West Baltimore.
Coates is a senior editor at "The Atlantic", for which he writes feature articles beside maintaining a blog. Topics covered by the blog include politics, history, race, culture as well as sports, and music. His writing on race, such as his September 2012 "Atlantic" cover piece "Fear of a Black President", have been especially praised, and have won his blog a place on the Best Blogs of 2011 list by TIME Magazine. and the 2012 Hillman Prize for Opinion & Analysis Journalism from The Sidney Hillman Foundation. Coates' blog has also been praised for its engaging comments section, which Coates curates and moderates heavily so that, "the jerks are invited to leave the grown-ups to stay and chime in".
Coates is the 2012-13 MLK visiting professor for writing at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and a guest columnist for the "New York Times", having turned down an offer from them to become a regular columnist. He has also written for "The Village Voice", "Washington City Paper", "Time", "The Washington Post", the "Washington Monthly and O magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="19882461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19882461" title="Basilis">
Basilis

Basilis () was a settlement in Parrhasia, ancient Arcadia. It was situated on the river Alpheus. Its location has been identified with that of the modern village Kyparissia, north of Megalopoli. It lied between the towns Trapezus and Thocnia. There was a sanctuary of the Eleusinian Demeter. The village was already in ruins when Pausanias visited the area in the 2nd century AD.

</doc>
<doc id="19882490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19882490" title="Amos Fries">
Amos Fries

Amos Alfred Fries was a general in the United States Army and 1898 graduate of the United States Military Academy. Fries was the second chief of the army's Chemical Warfare Service, established during World War I. Fries served under John J. Pershing in the Philippines and oversaw the construction of the roads and bridges in Yellowstone National Park. He eventually became an important commander in World War I. After he retired from the Army in 1929, Fries wrote two anti-communist books. He died in 1963 and is buried in Arlington National Cemetery.
Early life.
Amos Alfred Fries was born March 17, 1873 in Viroqua, Wisconsin. His family moved to Missouri after he was born and then moved to Oregon. Fries earned an appointment to the United States Military Academy and graduated there in 1898.
Military career.
After graduating West Point Fries joined the Army Corps of Engineers and served in the Philippines during the Philippine-American War. During that time he saw combat under the leadership of Captain John J. Pershing, later the American Expeditionary Forces (AEF) commander during World War I. From 1914 to 1917 Fries oversaw the construction of roads and bridges in Yellowstone National Park; he gained some notoriety for that work.
Fries arrived in Europe as World War I raged, he expected to do more engineering work but was instead thrust into heading the fledgling Gas Service Section, AEF. The Gas Service Section was mostly constituted by the 1st Gas Regiment (originally the 30th Engineer Regiment (Gas and Flame)) and Fries commanded the section. He became the chief of the Overseas Division of the Chemical Warfare Service in 1919, and when William L. Sibert resigned in 1920 Fries became the first peacetime overall chief of the Chemical Warfare Service. He served at that post until he retired from the Army in 1929. For his work with the Chemical Warfare Service he was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal.
Anti-communism.
During the "interwar period", the Chemical Warfare Service maintained its arsenal despite public pressure and presidential wishes in favor of disarmament. Fries viewed calls for chemical disarmament as a Communist plot. As CWS chief, Fries was assigned to a military intelligence unit monitoring domestic subversion. Fries accused the National Council for Prevention of War (NCPW) of being a Communist front. He also leveled similar accusations at Florence Watkins, the executive secretary of the National Congress of Parent Teacher Associations. The pressure generated by Fries' accusations led to the National Congress of Parent Teacher Associations withdrawing its membership in the NCPW. The General Federation of Women's Clubs took the same action.
In 1923 Fries' office distributed a "spider chart" to "patriotic groups" across the United States. The chart intended to show that all women's societies and church groups be regarded with suspicion concerning links to radical groups and Communist leadership. The spider chart listed 21 individual women and 17 organizations, among them the Daughters of the American Revolution. Later in his life, Fries wrote two anti-communist books, "Communism Unmasked", published in 1937, and "Sugar Coating Communism".
Later life and death.
Fries died on December 30, 1963 and was buried at Arlington National Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="19882547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19882547" title="Bricker">
Bricker

Bricker is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="19882588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19882588" title="Relational approach to quantum physics">
Relational approach to quantum physics

The relational approach to quantum physics is an alternative approach to and interpretation of quantum mechanics. It asserts that the physical world can only be studied accurately in terms of "relationships" between systems, as all experimentally verifiable facts about the world result explicitly from interactions (such as the interaction between a light field and a detector). According to the relational approach, the assumption that objects possess absolute properties (such as an absolute particle, independent of any detection frame) inevitably leads to ambiguities and paradoxes when these objects are studied closely. The approach was adopted, in a time span of 1992-1996, by Q. Zheng, S. Hughes, and T. Kobayashi in the University of Tokyo. As early as in 1985, S. Kochen suggested that the paradoxes of quantum physics could be overcome by developing a relational approach, which was needed at one time to solve the paradoxes of relativistic physics of space and time. It is also hoped that this entry will serve as a complement to Rovelli’s relational quantum mechanics (RQM).
Historically, the theory of relativity and quantum mechanics were intertwined with each other and the compatibility between both theories was a main theme throughout the Bohr-Einstein debate. In both theories the physicists emphasized that only measurable quantities, that is, observables, belong in a theory. Bohr compared his approach to Einstein’s theory of relativity and asserted that in the treatment of quantum processes the complementarity of the measuring results cannot be ignored, just as in high-speed phenomena the relativity of observation cannot be neglected when the simultaneity comes into question. But Einstein replied: “A good joke should not be repeated too often.” The debate continued in connection with Einstein-Podolsky-Rosen (EPR) paradox, and Bohr proposed the relational conception of quantum states. Through their analysis Bohm and Schumacher concluded that the characteristic feature of this debate is the failure to communicate due to the absence of a full harmony of quantum mechanics with relativity.
Modern attempts to embrace a relational approach with interpretations of quantum mechanics have been tried many times, ranging from Everett's relative-state interpretation (Everett, 1957), sigma algebra of interactive properties (Kochen, 1979), quantum reference systems (Bene, 1992), quantum theory of the universe (Smolin, 1995), to relational quantum mechanics (Rovelli, 1996). They more or less emphasize the relational nature of quantum states. For more information, please refer to the further reading list.
Background.
As is well known, Einstein's theory of relativity, which involves a profound analysis of time and space, introduced radical changes, not only in our basic concepts, but also in our modes of physical reasoning. The essence of Einstein's theory was to adopt a relational approach to the notions of time and space, which mathematically can be expressed through the Lorentz space-time transformations. 
Although the mathematical structure of the Lorentz ether theory, which leaves the speed of light "in vacuo", "c", a universal constant, is equivalent to that of Einstein's, there is nevertheless a drastic difference in the way to conceive it. On the one hand, Lorentz began with retaining the customary concepts of absolute time and space of the older Newtonian mechanics, and by considering changes in the observing instruments. The invariant nature of "c", as measured experimentally from the Michelson-Morley experiment, was successfully explained by the so-called 'Lorentz contraction', moving through the hypothetical ether. However, this theory led to the difficulty that the exact values of the 'true' distances and times, with respect to a detection scheme at rest in the ether, became somewhat ambiguous and unknowable. Einstein, on the other hand, by commencing with the observed facts, regarded time and space a "priori" as a certain class of 'coordinates' merely expressing "relationships" of an event to the measuring instruments. On the basis of a constant speed of light, both time and space become "relative" concepts, fundamentally dependent of the observer. 
The developments of quantum formulation early this century has also led physicists to question the Newtonian concepts of physical objects, such as 'particle' and 'wave', which are basic ideas in all of classical physics. Subsequently, Heisenberg in his pioneering paper developed a conceptual framework that in a way retained all the classical concepts, and plays a great role in the Copenhagen interpretation. This basic new step was to study the disturbance of observing instruments, and for this purpose, Heisenberg constructed the famous "gedanken" microscope experiment to measure very accurately the position of an electron. It was found that since the individual quanta of action must be taken into account in the measurement process, the irreducible disturbance rendered it impossible to assign "simultaneously" the precise values of position and momentum. Consequently, by considering the uncontrollable influence from the observation itself, the notion of particle into quantum mechanics was preserved, and the uncertainty principle was born. 
Inherent ambiguity in Heisenberg’s uncertainty principle.
In spite of its successes however, the Heisenberg theory has also brought about the problem, in a similar manner to the Lorentz theory, that the "fundamental concepts", e.g., the notion of particle in the interpretation, are in fact "completely ambiguous". For it is deduced on the basis of the Heisenberg uncertainty principle that no means could ever give precisely a 'true' particle simultaneous values of position and momentum. This has been the object of severe criticisms from some other famous physicists, like Einstein, who has always believed that even in quantum theory there must exist precisely definable elements or dynamical variables to determine the actual behavior of each individual system. In view of this fundamental ambiguity, it seems evident that a careful analysis of the notion of particle based on the actually measured facts is required, in parallel to Einstein's analysis of time. 
In a paper published in 1996, Zheng "et al." developed a relational approach to wave-particle duality which avoids the ambiguity associated with the Heisenberg theory. They emphasize, in parallel with Einstein's theory of special relativity, that for the proper analysis of quantum optics measurements with different frames of detection, one must consult a conceptual map of events which takes into account the perspective of the observer implicitly. The importance of events in quantum theory has been emphasized recently, which for quantum optics can be described mathematically in terms of light detection, pioneered by Roy J. Glauber. 
The presence of a physical object can be established by "interaction" in which detection events serve as "relationships" between the object and the class of the measuring instrument. In other words, all our actual knowledge of a physical object is based on, at least in principle, the experimentally detected relationships between the object and a suitable detector. 
In the quantum theory of radiation, the electric field operator in the Coulomb gauge may be written as the sum of positive and negative frequency parts, Eq. (1): 
where 
One may expand formula_3 in terms of the normal modes as follows:
where formula_5 are the unit vectors of polarization; this expansion has the same form as the classical expansion except that now the field amplitudes formula_6 are operators. 
Glauber has studied the way in which light is detected, and showed that, for an ideal photodetector situated at a point formula_7 in a radiation field, the probability of observing a photoionization event in this detector between time formula_8 and formula_9 is proportional to formula_10, where, Eq. (2): 
and formula_12 specifies the state of the field. If one considers the one-dimensional propagation problem of one-photon states, constructed by Glauber. 
and 
Subsequently, the detection probability propagating along the formula_15 direction becomes:
This probability of observing photoionization "in" detectors also reproduces the probabilistic wave of quantum phenomena. The Glauber detection theory differs from the Born probabilistic interpretation, in that it expresses the meaning of physical law in terms of relationships, counting signals in the detection processes, without assuming the particle model of matter. These concepts quite naturally lead to a relational approach for the notion of physical object, and one can say that, in terms of actually measurable counting signals, the detection events follow laws of probability. 
Here, one does not regard the above result as a deduction from the Heisenberg theory, but as a "basic hypothesis" which is well established experimentally. This needs little explanation, e.g., in terms of the disturbance of instruments, but is merely our starting point for further analysis; as in Einstein's theory of special relativity, we start from the "fact" that the speed of light is a constant.
Analysis of the concept of localizability.
One can continue to consider an object's position measurement, in order to see more clearly what this hypothesis implies with regard to the notion of "localizability" in physics, similar to the discussion of simultaneity in Einstein's theory of special relativity. 
In Newtonian mechanics, one can measure an object's position with the aid of a detector. The outcome of a detection event (resulting from the interaction between a detector and the object), or the occurrence of a detection event at a point in space, indicates the position of the object. But as far as Newtonian mechanics is concerned, it is assumed that there is only one position corresponding to an object. This implies that given any detection event at a position (as registered by an accurate detector), similar procedures will produce other detection outcomes in which the measurements will all be co-located at the same point in space as the first event. As a result, no detector carrying out proper position measurements on the object will ever produce results that are different from each other. If this is the case, then it makes sense to ascribe a definite (or "absolute") position to the object, and to say that the object is localized at a point in space. 
This is not what is found in quantum theory, however. For instance, the detection of light is described by the measurement of one-photon states. From a general property of Fourier transforms, the wave packet at a given time formula_17, with a spectrum width formula_18, indicates that the detection of an event can no longer be localized to a specific point in space — i.e., a definite position for the photon — but instead covers a range specified by formula_19, where 
This is a major break with older ideas, because different detection events do not agree on the position of a photon. It must be emphasized, however, that whether localizability can be established is based only on an "indirect deduction", the result of a statistical analysis, which expresses the deviation for the detection. Localizability is therefore not an "immediate fact" by which an object can be described simply as a point mass condensed at a spot in space. Instead, it is seen to depend largely on a purely conventional means of taking into account the deviation of the detected signals. This convention seems natural to our common sense, but it leads to unambiguous results — a definite position for a physical object — only in cases where Newtonian mechanics is a good approximation. When the characteristic widths of formula_19 and formula_18 can no longer be regarded as effectively infinite, then the results of empirical experiment make it clear that the measurements depend on the characteristic deviations for the problem in question. 
It follows from the above discussion that localizability is not an "absolute" quality of objects; rather, its significance is dependent upon objects' characteristic deviations, for example the widths of formula_19 and formula_18. 
Consequently, although the mathematical structure of the above approach is equivalent to that of the Heisenberg theory (which leads to the uncertainty principle), the underlying conceptual framework is vastly different. In the Heisenberg theory, one deduces the uncertainty relation as a consequence of the disturbance of observing instruments, as they irreducibly participate in the observation process; subsequently, this infers that a causal description is impossible for quantum theory, and formula_19 is therefore interpreted as the uncertainty of position. On the contrary, by adopting a relational approach, one begins with the experimentally well-confirmed hypothesis of the probability of detection events, as "actually observed". With this starting point, the above inequality implies that the concept of absolute position is no longer meaningful in quantum theory, where formula_19 specifies the deviation of detection. Indeed, once it is clear that the absolute position underlying localizability is not valid in quantum mechanics, it immediately follows that new concepts are needed to describe quantum processes, which contain the particle as a limiting case.
Analysis of particle and wave concepts in terms of frames of detection.
From the above discussion, it is shown that an outcome of detection (an event) specifies only a relationship between that object and a certain detection; however it is not sufficient to consider only the result of an individual detection. The real significance of our detections arises from the fact that the properties of physical objects can be regularized and ordered in terms of "frames of detection". For example, in a particle detection frame of light, one arranges a series of photodetectors in the propagation direction, by which one can define "invariant quantities" such as the velocity of the light signal propagation "c" (emission and absorption). This allows one not only to establish a 'trajectory' but also relate it to a portion of energy, "E", and momentum, "p", (a photon), transferred from a light field to a detector, to form a "particle picture" ("p" = "E"/"c"). 
There also exists a wave frame of detection, where, for example, light is divided into two paths so as to interfere with each other. To measure and analyze such an effect, one also needs to place an array of detectors on the interfering plane, from which one can infer an additional set of quantities such as the frequency, wavelength, and also the phase velocity from the interference fringes; thus one constructs a "wave picture". However, as far as Newtonian mechanics is concerned, such a wave frame of detection seems to be not necessary, and with the localizability discussed above, it makes sense to ascribe only the concept of particle to the cases investigated in the Newtonian domain. 
Of course, all this experience depends on the condition that the de Broglie wavelength is so small that on the ordinary scale of distance and time, the wave modulation in the detection can be neglected; this is equivalent to assuming an infinitely small wavelength of matter. When a finite de Broglie wavelength is taken into account, new problems of 'wave-particle duality' do in fact arise, which ran through the famous Bohr-Einstein debate and is still a key issue in recent discussions. 
In terms of detection frames, the implications of the relational approach implies that there is, in fact, no absolute significance to particle and wave pictures, but rather, their meaning is fundamentally dependent on how a frame of detection is constructed, i.e., on the observer. However, this concept of 'relativity', can only be expressed in precise quantitative form by Glauber's theory of light detection that logically unifies the two pictures of particle and wave. 
From the relational viewpoint, physical phenomena in the quantum theory of light detection are described in terms of "fields" formula_27 (1) and their "detection" formula_28 (2), which are organized, ordered, and structured so as to correspond to the characteristics of radiation systems that are being studied. In the aforementioned theory, de Broglie's concepts are now manifested by formula_29, in terms of annihilation operator formula_30 (and creation operator formula_31) as field amplitudes modulated by phase factors formula_32 (and the conjugated formula_33). The key point that we wish to establish is that formula_29, contains information concerning the propagation properties of light in both the particle and wave frames of detection since on the one hand, the propagation characteristics of the operators formula_30 and formula_31, which physically describe the absorption and emission of light, indicate a particle frame of detection where the light signal travels at the speed "c". On the other hand, the phase factor formula_37, implies a wave frame of detection, regulated by interference effects in the detection. 
It seems clear then that in the quantum theory of light detection, the particle and wave pictures are united as two sets of relative features of the same field in different frames of detection; thus they can be related to each other in such a way that Eq. (1) is left invariant - "the principle of relativity". This unification can be characterized by a term called "particle-wave" rather than 'particle or/and wave', the hyphen emphasizing the new kind of unification. 
It should be noted that in spite of the above-described unification of particle and wave pictures brought about in the quantum theory of detection, there remains a rather important and peculiar distinction between them, resulting from the fact that formula_30 and formula_31 are operators but the phase factors formula_37 (formula_33) are c-numbers. On the basis of this distinction, it also clear that the modulation by the phase factors in the probability expression of Eq. (2) at a velocity (the phase velocity) greater than "c", for example, in de Broglie matter systems, in no way confuses us on the maximum speed of propagation of the signals, provided that a signal propagation is "physically" described by the annihilation and creation operators formula_30 and formula_31.
Mathematical structure of quantum theory as a conceptual map.
One can conclude that the Newtonian analysis of the world into constituent objects has been replaced in terms of a kind of "interactive" pattern between the fields and their detection by the observer. The implications of this approach avoids much of our confusion about the wave-particle duality, if we regard the quantum theory of light detection as a kind of conceptual map of the "events" in the world, in a similar manner to the Minkowski diagram in Einstein's theory of special relativity. 
Because of the relativistic unification of the particle and wave pictures into the single expression of Eq. (1), there appears an illusion of co-existence of these two pictures. However, a little reflection shows that this view of the quantum theory of light detection is very far from the truth indeed. Let us say, for example, that an observer wants to measure the speed of a light signal. He or she must then construct a particle frame of detection that registers where, and when, a light signal is emitted and then absorbed. (We note that the propagation of a light signal is, in fact, what Einstein studied in the development of his special relativity theory). Such an observer cannot survey the whole of Eq. (1); he or she can only obtain the propagation details of the operators formula_30 and formula_31. Therefore, the exact information of the phase factor formula_37 (formula_33) is unknown to the observer; for this, an interference experiment is required. 
Thus, the quantum theory of light detection can be envisioned as a conceptual map, having an invariant structure, containing the 'real' set of fields and their detection which can be observed experimentally. "In all maps (conceptual or otherwise) there arises the need for the user to locate and orient himself by seeing which point on the map represents "his" position and which line represents the direction in which "he is" looking". In doing this, one recognizes that every act of "actualization" yields a unique perspective on the world. But with the aid of the quantum theory of light detection, one can relate what is seen from one perspective (the particle frame) to what is seen from another (the wave frame). In this way one can abstract out what is invariant under a change of perspective, which leads to an ever-improving knowledge and understanding of the actual character of the radiation system under investigation. Therefore, when an observer, performing experiments with different frames of detection, tries to understand what is observed, he or she need not puzzle about which view is 'correct' and which view is 'wrong' (wave or particle). Rather, he or she consults the map provided by Eq. (1) and tries to come to a common understanding of why in each way detecting the same field has a different perspective. Different frames may be related to one another, for example, by employing the de Broglie relation, formula_48.

</doc>
<doc id="19882594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19882594" title="List of radio stations owned by Entercom Communications">
List of radio stations owned by Entercom Communications

The following is a list of radio stations owned by Entercom Communications. As of 2011, Entercom operates in 24 markets across the United States of America.
Greenville, South Carolina.
"*=simulcast"
Kansas City, Kansas/Kansas City, Missouri.
"*=simulcast"
Memphis, Tennessee.
"*=simulcast"
New Orleans, Louisiana.
"*=simulcast"

</doc>
<doc id="19882599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19882599" title="Ammassalik Fjord">
Ammassalik Fjord

Ammassalik Fjord (old spelling: "Angmagssalik Fjord") is a long fjord in the Sermersooq municipality in southeastern Greenland.
Geography.
The head of the fjord at is formed by the confluence of two narrow, tributary fjords: "Qingertivaq Fjord" and "Tasiilaq Fjord" (one of two fjords of that name). The fjord has a north-to-south orientation in its northern part, to then turn midway to the south-west-south at approximately . While the shores of the northern part separate peninsulas of the mainland of Greenland, the southern, progressively wider half of the fjord separates the large Ammassalik Island in the west from an archipelago of islands in the east and southeast, including the largest Apusiaajik Island.
The fjord is joined by narrow waterways with other waterbodies in the region: the Ikaasartivaq Strait separating Ammassalik Island from the mainland connects the fjord to the wider Sermilik Fjord in the west, while the Torsuut Tunoq sound and the Ikaasaartik Strait connect the fjord to the open North Atlantic.
Settlement.
Historical.
Gustav Holm writes that in the winter of 1884–5, there were 225 Inuit living on the fjord in seven villages:
Present.
There are three settlements in the vicinity of the fjord. The village of Kuummiit is the only village on its shores, located on the eastern coast of the central part of the fjord, perched on the tip of a partially glaciated mainland peninsula. The main settlement of the Ammassalik archipelago, Tasiilaq, is located near the mouth of the tributary Tasiilaq Fjord (), just south of the mouth of Ammassalik Fjord. Further to the southeast of the mouth, the village of Kulusuk occupies the northern shore of Kulusuk Island.

</doc>
<doc id="19882605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19882605" title="Pat &amp; Stan">
Pat &amp; Stan

Pat et Stanley (, , , ) is a French animated show that appears as part of the children's television programme "TFou" on the French network TF1. Animated by Pierre Coffin, Pat the hippopotamus and Stan the dog have appeared in 362 short episodes as well as the 26 minute movie "Pat et Stanley: Le Trésor de Pit et Mortimer" ("Pat and Stanley: The Treasure of Pit and Mortimer", 2006). Outside of France, the duo are most famous for the short clip in which Pat is seen singing "The Lion Sleeps Tonight." The clip appeared in Italy in a commercial by Ferrero's Kinder chocolates; they also produced a "Happy Hippo" shaped chocolate snack. They also appear re-voiced in English on The CW4Kids in the United States, and under two Dutch versions on Jetix in the Netherlands, and on Ketnet in Flanders. Pat and Stanley are now featured in many unofficial online videos singing English (as well as international) songs.

</doc>
<doc id="19882628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19882628" title="Syrian Air Defense Force">
Syrian Air Defense Force

The Syrian Air Defense Force is an independent command within the Syrian Armed Forces. It has been merged into and then separated from both the Syrian Arab Army and the Syrian Arab Air Force. The Syrian Air Defense Force controls twenty-five air defense brigades, each with six SAM batteries. It is equipped with 650 static SA-2, SA-3 and SA-5 launchers, 200 mobile SA-6 and SA-11 launchers and over 4,000 anti-aircraft guns ranging from 23mm to 100mm in caliber. There are also two independent SA-8 and SA-10 SAM Regiments, each with four batteries of 48 mobile SAMs. 
The Syrian early warning system comprises Long Track; P-12 Spoon Rest; P-14 Tall King; H-15 Flat Face; P-30 Big Mesh; P-35 Bar Lock; P-80; PRV-13; PRV-16 Thin Skin mobile and static radar sites throughout Syria.
Current structure and organization.
25 teams defense (130 batteries) Including:
Combat history.
In 1982,19 of 20 batteries—each battery consisting of five tanks and each tank equipped with three SA-6 missiles were wiped out in a single Israeli airstrike. Despite decades of technological innovations in the Israeli and Western militaries, Syria still relies heavily on Soviet-era weaponry to defend itself. This is especially true in the north of the country. The government chose to concentrate its newer hardware in the west and south of Syria to guard against Israel.
On 22 June 2012 Syrian Air Defence Force shot down a Turkish McDonnell Douglas F-4 Phantom II reconnaissance jet. The jet's pilots were killed; both Turkish and Syrian forces searched for them before recovering their bodies in early July. The incident greatly escalated the tensions between Turkey and Syria.
In mid-November 2013, the SyADF targeted, for ten seconds, three Turkish F-16s that were flying near Dörtyol, over southern Hatay province after deploying from the Incirlik and Merzifon airbases. The incident comes after a Turkish F-16 shot down a Syrian Mi-17 on September 16 after crossing into Turkish airspace in the same area.

</doc>
<doc id="19882636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19882636" title="The Heart of a Nation">
The Heart of a Nation

The Heart of a Nation () is a 1943 French drama film directed by Julien Duvivier who co-wrote screenplay with Marcel Achard and Charles Spaak. The film stars Raimu, Michèle Morgan and Louis Jouvet. 
Production.
Louis Jourdan played the on screen brother of his real life brother, Pierre.
Filming started in late 1939 but was interrupted by the war.
Release.
The film was released in New York before France.
On January 25, 2005, the American version of the film that is dubbed into English and features a prologue by Charles Boyer was released by Alpha Video on DVD .

</doc>
<doc id="19882645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19882645" title="Nautilus-class minelayer">
Nautilus-class minelayer

The "Nautilus" class was a pair of light cruisers designed for minelaying operations. "Nautilus" was laid down in 1905 and completed by 1907, and was laid down in 1907, and completed the same year. Both ships were built by the AG Weser shipyard in Bremen.
Design.
The "Nautilus" class ships were equipped with eight 3.45 in (8.8 cm) SK L/45 guns. The guns fired 22lb shells at a muzzle velocity of 2133 feet per second. The guns could elevate to 25 degrees, for a maximum range of 10,500 yards. The ships also carried 200 mines.

</doc>
<doc id="19882650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19882650" title="Tommy West (producer)">
Tommy West (producer)

Tommy West (born Thomas Picardo on August 17, 1942, in Jersey City, New Jersey) is an American record producer and singer-songwriter.
Early career.
West's career as a performing artist began in 1958 when he co-founded the doo-wop group the Criterions with Tim Hauser, a classmate of his at St. Rose High School in Belmar, New Jersey. In 1959, the group hit the pop charts with "I Remain Truly Yours."
West is a 1963 graduate of Villanova University. While attending Villanova, he became student conductor of the school's glee club, The Villanova Singers. West formed a sub-group of the Singers called The Villanova Spires, a 12-man group who performed folk songs with guitar accompaniment. Tim Hauser, also now a student at Villanova, joined the group. In 1961, West auditioned fellow student Jim Croce for The Spires and an enduring friendship was formed. 
After graduating in 1963, West became a radio announcer and music director of WRLB-FM in Long Branch, New Jersey. In 1966, he left the station and began work for ABC Records in New York, where he met Terry Cashman and Gene Pistilli, songwriters at the company. This trio, Cashman, Pistilli and West, began a writing and performing collaboration. In 1967, they recorded an album titled "Bound To Happen".
West became a session singer and sang back-up vocals on albums by Frank Sinatra, Perry Como, Sammy Davis, Jr., Connie Francis, and Mitch Ryder. He was a jingle singer for radio and television commercials.
Capitol Records.
In 1968, Cashman, Pistilli and West signed with Capitol Records and recorded an album titled "Cashman, Pistilli & West", produced by Nik Venet. Simultaneously, they recorded under the pseudonym The Buchanan Brothers. This trio is remembered for the single "Medicine Man." Also that year, they formed the publishing companies Interrobang Productions, Blendingwell Music, and Sister John Music. They signed folk duo Jim and Ingrid Croce and secured a recording contract with Capitol Records in 1969, turning production duties over to Nik Venet for their album Jim & Ingrid Croce. The album was released, but was not well received.
In 1969, Cashman, Pistilli and West were introduced to a talented young musician, Maury Muehleisen. Soon after they signed Muehleisen, Pistilli left the partnership and became a founding member of The Manhattan Transfer, joining up with West's lifelong hometown friend Tim Hauser.
Cashman and West produced Muehleisen’s album "Gingerbreadd", released by Capitol Records in November 1970. This critically well received album brought together Muehleisen and Jim Croce, who for a short time accompanied Maury on guitar for live performances.
Cashman and West began an association with producer Wes Farrell and composed eight songs that were recorded by The Partridge Family: "She'd Rather Have The Rain," "Only A Moment Ago," "Every Song Is You," "One Day At A Time," "Come On Love," "Sunshine Eyes," "It Sounds Like You're Saying Hello," and "It's Time That I Knew You Better."
Success with Jim Croce.
In 1971, Cashman and West signed as artists with ABC-Dunhill and produced the first of three Jim Croce albums, "You Don't Mess Around With Jim". Recorded in the fall of 1971 and released in April 1972, this album produced three hit singles. Simultaneously, Cashman and West were on the charts with their first single, their tribute to New York City, the "American City Suite."
In 1973, Cashman and West produced Croce's "Life and Times" and "I Got A Name" albums. They received five gold records for their work on Jim Croce’s hits - #1 singles "Bad, Bad Leroy Brown" and "Time in a Bottle," and three albums (You Don’t Mess Around With Jim, Life and Times, and I Got A Name), all three now which have reached platinum status. Croce and Muehleisen perished in a small plane crash in Natchitoches, Louisiana on September 20, 1973.
Cashman and West went on to record two more albums for ABC-Dunhill, "Moondog Serenade" and "Lifesong".
Tommy West recorded the solo single "I Know" which reached #114 in Record World, and #30 in Billboard's "Easy Listening" Top 50, early 1977.
Career as a producer.
In 1974, Cashman and West produced records by Jim Dawson and Mary Travers. In 1975, they formed Lifesong Records and recorded singer-songwriter Henry Gross, who in 1976 had a million-selling single "Shannon". West also recorded "Hometown Frolics," his solo album. In 1978, Cashman and West produced Dion's "The Return of the Wanderer." West began recording in Nashville in 1978, producing an album by Gail Davies and beginning a five-album collaboration with Ed Bruce.
In 1984, West entered into a partnership with Mary Tyler Moore's MTM Records, based in Nashville. Production credits during this time include recordings by Judy Rodman, Holly Dunn, and Girls Next Door and The Metros from Minneapolis. West produced three #1 country singles - "You’re The Best Break This Old Heart Ever Had" with Ed Bruce; "Until I Met You" with Judy Rodman; and "Love Someone Like Me" with Holly Dunn.
In 1992, Tommy West launched High Harmony Records. Its initial release, "Through The Raindrops," by harmonica virtuoso Robert Bonfiglio, remained on the Billboard New Age chart for nine months. The album made the Top Twenty New Age year-end chart in "Billboard" and launched Bonfiglio's success on the QVC Network, where his appearances generated over 200,000 units. In 1993, West teamed up with Anne Murray and produced "Croonin"' a collection of classic pre-rock songs of the fifties. The album achieved double platinum status in Canada and had a substantial run on the American charts as well. "Croonin" received a Juno Award as best engineered pop recording of 1993. In 1994, West produced "Kindred Spirits" with New Age pianist Andy Wasserman. In 1996, West produced "Always On My Mind", a collection of pop standards with Robert Bonfiglio for Time-Life Records. In 1997, West produced "Healing In The Dark" with acoustic rock duo Blonde on Blonde. He produced a Bonfiglio Christmas TV special for PBS called "Home For The Holidays." In 1998, he produced "Playing God" with singer-songwriter Bob Hillman. A second album, "Welcome To My Century", was recorded in 2000. In 1999, West again teamed up with Anne Murray and produced "What a Wonderful World", a two CD collection of inspirational and secular "message songs." This recording reached #1 on the Billboard Magazine Contemporary Christian chart, achieving double platinum status in the United States.
In 2000, West produced Susan Piper's album, "The Truth Comes Out". In 2001, West produced eight Christmas songs with Anne Murray as part of a project entitled "What a Wonderful Christmas". In 2002, West produced "Country Croonin"' a thirty-song double CD of timeless country classics, which was certified gold in 2004 by the RIAA. In 2004, West produced "All of Me" with Anne Murray, a collection of pop standards from The American Songbook.
Tommy West continues to focus on new singer/songwriters and records many of his projects in his state of the art studio, "Somewhere In New Jersey", which was wired by his stepson Blair. Most recently he teamed up with former RCA Recording artist Jim Dawson and former Terry Cashman Cashman and West Tour Manager, John Battiloro to produce the Anthem "Back together again" for The Global Medical Relief Fund at his New Jersey Studio. Mr. Battiloro also engineered.

</doc>
<doc id="19882678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19882678" title="List of Are You Afraid of the Dark? cast members">
List of Are You Afraid of the Dark? cast members

This is a list of the cast members of the science fiction/horror-themed children's television series, Are You Afraid of the Dark?. The cast members are part of the "Midnight Society" during the series. Members who are in "Bold" are in their first season of the show. If a "final" is located by them in a season, then that is their final season on the show as a member. 

</doc>
<doc id="19882698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19882698" title="Captain Courageous">
Captain Courageous

Captain Courageous may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19882700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19882700" title="Akaparambu">
Akaparambu

Akaparambu, or Akapparambu, is a village in the Ernakulam district of Kerala, India near the Cochin International Airport and south of the town of Angamaly. The people are mostly Malayam Christians of the Syrian Orthodox Church, but there are many Hindus and other religions who all live together in peace and mutual respect. Recent thuggish attacks on two of the Christian churches by mentally challenged outsiders are being dealt with seriously by the authorities.
Economy.
In the past, people of Akaparambu worked on the land .These region had vast paddy fields and people here were engaged in rice cultivation. Now many of the people work at the airport, which is less than 1 km away. From being quiet rural location about 15 years ago, before the airport was proposed, land has become hot property in this region. Akaparambu and other communities in the area such as Nayathodu, Vapalassery, Avanamkodu, Thuruthussery, Athani and Chengamanad are seeing a huge rise in the price of land. Akaparambu may find itself in the heart of a full-fledged airport city ten years from now.
Churches.
Christianity has a long history in the region, coming here long before the religion reached Europe and other places. Tradition is that Saint Thomas the Apostle established the Syrian Church in AD 52.
Akaparambu Mor Sabor Mor Aphroth Church.
This is one of the ancient churches of the Ankamaly diocese of the Malankara Syrian Orthodox Church. In the title deed of the church and in ancient revenue and tax records the church is referred to as the Akaparambu Valiyapally.
Mor Sabor and Mor Aphroth are said to be two saintly men who came to Malankara to preach the Gospel with a group of Syrian Christian immigrants led by a merchant named Sapor Esho. They are said to have disembarked at Quilon (Kollam) in c. 822. The church at Akaparambu is believed to have been established in A.D. 825.
All the Patriarchs of Antioch who visited India have visited Mor Sabor and Afroth Jacobite Syrian Orthodox Cathedral.
The church is famous for its murals, which are of great antiquity. The Malankara Metropolitan bishop St.Mor Athanasius Paulose Pynadath(1918–1953) was christened in this church. The Jacobite Bishop and educationalist Mor Gregorios Vayaliparambil Pynadath(1899–1966) belonged to this parish church.For centuries the Church at Ankamaly and the Mor Sabor and Mor Afroth chapel at Akaparambu were a united parish and was administered by one council as is evident in the record of a general body meeting of 16-8-1069 (Malayalam Calendar).
Sts.Girvasis & Prothasis Catholic Church.
This is an old Catholic Church located at Akapparambu
Kalari.
The Akapparambu Kalari has a kalary temple without roof and main prathishta is headed by Lord Virabhadran. The other prathishtas in the temple are Lord Ganesha, Saraswati Bhagawati, Rekteswari and Bhuvaneswari. Astrology, mantra-tandra and Ayurveda (treatment) were the main profession of the members, who did not have very deep knowledge in Sanskrit and Ayurveda. It is difficult to recruit members of the new generation to this profession.
Eravikulangara Bhagavathi Temple.
The Eravikulangara temple is an ancient Hindu temple dedicated to Bhagavan Shiva and Bhagavan Ayyappan. Vilwamangalam Swamiyar had 'The Darshan of Devi' (the sight of the divine) at this place, hence the hillock where the temple is situated is also called Thiruviluam Kunnu.

</doc>
<doc id="19882712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19882712" title="Vougiouklakis">
Vougiouklakis

Vougiouklakis (Βουγιουκλάκης) or Vougiouklaki (Βουγιουκλάκη) is a Greek surname. It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19882719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19882719" title="Paglicci 23">
Paglicci 23

Paglicci 23 is the name for human remains found in Paglicci Cave in Apulia, Italy that have been dated to 28,000 years Before Present.
In 2008, a scientific team led by David Caramelly tested Paglicci 23 and found that mtDNA sequences corresponding to positions 
16024-16383 were identical to the Cambridge Reference Sequence. The result was exhaustively tested for possible contamination and replicated in a separate test.
The paper does not assign any haplogroup to the results as the mtDNA segment is too small to draw any conclusions in this regard. Many haplogroups, however, are defined by mutations in this segment as indicated in the table below.
As a result, the sample can confirm that the mtDNA does not correspond to any of the above modern extant haplogroups. The sample is however confirmed to belong to haplogroup R: 16263 is a critical marker for haplogroup R. The sample does not rule out nor confirm that the sample may belong to haplogroup H as this group is distinguished from haplogroup R by mutations at position 73 which has not been replicated in this study. The haplogroup R node and the CRS sequence are disinguished by various mutations outside the sequenced region.

</doc>
<doc id="19882734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19882734" title="Pedigree Dogs Exposed">
Pedigree Dogs Exposed

Pedigree Dogs Exposed was a BBC One investigative documentary, produced by Jemima Harrison, which looked into health and welfare issues facing pedigree dogs in the United Kingdom. It was originally broadcast on 19 August 2008.
The Kennel Club (KC), the governing body of pedigree dogs in the UK that runs the prestigious dog conformation show Crufts, was criticized for allowing breed standards, judging standards and breeding practices to compromise the health of pedigree dogs.
The programme generated much criticism of the Kennel Club. It also caused various sponsors and trade exhibitors to withdraw their participation from Crufts and other Kennel Club events. The BBC—which has broadcast Crufts for 42 years—withdrew its coverage of Crufts for 2009, and chose not to renew it for 2010.
The Kennel Club initially denied the filmmakers' assertion that many dogs suffer from diseases and stated that the vast majority of dog breeds are healthy. It also lodged a complaint with broadcasting regulator Ofcom, claiming unfair treatment and editing. Due to strong public opinion, it later rolled out new health plans and reviewed breed standards for every breed. Some breeders have condemned the Club for overreacting. Ofcom's final ruling upheld KC's complaints regarding the lack of a right of reply for some allegations made by the programme but dismissed complaints made in various other areas. The ruling also acknowledges that KC's geneticist Jeff Sampson's views were misrepresented but states that as a whole, the KC was not treated unfairly.
Three separate health reports were commissioned as a result of the programme. Reports by the Royal Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals, Associate Parliamentary Group for Animal Welfare and Sir Patrick Bateson (funded by the KC and Dogs Trust) concluded that current breeding practices are detrimental to the welfare of pedigree dogs and made various recommendations that can be taken by the Kennel Club and breeders to improve pedigree dog health.
A follow-up program Pedigree Dogs Exposed - Three Years On was broadcast on BBC 4 on 27 February 2012.
Content.
A Cavalier King Charles Spaniel was shown to be in agony due to a condition known as syringomyelia, which occurs as a result of the skull being too small for the brain. Veterinary Neurologist Dr Claire Rusbridge described the brain as a "size 10 foot that's been shoved into a size 6 shoe" and estimated that up to 1/3 of the breed suffers from this problem. Another problem that plagues the breed is heart disease. Cardiologist Simon Swift explained that about half of all Cavaliers aged 5 would have heart murmurs and the rate increases, such that by age 10 to 11 almost all Cavaliers would have the condition.
About three-quarters of the 7 million dogs in the UK are pedigree breeds, and the programme revealed that they chalk up 10 million pounds' worth of vet fees every week. Leading geneticist Steve Jones attributed one of the key problems to inbreeding. RSPCA Chief Vet Mark Evans singled out competitive dog showing as responsible.
Drastic change.
Old photos of the Dachshund, Basset Hound, Bull Terrier, Bulldog, Pug and German Shepherd Dog were shown to illustrate how much the breeds have changed over the past century. The German Shepherd used in the show ring was contrasted with the working German Shepherd, which still looks much like the German Shepherd of old.
Crufts Judge Terry Hannan insisted that the working German Shepherds are anatomically incorrect, and that it is the show dog that conforms to the breed standard. When it was put to the Chairman of the Basset Hound Club that they were breeding deformed congenital dwarfs, he rejected that accusation, claiming that current Basset Hounds look very much like those of the 1800s. When shown a photo of a Basset Hound from sixty years ago, he was less than impressed.
Countering Bulldog breeders' claims that the breed's extreme traits, such as severe underbite and facial wrinkles, are for historical fighting purposes, historian David Hancock pointed out that "the way in which breeders try to justify the short face, the excessive wrinkling and the physique it now depicts as being traditional is just simply untrue." The programme stated that bulldog heads have become so large that the majority are unable to give birth naturally and puppies must be whelped by caesarian section.
The Boxer breed was presented as suffering from heart diseases and high rate of cancer. One Boxer was shown having an epileptic seizure.
Dogs were initially bred for practical functions such as hunting and guarding, but according the programme, in the middle of the 19th century they became a status symbol, and dog breeding became a sport. The function of the dog then took a back seat to appearance.
RSPCA Chief Vet Mark Evans called the Crufts show "a parade of mutants" and "a freakish, garish beauty pageant that has frankly nothing to do with health and welfare." He pointed out that breed standards take no account of temperament and fitness for purpose.
Eugenics.
The programme traced the Kennel Club's history to the eugenics movement, on which it said purebred dog breeding is based (see Purebred dogs and eugenics). A Rhodesian Ridgeback breeder interviewed on the programme advocated the culling of healthy ridgeless puppies because breed standards forbid ridgelessness in the breed. The Chairman of the Rhodesian Ridgeback Club stated that she considered ridgelessness a genetic fault. The ridge is a genetic trait, the presence of which is claimed to make the dog more prone to suffer from dermoid sinus. The programme mistakenly claims that the ridge itself is a mild form of spina bifida. (See below) One in twenty puppies is born ridgeless. A section of the code of ethics of the Rhodesian Ridgeback Club was shown to state that "Ridgeless puppies shall be culled."
When asked about the practice of culling healthy puppies, Kennel Club chairman Ronnie Irving denied knowledge of such practices and said that they were not acceptable. It was shown that after the interview, the Kennel Club wrote to the Rhodesian Ridgeback Club condemning the practice and requested that the club review their code of ethics. The breed club said that the Kennel Club knew about the code of ethics, as they have to be ratified by the Kennel Club every year.
Apart from Ridgebacks, other examples of cosmetic culling that were mentioned included Great Danes with nonstandard markings, white German Shepherds, and white Boxers, although it was mentioned that cosmetic culling is not as common as before, as more breeders choose to neuter individuals who do not meet breed standards.
The programme pointed out that selectively bred dogs were in poorer health than mongrels.
Inbreeding.
Deliberate inbreeding, including mother-to-son, father-to-daughter and brother-to-sister matings was said to result in serious genetic disease being perpetuated in many breeds. A 2006 report by Companion Animal Welfare Council called for major changes, stating that "inbreeding needs to be controlled" and that "animals with genetic defects should be barred from breed shows." Irving rejected the claims in the report, saying that it was based on emotion rather than science.
A 2004 paper authored by the Kennel Club's own geneticist Jeff Sampson mentioned that "Unfortunately, the restrictive breeding patterns that have been developed as part and parcel of the purebred dog scene have not been without collateral damage to all breeds..." and that "increasingly, inherited diseases are imposing a serious disease burden on many, if not all, breeds of dogs." Yet when interviewed for the programme, Sampson claimed that "the vast majority of dogs we register [...] will live long, happy, and healthy lives." A study by Imperial College, London, showed that the 10,000 pugs in the UK are so inbred that their gene pool is the equivalent of only 50 individuals.
Health testing.
It was shown that of the more than two hundred breeds registered by the Kennel Club, compulsory health tests exist only for the Irish Setter and Irish Red and White Setter. The Kennel Club defended the lack of health testing requirements, saying that it would drive breeders away from the Club. The president of the British Veterinary Association Nick Blayney agreed with the Kennel Club, stating that "if it becomes too reactionary and loses the support of the majority, it would cease to have any influence. They are doing the best they can in a very difficult situation."
The programme pointed out that no official system for recording hereditary diseases exists, and claimed that any health screens that exist are "often inadequate or ineffective." In the Cavalier breed, responsible breeders have used heart screening tests since 1995, but because many ignore veterinarian advice to only breed dogs over a certain age, there has been no health progress in that front. The Kennel Club defended the lack of improvement, stating that things could have been worse had nothing been done.
Positive steps.
The programme acknowledged the Kennel Club's attempts to fix the health issues, in the form of the Accredited Breeder Scheme, and funding for DNA tests, but said neither solved the issue of inbreeding. It also acknowledged that Chairman Ronnie Irving had spoken out about exaggerated traits in some breeds. Some breeds standards, such as the Bulldog's, have been changed to temper the exaggerations. Instead of a "massive head," the new breed standard calls for a "large head." The Kennel Club has also added health and welfare issues to the curriculum for judges. But the programme warned that all that would come to naught if breeders continued to deny the need for change, or interpret breed standards any way they like.
Sick champions.
The programme showed examples of individuals with serious inherited diseases being crowned show champions. Such individuals are not forbidden from being bred and some go on to produce offspring who inherit the same diseases.
It was reported that the 2003 Crufts champion – a Pekingese – had to sit on an ice pack to have its photo taken. The programme explained that the breed tends to overheat due to its inability to breathe properly, as a result of its flattened face. The dog was revealed to have undergone a soft palate resection earlier, to fix a problem caused by the flattened face. Professor Dan Brockman from the Royal Veterinary College explained that the condition is inherited and is very likely to be passed down to later generations. Despite that, the Crufts champion had sired 18 litters.
The programme stated that people in the dog world who try to do the right thing find it tough going against "a system that often rewards doing the wrong thing." It pointed out that the Kennel Club had started funding research into Syringomyelia in Cavaliers but that breeders were not taking the issue seriously. It also pointed out that because of her proactive approach to the Syringomyelia issue, Cavalier owner Carol Fowler had been subject to vitriolic attacks in online mailing lists. Breeder Margaret Carter also took up the issue after her own dogs were diagnosed with the condition, and she is lobbying for change as part of the Breed Club's health committee.
A Cavalier that won a Best-in-Show was revealed by Carter to have the condition. (One and a half months after the programme aired, Carter was removed from the Cavalier Club Committee for this "breach of confidentiality".) Despite veterinarian advice not to breed from the dog, the dog went on to sire 26 litters, adding to the 8 litters sired before the diagnosis. Dr. Claire Rusbridge expressed her incredulity: "If you took a stick and you beat a dog to create this pain that you could get from Syringomyelia, you'd be prosecuted, but there's nothing to stop you from breeding a dog that can be painful."
When told that the Kennel Club was not doing enough, Irving rejected the claim that many breeds were in trouble, and stated that the Kennel Club and its Charitable Trust are doing much to fix the problems in "some breeds." The programme ended with RSPCA Chief Vet Mark Evans calling for a "complete top-to-bottom review of breed standards and the rules and regulations of dog showing to move it away from its obsession with beauty through to quality of life...".
Reaction.
The programme, which spanned a production period of two years, was watched by 3.9 million viewers.
Before the programme aired, the Kennel Club issued a statement warning that the programme may be highly biased. After the airing, it released multiple press releases questioning the neutrality and "sensationalism" of the programme. It also lodged a complaint to broadcasting regulator Ofcom claiming "unfair treatment and editing". The BBC has stood by the journalism in the documentary.
The Rhodesian Ridgeback Club calls "absolute nonsense" the programme's claim that the ridge "serves no purpose" and says the ridge "defines the breed from any other large brown dog without a ridge which might be considered a crossbreed i.e. mastiff x pitbull or boxer x mastiff." Regarding the code of ethics statement which says "Ridgeless puppies shall be culled at birth," the Club points to the statement that follows, "if a breeder finds this morally impossible the puppy shall be homed..." as indication that culling is not mandatory. They have since revised their code of ethics to say "no healthy puppy will be culled."
The RSPCA stated that it is "concerned about the unacceptably high levels of disability, deformity and disease affecting pedigree dogs."
In his speech at the Welsh Kennel Club championship two days after the programme aired, Kennel Club Chairman Ronnie Irving said that "If this programme teaches us anything, I hope it will teach the 'purists' in some breeds that they simply must get a move on and realise that in these politically correct and well informed days, some old attitudes are simply no longer sustainable." Maintaining that the majority of dogs are healthy he said that "the roughly 90% of us who thankfully have healthy breeds must continue to guard against exaggeration and must bring pressure to bear on the laggards, otherwise we will – all of us – continue to be tarred with the same brush."
"Dogs Today" editor Beverley Cuddy, who said in the programme that "dogs are falling apart" and "the number of genetic problems are increasing at a frightening pace" disputes the Kennel Club's 90% figure. She points to a Kennel Club/British Small Animal Veterinary Association health survey, which shows that 37.4% of dogs had at least one serious health issue by age 5, and adds that the Kennel Club had to discount conditions such as hip dysplasia, slipping patellas and hereditary cataracts to get their 90% figure.
On 5 October 2008, Margaret Carter, who revealed the health condition of the Best-of-Breed Cavalier in the film, was voted out of the Cavalier King Charles Spaniel Club (CKCSC) committee by its members in a Special General Meeting for "breach of confidentiality." The Kennel Club has expressed concerns with the decision by CKCSC. In January 2009, backed by grassroots members, Carter sought reelection to the committee, but was elected without a ballot being required as she was the only nominee. She has since withdrawn her nomination and quit the breed club after the club chairman, vice-chairman and secretary announced their resignation in response to Carter's nomination. Carter told "The Times": "My only interest was to improve the health of the dogs and it has never been my intention to damage the Cavalier King Charles club where I have been a loyal member for more than 30 years... The top showing people and breeders are the ones most threatened by health testing. They either want to win in the show ring or make money and they don't want health problems talked about." Club chairman Lesley Jupp said that "Her presence on the committee was unacceptable in the circumstances. Some people would have found it very difficult to work with her".
As a consequence of the programme, cat breeders have too come under pressure from veterinary and animal welfare associations, with breeds such as the Persian, Scottish Fold and Munchkin being singled out.
Sponsorships.
After the programme aired, BBC, which has broadcast Crufts for 42 years, announced that it was considering cutting its ties with the show. The Club too was considering their association with BBC, saying that they are confident of finding another broadcaster should things turn sour. Various sponsors including the Royal Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals, the People's Dispensary for Sick Animals and UK's largest dog welfare charity Dogs Trust have since pulled out of the show. On 24 October, principal sponsor Pedigree Petfoods withdrew their sponsorship of Crufts—estimated at between £0.5 to £1.5 million per year—ending a 44-year relationship, however remained an official sponsor through their Royal Canin Brand. That was followed by major sponsor Hill's Pet Nutrition's withdrawal from the event one week later.
On 12 December, BBC dropped Crufts 2009 from its schedule after failing to agree terms with the KC. Their request to drop 12 "at-risk" breeds from the main event was rejected by the Kennel Club, who called the request "unreasonable" and said that it would compromise their "contractual obligations" and "general responsibility to dog exhibitors and our audience." The Kennel Club's contract with the BBC is worth a six-figure annual sum and ends in 2010.
Revised breed standards.
On 7 October 2008 the Kennel Club announced that it is rolling out new health plans. Breed standards for every breed are under review and show judges will be required to take health into judging considerations. It has also requested regulatory powers from the Government, which would allow the club to take actions against breeders who do not comply with health standards. Some breed clubs have condemned the Kennel Club for overreacting. The bulldog breed council has rejected the new Bulldog standard, saying that they are "at a loss to understand in what way the health and general welfare of the breed could be improved by the proposed changes".
On 12 January, the Kennel Club released the revised breed standards, which will "not include anything that could in any way be interpreted as encouraging features that might prevent a dog from breathing, walking and seeing freely." "This will help to prevent the practice of exaggeration, where features that are perceived to be desirable, such as a short muzzle or loose skin, are made more prominent by breeders, and which can have detrimental effects on a dog’s health." Rules to ban close inbreeding (parent/child and sibling/sibling) would take effect 1 March 2009. Show rules have been changed to state "more clearly than ever" that judges should only "reward those dogs that are healthy representatives of their breed." Judges will also have the authority to eject unhealthy dogs from competitions. A Club spokesman said that the changes would take "several generations, to have an effect."
"Pedigree Dogs Exposed" producer Jemima Harrison calls the change "long overdue". RSPCA chief vet Evans welcomed the ban on close inbreeding but said that the breed standard changes were not "radical enough to really make a difference." He also expressed concern about how standards would be interpreted in the show ring. While some breeders have shown their support for the new standards, others are upset with the new standards and have threatened legal actions against the Kennel Club. The Chairman of the British Bulldog Breed Council said of the new Bulldog standard: "What you'll get is a completely different dog, not a British bulldog. There is no jowl, no upturn of the nose and the legs will no longer be wide in front and narrow behind."
Complaints to Ofcom and BBC.
Ofcom was set to release the results of its ruling on 9 November, but complaints by the BBC pressured Ofcom to hold off publishing it. The Kennel Club has stated its loss of confidence in the Ofcom complaints process.
The finding were eventually released on 9 December. Four of the Kennel Club's five areas of complaint were dismissed. The complaint that was partially upheld was with regard to the lack of a right of reply for some allegations. The KC claims 15 such instances but the ruling dismissed all but four: allegations regarding eugenics, comparison with Hitler, association with Nazi racial theory, and the implied cover-up of the operation undergone by the Crufts Champion. Two complaints by the Rhodesian Ridgeback Club of Great Britain were upheld: the unfair representation of research on Dermoid Sinus in Ridgebacks and the club's action with regard to the issue, and the description of the ridge of the breed as a deformity and a form of Spina Bifida. CKCS breeder Virginia Barwell's claim that she was portrayed as a "ruthless dog breeder" was rejected by Ofcom but it states that unfair editing oversimplified her views. Complaints by the CKCSC and Michael Randall, a German Shepherd handler who appeared in a brief footage, were not upheld.
The Kennel Club complaints upheld in the provisional findings that BBC had contested earlier was the unfair representation of Kennel Club geneticist Jeff Sampson's views and lack of an opportunity to respond for the Crufts Champion cover-up claim. While the provisional finding stated that there was "some unfair treatment" of the Kennel Club, the released finding acknowledges that Sampson's views were misrepresented but states that as a whole, the Kennel Club was not treated unfairly. The Kennel Club states that "Professor Sampson is our senior representative and spokesman on the health and genetic issues affecting dogs. It is therefore surprising that Ofcom doesn’t also conclude, on this occasion, that the Kennel Club itself was therefore unfairly represented. Ofcom has actually changed its mind on this point since its provisional decision."
Breeder Dave Moger, who is the health representative of the South and West Wales Cavalier King Charles Spaniel Club, filed a complaint against the program with the BBC Editorial Complaints Unit immediately after it aired. After pursuing the case for almost two years, going through five layers of the complaints and appeals process, in the final ruling the BBC Trust did not uphold the complaint.
In June 2011, the findings of two more complaints were released. After the Ofcom ruling, Pedigree Dogs Exposed was re-edited for sale and broadcast abroad. The two complaints claimed that the film was still misleading and did not comply with the Ofcom ruling. The BBC Editorial Standards Committee ruled that the re-edited script which says "the ridge predisposes the dogs to a mild form of Spina Bifida" was still inaccurate. The Committee stated that RSPCA Chief Vet Mark Evans' description of the ridge as a deformity was an expression of his opinion but that the Rhodesian Ridgeback Club representative should have been given a right to reply to that criticism. With regards to a complaint on the emphasis of culling healthy animal, committee ruled that while the film still included the statement that "it’s still enshrined in the Rhodesian Ridgeback Club’s code of ethics that ridgeless puppies shall be culled." the endboard which states that "Since the broadcast of Pedigree Dogs Exposed, the Kennel Club has introduced many changes… these include… a new Code of Ethics which prohibits healthy dogs being culled for cosmetic reasons." satisfied the requirements of the accuracy guidelines. Two other complaints were not upheld.
RSPCA Report.
In February 2009, the results of an independent scientific report commissioned by the RSPCA concluded that "exaggerated physical features and inherited diseases cause serious welfare problems in pedigree dogs." Quoting Arman (2007), the report states that "Society and sections of the veterinary profession have become 'desensitised to the welfare issues to such an extent that the production of anatomically deformed dogs is neither shocking, nor considered abnormal'". It also states that "Breeding practices and efforts by breed societies and kennel clubs, to date, have been ineffective at protecting the welfare of many breeds of domestic dog" and that "changes in breeding and selection practices are urgently required." The Kennel Club states that the report "fails totally to recognise the real steady progress and advance of scientific knowledge that has already been made in the area of pedigree dog health."
APGAW Inquiry.
The Associate Parliamentary Group for Animal Welfare (APGAW) released the results of its "inquiry into the health and welfare issues surrounding the breeding of pedigree dogs" in November. The report mentioned the "serious problem with the health and welfare of many pedigree dogs" and how they can be caused by current breeding practices. It made various recommendations: Breed standards should be based less on "visual aesthetics" and more on whether the dogs would be "fit for purpose". Where available for particular breeds, health tests should be strongly recommended and individuals not tested should have their test status reflected in registration certificates and should not be eligible for Champion titles.
The inquiry also stated that "the KC should make the decision about whether registering dogs or dog health and welfare is their primary objective and focus their attentions more precisely on this when taking this issue forward."
More4 was criticised for their plan to broadcast Crufts 2010. "Until the problems of health and welfare are dealt with, the showing of certain dogs with problems associated with inappropriate breed standards is wrong". A More4 spokesperson stated that its "coverage will place a particular emphasis on health and welfare issues, providing a high profile platform to keep these issues in the public eye – something that has been welcomed by the British Veterinary Association."
The APGAW report indicates that the low breeding standards practised by some in the KC's Accredited Breeder Scheme - a scheme meant to help potential dog owners identify responsible breeders - may allow the public to be "falsely led into thinking a puppy they buy from an accredited breeder registered with the KC will have no health or welfare problems associated with its breeding history." It called for more random checks and robust enforcement of the scheme and states that "the use of the word ‘pedigree’ should be tied to a high standard of breeding (for health and welfare) across the board with the KC not just with the few that decide to join the Accredited Breeder Scheme (ABS)."
The Inquiry believes that ultimately the KC can win back trust by showing that they are willing to take responsibility for dogs registered with them and that they are willing to lose members who do not meet high standards.
The report warned that if the health measures implemented by the KC fails, government regulations might be necessary. The Kennel Club has issued a response to the report. PDE producer Jemima Harrison condemned the KC's response, stating that they are downplaying the criticism of the KC in the report and misrepresenting the findings.
Bateson Report.
A peer reviewed independent inquiry into dog breeding, headed by Sir Patrick Bateson and funded by the Kennel Club and Dogs Trust, with support from Defra was released in January 2010.
"Form-driven selective breeding has changed the shape of well-known breeds away from the norm of 50 to 100 years ago by exaggerating specific features considered particularly characteristic of the breed" and in many cases, this has had a negative impact on welfare. In some cases, selection for specific characteristics written in breed standards "can be demonstrated to be directly threatening to health and welfare."
To the outsider, it seems incomprehensible that anyone should admire, let alone acquire an animal that has difficulty in breathing or walking. Yet people are passionate about owning and breeding animals which they know and love, even though the animals manifestly exhibit serious health and welfare problems [...] Notwithstanding the motivations of the breeders, the time has surely come for Society as a whole to take a firm grip on the welfare issues that evidently arise in dog breeding.
The report stated that showing and judging is a powerful lever for change, as demonstrated by the change in form for many breeds but that this powerful lever can now be used to achieve the desired improvement in welfare. Revisions to breed standards should "recognise the need to avoid the selection for extreme morphologies that can damage the health and welfare of the dog" and in breeds already with a problem, standards should "encourage the selection for morphologies that will improve the welfare status of the breed."
Excessive levels of inbreeding is caused by a small founding population (see founder effect), the deliberate use of inbreeding (including line breeding) to fix desired characteristics, and closed stud books. While inbreeding "can have the beneficial effect of purging some damaging traits", it can fix recessive deleterious traits, result in accidental selection of deleterious traits and also cause reduced fitness (see inbreeding depression). Although the KC has already banned parent/child and sibling/sibling inbreeding, the report advised against grandparent/grandchildren matings as well. In breeds with insufficient genetic variations to allow selection towards high welfare dogs, "evidence-based outcrossing to resolve problems must not be ruled out simply to support what are no more than artificial boundaries around breeds."
The formation of a non-statutory Advisory Council on Dog Breeding was recommended as "it is difficult for the club to be both judge and jury when introducing proposals for reforms to breeders who hold strong opinions about dog breeding and are often deeply intransigent."
The report calls for a "rigorous, robustly policed and well-respected" quality assurance scheme to help buyers identify good breeders. The Kennel Club was advised to upgrade its Accredited Breeder Scheme promptly and apply for United Kingdom Accreditation Service accreditation, otherwise the Advisory Council should implement a new scheme. The report also covered issues beyond the programme's scope and also touched on large scale dog breeding.
The Kennel Club stated that it "welcomes the report’s focus on irresponsible breeders" and the recommendations "to tackle irresponsible breeders and to change the way the public think about buying dogs." It is "glad" that the report "suggests that the Kennel Club’s Accredited Breeder Scheme, with some modification could be used". It claimed that the report "could have gone further".
International broadcast.
In Australia, ABC1 aired "Pedigree Dogs Exposed" on 10 September 2009 provoking a similar public, breeder and media reaction that surrounded the original BBC broadcast.

</doc>
<doc id="19882761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19882761" title="Lucin, Utah">
Lucin, Utah

Lucin is an abandoned railroad community in Box Elder County, Utah, United States, along the western side of the Great Salt Lake, northwest of Salt Lake City.
History.
Lucin was founded in the late 19th century, about north of its current location, to provide a water stop for railroads to replenish their steam locomotives. The town was moved in 1903 to serve as a stop for the Lucin Cutoff. Historically, the town’s population consisted mainly of employees of the Central and Southern Pacific Railroads. In 1936 the town was abandoned, and then resettled by a group of retired railroad workers and their children. No one had lived in Lucin until 1997 when Ivo Zdarsky, manufacturer of the Ivoprop, a plane propeller, bought it and moved there, although the area is managed for migrating songbirds and other wildlife by the Utah Division of Wildlife Resources.
The town was named for a local fossil bivalve, the "Lucina subanta".
Lucin today.
Lucin is currently a ghost town. A description of what remains includes a pond fed by a pipe that brings water from the nearby Pilot Range, a group of trees in an otherwise barren desert, and various everyday items left by the former residents. There are no remaining buildings, but there are root cellars and two concrete phone booths.
The original grading of the railroad can be found heading northeast toward Promontory, Utah and the Golden Spike National Historic Site. 
The Lucin area is a popular stop for rockhounds looking for an apple- green chert-like phosphate mineral Variscite, also known as Utahlite and Lucinite.
Nearby is a large artwork called the Sun Tunnels, which was created by artist Nancy Holt in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="19882785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19882785" title="Manges Cabin">
Manges Cabin

The Manges Cabin in Grand Teton National Park, also known as the Old Elbo Ranch Homestead Cabin, Mangus Cabin and the Taggart Creek Barn, was built in 1911 by James Manges. Manges was the second settler on the west side of the Snake River after Bill Menor, setting up a homestead near Taggart Creek. James Manges (or Mangus) arrived in Jackson Hole in 1910, where he cut wood for Charles or William Wort. Manges' cabin is stated to have been the first two-story structure in the northern part of the valley. A root cellar was excavated beneath. The log and frame structure features wide eaves to keep the winter snow away from the walls. It was heated in winter by a single stove, with one room on each level. 
The cabin became part of Manges's ranch, which took on the character of a dude ranch with guest cabins. In 1926 Manges sold of the ranch to neighbor Frank Williams, who expanded the Double Diamond Dude Ranch with partner Joseph Clark Jr..
Elbo Ranch.
In 1926 Californian Chester Goss bought the property, as well as the neighboring Frank and Albert Bessette ranches. Goss, amassing a total of , expanded the accommodations and built a rodeo ground, racetrack, baseball field and store and renaming the property the Elbo Ranch. The Elbo's advertising called it "The Home of the Hollywood Cowboy." The Snake River Land Company bought the Elbo ranch in 1929 as part of its work to assemble lands in Jackson Hole for preservation in an expanded national park. The SRLC allowed the National Park Service to use some Elbo Ranch cabins for employee housing. Harry Epenscheid operated the ranch in 1942, and Katie Starratt leased the Elbo from the late 1940s until 1958, when her operation and the Elbo name moved to the Ramshorn.
The ranch was acquired by the Park Service in 1956 and was used as employee housing. By 1973 the Park Service had removed most of the structures and was using the cabin as a barn. The Manges Cabin was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="19882799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19882799" title="Sahlins">
Sahlins

Sahlins may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19882810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19882810" title="Sibyl Sanderson">
Sibyl Sanderson

Sibyl Sanderson (December 7, 1864May 16, 1903) was a famous American operatic soprano during the Parisian Belle Époque.
She was born in Sacramento, California, in the United States. Sibyl's father Silas Sanderson was a California politician and lawyer; after serving as Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of California, he became a highly paid legal advisor to the Southern Pacific Railroad. After his death in 1886, she and her mother moved to Paris and became transplanted socialites. Sanderson proved to be a remarkably gifted singer and began to appear on the stages of the Opéra-Comique, and later Opéra, in Paris, most notably in the works of Jules Massenet. She was his favorite soprano and appeared in the premieres of a number of his operas, the roles having been created for her unique talents (her professional debut took place in Paris in the title role in "Esclarmonde"). 
She was also a famous interpreter of "Manon", Massenet's most enduring opera. Sanderson was also admired by Camille Saint-Saëns, who wrote the title role in "Phryné" for her. Success outside of Paris was elusive for Sanderson; she appeared at Covent Garden and the Metropolitan Opera (debut in title role of "Manon" on January 16, 1895, the last performance as Juliette in "Roméo et Juliette" on December 31, 1901) to lackluster reviews.
In 1897 she married a Cuban millionaire and sugar heir Antonio E. Terry (d. 1899), after which she temporarily halted her operatic activity, making an unsuccessful comeback two years later.
Her last years were marred by depression, alcoholism and illness and she died in Paris of a malignant influenza (pneumonia), at the age of thirty-eight. Sanderson was responsible for helping launch the career of another soprano made famous in the French repertoire, Mary Garden.

</doc>
<doc id="19882857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19882857" title="Ughelli Township Stadium">
Ughelli Township Stadium

Ughelli Township Stadium is a stadium in Ughelli, Nigeria. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the temporary home stadium of Ocean Boys FC. The stadium has a capacity of 5,000 people and was built in 2002. It hosted matches for the 2006 Women's African Football Championship and for the 2008 WAFU U-20 Championship

</doc>
<doc id="19882874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19882874" title="SMS Nautilus">
SMS Nautilus

SMS "Nautilus" was a German minelaying cruiser built before World War I. The ship was built by AG Weser, Bremen. The ship served during the war, and was scrapped in 1928.
Design.
"Nautilus" was equipped with eight 8.8 cm SK L/45 naval guns. The guns fired 22 lb shells at a muzzle velocity of 2133 feet per second. The guns could elevate to 25 degrees, for a maximum range of 10,500 yards. The ship also carried 200 mines.

</doc>
<doc id="19882883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19882883" title="Small cancellation theory">
Small cancellation theory

In the mathematical subject of group theory, small cancellation theory studies groups given by group presentations satisfying small cancellation conditions, that is where defining relations have "small overlaps" with each other. Small cancellation conditions imply algebraic, geometric and algorithmic properties of the group. Finitely presented groups satisfying sufficiently strong small cancellation conditions are word hyperbolic and have word problem solvable by Dehn's algorithm. Small cancellation methods are also used for constructing Tarski monsters, and for solutions of Burnside's problem.
History.
Some ideas underlying the small cancellation theory go back to the work of Max Dehn in 1910s. Dehn proved that fundamental groups of closed orientable surfaces of genus at least two have word problem solvable by what is now called Dehn's algorithm. His proof involved drawing the Cayley graph of such a group in the hyperbolic plane and performing curvature estimates via the Gauss-Bonnet theorem for a closed loop in the Cayley graph to conclude that such a loop must contain a large portion (more than a half) of a defining relation.
A 1949 paper of Tartakovskii was an immediate precursor for small cancellation theory: this paper provided a solution of the word problem for a class of groups satisfying a complicated set of combinatorial conditions, where small cancellation type assumptions played a key role. The standard version of small cancellation theory, as it is used today, was developed by Martin Greendlinger in a series of papers in early 1960s, who primarily dealt with the "metric" small cancellation conditions. In particular, Greendlinger proved that finitely presented groups satisfying the C'(1/6) small cancellation condition have word problem solvable by Dehn's algorithm. The theory was further refined and formalized in the subsequent work of Lyndon, Schupp and Lyndon-Schupp, who also treated the case of non-metric small cancellation conditions and developed a version of small cancellation theory for amalgamated free products and HNN-extensions.
Small cancellation theory was further generalized by Alexander Ol'shanskii who developed a "graded" version of the theory where the set of defining relations comes equipped with a filtration and where a defining relator of a particular grade is allowed to have a large overlap with a defining relator of a higher grade. Olshaskii used graded small cancellation theory to construct various "monster" groups, including the Tarski monster and also to give a new proof that free Burnside groups of large odd exponent are infinite (this result was originally proved by Adian and Novikov in 1968 using more combinatorial methods).
Small cancellation theory supplied a basic set of examples and ideas for the theory of word-hyperbolic groups that was put forward by Gromov in a seminal 1987 monograph "Hyperbolic groups".
Main definitions.
The exposition below largely follows Ch. V of the book of Lyndon and Schupp.
Pieces.
Let
be a group presentation where "R" ⊆ "F"("X") is a set of freely reduced and cyclically reduced words in the free group "F"("X") such that "R" is "symmetrized", that is, closed under taking cyclic permutations and inverses.
A nontrivial freely reduced word "u" in "F"("X") is called a "piece" with respect to (∗) if there exist two distinct elements "r"1, "r"2 in "R" that both have "u" as maximal initial segment.
Note that if formula_2 is a group presentation where the set of defining relators "S" is not symmetrized, we can always take the "symmetrized closure" "R" of "S", where "R" consists of all cyclic permutations of elements of "S" and "S"−1. Then "R" is symmetrized and formula_3 is also a presentation of "G".
Metric small cancellation conditions.
Let 0 < "λ" < 1. Presentation (∗) as above is said to satisfy the C'("λ") "small cancellation condition" if whenever "u" is a piece with respect to (∗) and "u" is a subword of some "r" ∈ "R", then |"u"| < "λ"|"r"|. Here |"v"| is the length of a word "v".
The condition C'("λ") is sometimes called a "metric small cancellation condition".
Non-metric small cancellation conditions.
Let "p" ≥ 3 be an integer. A group presentation (∗) as above is said to satisfy the C("p") "small cancellation condition" if whenever "r" ∈ "R" and
where "u""i" are pieces and where the above product is freely reduced as written, then "m" ≥ "p". That is, no defining relator can be written as a reduced product of fewer than "p" pieces.
Let "q" ≥ 3 be an integer. A group presentation (∗) as above is said to satisfy the T("q") "small cancellation condition" if whenever 3 ≤ t < "q" and "r"1...,"r"t in "R" are such that "r"1 ≠ "r"2−1..., 
"r"t ≠ "r"1−1 then at least one of the products "r"1"r"2...,"r"t−1"r"t, "r"t"r"1 is freely reduced as written. 
Geometrically, condition T("q") essentially means that if "D" is a reduced van Kampen diagram over (∗) then every interior vertex of "D" of degree at least three actually has degree at least "q".
Basic results of small cancellation theory.
Greendlinger's lemma.
The main result regarding the metric small cancellation condition is the following statement (see Theorem 4.4 in Ch. V of) which is usually called 
Greendlinger's lemma:
Let (∗) be a group presentation as above satisfying the C'("λ") small cancellation condition where 0 ≤ "λ" ≤ 1/6. Let "w" ∈ "F"("X") be a nontrivial freely reduced word such that "w" = 1 in "G". Then there is a subword "v" of "w" and a defining relator "r" ∈ "R" such that "v" is also a subword of "r" and such that 
Note that the assumption "λ" ≤ 1/6 implies that  (1-3"λ") ≥ 1/2, so that "w" contains a subword more than a half of some defining relator.
Greendlinger's lemma is obtained as a corollary of the following geometric statement:
Under the assumptions of Greendlinger's lemma, let "D" be a reduced van Kampen diagram over (∗) with a cyclically reduced boundary label such that "D" contains at least two regions. Then there exist two distinct regions "D"1 and "D"2 in "D" such that for "j" = 1,2 the region "D""j" intersects the boundary cycle ∂"D" of "D" in a simple arc whose length is bigger than (1-3"λ")|∂"D""j"|.
This result in turn is proved by considering a dual diagram for "D". There one defines a combinatorial notion of curvature (which, by the small cancellation assumptions, is negative at every interior vertex), and one then obtains a combinatorial version of the Gauss-Bonnet theorem. Greendlinger's lemma is proved as a consequence of this analysis and in this way the proof evokes the ideas of the original proof of Dehn for the case of surface groups.
Dehn's algorithm.
For any symmetrized group presentation (∗), the following abstract procedure is called Dehn's algorithm:
Note that we always have 
which implies that the process must terminate in at most |"w"| steps. Moreover all the words "w""j" represent the same element of "G" as does "w" and hence if the process terminates with the empty word, then "w" represents the identity element of "G".
One says that for a symmetrized presentation (∗) "Dehn's algorithm solves the word problem in" "G" if the converse is also true, that is if for any freely reduced word "w" in "F"("X") this word represents the identity element of "G" if and only if Dehn's algorithm, starting from "w", terminates in the empty word.
Greendlinger's lemma implies that for a C'(1/6) presentation Dehn's algorithm solves the word problem.
If a C'(1/6) presentation (∗) is finite (that is both "X" and "R" are finite), then Dehn's algorithm is an actual non-deterministic algorithm in the sense of recursion theory. However, even if (∗) is an infinite C'(1/6) presentation, Dehn's algorithm, understood as an abstract procedure, still correctly decides whether or not a word in the generators "X"±1 represents the identity element of "G".
Asphericity.
Let (∗) be a C'(1/6) or, more generally, C(6) presentation where every "r" ∈ "R" is not a proper power in "F"("X") then "G" is aspherical in the following sense. Consider a minimal subset "S" of "R" such that the symmetrized closure of "S" is equal to "R". Thus if "r" and "s" are distinct elements of "S" then "r" is not a cyclic permutation of "s"±1 and formula_9 is another presentation for "G". Let "Y" be the presentation complex for this presentation. Then (see and Theorem 13.3 in ), under the above assumptions on (∗), "Y" is a classifying space for "G", that is "G" = "π"1("Y") and the universal cover of "Y" is contractible. In particular, this implies that "G" is torsion-free and has cohomological dimension two.
More general curvature.
More generally, it is possible to define various sorts of local "curvature" on any van Kampen diagram to be - very roughly - the average excess of vertices + faces - edges (which, by Euler's formula, must total 2) and, by showing, in a particular group, that this is always non-positive (or - even better - negative) internally, show that the curvature must all be on or near the boundary and thereby try to obtain a solution of the word problem. Furthermore one can restrict attention to diagrams that do not contain any of a set of "regions" such that there is a "smaller" region with the same boundary.
Applications.
Examples of applications of small cancellation theory include:

</doc>
<doc id="19882886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19882886" title="San Estevan (Maya site)">
San Estevan (Maya site)

The San Estevan archaeological site is located in northern Belize 1 km from the modern community of San Estevan, Belize. The site is a Maya civilization site occupied during the Formative (800 BC – AD 300) and Classic (AD 300 – 900) eras of Mesoamerican chronology. San Estevan is located on the New River half way between the sites of Cerros and Lamanai. Beginning in the Late Formative period (300 BC – AD 300), San Estevan was a regional political center.
Archaeological investigations.
William Bullard mapped the civic-ceremonial center of the site in the 1960s where he carried out excavations and restored two Early Classic structures (I and II). During the Corozal Survey Project, Norman Hammond excavated at San Estevan and expanded Bullard's map with several additional plaza groups around the site core. It was the ceramic collections from these excavations at San Estevan along with initial testing at Nohmul, Santa Rita, Colha and Cuello that Duncan Pring first established the Swazey, Lopez Mamom and Cocos Chicannel phases. In 1989 and 1990, Laura Levi mapped outlying house groups at San Estevan in detail and excavated several domestic structures.
During the late 1990s, much of the monumental architecture in San Estevan's core was bulldozed and a large crater excavated for the underlying limestone marl in order to construct modern roads. Mound XV, at 15 m, is the highest structure remaining at the site and dates to the Late Formative period. This mound was only saved from the bulldozers due to the intervention of the Belize Department of Archaeology in the late 1990s. The damage to San Estevan is unfortunate, but provides remarkable access to the earliest occupation at the site's center. Taking advantage of the easy access to the earliest occupation levels, Robert Rosenswig of the University at Albany – SUNY began work on the earliest occupation levels at the site in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="19882910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19882910" title="College Avenue Secondary School">
College Avenue Secondary School

College Avenue Secondary School is one of three public high schools in Woodstock, Ontario under the Thames Valley District School Board and is named after the street on which it is located. It is built on the site of the former Woodstock College, which closed in 1926. It offers full courses for students in grade 9 through 12. The school is very proud of its visual arts program and also offers a large number of technology courses, most notably its recently introduced Hospitality program. The school also has a football team, as well as basketball, ice hockey, and volleyball teams called the CASS Knights. They offer a large variety of clubs, most notably the Band as well as Magic Club. The schools football team recently won the Varsity Cup.
Actress Andrea Roth and comedian Greg Morton attended this high school.

</doc>
<doc id="19882937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19882937" title="James Achilles Kirkpatrick">
James Achilles Kirkpatrick

Lieutenant Colonel James Achilles Kirkpatrick (1764 – 15 October 1805) was the British Resident at Hyderabad from 1798 to 1805. He also built the historic Koti Residency in Hyderabad, a landmark and major tourist attraction.
Biography.
James Achilles Kirkpatrick was born in 1764 at Fort St. George, Madras, Tamil Nadu. He replaced his brother William and arrived as resident in Hyderabad in 1795 according to William Dalrymple as a "cocky young imperialist intending to conquer India". There he became thoroughly enamored of Indo-Persian culture of Nizam's court, and gave up his English manner of dress in exchange for Persian costumes.
Although a colonel in the British East India Company's army, Kirkpatrick wore Mughal-style costumes at home, smoked a "hookah", chewed betelnut, enjoyed "nautch" parties, maintained a small harem in his "zenanakhana", spoke fluent Hindustani and Persian and openly mingled with the elite of Hyderabad. Kirkpatrick was adopted by the Nizam of Hyderabad, who invested him with many titles: "mutamin ul mulk" (safeguard of the kingdom), "hushmat jung" (valiant in battle), "nawab fakhr-ud-dowlah bahadur" (governor, pride of the state, and hero). He converted to Islam (in particular Shi'ism) and married a local Hyderabadi noblewoman called Khair-un-Nissa, the teenage granddaughter of Nawab Mahmood Ali Khan, the prime minister of Hyderabad. Towards the end of autumn of 1801, a major scandal broke out in Calcutta over Kirkpatrick's behaviour at the Hyderabad court. It raised a major furore because of the interracial nature of the marriage. 
Kirkpatrick’s downfall came with Lord Richard Wellesley’s appointment as Governor-General of India. Wellesley was an imperialist determined to reduce the Nizam to subservience. He strongly disapproved of British-Indian liaisons. Kirkpatrick was summoned to Calcutta, only to be reprimanded and dismissed. per Dalrymple, Kirkpatrick was summoned to Calcutta by Lord Cornwallis who wanted to take his advice and he died in Calcutta due to ill health.
James Achilles Kirkpatrick died in Calcutta on October 15, 1805. After his death, Khair-un-Nissa was taken care by James's assistant, Henry Russell who replaced him as resident in Hyderabad. He remained her assistant at Masulipatnam. Later on a visit to Madras, Russell married a half-Portuguese women and left Khair-un-Nissa by her own. Khair-un-Nissa returned to Hyderabad where she died on 22 September 1813 aged 27.
Kirkpatrick and Khair-un-Nissa together had two children: a son, Mir Ghulam Ali Sahib Allum and a daughter, Noor-un-Nissa Sahib Begum. After their father's death, they were later transported to England to live with their grandfather Colonel James Kirkpatrick, in London and Keston, Kent, leaving their mother in India. The two children were baptised on 25 March 1805 at St. Mary’s Church, Marylebone Road, and were thereafter known by their new Christian names, William George Kirkpatrick and Katherine Aurora "Kitty" Kirkpatrick. William was disabled in 1812 after falling into a copper of boiling water and had to have an arm amputated; he married and had three children but died in 1828 aged 27. Kitty was for a few years the love interest of the Scottish writer and philosopher Thomas Carlyle. She eventually married Captain James Winslowe Phillipps and went on to have seven children. She died in Torquay, Devon, in 1889.
Popular culture.
A large part of "White Mughals", a book by the historian William Dalrymple, concerns Kirkpatrick's relationship with Khair-un-Nissa.

</doc>
<doc id="19883019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19883019" title="Yahui">
Yahui

Yahui is a term and concept associated with multiple meanings within the culture and belief systems of the Mixtec—indigenous Mixtecan-speaking peoples of the region known as La Mixteca in central-southeastern Mexico. It is an important and recurring motif in Mixtec iconography, thought and culture, especially during the pre-Columbian era. As a supernatural figure, the yahui appears in Postclassic Mixtec codices as an entity wearing a serpent or reptilian tail and headdress (similar to the "xiuhcoatl" motif) and the carapace of a turtle.
Depictions of yahui-figures appear in several Mixtec codices, including the Codex Zouche-Nuttall, Codex Vindobonensis Mexicanus I, Codex Selden, Codex Bodley, Codex Egerton, and Codex Becker I/II. 
The yahui appears in two main forms: the "nahual", or man-animal composite figure, and the animal figure. In the animal form, a reptilian head is combined with a tortoise shell body, reptilian arms and legs, claws and the flint-fire motif on the tips of the tail and nose. The animal yahui appears in cosmogony scenes illustrating the origins of ritual and cultural phenomena.
In the "nahual" form, the yahui animal imagery is combined with a male, human head. In some depictions, the nahual possesses reptilian claws, while other depictions portray the figure with human hands. At times, the nahual figures holds sacrificial knives and perform sacrificial rites or other ceremonial activities. 
A third form of yahui depiction incorporates the flint-flame motif into personal name symbolism of specific figures in the Mixtec codices. This third form has been referred to as the "glyphic" form for its significance as a phonetic signifier in personal names. One can view the glyphic usage of the flint-flame motif on page 28 of the Codex Bodley. The artist depicted Lord 4 Wind's mummy bundle, only his crocodile helmet and flint-flame nose poking out to aid in identification of his personage to viewers. 
The yahui appears in a few other works of art from the pre-Columbian era. One of these depictions is viewable by the public in one of the Zapotec tombs in Zaachila. 
As a real, historical figure, the yahui probably performed cosmological rites in caves and on hilltops. In his Politics of Symbolism in the Mixtec Codices (1994: 42-47), John Pohl explored the role of the yahui as a member of a group of ruling figures.
Scholarship on the Yahui.
Mary Elizabeth Smith identified the yahui as the "xiuhcoatl-turtle-sacrificer" when she analyzed the Codex Muro and colonial Mexican documents. She identified the flint-flame tail motif and turtle carapace as the key symbols that distinguish the yahui from other specific figures in the Mixtec codices. She suggested that the meaning of those motifs extended beyond aesthetic, cosmological, and historical symbolism and into the realm of linguistics. 
Pohl dedicated an entire chapter of his "Symbolism in the Mixtec Codices" (1994) to a discussion of the yahui. Most recently, Pohl has suggested that one testimony provided during the mid-sixteenth century Inquisition proceedings in Yanhuitlan may be from a practicing yahui priest. 
Maarten Jansen contributed a major advancement in scholarship on the yahui when he suggested in "La dinastia de Anute: historia, literatura e ideologia de un reino mixteco" (2000) that the yahui is incorporated into the creation story of Cuilapan recorded by fray Gregorio Garcia. Through a linguistic comparison of the original Spanish story to a theoretical reconstruction of the pre-Columbian Mixteco version, Jansen realized that the codex from which fray Gregorio Garcia worked probably referenced the yahui. If one follows Jansen's conclusion, one would conclude that a yahui was one of two siblings descended from the Mixtec primordial gods, the creator-couple sharing the same calendrical day-name One Deer.

</doc>
<doc id="19883020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19883020" title="Princess Disneymania">
Princess Disneymania

Princess Disneymania is Disney's first compilation album in the "Disneymania" series. It was released on September 30, 2008. The album features various artists renditions of classic songs sung by the Disney Princesses. The album became the lowest-peaking of the series, peaking at #191 on the "Billboard" 200.

</doc>
<doc id="19883030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19883030" title="Leek's Lodge">
Leek's Lodge

Leek's Lodge is part of a former resort and dude ranch in Grand Teton National Park, near Jackson Lake. The ranch was specifically intended to offer activities to boys in a frontier setting. Its founder, Steven N. Leek, was instrumental in the establishment of the National Elk Refuge in Jackson Hole. The rustic lodge was built in 1927.
The camp operated as a park concessioner after the establishment of Jackson Hole National Monument in 1943. In 1977 the camp was operated as part of Signal Mountain Lodge and most remaining buildings were removed. A 1998 fire destroyed the main lodge, leaving only the chimney standing. The Park Service-operated Leek's Marina is located at the site.
Leek's Lodge was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on September 5, 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="19883044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19883044" title="Hubert Bourdot">
Hubert Bourdot

Hubert Bourdot (30 October 1861 – 30 September 1937) was a French Roman Catholic priest and mycologist who was a native of Imphy, a community in the department of Nièvre.
From 1898 until his death, Bourdot was a parish priest in Saint-Priest-en-Murat. He was a member of the "Société Mycologique de France", serving as its vice-president in 1919, and later becoming an honorary president (1929). He bequeathed his mycological collection to the "Museum National d'Histoire Naturelle" in Paris.
With mycologist Amédée Galzin (1853–1925), he was co-author of a series of publications (1909–1925) involving Hymenomycetes native to France (published in the "Bulletin de la Société Mycologique de France").

</doc>
<doc id="19883046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19883046" title="Takis Vougiouklakis">
Takis Vougiouklakis

Takis Vougiouklakis () is a Greek director and producer.
Biography.
He was born in Athens and is the relative of the former prefectural leader of Arcadia, judge Ioannis Vougiouklakis and Aimilis Koumoundourou.
He is the brother of Aliki Vougiouklaki.
He began and finished his studies in Rome, Italy and began at the Pro-Deo University where he studied and went on to work as a director at the Centro Sperimentale di Cinematografia (CSC).
In his first vocational step, he worked as second unit director, next to the best Greek and foreign directors of the Golden Age of Greek film.
He effectively directed in 1963, began his radio directors for 40 theatrical works and then in television with many serials, shows and celebrated programs.
He began directing films in 1970.
His next artwork tribunes were the theatrical script "anevazondas" and 52 musicals, comedies, dramas, etc. by 2008.
In 1975 he became a show businessman.
He ran a movie production and theatrical companies and television programming.
He was BD member of "Arma Thespidos" (National Theatrical Stage) for three years as General Μanager.
He worked as a consultant for the Ministry of Culture.
For several years, he was a member of the Critics Commission at the Thessaloniki Film Festival.
He was councillor of ANT1 TV station and general commissioner of the Intellectual Property of Writers and Directors.
He was elected Public Councillor of the municipality of Vrilissia; he became president of the city's Cultural Center.
He was elected again and became president of that municipality's public council.

</doc>
<doc id="19883085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19883085" title="Castberg">
Castberg

Castberg is a Norwegian surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="19883086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19883086" title="Philip Sherrard">
Philip Sherrard

Philip Owen Arnould Sherrard (23 September 1922 – 30 May 1995) was a British author, translator, and philosopher. His work includes important translations of Modern Greek poets, and books on Modern Greek literature and culture, metaphysics, theology, art and aesthetics. A pioneer of Modern Greek studies in England, he was influential in making major Greek poets of the nineteenth and twentieth centuries known in the English-speaking world. He was also a prolific writer on theological and philosophical themes, addressing the origins of the social and spiritual crisis he believed was occurring in the developed world, and specifically exploring modern attitudes towards the environment from a Christian perspective.
Biography.
Philip Owen Arnould Sherrard was born on 23 September 1922 in Oxford. His family had many connections with the literary world of the period: his mother, Brynhild Olivier, had been a member of Rupert Brooke's circle before the First World War and his half-sister was married to Quentin Bell, the nephew of Virginia Woolf. He was educated at Dauntsey's School and at Peterhouse, Cambridge, where he obtained a degree in history.
Sherrard first came to Greece as a soldier after the liberation of Athens in 1946. The culture and traditional way of life of the country made a profound impression on him. At this time he first corresponded with the poet George Seferis, whose work he was subsequently to translate into English. He also met and married his first wife, Anna Mirodia. After living for a period in London, he returned to Greece to serve as Assistant Director of the British School of Archaeology at Athens in 1951-52 and again in 1957-62. His doctoral thesis on the Greek poets Solomos, Palamas, Cavafy, Angelos Sikelianos and Seferis (King's College, London) was published in 1956 as "The Marble Threshing Floor". In the same year he was baptised in the Orthodox Church.
In 1959 Sherrard bought part of disused magnesite mine near the small shipping town of Limni on the island of Evia. He planted trees and plants where the former mine installations had been, and helped to restore the homes of the former directors who had lived there before the mine was abandoned at the outbreak of the Second World War. In 1970 he accepted a lectureship on the history of the Orthodox Church, a post attached jointly to King's College, London and the School of Slavonic and East European Studies (SSEES). After his resignation in 1977, he moved back to Greece, where Limni now became his permanent home.
In 1979 he married his second wife, the publisher Denise Harvey. In 1980, together with Keith Critchlow, Brian Keeble and the poet Kathleen Raine, he was one of the founding members of the journal "Temenos", a review devoted to the "arts of the imagination". This eventually led to the foundation of the Temenos Academy, a teaching organisation based in London.
Sherrard died in London on 30 May 1995 at the age of 72 and was buried near the Orthodox chapel he had had built on his property.
Writings.
Sherrard's first book was "The Marble Threshing Floor" (1956), an "introduction to modern Greek poetry for English-speaking readers, which, together with his translations, brought the poetry of Cavafy and Seferis, together with its cultural background, to the attention of the literary world.". As a translator of Modern Greek poetry, he had a long and productive collaboration with Edmund Keeley. They produced many books together, among them "Four Greek Poets" (1966), the "Collected Poems" of George Seferis (1967) and of C.P. Cavafy (1975) and "Selected Poems" by Angelos Sikelianos (1979) and Odysseus Elytis (1981). The importance of these translations is indicated by the fact that both Seferis and Elytis went on to receive the Nobel Prize for Literature after their work had become known beyond the Greek-speaking world.
In his writing, Sherrard often attempted to avert what he saw as an oncoming environmental catastrophe. He saw the world’s ecological crisis as evidence of a larger spiritual crisis and sought always to "emphasize the living relevance of the Orthodox spiritual tradition in a fragmented secular world.". He produced a number of works developing this theme, including "The Sacred in Life and Art", "Human Image: World Image: The Death and Resurrection of Sacred Cosmology", and "The Rape of Man and Nature".
Among the works for which he is best known (together with his collaborators Kallistos Ware and G. E. H. Palmer) is the complete translation of the Philokalia, a compendium of mystical writings by the spiritual fathers of the Orthodox church. 1998 saw the posthumous publication of "Christianity: Lineaments of a Sacred Tradition", a collection of articles dealing with subjects such as Tradition, death and dying, the problem of evil, and the revival of contemplative hesychast spirituality.
Bibliography.
Poetry
As Editor or Translator
As Contributor

</doc>
