<doc id="18544958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18544958" title="22nd General Assembly of Nova Scotia">
22nd General Assembly of Nova Scotia

The 22nd General Assembly of Nova Scotia represented Nova Scotia between 1859 and 1863.
The assembly sat at the pleasure of the Governor of Nova Scotia, George Augustus Constantine Phipps.
Stewart Campbell was chosen as speaker for the house.
The 22nd General Assembly was actually the 21st assembly of the province, and earned its name due to an error. According to the 1983 revised edition of "The Legislative Assembly of Nova Scotia 1758 -1983 : a biographical directory":
List of Members.
Notes:

</doc>
<doc id="18544959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18544959" title="KLJY">
KLJY

KLJY (branded as Joy FM) is a commercial-free contemporary Christian radio station serving the Greater St. Louis area who bought the former KFUO-FM signal. KLJY located in Clayton, Missouri, operates at 99.1 MHz. It is transmitted with an effective radiated power of 100 kW. Its transmitter is located in Shrewsbury, Missouri. The studio is located in Des Peres, Missouri. In addition to broadcasting music, the station also sponsors community service events and activities throughout the St. Louis area.
History.
Joy FM was originally founded by former WCBW employees, namely Sandi Brown, after that station was sold in 1997. The creators decided from the beginning the new station would be a non-commercial, listener supported station so it could "never be sold." At the beginning, Joy FM had two rimshot stations operating at 94.1 (KPVR) and 97.7 (KHZR) FM. The 94.1 signal was leased out in 2010, but has since resumed broadcasting the same signal feed that 97.7 and 99.1 FM, the former KFUO-FM signal Joy FM purchased and began broadcasting Contemporary Christian music on July 7, 2010, do. A controversy from the beginning, the sale enraged local Classical music fans, due to the loss of the only remaining St. Louis radio station devoted completely to Classical music. After the sale, to increase the awareness of the new signal, bumper stickers and billboards of the new "99.1 Joy FM" insignia appeared throughout the St Louis region, prompting tremendous growth of listenership versus the old station.

</doc>
<doc id="18544962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18544962" title="2008 Western &amp; Southern Financial Group Women's Open – Doubles">
2008 Western &amp; Southern Financial Group Women's Open – Doubles

Bethanie Mattek and Sania Mirza were the defending champions, but chose not to participate that year.
Maria Kirilenko and Nadia Petrova won in the final 6–3, 4–6, [10–8], against Su-wei Hsieh and Yaroslava Shvedova.

</doc>
<doc id="18544966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18544966" title="Bavarian B V (articulated)">
Bavarian B V (articulated)

The articulated variant of the Bavarian B V was an unusual, 0-6-6, steam locomotive in the Royal Bavarian State Railways ("Königlich Bayerische Staats-Eisenbahnen").
The articulated B V was a four-coupled locomotive built by Maffei at their own expense. It was based on the Class B V but, instead of having a third coupled axle, the back of the engine was supported by the front of the tender, called in German a "Stütztender" or "supporting tender". This was similar to the earlier Engerth design which articulated the tender with the main locomotive frame, allowing some of the weight of the fuel and water to be carried on the driving wheels to improve adhesion. Because the tender was articulated, rather than directly attached to the frame, the locomotive could traverse relatively sharp curves, while still enjoying the advantage of the additional adhesive weight gain. The articulated B V was not a success; it's riding qualities were poor and only one example was produced.

</doc>
<doc id="18544968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18544968" title="Border Guard (disambiguation)">
Border Guard (disambiguation)

Border Guard may refer to one of the following border guards:

</doc>
<doc id="18544980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18544980" title="Pittsburgh Piranhas">
Pittsburgh Piranhas

The Pittsburgh Piranhas, were a semi-pro basketball team, that began play in 1994 as part of the Continental Basketball Association. The team played all of its home games at the A.J. Palumbo Center located on the campus of Duquesne University in Pittsburgh. From 1983-1985 the Piranhas were known as the Louisville Catbirds and then as the La Crosse Catbirds from 1985 until relocating to Pittsburgh in 1994. During their first year in Pittsburgh, the Piranhas made it to the CBA Championship. The team was defeated though in a best of seven series against the Yakima Sun Kings.
The team only lasted one season, before folding. According to Bob Murphy, the owner of the Piranhas, the main reason for collapse of the franchise was the team's attendance. The average attendance for the team was 1,600. For the team to be profitable, it needed an average of 3,000.
1994-95 Playoffs.
Reference:

</doc>
<doc id="18544986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18544986" title="Sharkdefense">
Sharkdefense

SharkDefense is a research organization and think tank focused on shark bycatch reduction. Its core research involves chemical and electrochemical shark repellent technologies. SharkDefense's repellent experiments have been featured extensively in the US and European media. 
SharkDefense is the discover of the permanent-magnetic and electrochemical repellent effects on sharks. These findings represent the first research efforts focused exclusively at selectively repelling sharks from commercial fishing gear without affecting the target catch. The repellent effect of electropositive metals on sharks was confirmed by the National Marine Fisheries Service, notably, Stoner and Kaimmer, (Fisheries Research Volume 92, Issues 2-3, August 2008, Pages 162-168, 2008), and studies completed by Brill et al. (2008) and Wang et al. (2008) also support the repellent effects. The preliminary research results on permanent magnetic shark repellents were reviewed, judged, and awarded the first place 2006 WWF SmartGear award. Recently (2008) the The Department of Primary Industries and Fisheries (DPI&F) and James Cook University (JCU), Australia confirmed that permanent (ferrite) magnets technology repel grey reef sharks, hammerheads, sharp-nosed sharks, blacktip sharks, the vulnerable sawfish and the critically endangered spear tooth shark. 
In 2009, SharkDefense licensed its technologies to Repel Sharks LLC, which has commercialized aerosol, electropositive metal, and magnetic shark repellents. Magnetic shark repellents and Electropositive shark repellents are part of active research programs at SharkDefense. 
History.
SharkDefense was formed in September 2001 by Eric Stroud and Jean Stroud. Its research program began at the Oak Ridge Shark Laboratory with a search for trace chemical messengers present in decayed shark tissue. Previously (1943), Burden et al. from the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution (WHOI) had reported that decayed shark tissue was successful at halting feeding in captive dusky smoothound sharks ("Mustelis canis"). In the efforts to develop and test a chemical shark repellent package led by Dr. Harold Coolidge of the Harvard Museum, the WHOI team selected ammonium acetate as the active in the decomposing shark tissue, however, instrumental analysis by the Oak Ridge Shark Lab in 2002 failed to find ammonium acetate. It was hypothesized by SharkDefense that ammonium acetate was an approximation of the ammonium cation (based on the ammonia-like smell of the shark tissue or a urea-urease reaction), and the acetate conjugate base (based on the acetic acid which WHOI had already found to have repellent properties). After 2002, many new compounds were found and catalogued by SharkDefense, who maintains a repellent compound database.
Milestones.
1. Apr. 15, 2003 – First successful field test of a semiochemical shark repellent, Triangle Rocks, South Bimini, Bahamas
2. May 2004 – A gustatory shark repellent (“5ISO”) is isolated and successfully tested
3. Nov. 2004 – Accidental discovery of the repellent effects of a rare-earth magnet is made at the Oak Ridge Shark Lab
4. Jul 12, 2005 – Testing at Achotines, Panama on captive yellowfin tuna ("T. albacares") confirms that both semiochemical mixtures and the gustation compound are selective shark repellents and do not repel a commercially-valuable fish species.
5. Sep. 15, 2005 - A 0.1ppm solution of a synthetic shark repellent compound terminates tonic immobility in juvenile lemon sharks ("N. brevirostris").
6. Nov. 16, 2005 – Chemical repellents are successfully incorporated into a time-release gel matrix, providing more than 4 hours of protection time.
7. May 1, 2006 – Accidental discovery is made using an electropositive metal as an experimental control at South Bimini, Bahamas.
8. May 11, 2006 – SharkDefense is the grand prize winner of the 2006 WWF Smart Gear competition for its proposal on permanent magnet shark repellents.
9. Aug. 31, 2007 - Fish attractant qualities of the gustation compound are confirmed.
10. Jun. 2007 – SMART Hook technology developed.
Current members.
2001 – Present. Mr. Eric M. Stroud (Seton Hall University, Ph.D. candidate) was the co-founder of SharkDefense and led the initial research to identify chemical repellent actives. He is currently the managing partner and is researching chemical signals and necromones as part of his PhD.
2006 – Present. Dr. Patrick H. Rice (University of Miami, RSMAS), partner, joined the SharkDefense team in 2005 while researching the repellent effects of permanent magnets. He is presently the director of marine sciences at Florida Keys Community College and is senior marine biogist with SharkDefense.
2006 – 2012. Mr. Craig P. O’Connell (Coastal Carolina University, Ph.D. student), partner, joined the SharkDefense team as marine biologist in 2006 while working on a contract shark repellent-sunscreen project at South Bimini, Bahamas. He is currently researching magnetoreception as a shark bycatch mechanism for his Ph.D.
2010 - 2011. Mr. Conrad Eskelinen (DiveBum Studios), partner, joined the SharkDefense team as creative director in 2010.
2003 – Present. Dr. Samuel H. Gruber (University of Miami, RSMAS, professor emeritus), consultant, has assisted and supervised many SharkDefense repellent trials at the Bimini Biological Field Station.
2003 - Present. Mr. Grant T. Johnson (South Bimini, Bahamas), consultant, providing field and testing support.
2004 – Present. Ms. Katie Grudecki (South Bimini, Bahamas), consultant, providing field and testing support.
2004 – 2010. Mr. Sean Williams (Bimini Biological Field Station), consultant, providing field testing support.
References.
O’Connell, C.P., D.C. Abel, and E.M. Stroud. 2011. Analysis of permanent magnets as elasmobranch bycatch reduction devices in hook-and-line and longline trials. Fish. Bull. 109(4): 394-401.
O’Connell, C.P., S.H. Gruber, D.C. Abel, E.M. Stroud. and P.H. Rice. 2011. The responses of juvenile lemon sharks, Negaprion brevirostris, to a magnetic barrier. Ocean Coast. Manag. 54(3): 225-230.
O’Connell, C.P., Abel, D.C., Rice, P.H., Stroud, E.M. and Simuro, N.C. 2010. Responses of the Southern Stingray (Dasyatis americana) and the Nurse Shark (Ginglymostoma cirratum) to Permanent Magnets. Mar. Freshw. Behav. Phy. 43: 63-73.
O'Connell, C.P. 2008. Investigation of Grade C8 Barium Ferrite (BaFe2O4) Permanent Magnets as a Possible
Elasmobranch Bycatch Reduction System. In: Swimmer, Y., J.H. Wang, and L. McNaughton. 2008. Shark deterrent and incidental capture workshop, April 10-11, 2008. U.S. Dep. Commer., NOAA Tech Memo., NOAA-TM-NMFS-PIFSC-16. 72p.
PUBLICATIONS IN PREPARATION
Stroud, E. M., C. P. O’Connell, P. H. Rice, B. B. Barnes, M. Elshaer, N. H. Snow, J. E. Hanson (Submitted). “Chemical Shark Repellent: Myth or Fact? The effect of a shark necromone on shark feeding behavior”. Ocean Coast. Manag. 
O’Connell, C.P., P. He, T.J. O’Connell, M.K. Maxwell, R.C. Reed, C.A. Smith, E.M. Stroud and P.H. Rice. (In Preparation). The Use of Permanent Magnets to Reduce Elasmobranch Encounter with a Simulated Beach Net. 2. The Great Hammerhead Shark (Sphyrna mokarran). 
O’Connell, C.P., P.He, J. Joyce, E.M. Stroud, and P.H. Rice. (In Preparation). Effects of the SMART Hook™ (Selective Magnetic and Repellent-Treated Hook) on Spiny Dogfish Catch in the Gulf of Maine. 
O'Connell, C.P., E.M. Stroud, P. He, T.J. O'Connell, P.H. Rice, G. Johnson, and K. Grudecki. (Submitted). The Use of Permanent Magnets to Reduce Elasmobranch Encounter with a Simulated Beach Net. 1. The Bull Shark (Carcharhinus leucas). Ocean Coast. Manag. 

</doc>
<doc id="18544989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18544989" title="USS Viburnum (AN-57)">
USS Viburnum (AN-57)

USS "Viburnum" (AN-57/YN-76) was a which served with the U.S. Navy in the Pacific Ocean theatre of operations. While operating in the Caroline Islands, she was severely damaged when struck by what appeared to be a Japanese torpedo. However, she continued her work as well as she could, and, when she returned to the United States, she was considered too damaged to repair. She was sold in her damaged condition, and was eventually scrapped.
Constructed in California.
"Viburnum" (AN-57) -- a wooden-hulled, net-laying ship -- was originally classified as "YN-76" when the ship's keel was laid on 9 December 1943 at Stockton, California, by the Pollock-Stockton Shipbuilding Company. Re-classified to "AN-57" on 1 January 1944, the ship was launched on 26 April 1944; sponsored by Mrs. R. F. Chavin, the wife of Brigadier General R. F. Chavin, USA, the commanding officer of the United States Army's Stockton Ordnance Depot. "Viburnum" was commissioned at the Pollock-Stockton yard on 2 June 1944, Lt. Benjamin A. Smith, USNR, in command.
World War II service.
Pacific Ocean operations.
After shakedown out of the Naval Net Depot, Tiburon Bay, California, and post-shakedown repairs and alterations at Long Beach, California, "Viburnum" departed Treasure Island, San Francisco, California, on 15 August, bound for Pearl Harbor with two high-speed sled targets in tow. The net-layer reached Pearl Harbor on 27 August, delivered her tows, and subsequently pushed on for Majuro, in the Marshall Islands, where she arrived on 15 September. Assigned to Service Squadron 10, "Viburnum" shifted to Ulithi, in the Caroline Islands, soon afterwards.
On 28 October 1944, "Viburnum" was tending the net installation at Doa Channel, Ulithi. Late that morning, she picked up a net section from the depot ship "Tuscana" (AKN-3) and proceeded to stretch a double net section early in the afternoon. 
Struck by a Japanese mine.
At 1457, a sudden, violent explosion blew the port side of the forecastle deck upward, and the ship's commanding officer, Lt. Smith, ordered all hands to stand by to abandon ship. The blast had killed two men and blown a dozen others over the side. The latter were swiftly rescued by a boat from "Volans" (AKS-9). "Arapaho" (ATF-68) came alongside "Viburnum" at 1550, joined shortly afterwards by "Zuni" (ATF-95); the latter consequently moored the stricken net-layer alongside the destroyer tender "Dixie" (AD-14) for a thorough check of the damage.
The ensuing investigation revealed that a Japanese submarine mine had blown a hole in the starboard side of the ship extending 10 frames' length (from frame 10 to frame 20) and to a point within five feet of the main deck. The explosion had broken the keel, and the hole extended about eight feet up from the keel on the port side. In ensuing days, a work crew from "ARB-6" cleared away the wreckage, and the ship's force recovered the bodies of the two men killed. From November 1944 to January 1945, "Viburnum" received repairs from "Jason" (ARH-1) and "Vestal" (AR-4) before she was docked in floating drydock "AFDL-32" and repaired enough to resume active operations about 9 February 1945.
End-of-war operations.
"Viburnum" remained at "Ulithi", performing limited harbor work in a protected harbor into the spring of 1945. She sailed for the west coast of the United States on 9 May, stopped briefly at Pearl Harbor en route, and arrived at San Francisco, California, on 5 June. 
Post-war evaluation and disposition.
Due to the heavy workload on west coast yards for repairs to damaged combatant vessels, the Navy did not desire full restoration of "Viburnum". Accordingly, the net-laying ship was decommissioned and placed in an "in-service" status on 12 July 1945. 
"Viburnum" was placed out of service on 3 January 1946, and her disposal was authorized on 17 January. Her name was struck from the Navy list on 21 January, and the former net-layer was transferred to the United States Maritime Commission on 12 August 1947. The vessel was simultaneously delivered to Walter K. Wilms and Co., at Suisun Bay, and was probably scrapped soon afterwards.

</doc>
<doc id="18545000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18545000" title="KPVR">
KPVR

KPVR is a radio station in Bowling Green, Missouri and serves the western suburbs of St. Louis. KPVR airs a Contemporary Christian music format and is owned by Gateway Creative Broadcasting.

</doc>
<doc id="18545001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18545001" title="Paul Windiz">
Paul Windiz

Paul Windiz (born April 12, 1939 in Wilson, North Carolina) was a college and professional American football player. He played college football at East Carolina University. A flanker, he played professionally in the American Football League for the Buffalo Bills from 1961 through 1966, and for the Houston Oilers in 1966 and 1967. Windiz caught fifty passes for the Bills as a rookie. He played in five playoffs with the Bills and Oilers, winning three Eastern Division titles (1964-1966) and two American Football League Championships (1964 and 1965) with the Bills, and an Eastern Division crown with the Oilers (1967).

</doc>
<doc id="18545016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18545016" title="Arizona (play)">
Arizona (play)

Arizona is a dramatic play written in 1899 by Augustus Thomas, considered one of his best. The play takes place in Arizona Territory before the Spanish American War of 1898. 
The Territory became the U.S. state of Arizona in 1912.
Plot.
"Arizona" tells the story of the affection between a young cavalryman and a rancher's daughter. The cavalryman is accused of theft, forced to resign, and then accused of murder. Sub-plots include indiscretions of the young wife of an older cavalry officer, a cavalry officer who will not support his illegitimate child, and the love between a vaquero and the daughter of a German cavalry sergeant. Thomas based his play on his visits to Henry Hooker's Sierra Bonita Ranch and the two primary characters Canby and Bonita on Hooker's family. 
Setting.
The play is set just before the Spanish-American War and at Aravaipa Ranch, in the Aravaipa Valley near Fort Grant, Arizona.
Evening, the interior of the adobe courtyard of Canby's ranch house. 
Midnight, drawing-room of Colonel Bonham's quarters at Fort Grant.
Two months later, dining room at Aravaipa Ranch.
Twenty minutes later, the interior of the adobe courtyard of Canby's ranch house.
Production and reception.
The play opened in Chicago at Hamlin's Grand Opera House on June 12, 1899. With a cast led by Theodore Roberts, sets and costumes designed by Frederic Remington, and authentic characterization of the soldiers and citizens of Arizona Territory, it was received enthusiastically by the audience. The Chicago opening also featured a young Lionel Barrymore in a minor role as Lieutenant Young of the Eleventh Cavalry.

</doc>
<doc id="18545047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18545047" title="Kristina Vestveit">
Kristina Vestveit

Kristina Vestveit (born 24 August 1986) is a Norwegian rifle shooter. She was selected to represent Norway during the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. The Norwegian Shooting Federation had suggested to select Ingrid Stubsjøen, but Olympiatoppen selected Vestveit instead after good performances in the final World Cup event of the 2008 season.
Vestveit received her first international senior medal when she was only 18 years old, when she won the bronze medal in the 300 m Rifle Three Positions event during the European Championships in Belgrade 2005. A year later she became junior World Champion in 50 m Rifle Three Positions during the 2006 ISSF World Shooting Championships in Zagreb.

</doc>
<doc id="18545048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18545048" title="Jono Pandolfi">
Jono Pandolfi

Jono Pandolfi (born 1976) is an American ceramic artist and designer. He is a product designer and a visiting critic at the Parsons School of Design. 
After studying under Regis Brodie at Skidmore College, Pandolfi taught pottery at the Millbrook School before moving to New York City to design jewelry and manage the ceramics studio at Penn South. His custom tabletop ceramic pieces are in New York City restaurants Terrace 5 and Cafe 2 at the Museum of Modern Art, chef Daniel Humm's Eleven Madison Park, The Core Club and Clio. He designed a line of dinnerware ("Kona") for Crate and Barrel. Pandolfi also worked as a product designer at Dransfield and Ross for a year prior to joining Cambridge Silversmiths.
An avid fisherman, Pandolfi co-authored the book "Spin Fishing Basics". He is married to Erica Duecy, the Hotels and Restaurants Editor at Fodor's Travel Guides, and his brother, Chris Pandolfi, plays banjo in The Infamous Stringdusters.

</doc>
<doc id="18545084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18545084" title="47 mm kanon P.U.V. vz. 36">
47 mm kanon P.U.V. vz. 36

The 47 mm kanon P.U.V. vz. 36 was an anti-tank gun produced by the Škoda Works that saw service in World War II. Originally designed for the Czechoslovak Army, some were also sold to Yugoslavia. A number were appropriated by the Germans after the German occupation of Czechoslovakia in 1939 and used under the designations 4.7 cm Pak(t) or Pak 36(t). The Germans continued it in production and mounted it on the Panzerkampfwagen I chassis as the Panzerjäger I tank destroyer. A similar attempt to mount it on the chassis of captured Renault R-35 tanks was less successful.
The barrel had the unique feature of being able to swing 180° so the barrel lay flat over the trails for transport and the outer part of the trails could be also folded inward to reduce its size. The gun had a small shield and wooden-spoked wheels. Although rather elderly-looking, its performance was superior to most contemporary designs and the gun was armed with both AP rounds and HE rounds for infantry support.

</doc>
<doc id="18545101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18545101" title="Brant Haldimand Norfolk Catholic District School Board">
Brant Haldimand Norfolk Catholic District School Board

The Brant Haldimand Norfolk Catholic District School Board is a separate school board in Ontario, Canada. The school board is the school district administrator for the communities of the County of Brant, Haldimand County, and Norfolk County, Ontario.

</doc>
<doc id="18545105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18545105" title="Julia Abigail Fletcher Carney">
Julia Abigail Fletcher Carney

Julia Abigail Fletcher Carney, born Julia Fletcher (April 6, 1823, Lancaster, Massachusetts – November 1, 1908, Galesburg, Illinois) was an American educator and poet. She wrote the poem "Little things".
Educated at Lancaster Academy, Julia Fletcher achieved fame in 1845 for her poem "Little Things". In 1849 she married Thomas J. Carney, a Universalist minister; four of the couple's nine children died in infancy.
Julia Fletcher Carney wrote for "Universalist" and other periodicals; many of her poems were set to music and published in school text-books or as hymns.

</doc>
<doc id="18545110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18545110" title="2008 CONCACAF Under-20 Women's Championship">
2008 CONCACAF Under-20 Women's Championship

The 2008 CONCACAF Women's U-20 Championship was the 2008 championship for Under-20 women's national football (soccer) teams from the CONCACAF region. The tournament doubled as the qualification tournament for the 2008 FIFA U-20 Women's World Cup for the CONCACAF region. The tournament was played entirely at the Estadio Cuauhtémoc in Puebla, Pue., Mexico, from 17 to 28 June 2008. It was won by Canada, who defeated the United States in the final by a score of 1-0. Mexico finished 3rd, qualifying for the U-20 Women's World Cup.
Tournament.
The draw for the tournament took place on 6 May 2008 at the CONCACAF Offices of the General Secretariat in New York City.

</doc>
<doc id="18545116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18545116" title="Jack Smith (artist)">
Jack Smith (artist)

Jack Smith (18 June 1928 – 11 June 2011) was a British realist and, later, abstract artist.
Life.
Jack Smith was born in 1928 in Sheffield, Yorkshire.
Smith studied at Sheffield College of Art (1944–1946), Saint Martin's School of Art (1948–1950) and the Royal College of Art (1950–1953). At the RCA, Smith studied under John Minton, Ruskin Spear and Carel Weight.
Work.
During the 1950s, Smith's early work was in a neo-realist style known as "The Kitchen Sink School" featuring domestic subjects.
In the 1960s Smith abandoned realism and adopted a brightly coloured, abstract style comparable to those of Wassily Kandinsky and Piet Mondrian incorporating Constructivism and Biomorphism with elements of hieroglyphic and musical notation. Smith continued to develop and work in this style and did not return to realism.

</doc>
<doc id="18545119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18545119" title="San Carlos, Paraguay">
San Carlos, Paraguay

San Carlos del Apa is a city of Paraguay in the Concepción Department, and a historical site located between River Apa and Stream Blandengues.
Geography.
San Carlos is far from Asunción at 589 km, 90 km from the Brazilian port of the same name "San Carlos do Apa" and 200 km from Concepción. It is located on the border with Brazil.
Climate.
The maximum temperature reaches 40 degrees in summer, while the minimum in winter is up to minus 2 degrees. The average is 24 degrees Celsius.
The rainfall times are plentiful from November to January, and the driest months are from June to September. Winds are from the north, east and southeast.
Demographics.
San Carlos has a total of 690 inhabitants, of which 438 are men and 252 women. In urban areas there are 444 people and in rural areas 246.
Economy.
Residents of San Carlos are principally engaged in livestock and agriculture. The city is a reserve of clover plantation.
San Carlos has a landing field for light aircraft.
Getting there.
You reach the city by the west through farms, and by the east, passing through agricultural settlements, such as Colony Jose Felix Lopez, "Puentesiño" and Paso Bravo National Park. It has runways for air transport.
It is located 680 km north of Asunción.
History.
The Fortress of San Carlos was built in 1796 by order of Governor of Paraguay, Don Joaquin de Alos y Bru, years after the founding of the Villa Real de la Concepcion, on a small hill a few metres from the Apa River, with the aim of defending the region against the advance of bandits and Mbayaés Indians allied with the conquerors from Brazil. There, several battles were fought. The Governor sent the commander of Villa Real de Concepción, Don Luis Bernardo Ramirez on an expedition to establish a fort on the banks of River Apa. It also had barracks, housing, oratory, storage and cooking places for the soldiers guarding it. 
It is a sign of the presence of Spaniards since late 1700 and the government of José Gaspar Rodríguez de Francia. During the Paraguayan War there were fought several battles at the site, in 1867, Cnel. Urbieta defeated Brazilian troops and thus regained control of the fort.
Tourist attractions.
San Carlos is considered historic and touristic, because the ruins of Fort San Carlos del Apa are located there, scenario of numerous battles. The fort has high walls surrounding it and nowadays it receives many tourists.
Another attraction of San Carlos is its exuberant nature. The Caxoeira hills, Brazil, and the Cerro Paiva, Paraguay, complement the beautiful landscape next to River Apa. In the river it is possible to navigate and fish.
The Fortress of San Carlos is a historical heritage of both Paraguay, and Brazil. It is very close to the Mato Grosso.

</doc>
<doc id="18545144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18545144" title="Ptichopus angulatus">
Ptichopus angulatus

Ptichopus angulatus is a beetle of the Family Passalidae.

</doc>
<doc id="18545157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18545157" title="Suez Environnement">
Suez Environnement

Suez Environnement S.A. () is a French-based utility company which operates largely in the water treatment and waste management sectors. Formerly an operating division of Suez, the company was spun out as a stand-alone entity as part of the merger to form GDF Suez on 22 July 2008. GDF Suez remains the largest shareholder of the company with a 35% stake. Suez Environnement shares are listed on the Euronext exchanges in Paris and Brussels. The company has its head office in the 8th arrondissement of Paris.
Activities.
Suez Environnement operates in the water distribution and wastewater treatment industries, and in the waste management industry.
Water.
The Suez Environnement Group’s water-related activities include:
Suez Environnement also operates in the desalination domain.
The company organises its activities around a number of themes, including coastline protection, the provision of water to those without access, the distribution of water from alternative sources, the management of industrial impacts and the decontamination of soils.
Waste management.
Suez Environnement also:
Sustainable development.
The company has participated in several flagship projects, including a joint venture between Renault and SITA France (a Suez Environnement subsidiary) which seeks to achieve 95% reclamation of all vehicle car parts by 2015, and Lyonnaise des Eaux’s successful 12 million cubic metres water savings in 2006.
On the whole, indicators of this plan have been positive. The company has noted:
In recent years, the Group has been called to answer general criticisms regarding the privatisation of water distribution utilities and associated price increases, with apparently detrimental effects on the poor. The Group has responded that its investments and service provision have improved water quality and increased accessibility to water sources for people in the zones where it operates.
Financial results.
Financial results in millions of euros:
The Suez Environnement 2010 financial results were released on 9 February 2011. Revenues were up almost 13% on the previous year. The net result Group share (profit) was reported at €565 million, or €1.15 per share. EBITDA was recorded at €2,339 million, up 13.6% on the previous year.
Shareholder structure.
The largest shareholder in Suez Environnement as of 31 December 2010 is GDF Suez with around 35.4%. Other major stakes are held by Groupe Bruxelles Lambert (7.1%), employees of the company (0.9%), Caisse des Dépôts et Consignations (2.0%), Areva (1.4%), CNP Assurances (1.3%), and Sofina (0.8%). Some 52% of the shares are considered free float.

</doc>
<doc id="18545163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18545163" title="Museo Nacional de Bellas Artes de Asunción">
Museo Nacional de Bellas Artes de Asunción

The National Museum of Fine Arts of Asunción (), located on Mcal. Estigarribia and Iturbe St. in Asuncion, displays over 650 works of art, paintings, sculptures, ceramics, prints, photographs, Paraguayan and international artists. As well as antique coins, furniture and various objects that belonged to its creator. 
It was founded in 1909 by the collector Silvano Godoy, first director general of Museums and archives Paraguay. 
In the same building is the National Archives, which houses the largest collection of documents relating to the country's history.
History.
Arts in Paraguay.
Unlike other Latin American countries, which began after the Conquest a virtually continuous production and valuation of works of art, in Paraguay, the evolution of the arts in general was marked by the bumpy course of its history. 
The rich tradition of craftsmanship ethnicities populated the various territories that make up the country today, had no impact recognized during the colonization process. However, with the arrival of the Franciscan and Jesuit missionaries, began producing a gradual transformation in music, architecture and, more important, at the height of images, which played a decisive role the ability of native craft. 
After the expulsion of the Society of Jesus and the decline in the Franciscan presence, there was a sudden interruption in artistic production. This situation only began to change timidly in the 19th century with the emergence of two painters Paraguayans: Saturio Rios and Aurelio Garcia, which joined the arrival of European architects and builders who helped define the urban profile of the city of Asunción, capital of the new republic.
Although while Paraguayan War (1864–1870), hindered the development of the arts, offered an ideal scenario for the cultivation of satirical illustration. Journals Cabichuí and El Centinela, edited and printed on the front, represent two priceless examples, both from a historical point of view as aesthetic. For the impression his illustrations, both used the technique of etching, taking Gregorio Cáceres as one of its main creators. 
The massive influx of immigrants, among them several European artists, scored a valuable imprint on the development of national art. The Italian Guido Boggiani, discovers the indigenous art; academic Héctor Da Ponte, is dedicated to the training of young, and French July Mornet, remained seven years in Paraguay, where, among other activities, held a number of paintings that adorned the ceiling of Palace Lopez. 
Thanks to the efforts of Guido Boggiani and the collaboration of some cultural institutions, several young artists, Carlos Colombino, Juan Samudio, among others, had the opportunity to access scholarships in Italy, where he perfected his techniques in various schools of academic orientation. Upon his return, were devoted mainly to painting landscapes and portraits.
Juan Silvano Godoy.
For those same years, Juan Silvano Godoi, (1850–1926) a politician wealthy Paraguayan family, is given the task of shaping the first collection of plastic arts that come to the country. 
Due to the difficulties of Paraguayan politics, was forced to travel abroad on numerous occasions, which provided it with the purchase of a valuable collection of paintings and sculptures, among which works outstand Courbet, Murillo, Tintoretto, among others. Juan Silvano Godoi tilted mainly toward the late 19th-century painting, ranging from simple naturalism and academicism. His collection also was enriched by artists from Rio de la Plata. 
In the early years of the 20th century, the Paraguayan Government expressed the wish that all his works, were reunited within an institution, thereby laying the foundations for the current National Museum of Fine Arts. 
The Museum Godoy was finally established in 1909 under the direction of itself Godoy, until his death. In 1939, the institution was formalized by the State as National Museum of Bellas Artes.
Consolidation phase.
The works acquired by Juan Silvano Godoi come from artists of the 17th century, Italian and French half of 19th century, creators of Argentines who acquired some significance in subsequent decades and, of course, a whole generation of painters Paraguayans: Andres Campos Cervera, Carlos Colombino, Juan Samudio, Jaime Bestard, Holden Roberto Jara, Pablo Alborno, Modesto Delgado Rodas and Ignacio Núñez Soler, representatives of a school still in its infancy, but vibrant forces and energies. 
Among the works of Paraguayan artists stand out the collection of drawings Miguel Acevedo, a satirical vision of the so-called "belle époque" and its characters, composed of fifty-seven original works, considered one of the series more important that the museum owns. 
From the year 1989 saw a new relationship with the museum's public opening exhibitions of national and foreign artists, performing and organizing various educational and cultural activities, which have earned him recognition by the new generations. 
Memorable have proved exhibitions of Japanese photographer Daisaku Ikeda, the sample of German contemporary graphic display of fabrics and ethnic Bolivians. Also stresses exposure "Jataity vive", which shows finely embroidered clothes covered in "or"poi. 
The museum has a team of expert restorers, which allows developing a permanent vigilance, care and maintenance of works to treasure.
Museum's collection.
Paraguayan painting.
The collection of Paraguayan paintings has works by artists of the 19th century as Saturio Rios, Aurelio Garcia. Among the artists of the 20th century stand Andres Campos Cervera, Pablo Alborno, Juan Samudio, Hector Da Ponte, Miguel Acevedo, Modesto Delgado Rodas, Holden Roberto, Jaime Bestard, Fabiola Adam, Ofelia Echagüe Vera, Laura Marquez, Olga Blinder, Edith Jiménez, Carlos Colombino.
International painting.
Countries with the largest number of works are: Argentina, Brazil, Spain, France, Uruguay and Italy. They are also represented Germany, Bolivia, United States, Peru, Chile, Belgium, Korea and Philippines.
Sculpture.
Among the collection of sculptures highlighting the works of artists Paraguayans Patricia Ayala, Andres Campos Cervera, Roberto Ayala, Hugo Pistilli, Jorge Wheat and Angel Yegros and carvings created in the Reductions. The museum also displays works of sculpture by artists from France, Italy and Argentina.
Individual Collections.
Saturio Ríos
El Obispo Manuel Palacios
Andrés Campos Cervera
El Portalet, Vila Joyosa
Caacupe
Esopo
Cabeza de India
Pottery
Pablo Alborno
Cabeza de viejo
Muchacho con azada
Lapacho rosado
Lapacho amarillo
Anticoli
Paisaje veneciano
Juan Samudio
El árbol de Artigas
Paisaje de Venecia
Una noche en Burano
Roberto Holden
Campesino con niño
Mujer campesina
Retrato de Julio Correa
Olga Blinder
Cabeza
Chiperas
Ñandutí III
Jaime Bestard
El patio de mi madre
Campesino trabajando en trapiche
Miguel Acevedo
Arsenio López Decoud
El violinista Fernando Centurión
Jean Paul Casabianca
José Rodríguez Alcalá

</doc>
<doc id="18545170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18545170" title="The Tony Danza Tapdance Extravaganza">
The Tony Danza Tapdance Extravaganza

The Tony Danza Tapdance Extravaganza was an American extreme metal band, from Murfreesboro, Tennessee. Founded in 2004, the group derived their name (as a joke) from celebrity Tony Danza, upon one of his professions being tapdancing. The band released four studio albums.
History.
The Tony Danza Tapdance Extravaganza was founded in 2004. They chose their band name after actor Tony Danza; the humorous moniker is occasionally misinterpreted, as older concertgoers have attended shows in hopes of seeing Danza himself. The group signed with Corrosive Recordings in 2005 after self-releasing their debut album. Their second release, "Danza II: Electric Boogaloo", was issued in 2007 on Black Market Activities. The album's name is a parody of the Danzig album, ', as well as the 1980s film '. The album features short, humorous skits interspersed with the songs making fun of their surroundings growing up. The group has toured with Cattle Decapitation, Arsonists Get All the Girls, Veil of Maya, Full Blown Chaos, Despised Icon, The Acacia Strain, Beneath the Massacre, Unearth, See You Next Tuesday, The Red Chord, Shai Hulud, Psyopus, The Number 12 Looks Like You, Lye By Mistake, A Life Once Lost, and Emmure, among others. In March 2008, the band crashed their tour van after playing a show in Lewisville, Texas. Former member Brad Thomson founded Midgets with Machetes, a record label distributed by Uprising Records.
On September 24, 2009, the band announced that Layne Meylain and Mike Butler had amicably left the group. At the same time, the band formally announced their next album, "Danza III: A Series of Unfortunate Events". The album focuses on lyrical themes such as, personal, social, political and global "unfortunate events" tied around three musical themes, technical, groove-based and ambient. It was recorded in November 2009 with Jeremiah Scott and Steve Blackmon.
The band released their third album, "", on July 6, 2010. On the record, Josh Travis performs lead and rhythm guitar on an 8-string guitar as well as the bass. It also marks the first album by the band to include drummer Mike Bradley. The songs "I Am Sammy Jankis" and "The Union" have been released as singles.
During May 2011, the band confirmed that "Danza IIII" is in the works. In the meantime of its creation, guitarist Josh Travis has joined Jerry Roush's new band Glass Cloud as a side-project with their debut album, "The Royal Thousand", being released on July 3, 2012.
On October 16, 2012, their album "Danza IIII: The Alpha - The Omega" was released. Dave Mustein of MetalSucks gave the album 4.5 out of 5 stars, stating, "Danza’s bottom end is the single most unified element on The Alpha The Omega. There’s no denying that previous Danza releases are heavy[...] but the record’s heaviness is primarily due to the fact that all the instrumentation on the album was performed by rhythmic mastermind Joshua Travis[...] The production holds it all together, sounding gritty but professional, digital but uncompressed," but criticized the band for falling "into the trap of writing filler; the numerous samples begin to run together, decreasing the impact of songs like "Hold the Line." And it’s almost impossible to sit through the entirety of the glitchy, gimmicky "Some Things Are Better Left Unsaid.""
On August 23, 2012, Joshua Travis made this statement, regarding Danza's future:
"For this album, Jessie and I were looking to create more of a visceral vibe than a completely technical vibe. There's parts that do still get a bit chaotic of course, but not nearly as much as the avid listener is used to. Everything about this record is way more to the point, with much more heart put into it rather than just seeing how many notes could be thrown into a part or seeking to create 'the heaviest shit ever' or any of that nonsense. The record being titled The Alpha - The Omega, to us symbolized the beginning and the end of Danza. Jessie and I hope you enjoy it as much as we enjoyed creating it for you all."
The band's breakup has led the members to pursue different careers. Guitarist Travis went on to join the metalcore Glass Cloud wherein vocalist Jessie Freeland has joined a career in law enforcement.

</doc>
<doc id="18545192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18545192" title="Publius agassizi">
Publius agassizi

Publius agassizi is a beetle of the family Passalidae, named in honor of Louis Agassiz.

</doc>
<doc id="18545206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18545206" title="Tambopata River">
Tambopata River

The Tambopata River in the Madre de Dios Region flows from the eastern slope of the Andes along the border of the Puno Region to the Madre de Dios River at the capital city of Puerto Maldonado. The river flows through the Tambopata National Reserve.

</doc>
<doc id="18545216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18545216" title="Bitch Slap">
Bitch Slap

Bitch Slap is a 2009 action and exploitation film directed by Rick Jacobson and stars Julia Voth, Erin Cummings, America Olivo and Michael Hurst, with cameos by Lucy Lawless, Kevin Sorbo, and Renée O'Connor.
Plot.
Three girls, a down-and-out stripper named Trixie, a drug-running killer and ex-convict named Camero, and a corporate powerbroker nicknamed Hel, arrive at a remote desert hideaway to extort massive riches from a ruthless sword-wielding killer named Pinky, who is also a notorious underworld figure. None of the three women is who they appear to be: each has an ulterior motive.
They kidnap a gangster called Gage and try to force him to reveal where the treasure is buried. He refuses, believing they will kill him anyway, but Hel promises he will not be harmed. Camero shoots him, against the wishes of Hel, saying she made no such promise. His phone rings, and they believe Gage is connected to Pinky.
Things become more complicated when a police officer named Deputy Fuchs arrives. Unknown to them, he was in the audience five nights ago when Trixie performed as a stripper to seduce Gage. However, the three women hide the body and are able to convince Fuchs to leave. While digging for the treasure, Camero asks the girls about the best sex each has ever had, believing the answer tells her something important about their character. She admits her best sex ever was with a circus contortionist, although she did not even know the contortionist's name.
During a water fight, Trixie falls onto something in the sand. They dig; however, instead of buried treasure they find the dead body of one of Hel's contacts. They are interrupted by Hot Wire and his girlfriend Kinki, whom Camero is familiar with. At gunpoint, the two abuse the women and force them to dig for the buried treasure. Deputy Fuchs returns and attempts to save the women, but instead creates a gunfight, which Hel ends with a high-powered machine gun found in the nearby trailer.
Camero asks the meaning of the code Hel uses on the bunker "75650". 
At closer inspection it appears that the number 1 is associated with the letter A, 2 with BCD, 3 with E, 4 is with FGH, 5 is with IJK, 6 is with LMN, 7 is with OPQ, 8 is with RST, 9 is with UVW and 0 is with XYZ.
With this info the code numbers spell "PINKY" 
Hel and Trixie find a concealed bunker full of goods stolen from Pinky, including a mysterious weapon, diamonds, and a beautiful sword, which Trixie takes. Camero, believing she is in the midst of a double-cross, fights Hel for the diamonds. Camero overcomes Hel and sets Trixie afire along with barrels of flammable liquids. Camero leaves Hel in chains while she attempts to drive away with the diamonds; however, Hel quickly uses the super-machine gun to free herself, and fires a rocket that destroys the car Camero was driving.
Hel admits to Trixie that she is a secret agent who reports to a man named Phoenix, and that she is on a mission to retrieve the weapon they found in Pinky's lair. Camero returns and again fights Hel. After she beats Hel to the ground, Camero assumes she is dead and moves to kill Trixie. As Trixie will not fight back, Camero attempts to rape her, but stops when she sees a tattoo and realizes Trixie was the mysterious contortionist from her past. Before she can kill Trixie, Camero is shot in the back and killed by Deputy Fuchs, who managed to survive the explosion. However, instead of thanking him, Trixie kills Fuchs using a hidden throwing star. Hel awakens, having survived Camero's attack. Trixie then reveals that she, in fact, is Pinky, and concocted the entire plot to retrieve the sword she took from Gage's bunker, which he had taken from her six months previously.
Music.
John R. Graham composed the musical score and the CD was released in 2009; featuring 29 songs. The film also features songs by AM Conspiracy, Rebel Vengeance and Eagles of Death Metal.
Release.
The film was released in the United States on January 8, 2010 in theaters and video-on-demand. It received a limited run of three weeks in three theaters and closed January 21.
The film grossed $17,365 at the domestic (US and Canada) box office and $199,436 foreign.
Home media.
An unrated DVD was released on March 2, 2010 in the United States.
Critical response.
Metacritic gave the film a score of 19% based on a weighted average of 5 reviews, indicating "Overwhelming dislike" from critics. Rotten Tomatoes gave the film a score of 42% based on 12 reviews, where ratings below 60% are considered "Rotten".
In "Daily Variety", IM Global's Stuart Ford described "Bitch Slap" as "a pure exploitation pic — chicks, boobs, guns and bad guys, in that order." In "Variety", Joe Leydon wrote "Overblown and underwhelming, 'Bitch Slap' is a desperately unfunny attempt to satirically recycle cliches and archetypes from sexploitation actioners of the 1960s and '70s". Amy Biancolli of the "San Francisco Chronicle" wrote "The idea is to amuse anyone who's not offended by all the over-baked violence, bad acting and slapping babeage, but it's so heavy-handed and hyper-stylized that any extant wit gets smacked into submission. It's just not any fun." Mark Olsen in the "Los Angeles Times" noted that, "Despite its obsession with décolletage, "Bitch Slap" is surprisingly puritanical (much teasing, no pleasing)."
Inspiration.
The film is described as "a post-modern, thinking man's throwback to the 'B' Movie/Exploitation films of the 1950s–70s as well as a loving, sly parody of the same." The film is inspired by the "Dragstrip Girl", "Faster, Pussycat! Kill! Kill!", "Kung Fu Nun", the pantheon of blaxploitation and other exploitation films which had a renewal in popularity after the cult success of "Grindhouse" in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18545221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18545221" title="Rhizopus soft rot">
Rhizopus soft rot

Rhizopus soft rot is a disease of the sweet potato. It is one of the most common to affect the sweet potato, happening during packing and shipping. The disease causes a watery soft rot of the internal portion of the storage root. Strategies to manage the disease include the development of resistant varieties, curing through the use of heat and humidity, and application of decay control products.
Background.
Sweet potatoes are susceptible to a number of diseases during the postharvest storage period and during shipping. The most common are Rhizopus soft rot ("Rhizopus stolonifer"), bacterial soft rot ("Erwinia chrysanthemii"), Fusarium root rot ("Fusarium solani"), Fusarium surface rot ("Fusarium oxysporum"), and black rot ("Ceratocystis fimbriata").
"R. stolonifer" is a problematic pathogen as it infects fresh wounds occurring during packing and shipping. There is limited data on the exact losses attributed to Rhizopus soft rot. A study conducted in the New York City retail market found that the majority of culls due to disease were caused by Rhizopus soft rot (approximately 2% decay in survey). Anecdotal reports suggest that Rhizopus soft rot is unpredictably sporadic and generally results in heavy losses to entire shipments when it does occur.
"R. stolonifer" has a wide host range and can affect over 300 plant species including fruits, vegetables, and ornamentals. "R. stolonifer" (Ehrenb. ex Fr.) (syn R. nigricans) was first described in 1818 and first recognized as a pathogen on sweetpotato in 1890.
Symptoms and signs.
Symptoms of "R. stolonifer" infection of sweet potatoes include rapid development of a watery soft rot of the internal portion of the storage root with the periderm generally remaining intact. Infection can occur anywhere on the root but usually initiates at the ends due to the inevitable wounding resulting from harvest, or because a root's tapered ends are more likely to be injured. Rhizopus soft rot produces a characteristic fermentation odor. Roots may dry and mummify with only the periderm and root fibers remaining intact because of the inability of the fungus to break down the lignin in these components. Characteristic signs of Rhizopus soft rot include the production of tufts of white hyphae which break through the surface of the root and produce large numbers of brown-black sporangiophores (34 µm diam. by 1000-3500 µm length) which support a sporangium (100-350 µm diam.). Sporangiospores (4-11 µm diam) are produced in the sporangium and are unicellular, ovoid and brown. Sporangiospores serve as the primary inoculum and are passively released when the outer layer of the sporangium breaks down. Other "R. stolonifer" structures include stolons and rhizoids. Stolons arch over the surface and rhizoids grow into the substrate at each point of contact between stolon and substrate.
Sexual recombination is rare and occurs when mycelium of two compatible strains come in contact. Progametangia from each strain grow towards each other and fuse into gametangia, forming a thick-walled zygospore. Zygospores germinate to form sporangiophores bearing a single sporangium.
"R. stolonifer" is incapable of breaching the intact root periderm and requires a wound to initiate infection. The type of wound influences infectivity, with smooth wounds less likely to be infected than impact bruise/crushed tissue wounds. It has been suggested that smooth wounds (slices or scrapes) lack the quantity of nutrients required for spore germ tube formation. No research has been completed to identify the degree of impact bruising required for infection to be initiated.
Disease management.
Effective management strategies for Rhizopus soft rot on sweetpotato include resistant varieties, proper curing after harvest, and decay control product applications on packinglines.
Resistant varieties.
The sweet potato industry readily accepts new cultivars, which leads to a quick shift in the most widely grown cultivar. Beauregard, released in 1987, is currently the dominant cultivar grown in the U.S. Beauregard is considered to be moderately resistant to "R. stolonifer" although sporadic, heavy losses during shipping are known to occur. No cultivar has been found that is completely resistant to Rhizopus soft rot.
Curing.
Curing immediately after harvest generally eliminates losses to "R. stolonifer" by healing wounds occurring during harvest. The current recommended curing process is to expose the roots to high temperature at and high relative humidity of 90% for five to seven days. Curing induces suberization of wounds followed by new periderm formation (this process was called wound "cork" or "phellum" in early research), effectively healing the wounds.
Decay control products.
"R. stolonifer" is most commonly managed by packing line applications of dicloran (also known as DCNA or Botran). Dicloran, a chlorinated nitro-aniline, is a broad spectrum fungicide registered for postharvest use on sweet potatoes and in-field use for several fruits, vegetables, and ornamentals. There has been a growing interest in the use of biological control organisms for control of postharvest diseases of fruits and vegetables. Control of Rhizopus soft rot of sweet potatoes by biological control products has been variable.

</doc>
<doc id="18545255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18545255" title="The Void (video game)">
The Void (video game)

The Void (also known as "Tension", ) is a 2008 adventure computer game developed by the Russian studio Ice-Pick Lodge and published in Russia, other CIS-countries, and Poland by ND Games on 17 April 2008. It won the "Most Original Game" award at the Russian Game Developers Conference, KRI in 2007.
The game was released in English-speaking regions on October 23, 2009, and then as a digital download on Steam since December 16, 2009.
Synopsis.
The game is about a soul that accidentally lingered in the Void, before absolute death. The Void is a purgatory-like place, in which the most valuable thing is Color, a liquid that represents lifeforce. Color is scarce and famine is a usual thing for its dwellers — beautiful naked Sisters and deformed monstrous Brothers. Color is a universal resource in the game — at the same time it is the hero's health, armor, stats and ammo. With the help of Nameless Sister, the soul finds out that there is a way to escape and be reincarnated again on the surface, but in order to do this the player must disguise himself as one of the Brothers and eventually confront them.
Gameplay.
"The Void" is played from a first-person perspective.
Color, the character's primary resource, exists "naturally" in the Void as Lympha. However, collected Lympha of Color cannot be used directly and must be processed in the hero's Hearts first, where it is slowly drained out, becoming Nerva. Each Heart also corresponds to a glyph; more complex game actions are done by drawing Nerva-infused glyphs on screen using the mouse. When drawing a glyph, time slows down to allow the player to carefully draw it. Typical game actions are talking to NPCs, fighting predators or Brothers, collecting plants and growing gardens.
The Color inside Hearts also acts as the hero's health and character stats. There are seven Colors at the player's disposal — Silver, Gold, Violet, Azure, Crimson, Amber and Emerald - each one having its own properties while inside Hearts and how they affect the Void when used; for example, Gold increases the Sisters' trust while inside Hearts, lowering the amount of Color required to open their hearts, but when used in the Void it incites jealousy in the Brothers, making them more prompt to rip opened hearts out of the Sisters.
The strategic part of the game takes place on the map of the Void. The Void consists of several domains associated with specific Sisters. Each domain in turn consists of several chambers. When the player is on the map, time flows and the hero processes Color in his Hearts. If no Color is left inside, the hero will die. Time stops when the player is in a chamber, so that the player can explore locations without time pressure.
The game has a fixed time limit of 35 cycles (a cycle represents a rough equivalent to an in game day). New Color appears at the beginning of a new cycle, but what color that cycle brings is random.
The Brothers.
Over time, the Brothers will reveal themselves later in the game. These Brothers are: Mantid, the "Elder" of the Brothers, who walks on stilts, and has a spear impaled in his abdomen. Whaler, who wields two blades, and his head is sewn onto his back. Pit, who is fused with a mining drill. Ironclad, who has multiple cannons that fire at the player. Tyrant, who has several limbs and heads along with three visible hearts, rolls along on a stone wheel. Caterpillar, who is connected to a rolling sphere(s) through tubes in his abdominal area. Warden, which forms a cage made of his ribs, and hangs from the ceiling like a swinging birdcage. Montgolfier, which, in the Russian version, had hair, but in the English version, doesn't. He is fused with a hot air balloon. Triumphator, who is fused with a large, gear-powered phonograph, and acts as a one-man band. And lastly, Patriarch, the oldest of the Brothers, who is similar to a senior in a wheelchair, and appears to have no head.
The Brothers, depending on the player's actions, may feel aggressive, unsure, or sympathetic for the protagonist. Patriarch and Montgolfier are said by the other Brothers to be the most fond of him, followed by Caterpillar and Triumphator. Tyrant and Warden are probably the most domineering of the Brothers, along with Pit and Whaler, who assess the player negatively. Mantid and Ironclad are generally neutral, although their behavior may change from the player's actions.
Reception.
Overall, the game has received positive reviews in Russia and abroad, with the exception being the Polish press, that played the non-directors cut edition. The German version, the director's cut of the Russian version, received more favorable reactions ranging from medium to high scores. In the first international reviews the game got high scores, and enthusiastic praise from Rock, Paper, Shotgun.
In the first English language review, Resolution claimed it to be rarely fun, but offering "a viciously beautiful, enormously interesting experience." Rock, Paper, Shotgun wrote an overwhelmingly positive review, saying "The Void is the most important game you are GOING TO FUCKING PLAY." Just Adventure said "innovation and delivering it in the highest professional manner." Inc Gamers finished their review saying "Overall, The Void is a terrific achievement. It will not be to everybody's tastes by any means. The atmosphere - though perfectly captured - is tense, bleak and at times oppressive."
A German television channel, 3Sat, made a comparison between "The Void" and "Sims 3", comparing the American perception of reality and way of life, and their Russian counterparts.
Piracy.
"The Void" was noted in Russia for its developers' reaction to piracy. When the game appeared on the largest Russian torrents.ru tracker, the developers talked to the downloaders in the thread, answered game related questions and encouraged them to buy the game, if they liked it. Also, the developers made an official torrent containing all bonus material from the gift edition.
Editions and titles.
The game was released in several countries under different titles and with minor and major changes. 

</doc>
<doc id="18545264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18545264" title="Gimri">
Gimri

Gimri may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18545273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18545273" title="Spasalus crenatus">
Spasalus crenatus

Spasalus crenatus is a beetle of the Family Passalidae.

</doc>
<doc id="18545274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18545274" title="Stuart Dearden">
Stuart Dearden

Stuart 'Stats' Dearden (born 1 August 1990, in Edinburgh) is a Scottish professional football player currently playing for the Edinburgh University.
Career.
Dearden previously played for youth sides Edina Hibs and Salvesen Boys Club while at Portobello High School. He attracted the attention of Dunfermline Athletic and signed a contract when he was 16, playing for the Under-19's and Reserve sides before making his debut coming on as a sub against Queen of the South on the final day of the 2007-08 season.
In January 2009, Dearden was loaned to Forfar Athletic of the Scottish Third Division until the end of the 2008/09 season. After his release from Dunfermline Athletic in the Scottish First Division played for the Edinburgh University team.

</doc>
<doc id="18545289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18545289" title="List of towns and villages in County Cork">
List of towns and villages in County Cork

This is a list of towns and villages in County Cork, Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="18545292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18545292" title="GitHub">
GitHub

GitHub is a web-based hosting service for software development projects that use the Git revision control system. GitHub offers both paid plans for private repositories, and free accounts for open source projects. The site was launched in 2008 by Tom Preston-Werner, Chris Wanstrath, and PJ Hyett.
Description.
The site provides social networking functionality such as feeds, followers, wikis (using gollum Wiki software) and the social network graph to display how developers work on their versions of a repository.
GitHub also operates other services: a pastebin-style site called Gist that provides wikis for individual repositories and web pages that can be edited through a Git repository, a slide hosting service called Speaker Deck, and a web analytics platform called Gauges.
, GitHub is operated under the name GitHub, Inc.
The software that runs GitHub was written using Ruby on Rails and Erlang by GitHub, Inc. (previously known as Logical Awesome) developers Chris Wanstrath, PJ Hyett, and Tom Preston-Werner.
Statistics.
GitHub was launched in April 2008.
In a talk at Yahoo! headquarters on 24 February 2009, GitHub team members announced that during the first year that GitHub was online, it accumulated 46,000 public repositories, 17,000 of them in the previous month alone. At that time, about 6,200 repositories had been forked at least once and 4,600 merged. On 5 July 2009, a Github Blog post announced they reached the 100,000 users mark.
In another talk delivered at Yahoo! on 27 July 2009, Tom Preston-Werner announced that the numbers had risen to 90,000 unique public repositories, 12,000 having been forked at least once, for a total of 135,000 repositories. In July 2010, GitHub announced that it hosts 1 million repositories. In April 2011, GitHub announced that it is hosting 2 million repositories.
On 21 September 2011, GitHub announced it had reached over 1 million users.
On 13 September 2012, on their homepage, GitHub announced it had over 2.1 million users hosting over 3.7 million repositories.
On 19 December 2012, GitHub announced it had over 2.8 million users hosting over 4.6 million repositories 
On 16 January 2013, GitHub announced it had passed the 3 million users mark and was then hosting more than 5 million repositories.
On 10 April 2013, GitHub announced it had 3.5 million users and was now hosting more than 6 million repositories.
On 23 December 2013, GitHub announced it had reached 10 million repositories.
Limitations and constraints.
According to the terms of service, if an account's bandwidth usage significantly exceeds the average of other GitHub customers, the account's file hosting service may be immediately disabled or throttled until bandwidth consumption is reduced.
In addition, while there is no hard limit, the guideline for the maximum size of a repository is one gigabyte. Also, there is a check for files larger than 100MB in a push; if any such files exist, the push will be rejected.
Software releases.
On February 15, 2013, GitHub released Boxen, an open source Mac environment automation tool.
GitHub also has their standard GUI application available for download (for Windows and Mac only) directly from the service's website, and provides an open source Android app on Google Play.
Company.
GitHub, Inc. was founded in 2008 and is based in San Francisco, California.
In July 2012, the company received $100 million in Series A funding, primarily from Andreessen Horowitz.
Revenue model.
Peter Levine, general partner at GitHub's investor Andreessen Horowitz, stated that as of July 2012, GitHub had been growing revenue at 300% annually since 2008 "profitably nearly the entire way".
GitHub offers private code hosting
starting at $7/month for five repositories, up to $200/month for 125 repositories.
Instances of GitHub can be licensed to run on private servers inside a company's firewall under the Enterprise plans ($5000/year/20 seats).
Another revenue stream is "GitHub Jobs" where employers can post job offers for $450/listing. GitHub's salespeople are not paid on a commission basis.
Organizational structure.
GitHub, Inc. is a flat organization with no middle managers; in other words, "everyone is a manager" (self-management). Employees can choose to work on projects that interest them (open allocation). However, salaries are set by the chief executive, Tom Preston-Werner.

</doc>
<doc id="18545323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18545323" title="Treaty of Bangkok (disambiguation)">
Treaty of Bangkok (disambiguation)

Treaty of Bangkok or Bangkok Treaty may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18545328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18545328" title="Aescin">
Aescin

Aescin or escin is a mixture of saponins with anti-inflammatory, vasoconstrictor and vasoprotective effects found in "Aesculus hippocastanum" (the horse chestnut). Aescin is the main active compound in horse chestnut, and is responsible for most of its medicinal properties.
High-quality evidence suggests aescin is a safe and effective treatment for chronic venous insufficiency. In one randomized controlled trial, horse chestnut extract was found to be as effective and well-tolerated as use of compression stockings.
Mechanism of action.
Aescin appears to produce effects through a wide range of mechanisms. It induces endothelial nitric oxide synthesis by making endothelial cells more permeable to calcium ions, and also induces release of prostaglandin F2α. Other possible mechanisms include serotonin antagonism and histamine antagonism and reduced catabolism of tissue mucopolysaccharides.

</doc>
<doc id="18545329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18545329" title="Association of Waterways Cruising Clubs">
Association of Waterways Cruising Clubs

The Association of Waterways Cruising clubs is a waterway society and umbrella organisation in England, UK. It was founded in the early 1960s by the St Pancras, Dunstable, Uxbridge and Lee and Stort boat clubs as an inter-club scheme for an emergency service for boaters, and for safe overnight moorings. 
The Association grew quickly from the original four clubs to eighteen, and it published its first handbook giving club locations and phone numbers. In the late Seventies, there were eighty clubs, and a regional structure was adopted. 
Today, the AWCC represents over twenty thousand affiliated boat owners, through their membership of more than a hundred cruising clubs. The association enters consultations and negotiations with British Waterways, the Environment Agency and other bodies, and it is an Associate Member of the Parliamentary Waterways Group. 
Members of AWCC:

</doc>
<doc id="18545335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18545335" title="Mitsuishi Station">
Mitsuishi Station

Mitsuishi Station may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18545343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18545343" title="Pittsburgh Keystones (ice hockey)">
Pittsburgh Keystones (ice hockey)

The Pittsburgh Keystones were a semi-professional ice hockey club, located in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania and was a member of the Western Pennsylvania Hockey League, the first league to openly hire hockey players from 1900-1904. The team played all of its games at the Duquesne Gardens, and was involved in allowing Harry Peel become the first admitted professional hockey player in 1902.
History.
Pre-1896.
The Keystones' history can be traced to the Keystone Bicycle Club, which consisted of students from Western University ( today known as the University of Pittsburgh) and Carnegie Tech. Around 1895 the club gave up bicycling, renamed itself the Pittsburgh Keystones and played ice hockey at the newly built Schenley Park Casino, which was located in the Oakland neighborhood of Pittsburgh, on Saturday afternoons, as an amateur club. On December 30, 1895, the "Pittsburgh Press" made mention of a “great international hockey and polo tournament” opening game at the Casino. The newspaper reported that a team consisting of ten players from Queen's University played against a group of local players from Western University and Pittsburgh Catholic College of the Holy Ghost (today Duquesne University) and a half hour of exhibition of hockey was played before the ice polo match. The paper noted that 2,500 to 3,000 fans showed up to watch the game, despite claims of bad weather. No score or records were reportedly kept but the paper did note that the team from Queen's University outplayed the Pittsburghers, who had never played the game before. Since the students from Western University participated in the game, it is possible that several of those players later played for the Keystones. 
The Casino was destroyed in a fire on December 17, 1896 The Yale University hockey team was to have played a series of games against the Keystones, at the Casino, but they were telegraphed and told not to come to Pittsburgh due to the destruction of the arena.
WPHL era.
Afterwards, the Keystones, and every other amateur team in Pittsburgh, began playing all of their games on the new ice rink at the Duquesne Gardens. The Gardens, because of its artificial ice surface, lured many established hockey players to the Pittsburgh-area from Canada. In 1901 the team became members of the Western Pennsylvania Hockey League, with the Pittsburgh Bankers and Pittsburgh Athletic Club. Aside from league play, the teams also played exhibition games against some of the best amateur teams from North America. During the 1901-02 season, Riley Hern, a future member of the Hockey Hall of Fame, began his professional career with the Keystones. In his first season, Hern led the league in victories, with nine in 14 games and was named to the WPHL All-Star Team. However, in the next season, Hern led the league in losses, losing 10 out of 11 games. Joining Hern on the team in 1901 was Arthur Sixsmith who moved to Pittsburgh and turning professional with the Keystones. The Keystones would go on to win the 1901-02 WPHL championship title.
First admitted professional player.
In the summer of 1902 Keystones' player Harry Peel, a Keystones player in 1901-02, admitted that he was paid $35 a week to play in the so-called amateur league and so no amateur teams would play against these teams again without being suspended by either Canadian or U.S. officials. According to Peel "Keystones make no bones whatever about paying men. If they do not pay them, they give them fake positions." Peel was later suspended by the Ontario Hockey Association and his appeal was rejected on December 10, 1903 and again on November 30, 1904. However by the 1902-03 season the WPHL, was known as a fully professional league.
Decline.
The next season, the Portage Lakes Hockey Club of Houghton, Michigan began a professional league which continued to play professional exhibition game against the WPHL's Pittsburgh Bankers. However the exposure given by playing Portage Lakes raised the profiles of some of the Pittsburgh players, who were lured away after the season for the promise of better pay in Michigan. The team soon raided Pittsburgh’s teams for top players like Riley Hern and Bruce Stuart. This led the Keystones to withdraw from the league on January 17, 1903. Their players were then redistributed among the three other WPHL teams. 
Prominent Players.
Keystones players inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame:

</doc>
<doc id="18545396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18545396" title="Neo-bulk cargo">
Neo-bulk cargo

In the ocean shipping trade, neo-bulk cargo is a type of cargo that is a subcategory of general cargo, alongside the other subcategories of break-bulk cargo and containerized cargo. (Gerhardt Muller, erstwhile professor at the United States Merchant Marine Academy and Manager of Regional Intermodal Planning of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, promotes it from a subcategory to being a third major category of cargo in its own right, alongside general and bulk cargo.) It comprises goods that are prepackaged, counted as they are loaded and unloaded (as opposed to bulk cargo where individual items are not counted), not stored in containers, and transferred as units at port. Types of neo-bulk cargo goods include heavy machinery, lumber, bundled steel, scrap iron, bananas, waste paper, and cars. The category has only become recognized as a distinct cargo category in its own right in recent decades.
Ocean vessels that are designed to carry specific forms of neo-bulk cargo, such as dedicated car-carrying ships, are called neo-bulk carriers. They are specially designed for the individual types of neo-bulk cargoes that they carry, although car-carriers can sometimes double-up to carry different types of cargo on a return journey. In 2000, the largest neo-bulk car carrier in the world was Wallenius Wilhelmsen, with a fleet of 20 carriers and a total haulage that year of 1.5 million vehicles. Other special designs of neo-bulk carriers include log-carriers that are designed to tip their load over the side of the vessel into the water, relying upon the fact that logs will float, and specialist carriers for newsprint and livestock.

</doc>
<doc id="18545407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18545407" title="Geneotree">
Geneotree

Geneotree is an open source web-based genealogy application developed in the PHP scripting language and the MySQL database. It installs on Linux and Windows and works natively with GEDCOM files. It makes a variety of reports as PDF files.

</doc>
<doc id="18545466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18545466" title="Alles Bob!">
Alles Bob!

Alles Bob ("Its all Bob") is a 1999 German film starring Gregor Torzs and Miriam Lahnstein, directed by Otto Alexander Jahrreiss.
The film, is about a young man who tells women what they want to hear to get sex.

</doc>
<doc id="18545472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18545472" title="List of awards and nominations received by Billy Talent">
List of awards and nominations received by Billy Talent

Billy Talent is a Canadian rock band formed in 1993 in Mississauga, Ontario. The band consists of Benjamin Kowalewicz (vocals), Ian D'Sa (guitar and vocals), Jonathan Gallant (bass and vocals), and Aaron Solowoniuk (drums and percussion). Billy Talent has released five studio albums, all with Atlantic Records: "Watoosh!" (1998), "Billy Talent" (2003), "Billy Talent II" (2006), "Billy Talent III" (2009), and "Dead Silence" (2012). "Billy Talent" and "Billy Talent II" have been certified by the Canadian Recording Industry Association as triple platinum and double platinum respectively.
Two of the band's albums have reached the top 10 on the Canadian Albums Chart: "Billy Talent" peaked at number six and "Billy Talent II" peaked at number one. Billy Talent has received a significant amount of recognition in Canada, winning ten awards from 32 nominations at the MuchMusic Video Awards and seven awards from twenty nominations at the Juno Awards. The band has also been nominated at the MuchMusic Video Awards every year since 2004. Overall, Billy Talent has received twenty-one awards from 56 nominations.
CASBY Awards.
The CASBY Awards are awarded for independent and alternative music, and are presented annually by CFNY, a Toronto radio station. Billy Talent has received two awards from two nominations.
ECHO Awards.
The ECHO Awards is a German annual music awards ceremony established by the Deutsche Phono-Akademie. Billy Talent has received two awards from two nominations.
Juno Awards.
The Juno Awards are presented by the Canadian Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences. Billy Talent has received seven awards from twenty nominations.
MuchMusic Video Awards.
The MuchMusic Video Awards is an annual awards ceremony presented by the Canadian music video channel MuchMusic. Billy Talent has received ten awards from 32 nominations. They have also made history by having more nominations than any other artist

</doc>
<doc id="18545475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18545475" title="Heaste">
Heaste

Heaste or Heasta is a small settlement on the island of Skye, Scotland. It is located south of Broadford and is in the Scottish council area of Highland.
The tidal island of Eilean Heast lies just off-shore in inner Loch Eishort.

</doc>
<doc id="18545476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18545476" title="Low-profit limited liability company">
Low-profit limited liability company

A low-profit limited liability company (L3C) is a legal form of business entity in the United States that was created to bridge the gap between non-profit and for-profit investing by providing a structure that facilitates investments in socially beneficial, for-profit ventures while simplifying compliance with Internal Revenue Service rules for program-related investments, a type of investment that private foundations are allowed to make.
Concept.
An L3C is a for-profit, social enterprise venture that has a stated goal of performing a socially beneficial purpose, not maximizing income. It is a hybrid structure that combines the legal and tax flexibility of a traditional LLC, the social benefits of a nonprofit organization, and the branding and market positioning advantages of a social enterprise. 
The L3C is designed to make it easier for socially oriented businesses to attract investments from foundations and additional money from private investors. Unlike the traditional LLC, the L3C’s articles of organization are required by law to mirror the federal tax standards for program-related investing. A program-related investment (PRI) is one way in which foundations can satisfy their obligation under the Tax Reform Act of 1969 to distribute at least 5% of their assets every year for charitable purposes. While foundations usually meet this requirement through grants, investments in L3Cs and charities that qualify as PRIs can also fulfill the requirement while allowing the foundations to receive a return.
Legislation.
An L3C is established pursuant to the law of the state in which the entity is formed. To authorize the organization of an L3C, legislation must be passed that amends the state's general limited liability company law. Thus far, legislation has been passed in Illinois, Louisiana, Maine, Michigan, North Carolina, Rhode Island, Utah, Vermont, and Wyoming and the federal jurisdictions of the Crow Indian Nation of Montana and the Oglala Sioux Tribe. As of January 11, 2013, the Secretaries of State of the nine states and two Indian Nations that authorize them reported that 711 active L3Cs are in operation. HB 1299 was introduced on January 14, 2013 in North Dakota, which would authorize the organization of L3Cs. Legislation has been written for 26 additional states but has not yet been introduced.
In May, 2012, the IRS released proposed regulations that broaden the landscape of what constitutes an acceptable PRI by adding nine new examples of investments that would qualify, along with some general principles. An amendment to the Illinois L3C law that would allow for a more expansive description of the purposes for which L3Cs can be created, consistent with the proposed examples of PRIs set forth by the IRS in 2012, unanimously passed the Illinois Senate on April 17, 2013, and has been referred to the Illinois House Rules Committee. The expanded clause would make Illinois the first state to authorize L3Cs whose purposes may reflect the whole range of statutorily sanctioned PRIs. Legislation is also pending at federal level that will simplify the process for receiving IRS approval that an investment qualifies as a PRI. 

</doc>
<doc id="18545489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18545489" title="Sebald Bopp">
Sebald Bopp

Sebald Bopp (died 1502) was a German painter active around Bamberg. Little is known about him; his name is first recorded in Würzburg, where he was listed as a journeyman in 1474, but his earliest known work remains in his native town. This is a depiction of the "Sermon of John of Capistrano", painted around 1480 and now in the Neue Residenze in Bamberg. The style of this painting, filled with representations of bourgeois figures, appears to have been derived from the work of the Master of the Bamberg Altar. After 1480 his activity is recorded in Nuremberg, judging from a Crucifixion memorial plaque, dating to 1483, honoring Peter and Apollonia Volckamer. Bopp returned to Bamberg at some point before his death; he died there in 1502.

</doc>
<doc id="18545498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18545498" title="Luis Bordón">
Luis Bordón

Luis Bordón was a musician and composer of Paraguay and interpreter of the Paraguayan harp.
Childhood and Youth.
Luis Bordón was born in the city of Guarambaré Central Department, Paraguay on August 19, 1926, and from a very early age he was fanatical with the art of musical performance, supported and promoted by his father.
He began his studies with the Paraguayan harp and soon after his virtuosity made him play it like few others, imposing a delicate and particular style that it was "impossible to be imitated by anyone," according to comments from people who heard him.
Since 1950 and for several years he joined the orchestra of Julián Rejala, Paraguayan folk music band, which conducted tours around the country and then to the neighboring country of Brazil, highlighting their participation in the group as the most celebrated musician and asked for in each of their presentations.
Interpreter of the Paraguayan harp, along with his colleagues Félix Pérez Cardozo, Digno García, Albino Quiñónez, Cristino Báez Monges and others. He settled with his art for a long time in Brazil where he developed most of his career, being considered in the decades of the '70s and '80s as an artist of greater success in presentations and record sales throughout the Brazil. In the neighboring country, he recorded 34 albums, won 8 gold discs, broadcast compositions for Paraguayan harp and popularized the instrument's repertoire which expanded to all kinds of music.
His compositions have won widespread popularity and are constantly played at various points of the globe. "Indian Harp" was the name this instrument (harp) received because it was played by several national interpreters. But with the arrival of Luis Bordón, who made other sounds achievements applying innovative techniques, it was definitely renamed to Paraguayan harp.
Luis Bordón was an incomparable stylist of Paraguayan harp, and therefore, he now appears as one of the greatest soloists in the entire history of this instrument to the ears of anyone who listens.
Artistic career.
He following dissociated from the band to further improve his technique as soloist.
He entered the field of recordings record in 1959, when he produced his first job in LP, called "Paraguayan harp in Hi Fi" (Paraguayan harp in High Fidelity). This material very soon became an international success, even achieving that the instrument’s name of Indian harp was changed to Paraguayan harp. The success was such that it led him launch other discs, successively, adding so far 32 volumes, not taking into account the countless discs recorded on 8 and 45 rotations.
Throughout his career developed in Brazil he recorded about 34 discs of long length, which had spread and reached around the world and lovers of Paraguayan harp have included them in their private collections as high artistic value materials.
His activity as a composer and performer of the Paraguayan harp continued until his last days and recorded 14 more discs, CDs, with works that are important parts of the Paraguayan history of music, specially composed for this unique instrument, so cherished to affections and tastes of all Paraguayans.
The success achieved with their work record has made him creditor of several awards, including eight gold discs that decorated the home shelves of this Paraguayan citizen, whose interpretations, throughout his long career, have traveled the world several times, carrying the message of fraternal harmony and beauty, Paraguay message in conjunction with the universal music.
Awards.
The following decorations reflect his artistic career:
He won 18 artistic trophies throughout Brazil and the United States as well as being honored with the degree of "Commentator" by the State Governor of São Paulo, for having met with numerous cultural programmes.
In 2001 Unesco gave him the medal Orbis Guaraniticus, coined in the house of Monagas Paris, specially designed for the personalities of art and culture, plus many other prizes.
His discs were launched at special events held in Brazil, USA, France, Spain, Portugal, Netherlands, Japan, Venezuela Argentina, Mexico, Colombia, and other countries.
He settled for 3 years in the United States, with a special visa granted by the government of that country to whom he demonstrated an extraordinary talent in the field where he flourished. He was special guest of a famous Japanese airline to make presentations in the land of the rising sun, and in the Netherlands he was specially convened to interpret his Paraguayan harp at the inauguration of a television channel.
In Paraguay.
He returned to his homeland and continued dedicating to the career that he loved: the composition and interpretation of the Paraguayan harp. He made very applauded duet with his son Luis Bordón Junior, who accompanied him with the guitar, the ideal complement to harp executions of both native and international repertoire.
Luis Bordón earned a prominent place in the history of Paraguayan music, for the quality of his compositions and for the warmth of an exceptional human and an eminent interpreter of Paraguayan harp.
Recent history.
In February 2006, he received a tribute—and at that time he expressed his desire to conduct a large harp concert. This desire was cut short, but the unmistakable sound of his harp will continue to ring throughout the world.
He died in 2006 at the age of 80.
Works.
Most popular songs.
Some of his most popular songs include:
Gold records.
Some of the albums that gave Luis Bordón eight Gold Records:

</doc>
<doc id="18545501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18545501" title="Nikola Koljević">
Nikola Koljević

Nikola Koljević (Serbian Cyrillic: Никола Кољевић; born June 9, 1936 in Banja Luka, Kingdom of Yugoslavia (today Bosnia and Herzegovina), died January 25, 1997 in Belgrade, Serbia, FR Yugoslavia) was a Bosnian Serb politician, university professor, translator and an essayist, one of the foremost Yugoslavian Shakespeare scholars.
Koljević was born to a distinguished merchant family. His elder brother, Svetozar, is a renowned scholar who has written extensively on Serbian epic poetry. At the first multi-party elections held in 1990, he was elected as a Serbian member of the Presidency of Bosnia and Herzegovina. In April 1992 he left the Presidency, and during the Bosnian War occupied the post of a Vice-President of Republika Srpska. He received the highest-ranking ordain of Republika Srpska, the Order of Republic with sash. On January 16, 1997 he tried to commit suicide by shooting himself in the head, and died a week later in a Belgrade hospital.
Some have suggested that Nikola went into politics because he resented the fact that throughout his whole life he had to live in the shadow of his famous elder brother. Having taught Shakespeare for many years at the University of Sarajevo, his later involvement in Serbian nationalist politics had taken aback his former Muslim students, with many of whom he had remained good friends after graduating, because he had never before shown the slightest trace of prejudice. Koljević's son died in an accident a few years before the Bosnian War had started, and some have suggested that the trauma caused by this unfortunate event had turned Koljević intent on playing out a full-blown Shakespearean tragedy of his own with himself as a starring role.

</doc>
<doc id="18545509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18545509" title="Do You Believe Me Now (album)">
Do You Believe Me Now (album)

Do You Believe Me Now is the second studio album of American country music singer Jimmy Wayne. It was released on August 26, 2008. The album is also Wayne's first album in five years and his debut for Valory Music Group, a subsidiary of Big Machine Records. Its title track was released as the lead-off single to the album, and became Wayne's first Number One single on the Hot Country Songs chart. "I Will" was released in October 2008 as the album's second single. It also reprises Wayne's first two singles, "Stay Gone" and "I Love You This Much", previously included on his 2003 self-titled debut.
Chart performance.
Album.
The album debuted at number 27 on the Billboard 200 album chart, and number 4 on the Top Country Albums chart, selling 20,000 copies in its first week of sales.

</doc>
<doc id="18545512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18545512" title="Mario Turdó">
Mario Turdó

Mario Héctor Turdó (born 1 January 1979 in Rosario) is an Argentine football striker currently without a club.
Turdó started his playing career in 1997 with Independiente.
In 1999 he moved to Europe where he played for Celta Vigo, UD Las Palmas and CD Leganés in Spain and Stade Rennais F.C. in France.
In 2005 Turdó returned to Argentina to play for Quilmes. He has since played for Gimnasia de Jujuy and San Martín de Tucumán

</doc>
<doc id="18545516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18545516" title="List of Iraqi security forces fatality reports in Iraq">
List of Iraqi security forces fatality reports in Iraq

This is a comprehensive list of Iraqi security forces members killed in the Iraq War. There are also totals here for each year.
The "Iraq Index" of the Brookings Institution also keeps a running total of Iraqi security force casualties.
The highest reported number of policemen and soldiers killed in the war has been 15,196 for the period between January 2004 and December 2009 (with the exceptions of April 2004 and March 2009). With the previously reported 260 policemen and 23 Kurdish peshmerga fighters killed in 2003, and 67 dead in March 2009, and a further 1,100 deaths in 2010, and 897 deaths in 2011, the total number of security forces members killed can be estimated to be at least 17,543.
Totals.
"Note: Numbers for 2009, 2010 and 2011 are based on the referenced tables below. Also, one report put the overall number of security forces killed in 2009, at 1,193. Almost double the toll claimed by the Iraqi government."
2009.
"Note: One report stated that 242 soldiers were killed in 2009, a higher number than the one given in the month by month breakdown." Also, a second report put the overall number of security forces killed in 2009, at 1,193. Almost double the toll claimed by the Iraqi government.
2007.
More than 330 Iraqi policemen and soldiers were confirmed to have been killed during the month of March, the list below includes 218 policemen and 78 soldiers.
Over 300 Iraqi policemen and soldiers were confirmed to have been killed during the month of April, the list below includes 152 policemen and 112 soldiers.
2006.
1,348-1,891 policemen and 627 soldiers were killed during 2006.
2005.
1,497 policemen and an estimated 1,096 soldiers were killed during 2005.
2004.
The list for 2004, only includes incidents of deaths of soldiers because it was estimated that 1,040 policemen were killed during 2004.
2003.
260 policemen were killed between May 1, 2003, and the end of the year. 23 Kurdish militiamen were killed during the initial invasion of Iraq.

</doc>
<doc id="18545524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18545524" title="People from Ibiza">
People from Ibiza

"People from Ibiza" is a 1984 single performed by Sandy Marton. The song was a hit in several countries.
The chorus portion was sampled by The Bootstraps titled "Sound Of Ibiza" in 2008.
Chart performance.
The song charted in several countries: #1 Italy, #10 Germany, #38 Netherlands, #7 Switzerland, #4 Norway, #14 Austria

</doc>
<doc id="18545540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18545540" title="Dyoma River">
Dyoma River

Dyoma (, "Dim", ) is a river in the Republic of Bashkortostan, Russia. It flows north and joins the Belaya River at Ufa. The river is 535 km long, with a drainage basin of 12 800 km², and an average discharge of 35 m³/s. 
The Dyoma has its sources on the northern slopes of the Obshchy Syrt plateau at the border of Orenburg Oblast north of the south-flowing Salmysh branch of the Sakmara River. From there, it flows towards the northeast into Bashkortostan, where it forms a wide valley. Here, the river runs slowly, and is heavily meandering, particularly in its lower reaches before its confluence with the Belaya. 
The town of Davlekanovo lies at the Dyoma, and the river's mouth is within the boundaries of the city of Ufa, in the township of Dyoma, named after the river. 

</doc>
<doc id="18545584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18545584" title="Thomas W. Clyde (skipjack)">
Thomas W. Clyde (skipjack)

The " Thomas W. Clyde " is a Chesapeake Bay skipjack, normally ported at Deal Island, Maryland. Built at Oriole, Maryland in 1911, the "Clyde" is one of nineteen surviving skipjacks built before 1912. 

</doc>
<doc id="18545616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18545616" title="Excel Christian School">
Excel Christian School

Excel Christian School is a Christian private school in Reno/Sparks, Nevada. Founded in 2003, it offers grades K-12 and is a non-profit corporation 501(c)(3). The school mascot is the Warriors, and the school's colors are Red and Black. Their sports teams are known as the "Excel Warriors."
Licensing.
There are two types of legal private schools in Nevada, licensed and exempt. Because of its religious convictions and philosophy of education, Excel is operated as an exempt school under Nevada Revised Statutes (NRS) 394.211 and as such is exempt from the provisions of the Private Elementary and Secondary Education Authorization Act. The school is not subject to the oversight of the State Department of Education. However, to maintain its exempt status, Excel is responsible for providing an education that is comparable to the public schools and strives to go even beyond the state and county requirements. 
In the fall of 2008 the school will be entering the accreditation process with the Association of Christian Schools International (ACSI) and will concurrently seek accreditation with the NAAS.
Academics.
So far, in its five-year history, the school's graduates have been accepted at Pepperdine University, Texas Christian University, University of Michigan, Simpson University, University of Nevada, Reno (UNR), Concordia University, and Oklahoma Christian University.
Advanced Placement classes are available in AP American History, AP English Language, and AP English Literature
Athletics.
Excel is a member of the NIAA (Nevada Interscholastic Activities Association) and competes in the Single A (1A) division. Current sports offered are boys' basketball, girls' basketball, cross-country, girls' volleyball, wrestling, track and cheerleading. New for 2008-2009 will be girls' softball.

</doc>
<doc id="18545627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18545627" title="Tweety's Circus">
Tweety's Circus

"Tweety's Circus" is a "Merrie Melodies" cartoon animated short starring Tweety, Sylvester, and various circus animals. Released June 4, 1955, the cartoon is directed by Friz Freleng. All the voices are performed by Mel Blanc.
Plot.
The story centers on Sylvester visiting a circus, where he not only tries to catch Tweety for his meal, but attempt to one-up a lion (an attraction billed as "King of the Cats").
A carefree Sylvester walks into the circus singing his theme "Meow!" where he visits the various animal exhibits. There, upon seeing the lion exhibit, the unimpressed cat immediately expresses his displeasure over the large feline's billing. All that changes when he realizes he'd just passed by the Tweety Bird... and thus the chase begins.
Tweety runs into the big top, where the lion (now uncaged) is waiting to maul Sylvester for his earlier remarks (not to mention Sylvester clobbering him with a shovel). From this point forward, the lion serves as both an antagonist for Sylvester and a protector of Tweety.
Sylvester tries beating what he thinks is a fire hose to free Tweety, unknowing that the "hose" is an elephant's trunk. The elephant grabs Sylvester with his trunk and—after crushing his chest—throws the battered puss into the lion's cage, where the lion finishes the job.
Other run-ins with the lion, elephant and other animals, all ending with Sylvester getting the worst of things, involve him exploiting his abilities as a high diver (Tweety directs the elephant to "drink it all down" (referring to the water) before Sylvester lands), a fire eater (the lion makes Sylvester eat the fire) and a high-wire walker ("hewwooooo, puddy tat!").
In the end, Sylvester finally gets rid of the lion ... only to unwittingly lock himself in a cage with even more lions (also the antagonists for Sylvester). Tweety immediately takes a hat and cane and becomes a carnival barker ("Huwwy! Huwwy! Huwwy! Step wight up for da gweatest show on Eawth! Fifty wions and one puddy tat!") A loud roar erupts, and with Sylvester presumably having met his fate, Tweety changes his spiel: "Step wight up! Fifty wions, count 'em, fifty wions!"

</doc>
<doc id="18545645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18545645" title="List of TVB series (1995)">
List of TVB series (1995)

This is a list of series released by or aired on TVB Jade Channel in 1995.
First line series.
These dramas aired in Hong Kong from 7:00 to 8:00 pm, Monday to Friday on TVB.
Second line series.
These dramas aired in Hong Kong from 9:35 to 10:35 pm, Monday to Friday on TVB.
Third line series.
These dramas aired in Hong Kong from 10:35 to 11:05 pm, Monday to Friday on TVB.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18545655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18545655" title="Ellen Sturgis Hooper">
Ellen Sturgis Hooper

Ellen Sturgis Hooper (February 17, 1812 – November 3, 1848) was an American poet. A member of the Transcendental Club, she was widely regarded as one of the most gifted poets among the New England Transcendentalists. Her work is occasionally reprinted in anthologies.
She was, besides, an acquaintance of William Ellery Channing, Margaret Fuller, Nathaniel Hawthorne, and Henry James, Sr..
Biography.
Ellen Sturgis was born in Boston, Massachusetts, the daughter of William F. Sturgis and Elizabeth M. Davis. Her father was a wealthy Boston merchant.
Her poetry was regularly commissioned by Ralph Waldo Emerson and published in "The Dial". Her poems also appeared in Elizabeth Peabody's "Æsthetic Papers" (1849), and the final stanzas of one of her poems, "The Wood-Fire", appear in Henry David Thoreau's "Walden" (1854).
She married Robert W. Hooper, and the couple had three children, one of whom, Marian "Clover" Hooper, married Henry Adams and became a celebrated Washington, D.C., hostess and photographer.
Ellen Sturgis Hooper's early death in Boston, at age 36, is said to have "enshrined her in the memories of her associates as a Transcendental angel."

</doc>
<doc id="18545658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18545658" title="Index Catalogue of Visual Double Stars">
Index Catalogue of Visual Double Stars

The Index Catalogue of Visual Double Stars, or IDS, is a catalog of double stars. It was published by Lick Observatory in 1963 and contains measurements for 64,250 objects, covering the entire sky. The database used to construct this catalog was later transferred from Lick Observatory to the United States Naval Observatory, where it became the basis for the Washington Double Star Catalog.

</doc>
<doc id="18545677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18545677" title="Midline glossectomy">
Midline glossectomy

A midline glossectomy is a surgical reduction of the size of the base of the tongue (posterior tongue). It sometimes is used to treat sleep apnea.

</doc>
<doc id="18545681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18545681" title="Center for the American Idea">
Center for the American Idea

The Center for the American Idea is the leading program of the Free Enterprise Institute, a Houston-based think tank, founded in 1976 by Rolland Storey to advance the principles of liberty and free enterprise through continuing education programs for teachers.
History.
The Free Enterprise Institute was founded by Mr. Rolland Storey in 1976. As Mr. Storey was nearing retirement from a 25-year career with Houston Natural Gas Corporation, his friend Lucy Eisenhower suggested that he attend a Mont Pelerin Society meeting. Once there, he was delighted to learn that people devoted to freedom and liberty were meeting and talking with such enthusiasm. He already knew that the defense of the market economy and limited government rests on the premise that ordered liberty, freedom guided by virtue, produces prosperity. Knowing that others would benefit from all he had learned, Mr. Storey saw an opportunity to use his retirement in a new and productive way.
Storey closed his business career with a “Founding Party.” At this event, he shared with his colleagues his dream of preserving and perpetuating America’s heritage of freedom by educating teachers and students on the principles of free enterprise and a thorough understanding of the U.S. Constitution. He announced the creation of the Free Market Education Foundation and unveiled a film, “The Second Battle of Britain,” that he had purchased, and laid out his plan to show it at schools and any place else he could book it. 
He began with a program offering prizes to students for the best speech on the “Ten Pillars of Economic Freedom” which reached hundreds of students, many of whom made numerous appearances before service clubs and organizations. Over time, he became more involved in teaching high school students about the United States Constitution. Using W. Cleon Skousen’s “The Miracle of America” program, students routinely spent over a hundred hours mastering the framework of the Constitution. This program had tremendous impact, and launched several careers in law and government service. Over time, Storey sought to leverage the impact of the Institute on students by conducting programs for teachers. The American Idea professional development program for teachers was born. Professors and scholars were brought in from around the country to impart to teachers the virtues of the free market system, including private property, individual responsibility, and limited government. 
In 1992, Storey retired from the Free Enterprise Institute. In his second retirement, he still kept busy spreading the word of freedom to a large mailing list of interested people. That year Winston Elliott, then a member of the Board of Advisors, was named President. Under Mr. Elliott's leadership, the Institute expanded the American Idea seminar offerings from economics and government to include history, literature, and the great books generally: the foundations of America's heritage. Through the years, the Free Enterprise Institute, with its Center for the American Idea, has become an influence in the careers of over 5,000 teachers, from hundreds of schools, in Houston and across the country, impacting the education of hundreds of thousands of students every year.
Programs.
The Center for the American Idea promotes Burkean conservative principles to teachers through various programs, such as workshops and lectures. Teachers study writers who have influenced the Western intellectual tradition from the classical age to the modern period. The most common sources for the Center's readings are:
American Idea Conferences.
The Institute’s American Idea Conferences have multiple lectures on a single day on a specific theme. Teachers hear lectures by professors in such fields as economics, history, government, and literature. With partnerships in the community, the Institute has been holding conferences at the University of St. Thomas, the Houston Museum of Natural Science, Museum of Fine Arts, and the Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas – Houston Branch.
The American Founding and the Western Intellectual Tradition Colloquia.
The Institute's partnership with Liberty Fund, Inc., a free-market-oriented foundation based in Indianapolis, has made possible a series of intensive programs across the United States. With this partnership, the Institute is hand picking educators for these discussions on texts related to liberty and its moral foundation. Colloquia will be held at cities like Philadelphia and Williamsburg, sites with deep ties to America's founding. Educators compare texts on the role of liberty in free enterprise, private property, and limited government. Topics include: Liberty and Responsibility in the Western Tradition, The Constitutional Convention & Liberty, Tyranny and Liberty in Shakespeare and Plutarch, Historical & Philosophical Roots of American Constitutionalism, and the Federalists and the Anti-Federalists: Competing Visions of Liberty.
American Idea Socratic Symposia.
Institute Socratic Symposia are small group, one-day seminar sessions. Teachers read a specific text relating to freedom and responsibility. Visiting scholars lead them in an orderly discussion where they engage each other in a rigorous consideration of the text at issue: what it says, how it says it, and what difference it makes. This forum provides teachers with an environment where they are able to exchange their ideas at a graduate school level. Past Socratic Symposia include such topics as: Jacques Barzun-The Classics and Education and Russell Kirk: A Program for Conservatives. These discussions are an opportunity for teachers to develop an ongoing relationship with the Institute.

</doc>
<doc id="18545682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18545682" title="Arthur Harry Church">
Arthur Harry Church

Arthur Harry Church FRS (28 March 1865 – 24 April 1937) was a British botanist and botanical illustrator.
Biography.
Church was born in Plymouth, England, the son of a saddler, and went to school locally. In 1887 his mother died and, with his inheritance of £100, he went to University College of Wales, Aberystwyth. With a first (London external) degree in Botany he won in 1891 a scholarship to Jesus College, Oxford, obtaining a first-class Oxford degree in botany in 1894.
He was a Research Fellow of Jesus College from 1908 to 1912 and University Reader in Botany from 1910 to 1930. He was elected as a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1921. His particular fields of interest were phyllotaxy, the development and arrangement of parts of the flower and one-celled sea plants. He was a fine illustrator and photographer, sometimes illustrating his own publications.
He married Emma Palmer Pratt of Aberystwith. They had three daughters. Each daughter was given as her middle name the name of a plant in flower at the time of her birth: Audrey Althea (hollyhock), Rosemary Doronica ("Doronicum orientale") and Grace Coryla (hazel).

</doc>
<doc id="18545689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18545689" title="Nanosana">
Nanosana

Nanosana is a small village in India, situated in Banaskantha district in northern Gujarat, India. Administratively, it is in Vadgam Taluka near post Nandotra. The population of the village is around 1750. The main business of the people is agriculture and dairy farming.
The main community of the village is Anjana Chaudhary Patel, Luhar (Panchal), Prajapati, Nai(Barber), Rajput, Thakor, Prajapati, Vaghari. Nanosana is 13 km away from Vadgam and 30 km from Palanpur the main city of the Banaskantha District.
The nearby villages include Pasvadal, Nandotra, Gidasan, Rupal, Fatehgarh. Sidhpur is around 13 km away from here and people normally head towards Siddhapur, Chapi for Job in Fabrication Industry or else Palanpur is favourite amongst people who make living from cutting diamonds.
There is a big temple of Shiva in the village.

</doc>
<doc id="18545696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18545696" title="Språkförsvaret">
Språkförsvaret

Språkförsvaret (literal translation: the language defence) is a politically independent network working to strengthen the Swedish language in Sweden and Finland.

</doc>
<doc id="18545697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18545697" title="Uncial 060">
Uncial 060

Uncial 060 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 13 (Soden), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament. Paleographically it has been assigned to the 6th century. 
Description.
The codex contains a small part of the Gospel of John 14:14-17.19-21.23-24.26-28 on a fragment of 1 parchment leaf (14 cm by 12 cm). It is written in two columns per page, 24 lines per page, in small uncial letters. I does not use breathings and accents; iota and ypsilon are written with diaeresis.
The Greek text of this codex is mixed. Aland placed it in Category III.
C. R. Gregory saw it in 1903. Gregory added it to the list of New Testament manuscripts in 1908. It was examined and described by Salonius.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 6th century.
The codex is located at the Berlin State Museums, in Berlin (P. 5877).

</doc>
<doc id="18545708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18545708" title="Ed Greathouse">
Ed Greathouse

Elery "Ed" Guy Greathouse (October 26, 1899 – 1954) was an American boxer who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Roane County, West Virginia.
In 1924 he was eliminated in the second round of the heavyweight class after losing his fight to the upcoming bronze medalist Alfredo Porzio.

</doc>
<doc id="18545722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18545722" title="Toma Toke">
Toma Toke

Toma Toke (born Ha'ateiho, 20 June 1985) is a Tongan rugby union footballer. He plays as a prop. His current team is Doncaster Knights.
He was selected for the Tongan squad that entered the 2007 Rugby World Cup finals, playing three matches. He was later chosen for the Tonga autumn European tour. He has curently 12 caps for his national team, with 1 try scored, 5 points on aggregate.

</doc>
<doc id="18545736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18545736" title="Michael Spillane">
Michael Spillane

Michael Spillane may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18545761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18545761" title="Asia (Disney's Animal Kingdom)">
Asia (Disney's Animal Kingdom)

Asia is one of the themed lands in Disney's Animal Kingdom. Along with showcasing animals from throughout the continent, Asia is also the home of two of the park's major thrill rides. The section opened in 1999 as the first expansion land in Disney's Animal Kingdom.
Theme.
Just as the park's Africa section is set in the fictional village of Harambe, guests to Asia find themselves in the village of Anandapur, which means "place of delight" in Sanskrit. During its history, the village was part of a larger kingdom, also called Anandapur, which was ruled by benevolent maharajahs. Since then, the "residents" of the village have devoted much of the outskirts to the conservation and study of the region's animal life.

</doc>
<doc id="18545784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18545784" title="Ceol Aduaidh">
Ceol Aduaidh

Ceol Aduaidh is the first (studio) album by Frankie Kennedy and Mairéad Ní Mhaonaigh (who would go on to found the Irish band Altan), originally released in 1983 on the Gael-Linn Records label. It was reissued in 1994 by Green Linnet Records and in 2009 by Gael-Linn. In Irish Gaelic, "Ceol Aduaidh" means "Music from the North".
Track listing.
All titles arranged by Frankie Kennedy and Mairéad Ní Mhaonaigh.

</doc>
<doc id="18545789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18545789" title="Pittsburgh Keystones">
Pittsburgh Keystones

The Pittsburgh Keystones may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18545794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18545794" title="Achanak (1973 film)">
Achanak (1973 film)

Achanak is a 1973 Hindi film made by Gulzar. Vinod Khanna is in the lead role. Gulzar won a Filmfare nomination as Best Director for this film. Even though Gulzar is an accomplished lyricist, this film had no songs in it. K.A. Abbas earned a Filmfare nomination for best story. It is inspired by the real-life sensational 1958 murder case KM Nanavati v State of Maharashtra.
Plot.
Major Ranjeet Khanna (Vinod Khanna) is in love with his wife Pushpa, who seems to love him as well. His commanding officer, also his father-in-law, is played by Iftekar. Ranjeet is happy with his marriage, until he finds out about his wife's affair with his best friend. He kills them both and turns himself in to the police. Then, he escapes from the police to find the Ganges River, because he wanted to fulfill his wife's wish of dropping her wedding necklace into the river. However, the police shoot him first and he is hospitalized, where he becomes emotionally attached to the doctors (Om Shivpuri, Asrani) and the nurse (Farida Jalal), who are also devastated when he is sentenced to hang.
Production.
The entire film production was completed in 28 days. Achanak was based on a Khwaja Ahmed Abbas story, "The Thirteenth Victim", which had appeared in the magazine called Imprint. In 1973 N.C Sippy's sons, Romu and Raj Sippy collaborated with partner Hrishikesh Mukherjee to produce "Achanak" and they approached Gulzar to direct it. Gulzar approached Vasantrao, a marathi background score composer to compose the score for this film since it would have no songs otherwise.

</doc>
<doc id="18545803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18545803" title="Gülen movement">
Gülen movement

The Gülen movement is a transnational religious and social movement led by Turkish Islamic scholar and preacher Fethullah Gülen. The movement has no official name, but it is usually called simply Hizmet ("the Service") by its followers and is known euphemistically as Cemaat ("the Community/Assembly") to the broader public in Turkey.
The movement has attracted supporters and critics in Turkey, Central Asia, and increasingly in other parts of the world. The movement is active in education (with private and charter schools in over 140 countries) and self-described interfaith dialogue. It has substantial investments in media, finance, and for–profit health clinics. The movement has been described as a "pacifist, modern-minded Islam, often praised as a contrast to more extreme Salafism." Others have described it as "having the characteristics of a cult" and likened its secretiveness and influence in Turkish politics to an "Islamic Opus Dei".
Nature and participation.
The exact number of supporters of the Gülen movement is not known, as the movement is rather secretive to some but to others there is no official membership structure, but estimates vary from 1 million to 8 million. The movement consists primarily of students, teachers, businessmen, journalists and other professionals. 
Some studies claim that the movement is arranged in a flexible organizational network. It has founded schools, universities, an employers' association, as well as charities, real estate trusts, student bodies, radio and television stations, and newspapers. They believe that the schools and businesses organize locally, and link into networks on an informal rather than legal basis. "Forbes" magazine wrote that the Gülen movement is not seeking to subvert modern secular states but rather encourages practicing Muslims to use to the fullest the opportunities those countries offer. The "New York Times" has described the movement as coming from a "moderate blend of Islam." "Prospect" magazine reported that Gülen and the Gülen movement "are at home with technology, markets and multinational business and especially with modern communications and public relations." Some believe that In Turkey, the Gülen movement tries to keep its distance from Islamic political parties. "The Economist" described the Gülen movement as a Turkish-based movement that sounds more reasonable than most of its rivals, and which is vying to be recognized as the World's leading Muslim network. It stated that Gülen has won praise from non-Muslim quarters with his belief in science, inter-faith dialog and multi-party democracy. Nilüfer Göle, professor of sociology at the Ecole des Hautes Etudes in Paris, who is known for her studies on modernization and conservatism, has described the Gülen movement as the World's most global movement. According to Lester Kurtz's (of University of Texas, Austin), Gulen schools (see section on Education) are a form of service to humanity designed to promote learning in a broader sense, to avoid explicit Islamic propaganda, and to lay the foundations for a more humane, tolerant citizenry of the World where people are expected to cultivate their own faith perspectives and also promote the well being of others. 
Some other studies, including some people who have left the movement, state that its organizational structure is strict, hierarchical, and undemocratic. Gülen (known to his followers as Hocaefendi, or "master teacher") is the sole leader, they say, and each community is led by abis, or elder brothers, who are privy to only a limited amount of information. Sociologist Berna Turam has argued that the abis make strong suggestions about, and perhaps dictate, whom members should marry. Hakan Yavuz, a Turkish political scientist at the University of Utah, calls the movement "a resistance movement to the ongoing Kemalist modernization process in Turkey." Ilhan Tanır, a Turkish journalist who was in the cemaat but who left it, has expressed his concern about the blind obedience demanded of its members. The belief that the movement commands or inspires blind obedience is not confined to those who have left it. In 2010, American journalist Suzy Hansen, writing for "The New Republic", visited the Golden Generation Worship and Retreat Center in Saylorsburg, Pennsylvania, where Gülen lives. The president of the facility, Bekir Aksoy, explained to her that "our people do not complain... They obey commands completely... Let me put it this way. If a man with a Ph.D. and a career came to see Hocaefendi, and Hocaefendi told him it might be a good idea to build a village on the North Pole, that man with a Ph.D. would be back the next morning with a suitcase."
The movement, according to researchers such as Yavuz, has three coordinated tiers: businessmen, journalists, and teachers. The first tier, the so-called Anatolian bourgeoisie, provides financial support: it funds private high schools, universities, colleges, dormitories, summer camps, and foundations around the world. The journalists of the second tier own one of the leading Turkish dailies, "Zaman"; its English-language counterpart, "Today's Zaman" (which is often not a faithful translation); the Turkish television station Samanyolu TV (STV); the Cihan News Agency; many magazines and academic journals; several lesser dailies and TV channels; and many Internet-only news outlets. Finally, teachers operate the schools.
The movement is sometimes accused of being "missionary" in intent, or of organizing in a clandestine way and aiming for political power. About the accusations of ""hidden agenda"", members of the movement say "Anybody who accuses us of having a hidden agenda, is welcome to come and quiz us. We have nothing to hide".
While some women in the movement do not wear the Islamic head covering, most female participants and family of members conform the high level of gender segregation in the movement and wear clothing that does not expose any part of the arms and legs. Gender segregation "remains an ideal inside the cemaat and is never touched on in theory," but because of the variety of social activities the movement engages in, participants' practice is slightly more liberal than other theoretical understandings of the movement, as events such as press releases and donation drives require free socialization that diverges from the called-upon gender segregation and "modesty". However, many women in Turkey and elsewhere find the movement's requirements far from acceptable and sexist at worse.
Movement activities.
Education.
Globally, the Gülen movement is especially active in education. In 2009 "Newsweek" claimed that movement participants run "schools in which more than 2 million students receive education, many with full scholarships". Estimates of the number of schools and educational institutions vary widely, from about 300 schools in Turkey to over 1,000 schools worldwide. 
Two American professors at the Lutheran Theological Seminary at Philadelphia and Temple University wrote that "these schools have consistently promoted good learning and citizenship, and the "Hizmet" movement is to date an evidently admirable civil society organization to build bridges between religious communities and to provide direct service on behalf of the common good". Participants in the movement have also founded private universities. 
The greatest majority of the teachers are drawn from members of the Gülen network, who often encourage students in the direction of greater piety. A 2008 article in the "New York Times" said that in Pakistan "they encourage Islam in their dormitories, where teachers set examples in lifestyle and prayer", and described the Turkish schools as offering a gentler approach to Islam that could help reduce the influence of extremism. However, schools are not for Muslims alone, and in Turkey "the general curriculum for the network's schools prescribes one hour of religious instruction per week, while in many countries the schools do not offer any religious instruction at all. With the exception of a few Imam-Hatip schools abroad, these institutions can thus hardly be considered Islamic schools in the strict sense."
Other commentators disagree with these statements and are much more critical. In 2008, the Dutch government investigated the movement's activities in the Netherlands. Ella Vogelaar, the country's minister for housing, communities, and integration, warned that "in general terms, when an organization calls for turning away from society, this is at odds with the objectives of integration." It was, she noted, incumbent upon the government to "keep sharp watch over people and organizations that systematically incite anti-integrative behavior, for this can also be a breeding ground for radicalization." Testifying about one of the schools in the investigation, a former member of the movement called it a "sect with a groupthink outside of which these students cannot ":
"After years living in the boarding school it is psychologically impossible to pull yourself away; you get guilt feelings. Furthermore, it forces the students to live, think and do as the Big Brothers abis instruct them to. Furthermore, through psychological pressure, these students are told which choice of career is the best they can make for the sake of high ideals. . . . Another very bad aspect is that students no longer respect their parents and they do not listen if the parents do not live by the standards imposed by the group; they are psychologically distanced from their parents; here you have your little soldiers that march only to the orders of their abis. The abis are obliged to obey the provincial leaders, who in turn must obey the national leaders, who in turn obey Fethullah Gülen."
Following the investigation, the Dutch government, concluding that the Gülen schools did indeed promote "anti-integrative behavior," reduced their public funding.
In June 2011, "New York Times" shed light on schools in the United States, revealing that "Gulen followers have been involved in starting similar schools around the country — there are about 120 in all, mostly in urban centers in 25 states, one of the largest collections of charter schools in America."
Federal authorities are investigating several of the movement's schools for forcing employees to send part of their paychecks to Turkey. In March 2011, "Philadelphia Enquirer" reported that Federal Agencies including "FBI and the Departments of Labor and Education - were investigating whether some employees were kicking back part of their salaries to a Muslim movement founded by Gulen known as Hizmet."
The FBI has investigated Concept Schools, which operate 16 Horizon Science Academies across Ohio, on the suspicion that they illegally used taxpayer money to pay immigration and legal fees for people they never even employed, an Ohio ABC affiliate discovered. The FBI's suspicion was confirmed by state auditors. Concept Schools repaid the fees for their Cleveland and Toledo schools shortly before the ABC story broke, but it's unclear whether they have repaid—or can repay—the fees for their other schools. In December 2013, the FBI raided another Gülen-linked charter school, Kenilworth Science and Technology Charter School, located in Louisiana. The investigation, initially for tax-related purposes, led to the discovery of a business link between the school and Harmony Public Schools, another Gülen-linked charter school district based in Texas that makes up the state's largest charter operator.
Some commentators argue that schools are simply moneymakers for the Gülen movement and are the main avenue for building the Gülen community in the United States. In the United States, they obtain a substantial amount of private, state, and federal funding (in addition to tuition fees), and they have proved effective at soliciting private donations. 
Gülen spokespeople argue that the schools linked to the movement have became easy targets of a "Islamophobia network" in the U.S. The CAP report, called the Fear Inc, argued that various elements of the Islamophobia network treat these schools as a threat to America. They claim that "Muslim Gulen schools" would educate children through the lens of Islam and teach them to hate Americans".
Some people inspired by Gulen constantly invite high-ranking leaders to dinners to speak and lavish them with awards. Dozens of Texans, ranging from state lawmakers to congressional staff members to university professors, have taken trips to Turkey financed by Gülen's foundations. The Raindrop Foundation, for instance, paid for State Senator Leticia Van de Putte's travel to Istanbul, according to a recent campaign report. In 2012 she cosponsored a state senate resolution commending Gülen for "his ongoing and inspirational contributions to promoting global peace and understanding." Steve Terrell, a reporter at the "Santa Fe New Mexican", found that a remarkable number of local lawmakers had recently taken trips to Turkey courtesy of a private group, the Turquoise Council of Americans and Eurasians, that is tied to Gülen. In Idaho in 2011, a full tenth of state legislators went on a tour in Turkey financed by the Pacifica Institute, also inspired by Gülen. The Hawaii State Ethics Commission sent a memo to lawmakers reminding them to check with the commission before accepting the all-expenses-paid trip to Turkey to which they'd been invited by Pacifica. "The State Ethics Commission," said the memo, "does not have sufficient understanding of Pacifica Institute, the purpose of the trip, or the state ‘benefit' associated with the trip."
Two schools, located in Texas, have been accused of sending school funds—which are supplied by the government—to Gülen-inspired organizations. Last year, "The New York Times" reported that the some schools were funneling some $50 million in public funds to a network of Turkish construction companies, among them the Gülen-related Atlas Texas Construction and Trading. The schools had hired Atlas to do construction, the paper said, though other bidders claimed in lawsuits that they had submitted more economical bids. Folwell Dunbar, an official at the Louisiana Department of Education, has accused Atlas's vice president, Inci Akpinar, of offering him a $25,000 bribe to keep mum about troubling conditions at the Abramson Science and Technology School in New Orleans. Dunbar sent a memo to department colleagues, the "Times-Picayune" reported, noting that "Akpinar flattered him with 'a number of compliments' before getting to the point: 'I have twenty-five thousand dollars to fix this problem: twenty thousand for you and five for me.' " Abramson is operated by the Pelican Foundation, which is linked to the Gülen-inspired Cosmos Foundation in Texas—which runs the two Texas schools.
Utah's Beehive Science and Technology Academy was $337,000 in debt, according to a financial probe by the Utah Schools Charter Board. The "Deseret News" tried to figure out where all this taxpayer money had gone. "In a time of teacher layoffs, Beehive has recruited a high percentage of teachers from overseas, mainly Turkey," the newspaper reported. "Many of these teachers had little or no teaching experience before they came to the United States. Some of them are still not certified to teach in Utah. The school spent more than $53,000 on immigration fees for foreigners in five years. During the same time, administrators spent less than $100,000 on textbooks, according to state records." Reports have also claimed that the school board was almost entirely Turkish.
A reporter for the magazine "In These Times" noted in 2010 that the Chicago Math and Science Academy obscured its relationship to Gülen. Furthermore, the school board was strikingly similar to Beehive's: 
"When I went to the school's board meeting on July 8, I was taken aback to see a board of directors entirely of men. They all appeared of Turkish, Bosnian or Croatian descent. Although I have nothing against Turkish, Bosnian or Croatian men, it does seem that a school board serving students who are 58 percent Hispanic/Latino, 25 percent African American, 12 percent Asian and 5 percent white might be well served by some women board members and board members from ethnic backgrounds the school predominantly serves."
In April 2009, Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty published a piece about the Gülen schools in Central Asia stating the "Turkish educational institutions have come under increasing scrutiny... Governments as well as many scholars and journalists suspect that the schools have more than just education on their agendas..." The article quoted Hakan Yavuz, a Turkish professor of political science at the University of Utah, as calling the Gülen movement "a political movement... and it has always been political... They want to train an elitist class that will then turn Turkey into a centre of the religious World, Islamise the country... It is the most powerful movement right now in There is no other movement to balance them in society."
The schools in Kazakhstan have been accused of following admission policies that favor the children from the wealthy and well-connected families. Schools established by Gülen movement participants in Tashkent and St. Petersburg were closed for a period, accused of supporting Islamic groups (Tashkent) and diverging from the state curriculum (St. Petersburg). However, the St. Petersburg school filed an appeal. Subsequently, the school was re-opened in July 2008 after having its license revoked for over a year.
In April 2010, Trend News Agency published a piece about the Gülen schools in Georgia. Excerpt: "The Georgian Labor Party protested the opening of Turkish schools in Georgia. The party's Political Secretary Giorgi Gugava called the mass opening of Turkish schools in Georgia, "the dominance of Turkey in the Georgian educational system," and noted that these schools aim to spread Turkish culture and fundamentalist religious ideas…Gugava said the process is headed by Turkish religious leader Fetullah Gülen, whose activities are banned in his motherland…"
In other sources, the schools in Central Asia have been described as supporting a philosophy based on Turkish nationalism rather than on Islam.
Interfaith dialogue.
Gülen movement participants have founded a number of institutions across the World that claim to promote interfaith and intercultural dialogue activities. For example, in 2006 in Gothenburg, Sweden, the Gülen movement started "Dialogslussen" which purports to promote interfaith dialogue in Sweden. Gülen has met with leaders of other religions, including Pope John Paul II, the Greek Orthodox Patriarch Bartholomew I, and Israeli Sephardic Head Rabbi Eliyahu Bakshi-Doron. Similar to his role model Said Nursi, Gülen claims to favor cooperation between followers of different religions and different forms of Islam (such as Sunnism vs. Alevism). B. Jill Carroll of Rice University in Houston said in an "Interfaith Voices" program, an independent public radio program, that "Gülen has greatly impacted three generations in Turkey.". Of the schools she said: "These schools invest in the future and aim at creating a community that offers equal opportunities for everyone."
Other activities.
Movement participants have set up a number of media organs, including Turkish-language TV stations (Samanyolu TV, Mehtap TV), an English-language TV station in the United States (Ebru TV), the Turkish-language newspaper "Zaman", the English-language newspaper "Today's Zaman", magazines and journals in Turkish like "Aksiyon", "Sızıntı", "Yeni Ümit", the English language "The Fountain Magazine", and Arabic language "Hira", the international media group Cihan and the radio station Burç FM. Since 1998 the Journalists and Writers Foundation non-profit was set up, which claims that its mission is "to organize events promoting love, tolerance and dialogue." The aid charity "Kimse Yok Mu?" ("Is Anybody There?") was established in March 2004 as a continuation of a TV program of the same name that ran on the Gülen movement's Samanyolu TV for some years.
Movement supporters have also formed business lobbying groups and think tanks in Washington and Brussels, including Interfaith Dialogue Institute, Interfaith Dialog Center, and Rumi Forum. Bank Asya, formerly Asya Finans, was founded by Gülen movement participants in 1994. Işık Sigorta (Light Insurance) company describes itself as a partner of Bank Asya.
Fethullah Gülen's and the Gülen movement's views and practices have been discussed in international conferences. In October 2007 in London a conference was sponsored by the University of Birmingham, the Dialogue Society, the Irish School of Ecumenics, Leeds Metropolitan University, the London Middle East Institute, the Middle East Institute and the School of Oriental and African Studies, University of London. Niagara Foundation of Chicago, together with several academic institutions, organized "The Gülen Movement: Paradigms, Projects and Aspirations" conference, which was held at University of Chicago on Nov 11-13 2010.
Political involvement.
Questions have arisen about the Gülen movement's possible involvement in the ongoing Ergenekon investigation, which critics have characterized as "a pretext" by the government "to neutralize dissidents" in Turkey. In March 2011, seven Turkish journalists were arrested, including Ahmet Şık, who had been writing a book, "Imamin Ordusu" ("The Imam's Army"), which alleges that the Gülen movement has infiltrated the country's security forces. As Şık was taken into police custody, he shouted, "Whoever touches it movement gets burned!". Upon his arrest, drafts of the book were confiscated and its possession was banned. Şık has also been charged with being part of the alleged Ergenekon plot, despite being an investigator of the plot before his arrest.
In a reply, Abdullah Bozkurt, from the Gülen movement newspaper "Today's Zaman", accused Ahmet Şık of not being "an investigative journalist" conducting "independent research," but of hatching "a plot designed and put into action by the terrorist network itself."
According to Gareth H. Jenkins, a Senior Fellow of the Central Asia-Caucasus Institute & Silk Road Studies Joint Center at Johns Hopkins University: 
From the outset, the pro-AKP media, particularly the newspapers and television channels run by the Gülen Movement such as "Zaman", "Today's Zaman" and Samanyolu TV, have vigorously supported the Ergenekon investigation. This has included the illegal publication of "evidence" collected by the investigators before it has been presented in court, misrepresentations and distortions of the content of the indictments and smear campaigns against both the accused and anyone who questions the conduct of the investigations.
There have long been allegations that not only the media coverage but also the Ergenekon investigation itself is being run by Gülen's supporters. In August 2010, Hanefi Avcı, a right-wing police chief who had once been sympathetic to the Gülen Movement, published a book in which he alleged that a network of Gülen's supporters in the police were manipulating judicial processes and fixing internal appointments and promotions. On September 28, 2010, two days before he was due to give a press conference to present documentary evidence to support his allegations, Avcı was arrested and charged with membership of an extremist leftist organization. He remains in jail. On March 14, 2011, Avcı was also formally charged with being a member of the alleged Ergenekon gang.
The Gülen movement has also been implicated in what both Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan as well as the opposition Republican People's Party (CHP) have said were illegal court decisions against members of the Turkish military, including many during the Ergenekon investigation. Furthermore, in 2005, a man affiliated with the Gülen movement approached then-U.S. Ambassador to Turkey Eric S. Edelman during a party in Istanbul and handed him an envelope containing a document supposedly detailing plans for an imminent coup against the government by the Turkish military. However, the documents were soon found to be forgeries.
2013 corruption scandal.
On 17 December 2013, an investigation into alleged corrupt practices by several bureaucrats, ministers, mayors, and family members of the ruling Justice and Development Party (AKP) of Turkey was uncovered, resulting in widespread protests and calls for the resignation of the government led by Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan. Due to the high level of political influence by the Gülen movement in Turkey, believed by many analysts and much of the Turkish population to be facilitated by the movement's infiltration of the Turkish police force and the judiciary, the investigation was considered to be a result of a break in previously friendly relations between the Islamist-rooted government and the movement. Prime Minister Erdoğan has denounced Gülen and the movement as "foreign agents" and members of his government have accused the Gülen movement of "plotting against" Turkey. Fethullah Gülen responded to these accusations by releasing a video, saying "Those who don't see the thief but go after those who chase the thief ... may God bring fire to their homes". 

</doc>
<doc id="18545807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18545807" title="Symphony No. 41 (Haydn)">
Symphony No. 41 (Haydn)

The Symphony No. 41 in C major, Hoboken I/41, is a festive symphony by Joseph Haydn. The symphony was composed by 1769. It is scored for flute, two oboes, bassoon, two horns, two trumpets, timpani and strings.
The work is in four movements:
The flute appears only in the slow movement where it is featured prominently in several solo passages. 

</doc>
<doc id="18545812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18545812" title="Tesla discography">
Tesla discography

This is a complete discography of the rock band Tesla. They have released eight full-length studio albums, four live albums, three compilation albums, three video releases, two tribute albums, one extended play album and 23 singles.

</doc>
<doc id="18545824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18545824" title="Aad van den Hoek">
Aad van den Hoek

Aad van den Hoek (bron 14 October 1951) is a former Dutch cyclist. He was professional between 1974 and 1983 and was good friends with Gerrie Knetemann.
Biography.
In 1976, he finished last in the final of the Tour de France and carried the Lanterne rouge.
In 1972, he finished third in the 100 km team time trial at the Munich Olympics, but tested positive for Coramine, a drug allowed by the Union Cycliste Internationale but not the IOC. The Dutch team was disqualified.

</doc>
<doc id="18545845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18545845" title="Scientific Committee on Problems of the Environment">
Scientific Committee on Problems of the Environment

The Scientific Committee on Problems of the Environment (SCOPE) was established by the 10th meeting of the Executive Committee of the International Council for Science in 1969. SCOPE's members include 38 national science academies and research councils, and 22 international scientific unions.
SCOPE exists primarily to develop scientific reviews of key environmental issues around the themes of Managing Societal and Natural Resources, Ecosystem Processes and Biodiversity, Health and Environment. Recent reports include biofuels, environmental nitrogen, and biodiversity.
In 2012 SCOPE started a collaboration with the publishing house Elsevier. A new journal, "Environmental Development" was introduced The journal has 4 volumes a year.
The current president is Lu Yonglong of the Chinese Academy of Sciences. 
The secretariat is located in Paris.
SCOPE-Zhongyu Environmental Awards.
The SCOPE-Zhongyu Environmental Awards were introduced in 2010, They include three categories of Young scientist awards - environmental sciences; environmental technologies; and environmental management - that are awards annually. Every second year the Lifetime Achievements Award is given to two scientists with major contribution to the environmental sciences.
SCOPE-Zhongyu Environmental Forum.
The SCOPE-Zhongyu Environmental Forum is an annual event first organised in Shanghai in 2010. The Forum addresses current environmental issues, trying to bring scientists from different fields together with policy makers.
UN.
SCOPE has through the years developed a close collaboration with UN organizations, in particular UNESCO and UNEP.
SCOPE is a major contributor to UNEP's yearbooks and together with UNESCO and UNEP, SCOPE is publishing a policy brief series. Both series are intended for decision makers.

</doc>
<doc id="18545885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18545885" title="Jiang Lin">
Jiang Lin

Jiang Lin (; born 23 October 1981 in Qingdao, Shandong) is a male archer from the People's Republic of China.
2008 Summer Olympics.
At the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, Jiang finished his ranking round with a total of 632 points. This gave him the 55th seed for the final competition bracket in which he faced Lee Chang-Hwan in the first round. Lee won the confrontation with 112-108 and would eventually be beaten in the third round.
Together with Li Wenquan and Xue Haifeng, Jiang also took part in the team event. With his 632 score from the ranking round combined with the 646 of Li and the 663 of Xue the Chinese were in 12th and last position after the ranking round. However, in the first round they were too strong for the British team 214-210. They advanced to the semi final by eliminating Russia 217-209, but lost against South Korea 221-218. In the bronze medal match China was too strong for the team from Ukraine, beating them 222-219 to claim the bronze.
Major achievements.
"Recurve Men" category

</doc>
<doc id="18545890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18545890" title="Cherryville Township, Gaston County, North Carolina">
Cherryville Township, Gaston County, North Carolina

Cherryville Township is a township in northwestern Gaston County, North Carolina, United States. As of the 2010 census it had a population of 16,500. It includes the incorporated city of Cherryville, the inactive incorporated town of Dellview, the unincorporated community of Tryon, and a portion of the town of High Shoals (most of which is in Dallas Township). It is represented on the Gaston County Board of Commissioners by Allen Fraley of Cherryville.
Demographics.
Cherryville Township had a reported population in the 2000 United States Census of 15,724. This includes 5361 people in the incorporated City of Cherryville. The racial makeup of the township was 92.12% White, 6.24% African American, 0.20% Native American, 0.38% Asian, 0.54% from other races, and 0.51% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.07% of the population.
Voting-age population figures from the 2000 Census are reported for each of the township's five voting precincts. Three of the precincts are in the northwestern part of the township near Cherryville, one in the south near Tryon, and one in the northeast near Landers Chapel Methodist Church. The township's total voting-age population was 8507, or itemized by area:
Geography.
Cherryville Township occupies a total area of . Pasour Mountain, a monadnock ridge and local high point at elevation , forms the boundary between Cherryville Township and Dallas Township to the east.
Cherryville Township lies within six watersheds. The northwest corner of the township is in the Buffalo Creek watershed and the area southwest of Cherryville in the watershed of Muddy Fork Creek (itself a tributary of Buffalo Creek). These watersheds are in the Broad River catchment basin and most of their area is in Cleveland County. Highway 274 / Mountain Street generally follows the watershed separating the catchement basins of the Broad and Catawba rivers. Areas north of Cherryville are in the Indian Creek watershed, drained by Mill Creek, Lick Fork Creek and an unnamed tributary of Indian Creek. Indian Creek is a tributary of the South Fork Catawba River, entering the river near Laboratory, North Carolina. Most of central and eastern Cherryville Township is in the Beaverdam Creek watershed, drained by the -long Beaverdam Creek and its -long tributary Little Beaverdam Creek. Beaverdam Creek is a tributary of the South Fork Catawba River, entering the river near High Shoals. The southern section of the township is in the Long Creek watershed. Long Creek flows east through Bessemer City, Dallas, and Gastonia before emptying into the South Fork Catawba River in Ranlo. Finally, a small area in the far northeastern corner of the township is in the Hoyle Creek watershed.
Community services.
Fire protection in unincorporated areas of the township in provided by the Hughs Pond Volunteer Fire Department (VFD) in areas northwest of Cherryville, Waco Community Fire Department (of Cleveland County) southwest of Cherryville, Crouse VFD (of Lincoln County) northeast of Cherryville, Tryonota VFD southeast of Cherryville, High Shoals VFD in the northeast corner of the township, and Agricultural Center VFD in areas along the eastern boundary of the township.
Education.
Most of Cherryville Township is in the Cherryville High School attendance district. Students in southern parts of the township go to Bessemer City High School and far eastern parts to North Gaston High School in Dallas
Religious life.
Saint Mark's Lutheran Church (ELCA), located about east of the City of Cherryville, is one of the oldest churches in the township and is among the older Lutheran congregations in the entire Piedmont area (and in the Lutheran Synod of North Carolina). It was originally organized in 1790 as Beaver Dam Lutheran Church and located at a site about east of the present location. The first congregants were immigrants from southern Germany. The congregation moved to its present site in 1858 and changed the church's name to St. Marks. The cemetery at the original site was restored in 1992.
Mount Zion Baptist Church, located northwest of Cherryville, is the oldest Baptist church in the township. It was organized on October 7, 1857. The site had been the location of a Presbyterian meeting house called Anthony's Meeting House, established on May 18, 1807. The meeting house later became an inter-denominational place of worship for Lutherans, Presbyterians, and Baptists, called Hebron Meeting House.
Other rural churches in Cherryville Township include Zion Hill Baptist Church, Oak Grove AME Zion Church, Shady Grove Baptist Church (organized in 1881), Iglesia Bautista Hispana, Creekside Community Church (Tryon), Concord United Methodist Church (Tryon), Mount Pisgah Baptist Church, Mount Beulah Baptist Church (organized 1916), Sunnyside Baptist Church, Bethel Evangelical Lutheran Church, and Landers Chapel United Methodist Church.
Historic properties.
Cherryville Township has three sites designated as Gaston County Historic Properties. The Tryon County Courthouse site near the Tryon Community was the location of a courthouse at the time of the American Revolution. Bethel Lutheran Church in the eastern part of the township dates to 1893. The cemetery, school, and church building at Landers Chapel United Methodist Church in the northeastern part of the township date to 1875, 1912, and 1925, respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="18545898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18545898" title="Isobel Campbell discography">
Isobel Campbell discography

The discography of Isobel Campbell, a Scottish musician and vocalist, consists of four solo studio albums, seven singles, a studio album in collaboration with Bill Wells and three with Mark Lanegan as well as several cameos on other artists' records. Isobel Campbell debuted in 1996 as cellist and sometime vocalist of indie pop band Belle & Sebastian. Despite limited commercial success, Belle & Sebastian have been hailed as the greatest Scottish band ever.
Campbell released two records under the pseudonym of The Gentle Waves whilst still a member of Belle & Sebastian, which she left in the midst of the band's 2002 North American tour. In 2003 she released "Amorino", her first album under her own name, which received mixed reviews from critics. 2006 saw the release of "Ballad of the Broken Seas", a critically acclaimed collaboration with Mark Lanegan which was later nominated for the Mercury Music Prize. This was followed by a solo album, "Milkwhite Sheets", which spawned the single "O Love Is Teasin'". Campbell reunited with Lanegan to record "Sunday at Devil Dirt", which was released on May 13, 2008.
Studio albums.
I Released under the pseudonym of The Gentle Waves.

</doc>
<doc id="18545900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18545900" title="Brown and Storey Architects">
Brown and Storey Architects

Brown and Storey Architects (B+SA) is a Canadian architecture practice based in Toronto, Ontario. Set up in 1981 by James Brown and Kim Storey –daughter of architect Joseph Storey– the office is made up of multi-disciplinary professionals –urban designers, architects, landscape designers, technologists and visualization experts– producing designs and research studies in public space, urbanism, infrastructure, and recreation landscape. B+SA is well known for their design of Yonge-Dundas Square, Toronto’s busiest public space. 
The work of Brown and Storey Architects has been recognized and awarded in local and international competitions including Toronto Historical Board Commendation for Garrison Creek Demonstration Project and Toronto Urban Design Award for College Street Masterplan As well, awards for Yonge-Dundas Square were received from "Canadian Architect" [http://www.canadianarchitect.com/awards/awardwinners.asp and Progressive Architecture. The office’s work has been published and presented in Canada and the U.S., and has been exhibited in many venues including New York, Milan, Venice Biennale VI International Exhibition of Architecture, University of Toronto, UIA Congress in Barcelona, and Fuori Uso in Pescara.

</doc>
<doc id="18545906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18545906" title="Dallas Township, Gaston County, North Carolina">
Dallas Township, Gaston County, North Carolina

Dallas Township is a township in north-central Gaston County, North Carolina, United States. As of the 2010 census it had a population of 21,436. It includes the incorporated towns of Dallas, High Shoals (a portion of which is in Cherryville Township), and Stanley (shared with Riverbend Township). It also includes small portions of the city of Gastonia and a small outlying portion of the town of Ranlo. Unincorporated areas in the township include Alexis, Hardins, Ashebrook Park, and Vinton Woods.
Demographics.
As of the census of 2000, there were 19,542 people and 8,004 housing units in the township. The population density was 334.5 people per square mile (129.2/km²) and the average density of housing units was 137.0 per square mile. The racial makeup of the township was 92.29% White, 7.59% African American, 0.34% Native American, 0.21% Asian, 0.38% from other races, and 0.68% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.50% of the population.
Geography.
According to the United States Census Bureau, the township covers a total area of , with , or 99.2 percent, of it land. Pasour Mountain, a monadnock ridge and local high point at elevation , forms the boundary between Dallas Township and Cherryville Township to the west.
Government.
Townships in Gaston County do not exercise any administrative function and have no political leadership. They are, however, used for representation on the seven-member Gaston County Board of Commissioners. Those that file for a particular seat must live in that township. However, the vote is countywide or "at-large". Dallas Township has one seat on the Commission. It is currently held by Republican Tracy L. Philbeck of Dallas, who serves as Vice-Chairman of the Commission.

</doc>
<doc id="18545910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18545910" title="Riverbend Township, Gaston County, North Carolina">
Riverbend Township, Gaston County, North Carolina

Riverbend Township is a township in northeastern Gaston County, North Carolina, United States. As of the 2010 census, it had a population of 26,596.
It contains the northern portion of the city of Mount Holly, most of the town of Stanley, and a small portion of the town of Spencer Mountain, as well as the unincorporated communities of Mountain Island and Lucia.

</doc>
<doc id="18545916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18545916" title="Reef Bay Sugar Factory Historic District">
Reef Bay Sugar Factory Historic District

Reef Bay Sugar Factory Historic District is a historic section of Saint John, United States Virgin Islands located on the south central coast adjacent to Reef Bay. The land is the site of a sugar factory. The property was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places on July 23, 1981. 
The historic district is part of Virgin Islands National Park. The park maintains an exhibit of a well preserved sugar factory.
History.
Early inhabitants.
Archaeological research shows that the first inhabitants of the Virgin Islands were Ortoiroid people. The Arawaks migrated over a period of many centuries to the Virgin Islands and engaged in the first agriculture on the land. Local archaeological excavations confirm a Classic Taino culture on Saint John.
Plantation era.
Intermittently starting in the 1670s, the land along the shorelines of Saint John was occupied by settlers with diverse nationalities. The property was used for maritime activities and cotton production. 
The Danish claimed Saint John on March 25, 1718. The Danish established large plantations worked by slaves brought from Africa.
The present Reef Bay Estate was formed in the mid-19th century from two neighboring plantations near Reef Bay.
Par Force Estate.
Par Force Estate was located on the east side of Reef Bay Valley and early documents indicate that the land was in use at the time of the 1733 slave insurrection on St. John with Anthony Zytstems the original owner. A 1780 maps shows Zystems continuing to own the land and a sugar factory and animal mill on the property.
Reef Bay.
An unnamed parcel of land located on the north east end of Reef Bay was identified on a 1780 map as being owned by C. Wyle and as a cattle and cotton plantation.
Sugar factory.
The first sugar plantation on the land was started in 1725 on the Par Force Estate. Oxholm's 1800 map shows a sugar plantation with an animal mill on Par Force land.
After Reef Bay Estate was formed by joining the neighboring properties, a new sugar factory was built. The factory was used for processing sugarcane into sugar and distilling rum. The factory buildings include a boiling room, an animal powered mill, and a still with a cooling cistern for distilling rum. 
O.I. Burguest and Company purchased the property in 1855. With W. H. March managing the estate, the sugar factory was modernized and converted to steam in the 1862. An "engine room" measuring approximately 25 feet by 27 feet was added to house the cast iron steam engine and sugar cane crushing machinery. In 1864 March purchased the property at auction and he continued to operate a sugar factory on the land until 1908. Bay Oil was produced at the factory during the St. John bay oil boom in the early 20th century.
Virgin Islands National Park.
In the 1960s the sugar factory ruins were restored by Virgin Island National Park and the ruins are one of the best surviving examples of a West Indies sugar operation.

</doc>
<doc id="18545920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18545920" title="Crowders Mountain Township, Gaston County, North Carolina">
Crowders Mountain Township, Gaston County, North Carolina

Crowders Mountain Township is a township in southwestern Gaston County, North Carolina, United States. As of the 2010 census, it had a population of 15,821.
The township contains the city of Bessemer City, as well as a western portion of the city of Gastonia and an eastern portion of the city of Kings Mountain. The township takes its name from Crowder's Mountain, a ridge in the western part of the township and home to Crowders Mountain State Park.

</doc>
<doc id="18545928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18545928" title="Gastonia Township, Gaston County, North Carolina">
Gastonia Township, Gaston County, North Carolina

Gastonia Township is a township in south-central Gaston County, North Carolina, United States, bordering South Carolina.
Demography and localities.
According to the 2010 Census, 85,249 people lived in the township, the most populated in the county:

</doc>
<doc id="18545935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18545935" title="South Point Township, Gaston County, North Carolina">
South Point Township, Gaston County, North Carolina

South Point Township is a township in southeastern Gaston County, North Carolina, United States. It is represented on the Gaston County Board of Commissioners by Mickey Price of Belmont, who serves as Board Chairman. As of the 2010 census it had a population of 40,484.
Incorporated communities in South Point Township are Belmont, Cramerton, McAdenville, Lowell, southern Mount Holly, and southeastern Gastonia. The township also includes the unincorporated area of Brown Town.
Fire protection in unincorporated areas of the township is provided by Community Volunteer Fire Department (Station 32) in the north, Union Road VFD (Station 51) in the southwest, New Hope VFD (Station 50) in the south-central, and South Point VFD (Station 42) in the southeast.
Most of South Point Township is in the South Point High School attendance district. Students in western parts of the township go to Forestview High School, northwestern parts to Ashbrook High School, and far northern parts to East Gaston High School.
Attractions in southern unincorporated South Point Township include the Daniel Stowe Botanical Garden and Carolina Speedway.

</doc>
<doc id="18545941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18545941" title="Bi-State Optical Network">
Bi-State Optical Network

The Bi-State Optical Network (BiSON) is a collaboration of research and educational institutions in Colorado and Wyoming that utilize fiber optic links for high-speed optical networking. BiSON members provide redundant access to regional and Wide Area Network (WAN) services.
BiSON utilizes optical Wave division multiplexing (WDM) equipment to deliver multiple lambdas to each member institution. Each lambda provides a capability for multiple Gigabit Ethernet links, which are used for transport to member institutions and WAN services provided by the Front Range GigaPoP (FRGP). BiSON uses a ring configuration design to provide redundancy in the event of a fiber cut or equipment failure. 

</doc>
<doc id="18545942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18545942" title="Marcel Martel">
Marcel Martel

Marcel Martel is the Avie Bennett Historica Chair in Canadian history at York University. A student of Ramsay Cook, he has published extensively on topics ranging from French Canadian nationalism to federal drug policy. His book "Le deuil d'un pays imaginé"[http://www.glendon.yorku.ca/english/faculty/researchcentres/api/martel.html] earned him the Michel Brunet Award from the Institut d’histoire de l’Amérique française in 1997.
[http://www.yorku.ca/uhistory/faculty/cv/martel.htm]

</doc>
<doc id="18545943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18545943" title="Woodland Sketches">
Woodland Sketches

Woodland Sketches is a ballet made by Robert La Fosse to Edward MacDowell's eponymous music from 1896 for New York City Ballet's American Music Festival. The premiere took place on Thursday, May 5th, 1988, at New York State Theater, Lincoln Center.

</doc>
<doc id="18545964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18545964" title="Lion's Cup">
Lion's Cup

The Lion's Cup (named the "Emeron Cup" in its first two years) was a WTA Tour tennis tournament held from 1978 until 1985, in Tokyo, Japan. The event was held on indoor hard courts in 1978 and 1979 before moving to indoor carpet courts. Only a singles event was contested.

</doc>
<doc id="18545984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18545984" title="Musical Arts Youth Orchestra">
Musical Arts Youth Orchestra

The Musical Arts Youth Orchestra (MAYO) is a regional youth music organization offering programs in orchestra, chamber music and jazz to young musicians in ten-plus counties of south-central Indiana. The organization is based in the city of Bloomington, Indiana.
MAYO is a project of the Southern Indiana Youth Symphony, Inc., which was founded in 2000 by Kristen Bellisario. The founding music director of the group was James Johnston, then serving as assistant conductor of the Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra. Johnston was followed by Carl Kling, currently director of bands at Northwest Missouri State University, and by Kelly Corcoran, currently assistant conductor of the Nashville (TN) Symphony.
The MAYO project began in the 2003-2004 season, with Darko Butorac as music director. (Mr. Butorac went on to become director of orchestras at Northern Arizona State University and is now also music director of the Missoula (MT) Symphony.) Thomas Loewenheim Thomas Loewenheim served as the MAYO music director for seasons 2004-05 to 2006-07. He initiated the iMAYO International Youth Orchestra Festival bringing students from Hong Kong, Israel, France, and Germany to rehearse and perform with the MAYO orchestra. With Dr. Loewenheim's departure for a professorship at Fresno State in 2007, violinist/conductor Jose Valencia stepped in as MAYO Music Director. Mr. Valencia, who is also the music director of the Kokomo (IN) Symphony and the innovative Orkestra Projekt, in Indianapolis, serves as the music director at this time.
For more information about MAYO, visit the website at www.mayomusic.org.
See also the List of youth orchestras in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18546004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18546004" title="Halifax Harbour Solutions">
Halifax Harbour Solutions

The Halifax Harbour Solutions Project is a Canadian public infrastructure project nearing completion in Nova Scotia's Halifax Regional Municipality.
The CAD $333 million project will construct three sewage treatment plants and connect various sewage pipe networks with lift stations to treat all sanitary sewage in the former cities of Halifax and Dartmouth.
History.
For two and a half centuries prior to this project, raw sewage was discharged untreated directly into Halifax Harbour. The harbour waters have been the recipient of approximately 200 million litres of untreated raw sewage every day, enough to fill 25 Olympic-size swimming pools. Shellfish harvesting from the harbour and swimming within the harbour have been prohibited for health reasons.
The historic settlements of Halifax and Dartmouth were built with no thought to sewage treatment as a means of waste disposal. Throughout the 19th century, sewers were designed as a single system, with no separation between sanitary sewers, which carried domestic human waste, and stormwater drainage systems. The combined sewers simply emptied into the harbour from dozens of outfalls at the bottom of each street that met the waterfront.
By the mid-20th century, it was clear that the system was not environmentally sustainable. Millions of litres of sewage were dumped into the harbour daily, consisting not only of simple human waste, but of pharmaceuticals, industrial chemicals, fertilizers, and a host of other harmful material.
Sewage treatment plants were proposed for both Halifax and Dartmouth beginning in the 1970s, however, the separate municipalities were never able to reach a consensus for system design and construction. That decade saw the Halifax Regional Water Commission begin to charge its customers a pollution surcharge which was intended to fund such a system. Meanwhile a host of different provincial and federal governments came and went and overall funding was never finalized. It was only following municipal amalgamation which saw the cities of Halifax and Dartmouth dissolved and merged with all municipalities in Halifax County to form the Halifax Regional Municipality in 1996 that the sewage treatment issue gained necessary traction. It was only after the creation of the Halifax Regional Municipality that the project was moved beyond the planning stage.
Current project.
Under the Harbour Solutions Project, a treatment system has been under construction since the early 2000s with three plants being built (one in downtown Halifax, one in downtown Dartmouth, and one in Herring Cove on the southwest side of the harbour) as well as extensive collector piping to close all sewage outfalls into the harbour and redirect sewage into the treatment plants. Total cost of the project is estimated to be approximately CA$333 million. 
On February 11, 2008, the treatment facility in downtown Halifax officially commenced operation. The Dartmouth plant came online on July 10, 2008 and the Herring Cove plant was expected to open in late fall 2008.
Harbour sewage is also mitigated to a lesser extent by the aforementioned existing plants at Mill Cove, in Bedford and another at Eastern Passage.
Results.
The Halifax Regional Municipality announced on July 9, 2008 that the harbour beaches, Black Rock Beach at Point Pleasant Park and the beach at Dingle Park will re-open to swimming on August 2, 2008. Fecal coliform bacteria levels at these locations are either undetectable or at safe levels for swimming. Eleven lifeguards will patrol the beaches.
The improved water quality in Halifax Harbour during the summer of 2008 is a direct result of the newly operating Halifax and Dartmouth sewage plants. The clarity of the water improved to the point where the municipal government hired commercial divers to remove debris from the floor of the harbour along the popular boardwalk in the Historic Properties; prior to this summer, the debris was seldom visible due to the opaque water as a result of the untreated sewage.
However repeated breakdowns of the system in 2008 resulted in regular beach closures again and complaints about foul odours and sewage filled basements. A massive failure of the central plant in January 2009 caused raw sewage to again be poured into the Harbour.
The breakdown had brought criticism from the federal government and the public, and city officials promised to get the plant back online by Spring 2010. On June 25, 2010, the Halifax Wastewater Treatment Plant was returned to full operation, and has been announced that Black Rock Beach and Dingle Park Beach will be safe for swimming again.
External links.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="18546005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18546005" title="Ticinepomis">
Ticinepomis

Ticinepomis is an extinct genus of coelacanth lobe-finned fish which lived during the Triassic period. It belonged to the family of Coelacanthidae.

</doc>
<doc id="18546008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18546008" title="Aboutaleb Talebi">
Aboutaleb Talebi

Aboutaleb Talebi Gorgori (, April 10, 1945 in Marand – July 21, 2008 in Tehran) was an Iranian wrestler who competed in Freestyle at the 1968 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18546009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18546009" title="Ungmennafélag Njarðvíkur">
Ungmennafélag Njarðvíkur

Knattspyrnudeild ungmennafélags Njarðvíkur is an Icelandic sports club from Njarðvík, Reykjanesbær, on the south-west peninsula of Iceland. It is mostly known for its basketball team. Njarðvík adopted their green strip after two of their directors watched a basketball game with Boston Celtics in the USA. They liked the green colour so much that they decided that Njarðvík should wear green from now on.

</doc>
<doc id="18546034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18546034" title="Harry Statham">
Harry Statham

Harry Statham (born May 29, 1937) is an American basketball coach. He is a member of the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics (NAIA) Basketball Hall of Fame. His 1,068 wins during his 47 seasons at McKendree University of Lebanon, Illinois, are unmatched by any other men's basketball coach at a four-year college or university in the United States (albeit he has only coached at the NAIA level). Only two other coaches at a four-year school with 1,000 or more wins are Pat Summitt, former coach of the Tennessee Lady Vols and Danny Miles, coach of the Oregon Institute of Technology. In the junior college (two-year) ranks, Gene Bess of Three Rivers Community College had 1,169 wins entering the 2013-14 season.
On March 7, 2012, Statham was named as one of the coaches on the NAIA 75th Anniversary All-Star Team.
Early years.
Statham was born on May 29, 1937 in Brookport, Illinois. His father, Harry Statham Sr., died of pneumonia and was buried on the day Statham was born. Statham was raised by his mother and his grandfather, Rufus Dye, who encouraged his grandson to get an education and to not smoke or drink.
Statham said of his mom, " wanted me to get a college degree. I was raised so that reputation is so important, the family name, strength, honesty, trustworthiness, respectfulness, ambition."
Statham graduated with a bachelor's degree from McKendree College in 1960. He then enrolled at the University of Illinois, where he served as a graduate assistant for the men's basketball and track teams. He earned a master of science degree in physical education from Illinois.
Family life.
Statham is married to Rose Statham; they have no children, and live in Belleville, Illinois.
Coaching career.
Junior high.
Statham began his coaching career while an undergraduate student at McKendree. He guided the boy’s basketball team at O'Fallon Junior High School in Illinois while taking college courses at night.
High school.
From O'Fallon, Statham moved on to coach the varsity boys basketball team for two seasons at Manito Forman High School (Manito, Illinois). His 1961-62 squad had a 9–16 record and his 1962-63 squad finished 10–13. Statham then moved on to Dwight Township High School (Dwight, Illinois) where he coached for three seasons from 1963 to 1966, posting a cumulative win-loss record of 24–45.
McKendree University.
In his tenure at McKendree, a member of the American Midwest Conference (AMC), Statham has led the Bearcats to post-season play 40 times in 46 seasons. Statham has coached McKendree to all 15 of its NAIA national men's basketball championship tournament berths, including five straight appearances from 1999-2004. Since his first season in 1966-67, Statham’s teams have averaged nearly 23 wins per season. His teams have won 20 or more games 35 times. McKendree also ranks among the NAIA’s top programs in terms of winning percentage over the past decade.
Statham has had 70 players receive post-season accolades. Ten of those players have earned NAIA All-America honors. Eric Hobbie, the most recent All-American, garnered first-team NAIA Division I All-America honors in 2009-10 after earning second-team recognition in 2008-09. Additionally, Statham has coached three players who were drafted in the professional ranks: Paul Funkhouser, a supplemental pick of the NBA's Chicago Bulls and the Carolina Cougars of the American Basketball Association; Dale Haverman, a fifth-round pick of the Seattle SuperSonics in 1977; and Matt Laur, a fourth round pick of the National Basketball Development League (D-League) draft by the Columbus Riverdragons. Many McKendree athletes who Statham has coached have gone on to successful coaching careers on both the high school and collegiate levels.
About his players, Statham said, "I always recruit the right kinds of players. We do not want thugs that play good basketball. We want them to be good, solid people. We don't want people that are going to flunk out. We want good people, good students and good basketball players—in that order."
Regarding his coaching philosophy, Statham said, "We do things consistently well. Our program is sound. We're very team-oriented, and we've tried to sell that from the very beginning. When you play hard and play together and do things fundamentally sound, you're going to be competitive. Our primary focus is to play hard, play well and try to do it as a team." Statham's on-court demeanor does not include yelling and ref-baiting Said Statham, "I don't like the color commentators (saying) how you gotta work the referee and draw a T. We're trying to play the right way. They're out there saying you've got to bend the rules, step out there a little bit. They turn me off, I really don't enjoy that."
In addition to his coaching duties, from 1966 to May, 2010, Statham served as the university's athletic director, and he is an assistant professor of health and human performance.
1987-88 team.
This Bearcat squad opened the season with 22 straight victories en route to a school-record 35 wins and the University's first-ever NAIA Tournament berth. In the first round of the tournament, McKendree and its opponent Huron College (S.D.), scored a record 231 points, as the Bearcats triumphed 124–107. The combined point total set an NAIA Tournament record that stood until 2006.
1996-97 team.
Statham led this team to a quarterfinal spot in the NAIA Tournament. The Bearcats defeated two higher-ranked opponents to reach the NAIA Elite Eight, the team's best-ever finish at the national tournament until the success of the 2002-03 team.
2002-03 team.
McKendree compiled a 34–4 overall record. A 10–0 mark in the AMC marked the first time that the Bearcats went undefeated in the league. At the 2003 NAIA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament, McKendree posted three victories to advance to the NAIA Final Four. The Bearcats lost to eventual national champions Concordia University (California) in the semifinals. During the season, the Bearcats earned their first No. 1 ranking in the NAIA poll and entered the NAIA national tournament as the No. 2 seed, the highest seed ever for McKendree. The Bearcats also notched three winning streaks of at least 10 games during the season. Matt Laur was recognized as NAIA Player of the Year, the first McKendree athlete to earn the award in Division I. Laur also became the Bearcats’ all-time leading scorer in 2002-03.
2006-07 team.
McKendree used a late season surge and runner-up finish in the American Midwest Conference Tournament to earn its first NAIA Division I National Championship bid in three years. Statham guided the Bearcats to an overall record of 23–12 and an 8–4 mark in AMC regular-season play. In the 2007 NAIA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament, the Bearcats topped Mountain State (West Virginia) in the first round and lost and were eliminated in the second round by Faulkner University (Alabama).
2007-08 team.
Statham entered the 2007-08 season with 938 coaching victories and as the all-time wins leader in men’s college basketball history at the four-year level. He, Don Meyer, and Bob Knight are the only men’s basketball coaches at senior colleges or universities with 900 coaching wins.
This team finished the season with a 27–7 record. In the 2008 NAIA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament, the Bearcats beat Texas Wesleyan University in the first round and were eliminated in the second round by Campbellsville University.
2008-09 team.
At the end of the 2009 season Statham has won 995 games at McKendree, the most by any men's four-year college coach. The Bearcats won the AMC with a perfect 14-0 record in conference play. The 2008-2009 Bearcats finished 30-6 on the season and made it to the Elite 8 in the 2009 NAIA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament. They defeated Northwestern Oklahoma State University by a score of 83-58 in the first round, and defeated Texas Wesleyan University by a score of 87-75 in the second round. Then the Bearcats lost to MidAmerica Nazarene University in the Elite 8, by a score of 59-55.
Honors.
Statham has been named the NAIA-Illinois Basketball Coaches Association (IBCA) Men’s Basketball Coach of the Year twelve times and in 1987 he was inducted into the IBCA-NAIA Hall of Fame. In 1998, Statham’s career accomplishments and achievements were recognized with his induction into the NAIA Hall of Fame. Statham has received the American Midwest Conference Coach of the Year award eight different times, and he was a six-time recipient of the NAIA District 20 Coach of the Year. 
He was selected as the 2001-02 NAIA Men’s Basketball Coach of the Year.
In 2005, Statham was recognized at the National Association of Basketball Coaches (NABC) national convention in St. Louis with the Guardians of the Game Leadership Award, an honor bestowed by his peers. That same summer, the United States Sports Academy presented him with its Distinguished Service Award, awarded annually, "... to individuals who have made outstanding contributions to national or international sports through education, research or service."
In 2006, the Lebanon City Council honored Statham by renaming a roadway on the McKendree campus, Harry Statham Way. The University's gymnasium, the Harry M. Statham Sports Center (capacity 1500), is also named for him.

</doc>
<doc id="18546036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18546036" title="Addison B. Colvin">
Addison B. Colvin

Addison Beecher Colvin (December 15, 1858 Glens Falls, Warren County, New York - June 21, 1939 Glens Falls, Warren County, New York) was an American businessman, banker and politician.
Life.
He was the son of Hiram K. Colvin and Sara Ann Cowels Colvin. On May 16, 1883, he married Maria Louise Hees at Fonda, New York, and they had three daughters. 
He was New York State Treasurer from 1894 to 1898, elected in 1893 and 1895 on the Republican ticket. He appointed his brother-in-law Deputy Treasurer.
He was President of the Glens Falls Gaslight Company, Vice President of the Herkimer, Mohawk, Ilion and Frankfort Railway, and owner of the "Glens Falls Daily Times" and the "Glens Falls Weekly Messenger". 
He was buried at Pineview Cemetery in Glens Falls.

</doc>
<doc id="18546053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18546053" title="MidSouth Rugby Football Union">
MidSouth Rugby Football Union

The Mid South Rugby Union is the Local Area Union (LAU) for rugby union teams in Tennessee and portions of Arkansas under the True South Geographical Union of USA Rugby. 

</doc>
<doc id="18546063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18546063" title="Mykhaylo Forkash">
Mykhaylo Forkash

Mykhaylo Mykhaylovych Forkash (, ; 6 July 1948 – 30 September 2011) was a Ukrainian and Soviet football player.
International career.
Forkash played his only game for USSR on 6 July 1972 in a friendly against Portugal.

</doc>
<doc id="18546070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18546070" title="Root &amp; Cady">
Root &amp; Cady

Root & Cady was a Chicago-based music publishing firm, founded in 1858. It became the most successful music publisher of the American Civil War and published many of the most popular songs during that war. The firm's founders were Ebenezer Towner Root (1822–1896) and Chauncey Marvin Cady.
The company's most notable publishing ventures include "The Silver Lute", which was the first music book printed in Chicago and was eventually used in the city's public school system.
Root & Cady dominated Chicago's music publishing industry until the Great Chicago Fire of 1871, which destroyed $125,000 of the firm's inventory, leading to its bankruptcy within a year. In 1875, the former members of Root & Cady formed a new firm: The Root & Sons Music Company. The members were (i) George F. Root (1820–1995), (ii) Frederick Woodman Root (1846–1918), George's son, (iii) Ebenezer Towner Root (1822–1896) — George's brother — (iv) William Lewis (1837–), (v) William A. Root — George's brother — and (vi) Charles C. Curtiss (1847–1928), who served as manager.

</doc>
<doc id="18546083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18546083" title="Scouting in Greater London">
Scouting in Greater London

Scouting in the region of Greater London is largely represented by The Scout Association of the United Kingdom and some Groups of traditional Scouting including the Baden-Powell Scouts' Association.
The Scout Association has recently defined Greater London as a Scout Region with a Regional Commissioner, Dean Jefferys.
There is a single member of the national Student Scout and Guide Organisation (SSAGO) covering all the universities in Greater London.
History of Scouting in London.
For the history of Scouting in London see Scouting, The Scout Association and the British Boy Scouts.
The first Commissioner for London of Baden-Powell Boy Scouts was Sir Francis Vane. Vane later became the second President of the British Boy Scouts which had begun in Battersea, London.
In 1909, the London Diocesan Boy Scout Corp, was formed by the Church of England.
One of the oldest Scout Groups in London is the 1st City of London Scout Group, which is still notable as the only Scout Group in the traditional City of London.
The 1st World Scout Jamboree was held at Olympia, London in the summer of 1920. Here Baden-Powell was designated as Chief Scout of the World.
The service performed by Scouts during war and particularly during air raids and the Blitz on London in World War II is recognised by their presence every year on Remembrance Day at the Cenotaph in London.
A small museum of the story of Robert Baden-Powell is housed at Baden-Powell House in London.
London Scouts celebrated the centenary of Scouting on 1 Aug 2007 in many ways, including the New Year's Day Parade in which many Explorer Scouts were led by the Enfield District Scout Band, LIVE 07, Festival of Scouting, and a Sunrise Ceremony at the London Eye. The first UK international camp of the new Scouting century was Campdowne 2008 in July 2008, where nearly 2000 participants from the UK and 23 other countries camped at Downe Scout Activity Centre.
John May from London become the first UK Scout elected to the World Scout Committee since 1994 at the 38th World Scout Conference in Korea on 16 July 2008.
The Scout Association Counties.
The Scout Association in Greater London is administered through 6 Scout Counties.
Greater London Middlesex West Scout County.
Greater London Middlesex West Scout County is a Scout County of the Scout Association in the United Kingdom, covering an area stretching from the City of Westminster in the east to Stanmore in the north, Feltham in the south and Uxbridge in the west. It serves the London Boroughs of Brent, Ealing, Harrow, Hammersmith and Fulham, Hillingdon, Hounslow, Kensington and Chelsea, and City of Westminster.
The County has 145 Scout Groups serving over 6,500 young people with 1,600 adult volunteers. It is divided into a number of districts, some of which are based approximately but not exactly around present London Borough boundaries:
The name of this district is taken from the River Thames and the Grand Union Canal, both of which flow through the area. This name was chosen rather than Hounslow district, because the Acton area falls partly in the London Borough of Ealing, although most of the district is within the London Borough of Hounslow local authority
Greater London North Scout County.
Greater London North Scout County is a Scout County of the Scout Association in the United Kingdom, covering an area stretching from central London directly north out to the M25. It covers the London Boroughs of Barnet, Camden, City of London, Enfield, Haringey and Islington 
The 2006 Scout census showed that the county has 5029 members.
The County is divided into six districts, with over 5,000 Scouts in a combined total of 106 Scout groups.
Enfield District Scout Band.
Enfield Scout District runs a traditional marching band which is open to members of the local Scout and Guide organisations.
The band was formed in 1976, and is a corps of bugles and drums. The band is a member of the Traditional Youth Marching Band Association, and competes regularly in competitions run by the Association across the UK.
Since its formation, the band has continued to lead the District as it marches through Enfield Town for the Remembrance Day and St George's Day parades which are a traditional part of the Scouting calendar.
The band is also available to play at fetes, carnivals and other parades. In recent years the band took part in the 2002, 2007, and 2008 Lord Mayor's Shows, a Royal Visit to Enfield by Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II and the Duke of Edinburgh in 2003.
In 2007's Centenary of Scouting, the band took part in the London New Year's Day Parade, and played at the 21st World Scout Jamboree. In November the band formed part of the Promise Centenary Scout Band at the Lord Mayor's Show, and also played at the Scouting's Live '07 show at the The O2 in Greenwich, London.
Greater London North East Scout County.
Greater London North East Scout County is a Scout County of the Scout Association in the United Kingdom, to the northeast of London and covers the London boroughs of Barking and Dagenham, Hackney, Havering, Newham, Redbridge, Tower Hamlets and Waltham Forest.
The County currently has over 7,000 members in 139 Scout Groups, supported by a County Leadership Group, consisting of the County Commissioner, the four Deputy County Commissioners, the County Chairman and a Young Person Representative. This Group meets every two months to review the growth and development of Scouting in Greater London North East.
The County is divided into eleven districts:
Greater London South Scout County.
Greater London South Scout County is a Scout County of the Scout Association in the United Kingdom, covering the London Boroughs of Wandsworth, Lambeth, Southwark, Lewisham and Greenwich, an area stretching from the South Bank in the north to Thamesmead in the east, Putney in the west, to Crystal Palace in the south.
The County currently has over 6,000 members + 1,200 Scouters in 102 Scout Groups, led by Paul O'Brien 'POB' the County Commissioner, the four Deputy County Commissioners and the County Team. The County Team is support by the County Board of Trustees.
The County is now divided into five districts based on borough lines.
Greater London South East Scout County.
Greater London South East Scout County is a Scout County of the Scout Association in the United Kingdom, covering the London Boroughs of Bexley and Bromley, an area stretching from the Orpington in the southeast to Bexleyheath in the north.
From 1 October 2011 the four heritage districts of Beckenham, Bromley, Chislehurst and Orpington were merged into a new single district, called 'Bromley Scouts' (as opposed to the old 'Bromley District Scouts'). The new district is the largest Scout district (by membership) in the UK.
The County is divided into two districts:
Greater London South West Scout County.
Greater London South West Scout County is a Scout County of the Scout Association in the United Kingdom, covering an area stretching from Sanderstead in the South East to Hampton and Whitton in the North West.
The County is divided into five districts which have the same boundaries as the five London Boroughs:
Activity Centres and Camp sites.
Three of the six Scout Association Activity Centres are in Greater London. Baden-Powell House is a hostel and conference centre in central London. Gilwell Park is a camp site and activity centre, as well as a training and conference centre for Scout Leaders. It is close to Chingford, London. The White House at Gilwell Park has been the headquarters of The Scout Association since 2001, although Baden-Powell House (the former headquarters) still facilitates some departments of the Scout Association. Downe Scout Activity Centre is in Kent, but was owned by the Greater London South East Scouts from 1987 to 2005, when the site became under the direct control of The Scout Association.
The Greater London Middlesex West Scout County (GLMW) is responsible for the PACCAR Chalfont Heights camp site 30 minutes from London at Chalfont St Peter in Buckinghamshire. Originally purchased in 1938, it was operated by Scout Headquarters until 1970 when it taken over by the Greater London Middlesex West County as its County campsite and Training Centre. The current name was adopted following major sponsorship from a charitable foundation owned by PACCAR Inc, the multi-national heavy vehicle manufacturer.
Ealing & Hanwell District in GLMW own and run the Walter Davies Activity Centre near Stoke Poges 
Danemead Scout Campsite, Scout Park, Bounds Green (Haringey District Scouts) and Frith Grange are associated with the Greater London North Scout Association County. 
The Training ship RRS "Discovery", Captain Scott's Antarctic expedition vessel, moored on the Embankment near the Temple was used by the Scouts between 1937 and 1979, when it was handed over to Maritime Trust and relocated in Dundee. The Dockland Scout Project was then created. The Project is on the Isle of Dogs, in East London, east of the financial City of London and opposite Greenwich across the River Thames.
The Greater London North East Scout Association County also owns (through its Districts) the following Scout Activity Centres: Crow Camp, Fairmead Scout Campsite (East London District), Hargreaves Scout Campsite (Ilford East District), and the Michael Mallinson Centre ( Waltham Forest South District).
Greater London South Scout Association County owns the South London Scout Centre, the closest camping centre to central London at Dulwich.
Hammerwood Scout Campsite, located in East Grinstead, is owned and operated by 6 Groups in Lewisham. It is of woodland plus a field. The forest is mostly unpartitioned - popular with Scout, Cadet and Duke of Edinburgh groups - with an unmanaged area for survival training weekends.
Lewisham Scout District is responsible for Frylands Wood Scout Campsite.
Wilberforce Scout Centre is owned by Bromley Scout District of the Greater London South East Scout Association County.
Yr Hen Neuadd ('The Old Hall'), Bethesda, Gwynedd, North Wales, originally a Salvation Army Hall, was converted in 1970 by the Greater London South West Scout Association County as an Activity Centre.
The Bears Wood Training Centre and Pinewood Campsites are the responsibility of the Croydon District
Polyapes Campsite lies just outside the county boundaries but is managed jointly between Royal Kingston and Esher Districts.It has been in continuous use since 1929.
The City of Westminster Scout District is responsible for Coombe Farm Campsite, located in Addington.
21st World Scout Jamboree.
There were 36 Scouts from Greater London North taking part in the 21st World Scout Jamboree in August 2007. The Enfield District Scout Band played at the Closing Ceremony. 
The Greater London North East Scout County sent forty-five Scouts to the 21st World Scout Jamboree. Thirty six, plus four leaders, acted as a whole contingent while the remaining nine were part of another contingent with Guides from Cambridge and a Scout troop from Montserrat.
Two contingents from the Greater London South East Scout County attended.
Greater London South West (GLSW) had two full contingents (of 36 Scouts plus 4 leaders each) named Victory Unit and Nelson Unit. GLSW Additionally provided a patrol (9 Scouts) and the overall unit leader in the most diverse unit at the jamboree, consisting of 25% GLSW Scouts, 25% Scouts from Fife in Scotland, 25% Guides from Somerset and 25% Scouts from Mauritania in North Africa. This unit was named The Discovery Unit. Two of the unit were present at the Sunrise Ceremony on Brownsea Island to welcome the 2nd century of Scouting at the movement's birthplace.
Sutton District's and Kingston District's Scout Bands (both part of GLSW) played at the closing ceremony.

</doc>
<doc id="18546085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18546085" title="Mildred Hall School">
Mildred Hall School

Mildred Hall School is an elementary/middle school in Yellowknife, Northwest Territories, Canada, operated by Yellowknife Education District No. 1. The school first opened in September 1965 as Yellowknife Elementary School; it was renamed Mildred Hall School in 1974 in honour of the town's earliest educator. Mildred Hall offers Aboriginal language and culture-based education.

</doc>
<doc id="18546093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18546093" title="RaDene R. Hatfield">
RaDene R. Hatfield

RaDene Rawson Hatfield (born July 26, 1962) is the daughter of former Utah State Legislator and last Democrat Majority Leader in Utah's House of Representatives, Roger Rawson. She has been married for 25 years to Republican Harlan M. Hatfield, who is Vice-President and Corporate Counsel for Headwaters Incorporated. She currently resides in Provo, Utah, where she is running to represent Utah Senate District 16 as a Democrat.
Early years.
Hatfield was born and raised on a dairy farm in Hooper, Utah, that was settled by her ancestors under the direction of Brigham Young over 100 years ago. She is an active, lifelong member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.
Some of Hatfield's earliest memories were campaigning for her father in his district that stretched from Hooper east into Ogden. In the summer she along with her siblings would dress up in red, white, and blue and participate and ride in parades, always campaigning – "Elect Roger Rawson to Utah’s State Legislature". As a child Hatfield was impressed how her father, the son of poor dairy farmers, was someone who was making a difference, making things better for teachers, workers, and families in Utah. While in office Rawson said he always wanted to be known as a statesman, not a politician.
It was with this example, with her father in mind, that Hatfield attended Utah State University and received her BA in Political Science and Business Administration in 1983. While attending USU, Hatfield served an internship in then Republican U.S. Senator Jake Garn's office in Washington, D.C. While working as an intern, Hatfield met her husband, Harlan M. Hatfield, and after a year of courtship and Hatfield finishing up her undergraduate program, they were married in the Salt Lake Temple in June 1983.
Both Harlan and RaDene decided to go on and continue their education. While Harlan worked on his Jurist Doctorate, RaDene earned a master's degree in public policy from one of the top government schools in the country at the University of Minnesota. Because she excelled in her graduate work, Hatfield was able to work as a student in the Minnesota Attorney General's office on a legislative tax committee and as a research assistant at the Humphrey Institute of Public Affairs in Minneapolis.
The graduate work prepared RaDene to go on and perform substantial public service as can be seen by her masters program colleagues going on to become city managers, directors of non-profit organizations, commissioners in state education departments, and even a US Senator. But because of her strong family values, after receiving her masters degree, Hatfield decided it was time to stay home with her children for the next few years.
Community service.
Although RaDene made the personal decision to stay at home with her children, it did not take away her drive to serve her community. Since moving to Provo with her family in 1996, Hatfield has worked with many organizations making her community a better place to live. In the past, Hatfield has worked as a member and as the President of the Timpview High School Band Parent Council, which under her direction raised $250,000 to replace 16-year-old marching band uniforms. Most recently, Hatfield serves as the Provo Council PTA President, on the board of the directors for the Provo Education Foundation and Influence International Inc., as a member of Corporate Alliance of Utah, and on the Timpanogos Storytelling Festival Committee.
Other Volunteer Service Work.
Current:
Selected Past: 
Candidate for Utah Senate District 16.
Hatfield says she is running for Utah Senate District 16 out of a feeling of dedication to serving her community. The motto she has chosen for her race is "Progress. Not Politics" and is running on three ideals or issues, Accountability, Education, and Strong Values. Hatfield was endorsed by the Salt Lake Tribune.

</doc>
<doc id="18546098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18546098" title="Texas State Highway Spur 342">
Texas State Highway Spur 342

Spur 342 is a state highway spur route located completely within the city of Galveston, Texas. Officially named Butterowe Boulevard, but mostly known by locals as 61st Street, it stretches two miles (3 km) across Galveston Island.
Route description.
Spur 342 begins at an intersection with Seawall Boulevard on the Galveston Seawall in Galveston, Galveston County, heading north-northwest on 61st Street, a six-lane divided highway. From here, FM 3005 heads west on Seawall Boulevard. Spur 342 heads through commercial resort areas with some residences. After passing more businesses, the highway crosses Offats Bayou. A short distance later, Spur 342 comes to its northern terminus at an interchange with I-45 in a commercial area.
History.
Spur 342 was designated onto its current alignment in 1961. It has remained there since.

</doc>
<doc id="18546107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18546107" title="Night Must Fall (1937 film)">
Night Must Fall (1937 film)

Night Must Fall is a 1937 film adaptation of the Emlyn Williams play of the same name. It was directed by Richard Thorpe and adapted by John Van Druten. It stars Robert Montgomery, Rosalind Russell, and Dame May Whitty. Whitty reprised her role in the stage drama in London and New York. 
It was remade in 1964 with the same title, starring Albert Finney, albeit with less success.
Plot.
Mrs. Bramson (Dame May Whitty) is a surly, elderly woman holding court in a small English village. She pretends to need a wheelchair, and impulsively decides to try to fire her maid, Dora (Merle Tottenham), for allegedly stealing and breaking china. Meanwhile, the household learns that the police have searched a nearby river looking for the missing villager, Mrs. Shellbrook. Dora then introduces her Irish boyfriend, Danny (Robert Montgomery), who works for Mrs. Shellbrook. Danny, knowing that Mrs. Bramson is a hypochondriac and is faking her need for a wheelchair, is very charming toward her, saying that she reminds him of his mother. He tells Mrs. Bramson that he loves Dora and would marry her if he had a better job, and Mrs. Bramson obliges and becomes her servant.
Mrs. Bramson's niece and companion, Olivia Grayne (Rosalind Russell), is suspicious of Danny, but Mrs. Bramson dismisses her concerns. When Mrs. Bramson's attorney, Justin Laurie (Alan Marshal), arrives to give his client money money, he warns her not to keep this much cash in her possession, however she dismisses his concerns as well. Meanwhile, Justin, who is in love with Olivia, asks her to marry him, but she refuses because their relationship lacks any true romance. Justin leaves feeling dejected, and Danny sees Mrs. Bramson putting the cash into her safe. Olivia's concerns are heightened when she catches Danny lying to Mrs. Bramson about a scarf that allegedly belonged to his mother. She notices the price tag still on the scarf, but she cannot help her attraction to him. 
Soon Dora discovers Mrs. Shellbrook's decapitated body in the forest. Though Olivia accuses Danny of the murder, he denies it. Again, Mrs. Bramson dismisses her niece's concerns because she has grown very found of Danny. The rest of the family does not feel comfortable being in the house while Danny is there, however Mrs. Bramson feels safe enough to stay with Danny. Later that night, Mrs. Bramson hears noises and becomes frightened. When she screams for Danny, he comes in and calms her down by giving her something to drink and lulling her to sleep. Danny then suffocates her to death and robs the safe.
Suddenly, Olivia appears and admits to Danny that she was attracted to him in the past, but no longer. He references his poor childhood and being looked down upon being a servant, and threatens to kill her, too, so that no one can incriminate him in Mrs. Bramson's murder. Olivia said she understands if he kills her, but she wanted him to know that she wanted nothing to do with him. But just then the police, who were called by Justin when he could not reach Olivia by phone, arrive and arrest Danny. As he leaves, Danny says "I'll hang in the end, but they'll get their money's worth worth at the trial." Finally, Justin and Olivia embrace.
Reception.
"Night Must Fall" was a critical but not financial success. "The New York Daily News" said the film "lifts the MGM actor out of the lower brackets, where he has slipped because of shoddy material, into an eminent position among the top-notchers of Hollywood players." The newspaper "Variety" proclaimed that "the appearance of Montgomery in a part which is the antithesis of his pattern may be art, but it's not box office." Louis B. Mayer personally supervised the making of a trailer which preceded the film, warning filmgoers of its "experimental nature."
Awards.
Montgomery was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor and Whitty for Best Supporting Actress.
The film was named the Best Picture of the year by the National Board of Review.

</doc>
<doc id="18546132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18546132" title="Polyosteorhynchus">
Polyosteorhynchus

Polyosteorhynchus is an extinct genus of coelacanth lobe-finned fish which lived during the Carboniferous period (Serpukhovian stage, about 318 - 326 million years ago). The size of "Polyosteorhynchus" was about 3,5 – 19 cm long.

</doc>
<doc id="18546145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18546145" title="École St. Joseph School">
École St. Joseph School

École St. Joseph School is an elementary/middle school in Yellowknife, Northwest Territories, Canada, operated by the Yellowknife Catholic School Board. The school was opened in September 1978 and is named in honour of the Sisters of St. Joseph.
In addition to English, St. Joseph's offers the French immersion program for all students.

</doc>
<doc id="18546159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18546159" title="Tom Poor">
Tom Poor

Tom Woodson Poor (December 15, 1902 – December 20, 1965) was an American track and field athlete who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Bismarck, Missouri and died in Grove, Oklahoma.
He won the 1923 NCAA Championship in the high jump with a jump of 6 feet, 1 inch, while competing for University of Kansas.
In 1924 he finished fourth in the high jump competition.

</doc>
<doc id="18546167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18546167" title="Francisco J. Santamaría">
Francisco J. Santamaría

Francisco Javier Santamaría (*Cacaos in Jalapa Municipality, Tabasco, September 10, 1886 — †Veracruz, Veracruz, March 1, 1963) was an influential Mexican writer and politician who is best remembered for his contributions to the study of Mexican literature and lexicography; he variously worked or published as a bibliographer, essayist, geographer, journalist, judge, lawyer, lexicographer, linguist, naturalist, pedagogue, philologist, and poet. He also served as a Senator of the Republic and as Governor of the State of Tabasco.
Life and work.
Francisco Javier Santamaría was born in 1886 in the "ranchería" of Cacaos, to a "criollo" family of modest means. He began his schooling in Macuspana and completed his studies in Villahermosa (then called San Juan Bautista) at the Instituto Juárez, where he graduated with a teaching degree. He subsequently moved to Mexico City to study law, obtaining his license in 1912.
Beginning at a young age Santamaría demonstrated a talent for composition and an appreciation for the belles-lettres which would eventually evolve into a prolific career as a writer, lexicographer and linguist; his two most often cited works are the "Diccionario General de Americanismos" and the "Diccionario de Mejicanismos", the second of which is a continuation and completion of Joaquín García Icazbalceta's original project.
At the start of his political career Santamaría was an outspoken critic of Plutarco Elías Calles and the Partido Labortista over which he presided. He was also a close friend and political associate of General Francisco R. Serrano (an inveterate enemy of Calles's), and supported the latter's presidential campaign for the 1925-1928 term, an enterprise which would ultimately end in the murderous defeat of Serrano and his closest associates. Santamaría would be the only one on Elías Calles's hit list to not fall the night of October 2, 1927, an event known as the "Huitzilac Massacre," which resulted in the summary executions of Serrano and twenty six other generals, and which President Álvaro Obregón ordered out of fear of military rebellion. His escape and survival would, however, result in years of exile and poverty in the U.S., an account of which he gives in "Crónicas del destierro: Desde la ciudad de hierro" (Chronicles of Exile: From the Iron City).
After returning to Mexico Santamaría re-entered politics by joining the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI); eventually going on to serve as a Senator of the Republic for Tabasco from 1940 to 1946. Immediately after the conclusion of his term he was selected by the party as its candidate for the governorship of Tabasco, competed against three opponents and won handedly, reportedly receiving 95% of the votes. As governor he worked to improve his state's educational system and general level of cultural and technological development, while continuing to write books and essays on a variety of subjects.
Francisco Javier Santamaría was a numerary member of the Academia Mexicana de la Lengua and held seat 23.

</doc>
<doc id="18546188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18546188" title="Thomas Jefferson Education Foundation">
Thomas Jefferson Education Foundation

The Thomas Jefferson Education Foundation was a diploma mill run in the 1990s and based in South Dakota.
Diploma mill.
According to John Bear, author of "Bears' Guide to Earning Degrees by Distance Learning", in 1998 the Thomas Jefferson Education Foundation ran an advertisement in "USA Today" for distance education courses. Bear responded to the ad and the foundation sent a 20-page course catalog covering the following schools: 
According to Bear, the catalog made no distinction among these schools other than listing their different names. The catalog offered degrees at all levels by "professional assessment of career achievements" and claimed accreditation from the "College for Professional Assessment", an agency Bear had yet to come across (see List of recognized accreditation associations of higher learning).
The Foundation gave the address of a Sioux Falls, South Dakota law office as the location of its campus, something over which a lawyer at that office expressed "outrage". According to Bear, this lawyer had filed the incorporation documents for Thomas Jefferson Education Foundation, as well as for other schools later determined to be diploma mills, including Monticello University (aka "Thomas Jefferson University"), a school begun by Les Snell. Monticello University was "an unauthorized foreign non-profit corporation organized under the laws of the State of South Dakota" that, along with several other of Snell's schools, was shut down by the government in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="18546193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18546193" title="Semantic mapping">
Semantic mapping

Semantic mapping can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18546198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18546198" title="Aleksandr Khapsalis">
Aleksandr Khapsalis

Aleksandr Antonovich Khapsalis () (born October 17, 1957 in Talgar) is a retired Soviet football player, of Greek descent.
International career.
Khapsalis made his debut for USSR in a UEFA Euro 1980 qualifier against Finland and scored on his debut. USSR did not qualify for the final tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="18546203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18546203" title="Stimulus (psychology)">
Stimulus (psychology)

In psychology, a stimulus is an energy pattern (such as light or sound) which is registered by the senses. In behaviorism and related stimulus–response theories, a stimulus constitutes the basis for behavior, whereas it constitutes the basis for perception in perceptual psychology.
In the second half of the 19th century, the conception had been established by psychophysics, the "scientific study of the relation between stimulus and sensation", together with the notion of the reflex arc constituting a foundational concept of scientific psychology. While at this time "whatever could be controlled by an experimenter and applied to an observer could be thought of as a stimulus." In the context of perception, a distinction is made between the "distal stimulus" (the external, perceived object) and the "proximal stimulus" (the stimulation of sensory organs).
Functions of stimuli.
Eliciting stimulus.
According to University of Iowa, eliciting stimulus is an important part of Pavlov's conditioning theory. It is defined as a change which is related to an anticipated future response. An example is stated to be having a piece of chocolate in our mouth (unconditioned stimulus) and have a later response of salivation (unconditioned response).
Eliciting stimulus is the alteration in the environment which is associated with the state of the environment. The association with the environment comes from something which is directly affecting the organism. The correlation with the stimulus and the response exists by having a response following or existing before the stimulus. Change is also one factor of eliciting stimulus. Stimulus has a consistency in predicting generic behavior that has properties called continuous agents such as: location, intensity, quality and duration. Change in one of these properties can either withdraw or stimulate the behavior.
Discriminative stimulus and the pseudo reflex.
Discriminative stimulus.
According to University of Iowa, discriminative stimulus affects the operating response because of anticipated or scheduled reinforcements which are or will be associated with the response.
Discriminative stimulus is different from eliciting stimulus. Discriminative stimulus sets the ground for a response to occur. Even if the response does not occur, it does not depend on the discriminative stimulus. Once discriminative stimulus is present, it will lead other factors to response. Discriminative stimulus applies to operant behavior.
Pseudo reflex.
Pseudo reflex is the correlation between a stimulus and a response which appears to have a relationship. It is related to each other tenuously and involves relationship with other stimulus and response.
Reinforcing stimulus.
When an occurrence of a behavior that is followed is increasingly supplemented, a reinforcing stimulus occurs. This stimulus gets into action at the same time as the eliciting or discriminative stimulus. Its contributions in leading to a response is separate from eliciting and discriminative stimulus. Negatively reinforcing stimulus leads to a pseudo reflex. Termination of a negative reinforcement leads to a positive reinforcement. In a negative reinforcement, there will a superficial correlation with the stimulus and the response which makes it difficult to trace original properties.
Emotional stimulus.
Emotional stimulus is not eliciting. Its primary effect is to make a behavior stronger. Emotional stimulus is considered as the proportionality and the strength of an operation. Emotional stimulus is relevant to drive through specific responses in emotions. Drive and emotions are separate concepts which work together to explain emotional stimulus. They work together by recognizing the change in strength (emotion) and its functional relationship to an operation (drive). Changes in emotions affect the emotional stimulus and makes it very dynamic.

</doc>
<doc id="18546211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18546211" title="HMS Melampus (1785)">
HMS Melampus (1785)

HMS "Melampus" was a Royal Navy fifth-rate frigate that served during the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars. She captured numerous prizes before the British sold her to the Dutch navy in 1815. With the Dutch she participated in a major action at Algiers, and then in a number of colonial punitive expeditions in the Dutch East Indies.
Design and construction.
The Admiralty ordered "Melampus" from James Martin Hillhouse, of Bristol on 17 April 1782 as a 38-gun fifth rate. After she had been laid down in December 1793, the Admiralty reduced her armament to 36 guns on 11 January 1783, as captains of earlier 38 gun frigates had complained that the extra guns made the upper gundeck too cramped. "Melampus" was launched on 8 June 1785, and commissioned between 3 July and 8 September 1785 for ordinary at Plymouth. She was again commissioned between May and 2 July 1790 for Channel service. She had cost £20,785 13s 0d to build, with a further £2,985 being spent in 1790 for fitting out.
Early service.
Her first captain following her May 1790 commissioning was Charles M. Pole. "Melampus" was paid off again in November 1790, but by 1793 she had been moved to Plymouth, where she was refitted between March and June for £4,726.
French Revolutionary Wars.
She recommissioned in April 1793 under the command of Isaac Coffin, and by April the following year she was under Captain Thomas Wells, serving in Sir John Borlase Warren's squadron. During this time "Melampus" participated in the Action of 23 April 1794, during which the British took three vessels, , , and . "Melampus" had five men killed and five wounded.
She came under the command of Sir Richard Strachan in September 1794 and was recommissioned in April 1795. She was part of Strachan's force that attacked and destroyed a French convoy in Cartaret Bay on 9 May 1795. The British squadron spotted a convoy of 13 vessels and immediately gave chase. Twelve of the quarry escaped and got close to the shore where a small shore battery, their own armed escorts, and a brig and a lugger offered some protection. Strachan sent in the boats from the vessels in his squadron while "Melampus" and the ships provided covering fire. The French crews abandoned their vessels at the approach of the British and eventually the shore battery also stopped firing. The cutting out party retrieved all the vessels, save a small sloop, which was hard ashore and which they burnt. "Melampus" had eight men wounded and in all the British lost one man killed and 14 wounded. They captured a gun brig and a gun lugger, each armed with three 18-pounder guns. They also captured the convoy, which consisted of: "Prosperitte" (80 tons and carrying cordage), "Montagne" (200 tons and carrying timber, lead and tin plates), "Catharine" (200 tons and carrying ship timber), "Hyrondelle" (220 tons and carrying ship timber and pitch), "Contente" (250 tons, carrying powder), "Nymphe" (120 tons carrying fire wood), "Bonne-Union" (150 tons), "Fantazie" (45 tons carrying coals), "Alexandre" (397 and carrying ship timber, cordage, hemp and cannon), and "Petit Neptune" (113 tons and carrying ship timber). "Hyrondelle" and "Fantazie" are later named as "Crachefeu" and "Eclair".
On 3 July that year "Melampus" and intercepted a convoy of 13 vessels off St Malo. "Melampus" captured an armed brig and "Hebe" captured six merchant vessels. The brig of war was armed with four 24-pounders and had a crew of 60 men. Later she was identified as the 4-gun "Vésuve". The convoy had been on its way from Île-de-Bréhat to Brest. , and the cutter shared in the prize and head money.
"Melampus" came under the command of Captain Graham Moore in August 1796. On 13 November she and "Minerva" drove a French navy corvette ashore near Barfleur. However the British were not able to get close enough to assure her destruction. Then "Melampus" and captured another corvette, the "Etna". "Etna" was armed with eighteen 12-pounder guns and had a crew of 137 men under the command of Citizen Joseph La Coudrais. The prisoners stated that both corvettes were carrying military and naval stores and that the corvette that had run ashore was the "Etonnant", of eighteen 18-pounder guns. Both were new ships on their first cruise. The Royal Navy took "Etna" into service as the 20-gun post ship HMS "Cormorant".
"Melampus" was also active in operations against French privateers. On 5 October 1797 she captured the French privateer lugger "Rayon" off the Casquets after a chase of four hours. "Rayon" was armed with six carriage guns and eight coehorns, and had a crew of 54 men under the command of Jean Baptiste Leonard Gosselin. She had sailed from Cherburg ten hours earlier intending to cruise between the Lizard and Cape Clear for six weeks.
"Melampus" was in company with when they captured the "Belliqueux", off the Irish coast on 16 January 1798. She was originally a corvette, but was now a privateer. "Belliqueux" was pierced for 20 cannon but was armed with fourteen 8-pounder guns and four carronades, and had a crew of 120 men. She was out of St. Malo, and on 11 January had captured His Majesty's packet "Prince Ernest", which had been sailing from Tortola. The captain of the packet and all but four of her crew were on board "Belliqueux".
A few days later, on 23 January, "Melampus" captured the "Volage", after a short, intense engagement. She was a corvette that the French navy had lent to merchants. She was armed with twenty 9-pounder guns and two 18-pounders, and had a crew of 195 men under the command of Citizen Delageneaux, a "capitaine de frégate". In the engagement "Melampus" had two men mortally wounded and three men dangerously wounded; "Volage" had four men killed and eight wounded. "Volage" was three weeks out of Nantes, provisioned for a three-month cruise. By the time of her capture, "Vollage" had herself only captured an American ship and destroyed an English brig sailing from Belfast to Lisbon with coal. The Captain and all the officers on "Volage" were officers in the French navy, but on a three-month leave.
"Melampus" was present at the Battle of Tory Island in October that year, fighting in the main action and then subsequently capturing the in a night action two days later. Together with she captured the 40-gun frigate which the Royal Navy took into service. 
In mid-March 1799 "Melampus" captured the French privateer "Mercure", which the Admiralty took into service as . "Mercure" was armed with 16 guns and had a crew of 103 men. She was from Saint Malo and was returning to her home port after having had a successful cruise in the Channel.
On 14 April "Melampus" pursued another French privateer for 25 hours before she was able to capture her quarry. The privateer was the brig "Papillon", which was armed with ten 9-pounder guns and four 36-pounder obusiers and had a crew of 123 men.
On 18 April "Melampus" was in pursuit of a privateer when the privateer capsized and sank before "Melampus" could reach her. The captain of "Papillon" stated that the privateer was the "Nantois", of fourteen 6 and 12-pounder guns, and a crew of 150 men. Furthermore, she had on board the master and part of the crew of the brig "Echo", which she had captured earlier. 
"Melampus" was then assigned to the Caribbean, sailing for Jamaica in March 1800. At some point after 20 May, "Melampus" and captured the French letter of marque "Volant", of 140 tons, armed with eight guns, and having a crew of 49 men. She was sailing from Vera Cruz to the Havannah. On 1 October "Melampus", "Juno", and "Retribution" were in company when they captured the "Aquila". Thereafter she came under the command of Captain Thomas Gosselin in November 1801 before being paid off in June 1802.
Napoleonic Wars.
"Melampus" returned to England, and underwent a large repair at Deptford between August 1803 and October 1804. She was recommissioned in August 1804 under the command of Captain Stephen Poyntz, and commenced cruises off the French coast. 
On 25 June 1805 had been chasing a French frigate privateer for some twelve hours when "Melampus" and came up and cut-off the quarry, forcing her to surrender. She was the "Valiant" (or "Vaillant"), of Bordeaux. She was armed with twenty-four 18-pounder guns on her main deck and six 6-pounders, which she threw overboard while "Loire" was pursuing her. She had a crew of 240 men. She had been out for 20 days on a four-month cruise but had only captured the Halifax packet "Lord Charles Spencer".
On 13 July 1805 she captured the Spanish privateer "Hydra" at sea. "Hydra" was pierced for 30 cannons and carried twenty-two 9-pounder guns on her main deck, and six 6-pounders on her quarterdeck. She had a crew of 192 men, and she lost three men killed and several men wounded before she struck. "Melampus" captured her on the 17th day of a four-month cruise and she had not yet captured any British vessels.
"Melampus" was present, whilst serving as part of a squadron under her old commander Sir Richard Strachan, at the destruction of the 74-gun on 14 September 1806.
In September 1807 Captain Edward Hawker took over command, sailing her to North America in 1808. He then took her to the Leeward Islands in 1809. 
On 16 January 1809 "Melampus" captured the French navy brig "Colibri" off Barbuda, after her captain had the "temerity" to put up a fight as "Melampus" was sailing alongside. She was armed with fourteen 24-pounder carronades and two 8-pounder guns, had a crew of 92 men, under the command of Mons. Deslandes, "Lieutenant de vaisseau". In the engagement, "Colibri" had three men killed and 11 wounded before she struck. She was a new vessel and was sailing from Cherburg with a cargo of 570 barrels of flour and a great quantity of gunpowder intended for the relief of to San Domingo. On her way she had captured and sunk two British brigs that had been sailing from Newfoundland to Lisbon, the "Hannibal" and the "Priscilla", both of Dartmouth. The Royal Navy took her into service as .
On 14 December "Melampus" captured the French brig corvette "Bearnais" after pursuing her for 28 hours. "Bearnais" was armed with sixteen 24-pounder carronades and had a crew of 109 men (including 30 soldiers), under the command of Monsieur Montbazen, "Lieutenant de vaisseau". She fought before striking with the result that she had one man killed and some men wounded, and she wounded two men on "Melampus". "Bearnais" was a new vessel and was sailing from Bayonne to Guadeloupe with a cargo of flour and military stores, some of which she had thrown overboard during the pursuit. The Royal Navy took her into service as .
Between January and February 1810, "Melampus" was involved in the capture of Guadeloupe. In 1847 the Admiralty awarded the Naval General Service Medal with clasp "Guadaloupe" to all surviving claimants from the campaign.
"Melampus" was in company with the sloop when they captured a French corvette brig letter of marque on 28 May. The vessel was the "Fantôme", of 300 tons burthen (bm), pierced for 20 heavy carronades, and with a crew of 74 men. She had made three captures before being captured herself. The Royal Navy took her into service under her existing name.
Transfer.
"Melampus" returned to Britain, and by December 1812 was under repair at Isaac Blackburn's yards, at Turnchapel. Work was completed by March 1814, and she was again fitted for sea, between April 1814 and May 1815 at Plymouth Dockyard. She was then sold to the Dutch government in June 1815 for the sum of £35,364.
HNLMS Melampus.
On 27 August 1816 "Melampus" was the flagship of the Dutch squadron under Vice-Admiral Baron T.F. van de Capellen that joined a British fleet under the command of Admiral Lord Exmouth in the bombardment of Algiers. Her captain was Antony-Willem De-Man. In the action "Melampus" lost three men killed and 15 wounded. In 1847 the Admiralty awarded the Naval General Service Medal with claps "Algiers" to the 1328 surviving British claimants from the action.
The bombardment was an attempt by Britain to end the slavery practices of the Dey of Algiers. The Anglo-Dutch fleet bombarded ships and the harbour defences of Algiers.
By 1822 "Melampus" was in the Dutch East Indies. In that year she led a squadron of five transports and 24 local vessels carrying Dutch marines and local auxiliaries in a punitive expedition against the Iranun of Sulawesi.

</doc>
<doc id="18546218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18546218" title="St Helen's Church, Hangleton">
St Helen's Church, Hangleton

St Helen's Church, an Anglican church in the Hangleton area of Hove, is the oldest surviving building in the English city of Brighton and Hove. It is the ancient parish church of Hangleton—an isolated downland village which was abandoned by the Middle Ages and consisted of open farmland until the Interwar period, when extensive residential development took place.
History.
Hangleton existed at the time of the Domesday Book of 1086, although the church was not mentioned; its first known reference is in 1093 when William de Warenne, 2nd Earl of Surrey put it under the control of Lewes Priory. The church stood between the manor house and the cottages and houses of the village to the northeast, and was a rectangular building long and , with flint walls thick. Rebuilding began in the 12th century. The nave dates from that century, while the square tower was added in the 13th century and the church was re-roofed at that time (having originally been thatched). The 12th-century chancel was rebuilt in around 1300.
Hangleton village began to decline in the 14th century. The whole parish, which covered a much wider area than the village itself, had a population of 80 by around 1850. In 1864 it was formally united with the parish of Portslade, having already been administered by Portslade's vicar for the previous 100 years. The condition of the church building worsened, but it never became an unusable ruin and never experienced a period without services—although for a time these were as infrequent as once a year. The churchyard was still used for burials as well.
Unlike many other mediaeval churches in the Brighton and Hove area, which were heavily restored and altered in the 19th century, St Helen's was largely overlooked because of its isolation in a bleak, distant spot high on the South Downs above Hove. In 1870, George Cokayne, later a Clarenceux King of Arms, funded a minor restoration of the church. This may have saved the building from ruin, but also preserved its ancient character.
The parish was incorporated into the then Borough of Hove in 1927. The Borough started to use the expanse of open land for housing development soon afterwards. This spread northwestwards from Hove in the mid-1930s and continued until the 1950s, by which time the whole area around the church had been built up. Another partial restoration took place in 1929, followed by a more thorough rebuilding in 1949. This added a porch and a vestry, a new roof (at a cost of £2,500) and some battlements and a pyramidal roof on the tower. Work continued until 1951, at which time the parish was split from Portslade. The new Parish of Hangleton's first priest took over in 1955.
Following the 1949 alterations, St Helen's was reopened for regular use, and was granted Grade II* listed status on 24 March 1950.
Architecture.
The church is built of flint—a stone used for many churches in the Downs in Sussex. The doors, windows and quoins are faced with Caen stone, which was used frequently in Norman buildings. The flints in the south wall are laid in a herringbone (opus spicatum) pattern, a style favoured during the Saxon period; the church has been identified by some sources as one of the best surviving examples of herringboning from that era. The roof is now tiled in clay. The basic structural layout—chancel, nave of three bays and west tower—has not changed since the 13th century, although the original chancel arch was removed in the 14th century and the porch and vestry on the northern side are 20th-century additions.
There are lancet windows of various sizes in all four faces of the church. The west front has two, there is a large three-pointed window in the east face, and several tiny windows are placed at irregular intervals in the south and north walls. In particular, there is a low window into the chancel whose function has been much speculated on. One theory is that it was used by mediaeval lepers who would stand outside and listen to services through the window rather than enter the church itself. It may also have served as a type of confessional, allowing a priest to sit inside the church and the penitent to stay outside.
During the restorations of 1949, ancient wall paintings were discovered on the north wall of the church, along with some scrollwork on one of the windows. The scrollwork was found to date from the early 13th century, while the wall paintings were 14th- and 15th-century in origin. Some restoration of this work was carried out in 1969, at which time some blocked-up windows in the nave were rediscovered.
In one corner of the chancel, there is a memorial monument which has been identified as representing the Bellingham family, who lived in the area in the 16th and 17th century. Richard and Mary Bellingham, nine children and five coffins representing children who died soon after birth are depicted. Elsewhere, an early-20th-century stone pietà commemorates a local brewer and pottery collector, and a carved wooden screen and reredos in the chancel was also donated as a memorial. The pulpit, however, was taken from St Leonard's Church, Aldrington.
Burials.
Clergyman and social reformer Samuel Augustus Barnett, founder of Toynbee Hall in London, and his wife Henrietta, who conceived and helped to create Hampstead Garden Suburb, are buried in the churchyard to the north of the church. Edward Vaughan Hyde Kenealy QC, who lived in Portslade from the 1850s until 1874, was a barrister who unsuccessfully defended Sir Roger Tichborne in the Tichborne Case, a famous 19th-century trial: it was the longest in British legal history at the time, partly because of Kenealy's erratic, inappropriate behaviour. He was disbarred soon afterwards, but became Member of Parliament for Stoke-on-Trent until shortly before his death in 1880. He is buried in a grave by the south door of the church, marked by an ostentatious black marble tombstone with gold mosaic work. Inside the church there are tombstones (inlaid into the floor of the aisles) 
The church today.
St Helen's Church was listed at Grade II* on 24 March 1950. As of February 2001, it was one of 70 Grade II*-listed buildings and structures, and 1,218 listed buildings of all grades, in the city of Brighton and Hove.
See also.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Diocese_of_Chichester

</doc>
<doc id="18546229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18546229" title="N.J. Macpherson School">
N.J. Macpherson School

N.J. Macpherson School is an elementary school in Yellowknife, Northwest Territories, Canada, operated by Yellowknife Education District No. 1. The school is named after a former local educator, Norman J. MacPherson, who died in 1984.
N.J. Macpherson offers an enhanced fine arts program. N.J. has two large playgrounds, basketball courts and a large gym for child fitness. N.J. also offers an Upper and Lower school Montessori program. 
There is also a large Kindergarten classroom.

</doc>
<doc id="18546261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18546261" title="Here, Here and Here">
Here, Here and Here

Here, Here and Here is the third studio album by Meg & Dia. It was released by the Warner Bros. via Sire Records on April 21, 2009.
In contrast to the band's previous release "Something Real", "here, here and here" minimally references literature. The sole exception is the track "Hug me" (née "Hug me till you drug me"), which was inspired by "Brave New World". The eponymous closing track references a Mozart quote and narrative in which the composer points to his heart, mind and ears (here, here and here) in order to explain how he wrote his music.
Track listing.
The iTunes version has an exclusive 14th track, "What If (Remix)", remixed by Meg Frampton.
Purchasing the album through MegandDia.com includes an instant download of "Agree to Disagree (GarageBand Demo)". The first 1,000 pre-orders also came with an additional autographed booklet. The band's official site offers an exclusive CD/DVD package which includes a 30 minute featurette documenting the making of the album.
"Here, Here and Here" debuted at number one on the Billboard Heatseekers Chart and number 103 on the Top 200.
"Let's Go Away," "Brightside," and "Giant" were all alternate titles to tracks 01, "Going Away", 09 "The Last Great Star In Hollywood", and 04, "Are There Giants, Too, In The Dance?", respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="18546266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18546266" title="Night Must Fall (1964 film)">
Night Must Fall (1964 film)

Night Must Fall is a remake of the 1937 film of the same name, which was in turn based on the 1935 play by Emlyn Williams. It was directed by Karel Reisz from a script by Clive Exton and starred Albert Finney, Mona Washbourne, and Susan Hampshire, but was not as successful as the original film. The film was entered into the 14th Berlin International Film Festival.
Plot.
Danny is a Welsh hotel bellboy who commits an axe murder near the home of Mrs. Bramson, a well-to-do widow. Danny disposes of the body in a nearby lake and charms Mrs. Bramson and her maid Dora into allowing him to stay with them. At Mrs. Bramson's home, Danny plays psychological games with Mrs. Bramson while seducing her daughter Olivia. Meanwhile, alone in his room, Danny engages in strange rituals with the severed heads of his victims, which he keeps in a black hatbox. But the police have uncovered the axe and the headless corpse from the lake, and the authorities begin closing in on Danny, whose psychopathic tendencies are beginning to manifest themselves at Mrs. Bramson's home.

</doc>
<doc id="18546270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18546270" title="Jenő Gáspár">
Jenő Gáspár

Jenő Gáspár (born June 19, 1896, date of death unknown) was a Hungarian track and field athlete who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
In 1924 he finished fifth in the high jump competition.

</doc>
<doc id="18546274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18546274" title="Weledeh Catholic School">
Weledeh Catholic School

Weledeh Catholic School is an elementary/middle school in Yellowknife, Northwest Territories, Canada, operated by the Yellowknife Catholic School Board. The first Catholic School was opened in Yellowknife in 1953 and has since expanded into more modern buildings, with Weledeh School completed in 2001 as an addition to St. Patrick High School.
In addition to English, Weledeh offers a class in traditional Dene culture, including the Dogrib language.

</doc>
<doc id="18546276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18546276" title="Comité Européen de Rink-Hockey">
Comité Européen de Rink-Hockey

The Comité Européen de Rink-Hockey (CERH) is the main Rink Hockey (Roller hockey) Technical Committee responsible for the sport in Europe under the authority of European Confederation of Roller Skating (CERS) . The CERH is part of the Fédération Internationale de Roller Sports (FIRS).
Comité Européen de Rink-Hockey was originated by European Confederation of Roller Skating CERS as the Technical Committee also known as the European Rink-Hockey Committee.
<br>
Tournaments organized by CERH:
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18546283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18546283" title="Wagram (disambiguation)">
Wagram (disambiguation)

Wagram may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18546291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18546291" title="Li Wenquan">
Li Wenquan

Li Wenquan (; born 18 January 1986 in Guangxi) is a male archer from Gaotian village, Yangshuo County, Guilin City in the People's Republic of China.
2008 Summer Olympics.
At the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, Li finished his ranking round with a total of 646 points. This gave him the 46th seed for the final competition bracket in which he faced Jacek Proć in the first round. Proć won the match with 116-111 and was eventually eliminated in the third round by gold medalist Viktor Ruban.
Together with Jiang Lin and Xue Haifeng, he also took part in the team event. With his 646 score from the ranking round combined with the 632 of Jiang and the 663 of Xue the Chinese were in 12th and last position after the ranking round. However, in the first round they were too strong for the British team 214-210. They advanced to the semi final by eliminating Russia 217-209, but lost against South Korea 221-218. In the bronze medal match China was too strong for the team from Ukraine, beating them 222-219 to claim the bronze.

</doc>
<doc id="18546298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18546298" title="Michael Jackson's health and appearance">
Michael Jackson's health and appearance

Michael Jackson (August 29, 1958 – June 25, 2009) was an American musician and entertainer who spent over forty years in the public eye, first as a child star with the Jackson 5, and later as a solo artist. Starting in the mid-1980s it became clear that Jackson's appearance was changing dramatically. The shape of his face, particularly his nose, triggered widespread speculation of extensive cosmetic surgery. His skin tone also changed, becoming much lighter. Although Jackson was diagnosed with the skin disorder vitiligo, it also widely speculated that the change was due to skin bleaching.
Jackson and some of his siblings said they had been physically and psychologically abused by their father. In 2003, his father admitted to whipping them as children. The experience deeply traumatized Jackson and may have led to the onset of further health issues later in his life. Physicians speculated that he suffered from body dysmorphic disorder.
At some point during the 1990s, it appeared that Jackson had become dependent on prescription drugs, mainly painkillers and strong sedatives. The drug use was later linked to second and third degree burns he had suffered years before. As more and more difficulty emerged in his life he gradually became dependent on these drugs and his health deteriorated. He went into rehabilitation in 1993 with the help of Elizabeth Taylor and Elton John.
While preparing for a series of comeback concerts scheduled to begin in July of 2009, Jackson died of acute propofol and benzodiazepine intoxication after suffering cardiac arrest on June 25, 2009. His personal physician was convicted of involuntary manslaughter in his death and sentenced to four years in prison.
Skin color.
Jackson's skin was a medium-brown color throughout his youth, but, starting in the mid 1980s, his skin gradually grew more pale through what was widely considered to be skin bleaching and changing of his features to appear European. According to Jackson biographer J. Randy Taraborrelli, Jackson began making his nose smaller around the same time his skin became very gradually lighter and that he was using the over-the-counter skin-bleaching cream called Porcelana to achieve the lighter skin. Taraborrelli reported that Jackson's sister Latoya used Porcelana too, and that they had crates of this cream stored at their family home Hayvenhurst, "hoarding it as the most valuable beauty product ever produced." Jackson's physical changes gained widespread media coverage, and provoked criticism from the public. African American psychologists argued Jackson was "a lousy role model for black youth". Dr. Dennis Chestnut said Jackson gave "black youth a feeling that they can achieve", but also "may encourage some people to think they've got to be esoteric and idiosyncratic" to be successful. It was also presumed that Jackson bleached his skin just to boost his career. Dr. Halford Fairchild stated Jackson and other African American celebrities would try "to look more like white people in order to get in films and on television". 
According to Taraborrelli, in 1986, Jackson was diagnosed with vitiligo, which Tarraborrelli noted was sometimes considered by doctors to be a consequence of damage done by bleaching chemicals over the years. However, skin bleaching is not the only suspected cause of vitiligo which is a rare non-contagious disease. The causes are not known, but a range of genetic, auto-immune, and environmental causes are suspected. Between 1% and 2% of the worldwide population are considered to be affected. The depigmentation occurs in patches, and affects all ethnic/racial groups equally. Yet the disorder cannot be cured, but the progression of the patches can be stopped.
New York plastic surgeon Dr. Pamela Lipkin, who has never treated Jackson or reviewed his medical records, said, "when you look at the other features, the skin bleaching sort of goes along with what I think was his quest for beauty, so I have to wonder what came first? Vitiligo or lighter skin?" Noting that Jackson had even skin tone when he was younger, Lipkin's interpretation was that "probably he's trying to look Caucasian: His skin is whiter. His nose is getting thinner every six months. His lips are getting thinner. His eyebrows are getting higher. His eyes are getting wider every time. His cheekbones are getting bigger."
When producer Quincy Jones who worked closely with Jackson at the time Jackson's skin transformation began, was asked about Jackson's facial transformation he stated: "It's ridiculous, man! Chemical peels and all of it. And I don't understand it. But he obviously didn't want to be black...You see his kids?"
According to the affidavit of Sergeant Deborah Linden found by "Vanity Fair" reporter Maureen Orth in the Santa Maria courthouse complex, Jackson told his maid Blanca Francia "that he bleaches his skin because he does not like being black and he feels that blacks are not liked as much as people of other races." Orth was also informed that Jackson referred to blacks using unique names like "spabooks." 
However in 1993 Jackson told Oprah Winfrey "there, as I know of, there is no such thing as skin bleaching.  I've never seen it, I don't know what it is." It was in this interview that Jackson stated he had a skin disorder (vitiligo) and also stated that the disorder was hereditary, rather than something he caused, though he also said he used makeup to even out the uneven skin tone. "It is something I cannot help," explained Jackson. "When people make up stories that I don't want to be who I am, it hurts me. It's a problem for me. I can't control it. But what about all the millions of people who sit in the sun to become darker, to become other than what they are. Nobody says nothing about that."  Jackson had also publicly stated that he was proud to be black. Winfrey's interview of Jackson was watched by 62 million Americans. It also started a public discourse on the topic of vitiligo, a relatively unknown condition before then.
Taraborrelli also stated that Jackson was diagnosed with lupus, that the vitiligo partially lightened his skin and the lupus was in remission and both illnesses made him sensitive to sunlight, which could have caused his lupus condition to recur. Jackson's autopsy did not confirm or refute the claim that he had lupus, and with respect to vitiligo, his skin was found to have a reduced (though not absent) melanocytes, the cells active in skin pigmentation, something which may be consistent with vitiligo. 
To treat these conditions, Jackson used Solaquin, Tretinoin, and Benoquin. On June 29, 2009, multiple tubes of Benoquin and hydroquinone were found in Jackson's home. Both creams are commonly used to treat vitiligo; Dr. David Sawcer said some patients with vitiligo get to the point where it makes more sense to remove the brown bits because so much of the skin is pale. On the other hand getting depigmented skin to darken is extremely difficult. Jackson also had hydroxychloroquine injected directly into his scalp regularly. The treatments he used for his condition further lightened his skin tone, and with the application of pancake makeup to even out his skin tone, he could appear very pale. For example, Stevie Nicks recalled, in a "Rolling Stone" interview: "I remember before performed at Bill Clinton's 1993 inauguration, Michael sent somebody to find out if I had any foundation make-up he could borrow. I was using some light Chanel foundation at that time, and Michael sent back a note to say, thanks, but the foundation wasn't quite light enough for him."
Vitiligo occurs in three different patterns. Segmental Dipegmentation means only one side of the body is affected, Generalized Dipegmentation means many parts of the body are affected. Jackson's autopsy report states a "focal depigmentation of the skin," i.e. the depigmentation occurs on one or a few areas of the body. In Jackson's case, there were 5 affected areas. 
In 1996, during the Australian leg of the HIStory World Tour, Jackson married his dermatologist's nurse, Debbie Rowe. The pair first met in the mid-1980s, when Jackson was diagnosed with vitiligo. She spent many years treating his illness as well as providing emotional support, and they built a strong friendship before their marriage. The couple divorced in 1999 and remained friends thereafter.
Cosmetic procedures and diet.
Over time, Jackson's facial structure changed as well. Surgeons speculated he also had a rhinoplasty, a forehead lift, cheekbone surgery, altered his lips, and had a cleft put in his chin. Those close to the singer estimated that, by 1990, he had undergone around ten procedures. According to biographer J. Randy Taraborrelli, Jackson had his first rhinoplasty after breaking his nose during a complex dance routine in 1979. However, the surgery was not a complete success, and he complained of breathing difficulties that would affect his career. He was referred to Steven Hoefflin, who performed his second rhinoplasty in 1981. Katherine Jackson, though, has said in a recent interview that Michael intentionally got his first nosejob from Steven Hoefflin. Taraborrelli stated Jackson had a third rhinoplasty three years later and a fourth in 1986. Jackson wrote in his 1988 autobiography "Moonwalk" that, in addition to the two rhinoplasties, he also had a dimple created in his chin. From 1986 onward he was a regular client of Arnold Klein, a dermatologist who specializes in dermal filler injection, a non-surgical cosmetic procedure.
In his book, Jackson attributed the changes in the structure of his face to puberty, a strict vegetarian diet, weight loss, a change in hair style and stage lighting. Jackson denied allegations that he had altered his eyes. By 1990, the full extent of Jackson's surgery was widely debated; those close to him estimated he had undergone ten operations on his face up to this point. In June 1992, the "Daily Mirror" ran a full front-page picture, allegedly of Jackson's face, which they described as "hideously disfigured" by plastic surgery. Jackson sued the tabloid, and, in 1998, they agreed to an out-of-court settlement with Jackson. At the High Court, the paper's former editor acknowledged that after meeting Jackson in person, he believed that Jackson was neither hideously disfigured nor scarred at all. A "Daily Mirror" solicitor maintained that the publication did not tamper with the picture.
Media reports stated that Jackson's autopsy reported one scar beside each of his nostrils, one scar behind each of his ears, and two scars on his neck, "probably" from cosmetic surgery, plus cosmetic tattoos on his eyebrows, around his eyes and lips, and on his scalp (at his receding hairline).
In the unedited version of the documentary "Living With Michael Jackson", which was shown in court in 2005, Jackson said he had two procedures on his nose so that he could breathe better. When he was asked about his cheeks, Jackson answered: "These cheekbones? No. My father has the same thing. We have Indian blood."
On the last day of the trial in 2005, the media used specific angles and lighting to accentuate Jackson's nose, as well as his cheeks and his skin tone.
Health concerns.
In early 1984, Jackson was treated for scalp burns; his hair had caught fire during a shooting for a commercial.
On March 12, 1988, Jackson cancelled a show in St. Louis which was rescheduled for March 14; on March 13, Jackson performed in St. Louis although he was fighting a cold. The cold progressed to laryngitis; the show on March 14, was also cancelled.
Three shows in Tacoma, scheduled from October 31 to November 2, 1988, had to be cancelled on his physicians' advice because Jackson had the flu. Two shows in Los Angeles were cancelled due to swollen vocal cords; three shows in Los Angeles scheduled for November 20, 21 and 22 were also cancelled; these five concerts were rescheduled for January 1989.
Among other things, "laryngitis" can be caused by an infection or an excessive use of voice. Treatment also includes voice rest. Jackson had been working with vocal trainer Seth Riggs for more than three decades. Riggs has developed a method which enables the artists to "sing safely."
In June 1990, Jackson was admitted to a Santa Monica hospital with chest pains. According to Dr. Mark Zatzkis "laboratory and X-ray tests of Jackson's heart and lungs revealed no abnormalities"; the pains "were caused by bruised ribs suffered during a vigorous dance practice".
In August 1992, a concert in London, England had to be postponed due to a viral infection. Four days later, Jackson performed in Cardiff, Wales. In September 1992, a concert in Gelsenkirchen, Germany was cancelled because Jackson was taken ill with the flu. In Lausanne, Switzerland, an ambulance took Jackson back to his hotel after the show held on September 8; another show in Basel, Switzerland, scheduled for September 11, was also cancelled. In October 1992, two concerts in Turkey, Istanbul and Izmir, and another one in Athens, Greece had to be cancelled due to loss of voice caused by a cold. His private doctor attended to Jackson in Istanbul. According to organisers Jackson's "vocal cords were irritated". These concerts were supposed to be the last three shows of the tour's European leg. Jackson attended to a throat specialist in London, and was advised to seek further treatment in Los Angeles.
In August 1993, two shows of Jackson's "Dangerous Tour" in Thailand had to be cancelled due to dehydration. On August 27, 1993, Jackson "returned to the concert stage". On August 30, 1993, a show in Singapore had to be cancelled due to nausea and a severe headache. In the opinion of his physician, Dr. David Forecast, Jackson "was in no condition to perform". A neurology specialist attended to Jackson. The specialist confirmed Forecast's diagnosis of "late-onset migraine", and medication was prescribed for Jackson who also underwent tests in a hospital in Singapore. The show was held two days later.
One cause for dehydration can be burns; the body loses fluids by water seeping into the damaged skin.
The first concert in Santiago de Chile, scheduled for October 21, 1993, was cancelled due to lumbar problems; two days later, Jackson performed at "Estadio Nacional". Another concert in Lima, Peru, scheduled for October 26, 1993, was cancelled due to a torn muscle suffered during a show in Brazil. Several concerts in Mexico City were cancelled due to tooth problems. Two abscessed molars were pulled. However, there were five shows in Mexico City. The last concert of the "Dangerous Tour" was held in Mexico City, on November 11, 1993.
In November 1993, Jackson announced the cancellation of the remaining "Dangerous Tour" due to an addiction to painkillers which had been prescribed after a recent constructive scalp surgery.
It was also reported, Jackson cancelled shows in Russia and Israel. However, these two concerts did take place. The rescheduling of the concert in Israel was not due to health problems.
According to Dr. Neil Ratner, Jackson suffered a back injury in July 1997; one of the stages collapsed during a concert in Munich, Germany. However, the "History Tour" continued; there was only one concert cancelled after the fatal accident of Princess Diana about two months later. In fact, such an incident happened during a charity concert in Munich, in 1999. Jackson was later taken to a hospital. Jackson's promoter Marcel Avram said he received abrasions and bruises. Jackson left the hospital the next morning.
On February 15, 2005, Jackson was admitted to the Marian Medical Center in Santa Maria with "flu-like symptoms." According to Dr. Chuck Merrill, Jackson was in stable condition and would recover within a few days. Jackson left the hospital on February 16, 2005; Dr. Todd Bailey said Jackson "continued to need care for some persistent viral symptoms, but otherwise he was in good spirits." One week later, the jury selection for the child molestation trial resumed, in Jackson's presence.
On March 10, 2005, Jackson appeared late in court after having received treatment in a hospital due to a back problem. During the trial, Jackson occasionally needed help to get to his seat.
On June 5, 2005 Jackson was taken to the emergency room at the Santa Ynez Valley Cottage Hospital to seek treatment of a back pain. Jackson's spokeswoman, Raymone Bain, said "stress contributed to the back problem". During the trial Jackson had been briefly in hospital several times.
Dr. Christopher Rogers testified in the trial against Dr. Conrad Murray that, in his opinion, Jackson "was healthier than the average person of his age." Rogers said the arteries around Jackson's heart were free of fat and cholesterol, which is unusual for a 50-year-old individual.
Childhood and mental health.
Jackson and some of his siblings stated that they were physically and mentally abused by their father Joseph from a young age, through incessant rehearsals, whippings and the use of derogatory names such as "big nose" for Michael; this abuse had affected Michael throughout his life. In one altercation—later recalled by Marlon Jackson—Joseph held Michael upside down by one leg and "pummeled him over and over again with his hand, hitting him on his back and buttocks". Joseph would often trip the boys or push them into walls.
One night while Jackson was asleep, Joseph climbed into his room through the bedroom window. Wearing a fright mask, he entered the room screaming and shouting. Joseph said he wanted to teach his children not to leave the window open when they went to sleep. For a number of years afterward, Jackson suffered nightmares about being kidnapped from his bedroom. By the early 1980s, he was deeply unhappy; Jackson explained, "Even at home, I'm lonely. I sit in my room sometimes and cry. It's so hard to make friends... I sometimes walk around the neighborhood at night, just hoping to find someone to talk to. But I just end up coming home."
Although it had been reported for a number of years that Jackson had an abusive childhood, he first spoke openly about it in his 1993 interview with Oprah Winfrey. He grimaced when speaking of the childhood abuse at the hands of his father; he believed he had missed out on much of his childhood years, admitting that he often cried from loneliness. In the same interview, speaking of his father, Jackson said, "There were times when he'd come to see me, I'd get sick... I'd start to regurgitate. I'm sorry... Please don't be mad at me... But I do love him." In Jackson's other high profile interview "Living with Michael Jackson" (2003), the singer covered his face with his hand and began crying when talking about his childhood abuse.
Jackson recalled that Joseph sat in a chair as the group rehearsed, saying, "He had this belt in his hand. If you didn't do it the right way, he would tear you up, really get you. It was bad. Real bad." In 2003, the singer was accused of child sexual abuse and was acquitted two years later. During the investigation, Jackson's profile was examined by Stan Katz, a mental health professional, who spent several hours with the accuser as well. According to J. Randy Taraborrelli, the assessment made by Katz was that Jackson had become a regressed ten-year-old. Some medical professionals have publicly stated their belief that the singer also had body dysmorphic disorder, a psychological condition whereby the sufferer has no concept of how his or her physical appearance is perceived by others.
Weight and drug addiction.
The changes to his face were, in part, due to periods of significant weight loss. Jackson became slimmer in the early 1980s because of a change in diet and a desire for "a dancer's body". By 1984, Jackson had lost , bringing his weight to on a 5-foot 9 (1.75 m) frame, the slimmest he had ever been as an adult. Witnesses reported that Jackson was often dizzy and speculated that he was suffering from anorexia nervosa. Following accusations of child molestation in 1993, Jackson stopped eating, losing even more weight.
In late 1995, Jackson was rushed to a hospital after collapsing during rehearsals for a televised performance (which was subsequently cancelled); a non-related writer claims that the incident was caused by a stress-related panic attack, while medics cited irregular beats, gastro-intestinal inflammation, dehydration, and kidney and liver irregularities. In none of these hospitalizations, including this one, did medics find drugs in Jackson's system. The BBC reported that during his 2005 trial, the singer again suffered from stress-related illnesses and severe weight loss.
A biographer states that in 1993, the entertainer admitted taking Valium, Xanax and Ativan to deal with the stress of the child sexual abuse allegations made against him, while Jackson himself does not mention sedatives, he stated that painkillers actually were prescribed to soothe excruciating pain that he was suffering after recent reconstructive surgery on his scalp. A few months after the allegations became news, Jackson had lost approximately in weight and had stopped eating. In a court deposition unrelated to alleged child abuse, Jackson was visibly drowsy, lacked concentration and repeatedly slurred while speaking. He could not remember the dates of his prior album releases or names of people he had worked with. It took him several minutes to name some of his recent albums.
Jackson also stated during the 1993 interview that he first began taking painkiller medications regularly in 1984. In January 24 of that year, Jackson was filming a Pepsi commercial when his hair caught on fire from faulty pyrotechnics on stage that were intended to be part of one of many being filmed. He sustained second-degree burns to his scalp and never fully recovered from the injury or from the lingering pain. He reportedly began taking the painkillers after refusing at first in order to deal with the intense pain.
On November 8, and November 10, 1993, Jackson was questioned about a copyright matter. According to the sworn declaration from the plaintiffs' lawyer, he had been told that Jackson "was taking painkillers because of recent oral surgery."
In November 1993, Jackson announced that he was addicted to painkillers; he said he had recently undergone a scalp surgery, and the painkillers had been prescribed. Jackson said due to the pressure caused by the child molestation allegations, and the energy he needed for the "Dangerous Tour" he was "physically and emotionally exhausted". He said he had "become increasingly more dependent on painkillers", and would seek treatment. His lawyers said, Jackson would be treated for addiction overseas for one and a half months to two months. In December 1993, Jackson returned to the United States.
Jackson's health had deteriorated to the extent that he cancelled the remainder of his tour and flew with friends Elizabeth Taylor and her husband to London. When the singer arrived at the airport, he had to be held up by his two friends; he was then rushed to the home of Elton John's manager and then to a clinic. He was searched for drugs on entry; vials of medicine were found in a suitcase. He took over the fourth floor of the hospital and was put on Valium IV to wean him from painkillers. The singer's spokesperson then told reporters that Jackson was "barely able to function adequately on an intellectual level". While in the clinic, Jackson took part in group and one-on-one therapy sessions. According to Taraborrelli, in January 2004, as his trial approached, Jackson became dependent on morphine and Demerol and was being treated for this dependency by herbalist Alfredo Bowman in Colorado.
In an interview with Aphrodite Jones, Patrick Treacy, a cosmetic surgeon who treated Jackson between July 2006 and early 2007, as well as shortly before his death, stated that he would have known if Jackson would have been also treated by another physician and that he never saw any drugs in the house. He also said that Jackson did not have insomnia and never asked him for narcotics. Treacy stated Jackson was in good physical health; he said Jackson always insisted on the presence of an anesthetist when Propofol was administered.
Jackson was 5 ft. 9in and weighed 136 lbs, which would be within a normal weight range, although he was thin, Dr. Rogers testified in court. According to his costumer Michael Bush, Jackson lost so much weight during a concert due to loss of water that the costumes Jackson wore at the end of the show had to be smaller than those he wore at the beginning of the show; usually, he was a 28-inch waist. 
According to Dr. Nader Kamangar, a sleeping expert at UCLA drugs such as Demerol can cause insomnia. In the case of Jackson, insomnia could have been caused by "anxiety for performing" as well.
Following Jackson's death, a police warrant issued against his attending physician, Conrad Murray, stated that Jackson's many doctors had used nineteen distinct aliases, such as "Omar Arnold," "Josephine Baker," "Fernand Diaz," "Paul Farance," "Peter Madonie," "Faheem Muhammad," "Roselyn Muhammad," "Blanca Nicholas," "Jimmy Nicholas," "Bryan Singleton," "Frank Tyson," and "Rob Kaufman" while prescribing medications for Jackson. He also took prescriptions as "Prince," "Michael Amir," and "Kai Chase," the names of one of his sons, his spokesperson, and his former personal chef, respectively. Police found a CD mentioning the "Omar Arnold" alias when they raided the Las Vegas, Nevada home and office of Conrad Murray, Jackson's personal physician. Use of pseudonyms by celebrities' doctors is common practice for maintaining the confidentiality of patients' medical history, and does not necessarily indicate addiction.
Death.
Following Jackson's death, reports of his use of pethidine (Demerol) surfaced. Cherilyn Lee, a nurse who provided nutritional counseling to Jackson, said that on April 12, 2009 he asked her for unspecified "products for sleep." On April 19, 2009 he told her the only medicine that would help was propofol. Lee refused, telling him, "Michael, the only problem with you taking this medication ... is you're going to take it and you're not going to wake up." Jackson dismissed the warning, telling her he had been given the drug before, by IV injection, and that his doctor told him it was safe. He did not name the doctor. An overdose of propofol can cause the patient to stop breathing, leading to a shortage of oxygen and a buildup of carbon dioxide in the body which can lead to arrhythmias and cardiac arrest.
It was the last time they met.
Due to an enquiry about a cancellation insurance for the upcoming tour, insurance carriers demanded a medical exam by a doctor they trusted. In February 2009, Jackson had an examination performed by Dr. David Slavit of New York. Later, the broker told an AEG senior vice president Jackson had only slight hay fever and had passed the exam "with flying colors". A second medical exam was supposed to take place on July 6, 2009.
According to Lee, she received a frantic call on June 21, 2009 from an aide on Jackson's staff. The aide reported that Jackson was feeling ill. Lee reported overhearing Jackson complain that one side of his body was hot, the other side cold. She believed that somebody had given him something that affected his central nervous system. She advised the aide to take him to the hospital.
After his death, the autopsy report revealed that Jackson had a strong heart and was a "fairly healthy" 50-year-old. According to BBC, his weight was in the acceptable range for a man of his height, but he had punctured arms, and suffered from lung damage and some arthritis. The document shows that Jackson's most serious health problem was his chronically inflamed lungs, but this was not serious enough to be a contributing factor to his death. The post mortem did not uncover any physical problems that may have limited Jackson's ability to perform. "His overall health was fine," said Dr Zeev Kain of the University of California, who reviewed the report for AP but was not involved in the post-mortem examination, "The results are in normal limits." The autopsy also revealed that he was partially bald, and that his lips, eyebrows and scalp were tattooed.
In 2011 Dr. Rogers said in his testimony: "The theory that seems less reasonable to me is that Mr. Jackson woke up, and although he was under the influence of sedative medications, managed to give himself another dose." 
Toxicologist Dan Anderson testified that Demerol was not detected in Jackson's system.

</doc>
<doc id="18546299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18546299" title="Shota Khinchagashvili">
Shota Khinchagashvili

Shota Yuriyevich Khinchagashvili (born 9 January 1951 in Dusheti) is a retired Georgian football player.
International career.
Khinchagashvili made his debut for USSR on 28 November 1976 in a friendly against Argentina. He played in 1978 FIFA World Cup and UEFA Euro 1980 qualifiers (USSR did not qualify for the final tournament for either).

</doc>
<doc id="18546309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18546309" title="William Lewis (mineralogist)">
William Lewis (mineralogist)

William James Lewis F.R.S. (10 January 1847 – 16 April 1926) was a Welsh mineralogist.
Life and career.
Lewis was born in Llanwyddelan, Montgomeryshire, the second son of clergyman John Lewis, and educated at Llanrwst grammar school and Jesus College, Oxford, where he matriculated in 1865. He obtained first-class degrees in mathematics (1868) and in natural science (1869). After a short spell as a tutor at Cheltenham College (1870–71), he was elected a Fellow of Oriel College, Oxford – a position he retained until his death. He carried out some research at Cambridge University before holding a position at the British Museum from 1875 to 1877; he resigned on the grounds of ill-health. In 1879, he returned to Cambridge to lecture on mineralogy and became Professor of Mineralogy in 1881. His publications were few, but included the standard work "A Treatise on Crystallography" (1899).
He was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1909. His candidature read:""Professor of Mineralogy in the University of Cambridge since 1881. Fellow of Oriel College, Oxford, since 1872. First Class in Mathematical Moderations and Finals. First Class in the School of Natural Science. Senior University Mathematical Scholarship, 1871. Author of a Treatise on Crystallography (Cambridge University Press, 1899), which has become a recognised and authoritative Text-book for English students. (This work contains a number of original crystallographic investigations; the mathematical treatment of many of the problems and methods discussed is highly original and in many respects more exhaustive than that of other Treatises). Author of various papers on the crystallography of minerals and of artificial products; in particular, a paper 'On Barium Nitrate, which definitely established the Symmetry of that Substance' (Phil Mag, vol iii, 1877); 'An Exhaustive Monograph on the Crystallography of the rare mineral Miargyrite' (Proc Camb Phil Soc, vol iv, 1883); 'Researches on Minerals from the Binnenthal' (Min Mag, vol xiii, 1903); several papers concerning methods of calculation, the determination of possible errors in crystal measurements, the representation of crystals, &c. Prof Lewis has maintained at Cambridge a School of Mineralogy which has earned a high reputation."" 

</doc>
<doc id="18546315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18546315" title="Pierre Guilloux">
Pierre Guilloux

Pierre Guilloux (October 19, 1901 – September 1, 1937) was a French track and field athlete who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics and in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
In 1920 he finished 13th in the high jump competition.
Four years later he finished seventh in the 1924 high jump event.

</doc>
<doc id="18546338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18546338" title="Drogheda Stadium">
Drogheda Stadium

The Drogheda Stadium (tentative name) is a description of a proposed football stadium which would have been built in Drogheda, Ireland. It would have replaced the United Park as the home stadium of Drogheda United F.C.. The project had a planned opening date of 2010, however planning wasn't secured and Drogheda United will construct the stadium at a different site. The club are hopeful of the stadium opening in 2011. The stadium is intended to have a capacity of 10,000 spectators. Drogheda United plans on a new ground have ceased and now intend on playing in United part for the foreseeable future.

</doc>
<doc id="18546360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18546360" title="Lawrence Roberts (athlete)">
Lawrence Roberts (athlete)

Lawrence Frederick ("Bob") Roberts (1 July 1903 – 8 March 1977) was a South African track and field athlete who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
In 1924 he finished eighth in the 1924 high jump event.

</doc>
<doc id="18546367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18546367" title="Range Lake North School">
Range Lake North School

Range Lake North School is an elementary/middle school in Yellowknife, Northwest Territories, Canada, operated by Yellowknife Education District No. 1. The school is named for its geographic location.
Range Lake offers a grade 6 intensive French immersion program, and a pre-school user-pay program.

</doc>
<doc id="18546369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18546369" title="Academy for Environmental Leadership">
Academy for Environmental Leadership

The Academy for Environmental Leadership (AEL) is a small high school located in Bushwick, a neighborhood in Brooklyn, New York City. It was founded in September, 2006, and is located on the 4th floor of the Bushwick High School Campus. As of Fall 2008, the school will have 9th, 10th and 11th graders. The school is expected to grow to have a population of approximately 400 students, spread out through 4 grades.
The partner organizations of the Academy for Environmental Leadership include the Brooklyn Center for the Urban Environment, Brooklyn College and New Visions for Public Schools.
The school also has a farm Bushwick Campus Farm in which all the schools from the whole campus participate.

</doc>
<doc id="18546373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18546373" title="Inoculation theory">
Inoculation theory

Inoculation Theory was developed by social psychologist William J. McGuire in 1961 to explain more about how attitudes and beliefs change, and more importantly, how to keep original attitudes and beliefs consistent in the face of persuasion attempts. Inoculation Theory continues to be studied today by communication, social psychology, and social science researchers. The theory has been assessed in varied context, including politics (Pfau et al., 1990), health campaigns (Pfau & VanBockern, 1994), and marketing (Compton & Pfau, 2004), among others.
Medical analogy.
Inoculation can best be explained by a medical inoculation analogy. Indeed, the analogy served as the inaugural exemplar for how inoculation confers resistance. As McGuire (1961a) initially explained, a medical inoculation works by exposing a body to weakened viruses—strong enough to trigger a response (i.e., the production of antibodies), but not so strong as to overwhelm the body's resistance. Attitudinal inoculation seems to work the same way: Expose someone to weakened counterarguments, triggering a process of counterarguing which eventually confers resistance to later, stronger persuasive messages.
Origins.
The idea of inoculation was derived from previous research studying one-sided and two-sided messages. One-sided messages are supportive messages to strengthen existing attitudes, but with no mention of counterpositions. Two-sided messages present both counterarguments and refutations of those counterarguments (Lumsdaine & Janis, 1953).
One of the greatest motivators for McGuire was the aftermath of the Korean War. Nine US prisoners of war, when given the opportunity, elected to remain with their previous captors. Many assumed they were brainwashed, so McGuire and other social scientists turned to ways of conferring resistance to persuasion. This was a change in extant persuasion research, which was almost exclusively concerned with how to make messages more persuasive, and not the other way around (Gass & Seiter, 2003).
Development.
McGuire led a series of experiments assessing inoculation's efficacy and adding nuance to our understanding for how it works (for a review, see Compton & Pfau, 2005). The early studies (e.g., McGuire & Papageorgis, 1961) limited testing of inoculation theory to cultural truisms, or beliefs accepted without consideration (e.g., people should brush their teeth daily.) Later development of the theory extended inoculation to more controversial and contested topics in the contexts of politics, health, marketing, and others. The theory has also been applied in education to help prevent substance abuse. 
Explanation of the theory.
Inoculation theory states that to prevent persuasion it is necessary to strengthen preexisting attitudes, beliefs, or opinions. First, the receiver must be warned of an impending attack. This establishes threat (or a recognition of vulnerability) and initiates defenses to future attacks. Therefore, the idea is that when a weak argument is presented in the inoculation message their process of refutation will prepare for stronger persuasion later. It is critical that the attack is strong enough to keep the receiver defensive, but weak enough to not actually change those preexisting ideas. This will hopefully make the receiver actively defensive and allow them to create arguments in favor of their preexisting thoughts. The more active the receiver becomes in his or her defense the more it will strengthen their own attitudes, beliefs, or opinions (McGuire, 1964).
Key components.
There are two basic key components to successful inoculation. The first is threat, which provides motivation to protect one's attitudes or beliefs (Pfau, 1997a). Refutational preemption is the second component. Refutational preemption is the cognitive part of the process. It is the ability to activate one's own argument for future defense and strengthen their existing attitudes through counterarguing. (Pfau, 1997)
Refutational same and refutational different.
While there are many studies that have been conducted comparing different treatments of inoculation, there is one specific comparison that is mentioned throughout various studies. This is the comparison between what is known as refutational same and refutational different messages. A refutational same message is an inoculation treatment that refutes specific potential counterarguments that will appear in the subsequent persuasion message, while refutational different treatments are refutations that are not the same as those present in the impending persuasive message (Pfau et al., 1990). Pfau and his colleagues (1990) developed a study during the 1988 United States presidential election. The Republicans were claiming that the Democratic candidate was known to be lenient when it came to the issue of crime. The researchers developed a refutational same message that stated that while the Democratic candidate was in favor of tough sentences, merely tough sentences could not reduce crime. The refutational different message expanded on the candidate's platform and his immediate goals if he were to be elected. The study showed comparable results between the two different treatments. Importantly, as McGuire and others had found previously, inoculation was able to confer resistance to arguments that were not specifically mentioned in the inoculation message.
Relevant research.
Political campaigning.
One study, previously mentioned, was conducted by Pfau and some of his colleagues examining inoculation through the use of direct mail during the 1988 presidential campaign. The researchers were specifically interested in comparing inoculation and post hoc refutation. Post hoc refutation is another form of building resistance to arguments, however, instead of building resistance prior to future arguments, like inoculation, it attempts to restore original beliefs and attitudes after the counterarguments have been made. Results of the research reinforced prior conclusions that refutational same and different treatments both increase resistance to attacks. More important, results also indicated inoculation was superior to post hoc refutation when attempting to protect original beliefs and attitudes. (Pfau et al., 1990)
Smoking and young children.
Another study conducted by Pfau and his colleagues (1992) examined the role of inoculation when attempting to prevent adolescents from smoking. One of the main goals of the study was to examine longevity and persistence of inoculation. They took a group of elementary school students in South Dakota and had the students watch a video inoculating them of future pressures to smoke. The first year illustrated that resistance was highest among those with low self-esteem (Pfau et al., 1992). At the end of the second year results showed that all students in the group instilled more resistance to smoking than they did previously (Pfau & Van Bockern 1994). Importantly, the study and its follow-up demonstrate the long-lasting effects of inoculation treatments.
Marketing.
Compton and Pfau (2004) extended inoculation theory into the realm of credit card marketing targeting college students. They wondered if inoculation could help protect college students against dangerous levels of credit card debt and/or help convince them to increase their efforts to pay down any existing debt. The results were encouraging. Inoculation seemed to protect students' healthy attitudes about debt and some of their behavioral intentions. Also, Compton and Pfau found some evidence that those who were inoculated were more likely to talk to their friends and family about issues of credit card debt.
Summary.
Inoculation is a theory developed to strengthen existing attitudes and beliefs and build resistance to future counterarguments. For inoculation to be successful it is critical that a threat (motivation for resistance) is imposed upon these existing ideas and refutational preemption (ability to cognitively build defenses to potential counterarguments) takes place after the inoculation. The argument that is presented through inoculation must be strong enough to initiate motivation to maintain current attitudes and beliefs, but weak enough that the receiver will refute the counterargument. Inoculation has been proven successful through many different trials and research. This article attempts to highlight all vital parts of the theory, however, there is a large amount of quality research on the theory that was not mentioned. Also, while numerous studies have tested the theory, there continues to be a need for improvement and new hypotheses.

</doc>
<doc id="18546382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18546382" title="Revaz Chelebadze">
Revaz Chelebadze

Revaz Chelebadze () (born 2 October 1955) is a retired Georgian football player.
International career.
Chelebadze made his debut for USSR on 7 September 1977 in a friendly against Poland.

</doc>
<doc id="18546401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18546401" title="Steve Matthews">
Steve Matthews

Stephen "Steve" Keith Matthews (born October 13, 1970) is a former American football quarterback in the National Football League. He played five seasons for the Kansas City Chiefs, Jacksonville Jaguars, and Tennessee Oilers. He played collegiately at Memphis. He is currently the head football coach at Knoxville Catholic High School in Knoxville, Tennessee.
Pro career.
Matthews was drafted in the seventh round (199th overall) in the 1994 NFL Draft by the Kansas City Chiefs. After three seasons with no playing time, he left and joined the Jacksonville Jaguars. With the Jaguars, Matthews played in two games and started one. In his first start on September 7, 1997, Matthews led Jacksonville to a win over the New York Giants by completing 23 of 35 passes with no interceptions. He would then play for the Tennessee Oilers during the 1998 season. He played in just one game, completing 2 of 3 passes for 24 yards. He would be released at the end of the season.

</doc>
<doc id="18546422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18546422" title="Chen Ling">
Chen Ling

Chen Ling (; born June 16, 1987 in Zhenjiang, Jiangsu) is a female archer from the People's Republic of China.
2008 Summer Olympics.
At the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, Chen finished her ranking round with a total of 645 points. This gave her the 15th seed for the final competition bracket in which she faced Evangelia Psarra in the first round, beating the archer from Greece with 110-101. In the second round she had a tough job beating Katsiarina Muliuk with only one point difference (106-105). She was unable to qualify for the quarter finals due to a loss against South Korean Yun Ok-Hee who won the third round match with 113-103.
Together with Guo Dan and Zhang Juanjuan, Chen also took part in the team event. With her 645 score from the ranking round combined with the 636 of Guo and the 635 of Zhang the Chinese team was in third position after the ranking round, which gave them a straight seed into the quarter finals. With 211-206 they were too strong for the Indian team. In the semi final against Great Britain they scored 208 points with the British scoring 202, securing their final spot. Opponent South Korea came with a strong 224 points performance, resulting in the silver medal for China, as 215 points was not enough to claim the gold.

</doc>
<doc id="18546428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18546428" title="Sergio Rodríguez (footballer)">
Sergio Rodríguez (footballer)

Sergio Rodríguez (born August 19, 1985 in Guadalajara, Jalisco) is a Mexican footballer who currently plays as goalkeeper for Alebrijes de Oaxaca on loan from Guadalajara.
Rodríguez replaced starting goalkeeper Luis Ernesto Michel for the 2008 Mexican Apertura season, after Michel broke his forearm while playing the Superliga against Atlante. Sergio made his debut on July 28, 2008 against Cruz Azul. Having not even touched the ball in the game, Rodríguez stopped a penalty kick from Miguel Sabah during the second minute, making the stop his first ever play in the Mexican Primera División. The future seemed promising for the young goalkeeper, but it quickly turned sour, as he received 17 goals in 9 games. He also allowed 5 goals in a friendly against FC Barcelona.
Rodríguez was later relegated to the bench, due to the many mistakes he made and the goals allowed. He was replaced by Víctor Hugo Hernández.

</doc>
<doc id="18546432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18546432" title="Guo Dan">
Guo Dan

Guo Dan (; born December 20, 1985 in Tieling, Liaoning) is a female archer from the People's Republic of China.
2008 Summer Olympics.
At the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing Guo finished her ranking round with a total of 636 points. This gave her the 25th seed for the final competition bracket in which she faced Charlotte Burgess in the first round. Although Burgess was only the 40th seed she managed to upset Dan with 106-104 and she was eliminated.
Together with Chen Ling and Zhang Juanjuan she also took part in the team event. With her 636 score from the ranking round combined with the 645 of Chen and the 635 of Zhang the Chinese team was in third position after the ranking round, which gave them a straight seed into the quarter finals. With 211-206 they were too strong for the Indian team. In the semi final against Great Britain they scored 208 points with the British scoring 202, securing their final spot. Opponent South Korea came with a strong 224 points performance, resulting in the silver medal for China, as 215 points was not enough to claim the gold.

</doc>
<doc id="18546433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18546433" title="Ninian Pinkney">
Ninian Pinkney

"For other persons named Pinkney, see" Pinkney
Ninian Pinkney, born in the Hammond-Harwood House in Annapolis, Maryland, on 7 June 1811, graduated from St. John's College, Annapolis, Maryland, in 1829, and from Jefferson Medical College, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, in 1833. He spent his entire naval career in the Navy helping to develop the field of surgery and medicine. He was especially prominent—and praised—during the American Civil War.
Military service.
Appointed an assistant surgeon in the United States Navy on 26 March 1834, Pinkney received orders to the sloop of war "Erie" on 5 May. Ordered to report by 20 June, he joined the ship at Boston, Massachusetts, on 24 June, shortly before she sailed for the Brazil Station. Detached from "Erie" on 18 September 1837, he began two months of leave on 20 September, later changed to "waiting orders." Ordered to duty at the Naval Asylum at Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, on 9 April 1838, he was detached from that duty on 2 April 1839, receiving one month of leave. He then joined the frigate "Brandywine", assigned to the Mediterranean Squadron, on 17 August, shortly after she was recommissioned.
On 12 February 1840, Commodore Isaac Hull, commanding the squadron, ordered Pinkney to return to the United States, and the assistant surgeon reported his arrival on 24 April. Ordered thence, on 12 October 1840, to the storeship "Relief", on the Pacific Squadron, Pinkney later served again on board "Erie". He was promoted to surgeon on 27 October 1841.
Commodore Alexander J. Dallas, commanding the Pacific Squadron, granted Surgeon Pinkney permission to return to the United States in February 1844, and he arrived there in April of the same year. Ordered to the Receiving Ship and Naval Station, Baltimore, Maryland, on 24 June 1844, he received orders to "discharge duties" at the Naval Rendezvous (recruiting station) as well, on 21 April 1845. 
Detached from the Baltimore Station on 19 September 1846 and placed in the status of "waiting orders," Pinkney was ordered to Albany on 14 October; he reported to that new sloop of war, assigned to the Home Squadron, a little less than a fortnight later, on 27 October. Transferred to sloop of war "Germantown", also in the Home Squadron, three days after Christmas the following year 28 December 1847, he was detached from that ship on 23 February 1848. Carried on the status of "waiting orders" on 1 January of the following year Pinkney was ordered to the new sidewheel sloop of war "Saranac" on 4 February 1850, to report for duty on the 24th of that month. Detached from that ship on 22 July 1851, the surgeon was then ordered [10 September to review candidates for admission to the U.S. Naval Academy. Following another period of "waiting orders," he was ordered to the Naval Academy on 3 April 1852.
Detached from the Academy on 5 July 1855, Pinkney subsequently received orders to the sidewheel frigate "Susquehanna" on 31 March 1856, and served in that ship as she cruised in the Mediterranean and off the coast of Central America, and later operated in assistance of the steam frigate "Niagara" in her unsuccessful attempt to lay the Atlantic Cable in August 1857. Detached from "Susquehanna" on 19 April 1858, he was ordered to the U.S. Naval Hospital at Norfolk, Virginia, on 21 October, his actual time of reporting delayed from 1 November to 1 December 1858. Detached from that medical facility ashore on 9 June 1859, Pinkney received orders to join the screw frigate "San Jacinto" as she prepared for a cruise to the coast of Africa.
Illness, however, shortened Pinkney's tour of duty in "San Jacinto", as he was detached from the ship at Cadiz, Spain, and ordered home "because of ill health" on 28 March 1860. Arriving back in the United States on 23 April, he went to Easton, Maryland, where he apparently remained until he was ordered to special duty in Washington, D.C., on 8 June 1861. Detached from duty in the capitol on 12 December 1861, he received orders to report as the Fleet Surgeon, Mississippi Squadron, on the last day 1861.
Civil War service.
Pinkney served in the Mississippi Squadron for the duration of the American Civil War, performing "the most arduous duty in caring for the sick and wounded." He succeeded in getting possession of the Commercial Hotel, in Memphis, Tennessee, a building "admirably located and well adapted for hospital purposes" in March 1863. The shortage of assistant surgeons compelled "Pinkney" to serve on board the U.S. Navy Hospital Ship "Red Rover", "where he has been of great service fitting out his department." Acting Rear-Admiral David Dixon Porter, Commanding the Mississippi Squadron, called Pinkney's presence
Porter used the occasion to dispel any misgivings about the fleet surgeon's "little peculiarities" (Pinkney was known to be of "a 'peppery' nature and stood firmly on his dignity and rights"), writing to Secretary of the Navy Gideon Welles on 30 March 1863 of Pinkney that "...a more zealous, devoted officer to the profession, and to the country, does not exist anywhere..." 
Soon thereafter, the fleet surgeon directed the provision of new ships fitting out at St. Louis, Missouri, and Cincinnati, Ohio, with medical stores during June, 1863, and later that summer supervised the conversion of a seized Rebel building at Memphis, Tennessee, into a hospital. 
Pinkney received the wounded from the fall of Fort Pillow in April 1864, on board the Hospital Ship "Red Rover", and treated them. Subsequently, one of the nursing Sisters, employed on board "Red Rover", wrote to express her appreciation for the kindness Pinkney had extended to them. "Through them," Sister Angela, of the Order of the Holy Cross, wrote on 11 August 1864, 
Post-Civil War service.
Detached on 15 June 1865, Pinkney, over the next four years (until 8 November 1869), performed a succession of duties, serving as a member of the Board of Visitors of the U.S. Naval Academy, presided over the board that examined candidates for admission to the Academy, and served as a delegate to represent the Medical Department of the Navy to the Medical Department in England. Ordered to duty at Washington, D.C., on 1 October 1870, he was promoted to the rank of Medical Director on 3 March 1871.
Final years.
Detached from the Washington Navy Yard and retired with that rank on 7 June 1873, Pinkney, who received a doctor of laws degree from his alma mater, St. John's College, Annapolis, in 1873, ultimately died in Easton, Maryland, on 15 December 1877.
Honored in ship naming.
The United States Navy ship USS "Pinkney (APH-2)" which saw action in the Pacific Ocean during World War II was named in his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="18546448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18546448" title="2001 Ukrainian Football Amateur League">
2001 Ukrainian Football Amateur League

Ukrainian Football Amateur League 2001 was the sixth season of the national amateur football competition in Ukraine since their reorganization in 1997.
Overview and format.
This season competition consisted of four stages with 35 teams participating. First two stages were organized in regional principal in groups of four or five and were played in two rounds where each team could play another at its home ground. The semifinals and finals, on the other hand, were played in one round. During the season several teams withdrew, while others successfully applied for a professional status.
On the first stage each group winners and their immediate runner-ups were to advance to the next part of the competition. Due to few teams joining the professional competition the format was adjusted and to the second stage only eleven teams advanced. The second stage was split in four groups where first two places were advancing to the semifinals. The semifinals, in their turn, were split in two groups where first two teams were advancing to the winners final of four and the last two teams—to the losers final of four. The finals were cut short as Shakhtar Luhansk earned the maximum points after just two games and thus securing the season's title with the.
Note: ZALK stands for the "Zaporzhian Aliuminum Plant" (Kombinat in Ukrainian).<br>
KZEZO stands for the "Kakhovkan Factory" (Zavod) of "Electro-Welding Equipment" (Elektro-Zvariuvalnoho Obladnannia).
First stage.
Teams that applied to the 2001-02 Second League discontinuing their further participation in the competition: SKA-Orbita Lviv, Stal Dniprodzerzhynsk, and Dnister Ovidiopol.
Group B.
Note: SKA-Orbita Lviv decided to join Druha Liha.<br>Sokil Radyvyliv withdrew.
Group E.
Note: Stal Dniprodzerzhynsk decided to join Druha Liha.<br>SVKh Danika Simferopol and KDPU Mekhanizator Komyshuvate withdrew. KDPU Mekhanizator Komyshuvate results were annulled.
Group F.
Note: Olympik Kharkiv withdrew and its results were annulled.<br>Batkivschyna Kryvyi Rih qualified for the Second Stage, but later withdrew.
Group G.
Note: Ekina Almazna withdrew and its results were annulled.
Second stage.
Group 2.
Note: Yavir VolynLis Tsuman withdrew and its results were annulled.
Group 3.
Note: Zemliak Myrhorod replaced Batkivschyna Kryvyi Rih.
Group 4.
Note: Tyras-2500 Bilhorod-Dnistrovskyi withdrew.
Final Group.
Note: No further games were necessary as the champion was identified.
A permission to apply for the Second League for the next 2002-03 season was granted to Shakhtar Luhansk, Vuhlyk Dymytrov, and Systema-KKhP Cherniakhiv.

</doc>
<doc id="18546456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18546456" title="Juan de Borja Lanzol de Romaní, el mayor">
Juan de Borja Lanzol de Romaní, el mayor

Juan de Borja Lanzol (Llançol) de Romaní, el mayor (1446 – August 1, 1503) was the first of ten cardinal-nephews elevated by Pope Alexander VI, the cousin of his father, Galcerán de Borja y Moncada.
Borja was the son of Galcerán de Borja y Moncada and Tecla Navarro de Alpicat, born in 1446. He was a canon of the cathedral chapter of Valencia and the "paborde" of Albal as well as a minor cleric.
Pope Sixtus IV, also a relative, made Borja protonotary apostolic and an editor of apostolic letters circa 1408. Pope Innocent VIII made him the Governor of Rome. Borja had an illegitimate son named Galcerán.
After the papal conclave, 1492, which elected Borja's relative Rodrigo pope as Alexander VI, he was created cardinal-priest of S. Susanna on August 31, 1492. He was later elected archbishop of Monreale on September 13, 1483, an archdiocese he would never visit but occupy until his death. There is no evidence he was ever ordained a priest or consecrated as bishop.
Borja went on to accumulate benefices and their associated revenues: he became the administrator of the see of Olomouc, Moravia from February 8, 1493 to January 30, 1497. He was named legate "a latere" to Alfonso II of Naples on April 18, 1494.Borja was named bishop of Ferrara on October 29, 1494, taking possession of the see on June 14, 1497 until his death. He was also the bishop of Melfi from September 19, 1494 until death, occupying it from December 3, 1498.
In May 1494, he attended the coronation of Alfonso II of Naples (whose son, Alfonso of Aragon, is widely believed to have been later strangled by Borja's cousin Cesare after marrying Lucrezia Borgia), along with one patriarch, seven archbishops, and forty bishops; Borja himself crowned Alfronso king on May 18. Along with Cesare Borgia and Alexander VI, Juan met with Alfonso on July 12, 1494 in Vicovaro to co-ordinate military strategy against Cardinal Ascanio Sforza (whom Borja would later replace in the lucrative office of the Vice-Chancellor in 1500) and his allies as well as Charles VIII of France. He brought Alexander VI's terms of peace to Charles VIII on December 25, 1494 in Bracciano before retreating with the pontiff on January 7, 1495 to the Castel Sant'Angelo (and then on May 27, 1495 to Orvieto) to take refuge from French troops. On April 24, 1503, Borja became the titular Latin Patriarch of Constantinople.

</doc>
<doc id="18546460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18546460" title="New Finn Harps Stadium">
New Finn Harps Stadium

The New Finn Harps Stadium is under construction in Stranorlar, Ireland. It is intended as an association football venue to replace Finn Park as the home stadium of Finn Harps F.C.. The stadium is intended to have a capacity of 6,800 spectators. Planning permission was granted in June 2007 and ground breaking was started on 12 May 2008. Work recommenced in late 2011 with foundations in place. The project was again delayed in October 2012 due to financial reasons, as a decline in property values mean that the new stadium is more dependent on state funding. Planning permission was extended for a further five year period.

</doc>
<doc id="18546464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18546464" title="Bearing Specialists Association">
Bearing Specialists Association

Bearing Specialists Association (BSA) is an industry trade group of distributors of bearings. It is based in Glen Ellyn, Illinois and is managed by CM Services, an association management company.
It publishes a self-study guide and a number of technical publications, and organizes an annual meeting for its members.

</doc>
<doc id="18546477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18546477" title="William McDonald Middle School">
William McDonald Middle School

École William McDonald Middle School is a grade 6 to 8 middle school in Yellowknife, Northwest Territories, Canada, operated by Yellowknife Education District No. 1. The school was opened in September 1982 as a replacement for an earlier school of the same name. The school is named for a prospector and naturalist, William McDonald. In addition to English, William McDonald offers the French immersion program for all students.

</doc>
<doc id="18546481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18546481" title="Hoar Construction">
Hoar Construction

Hoar Construction is a privately held heavy construction company specializing in commercial and industrial buildings, health care, and retail construction. Founded in 1940 by F. R. Hoar, and headquartered in Birmingham, Alabama, the company is currently ranked as one of the top construction managers and retail contractors in the United States. In addition to its Birmingham headquarters, Hoar also has offices in Huntsville, Mobile, Orlando, Nashville, and Houston.
History.
Founded in Birmingham, Alabama, the company initially specialized in the construction of churches throughout the Birmingham area. R.N. Hoar joined his father's construction business in 1947, and F.R. Hoar and Son was established. After completing construction on 45 churches, F.R. Hoar and Son expanded its focus to include commercial and industrial projects. The company renamed itself Hoar Construction in 1985. With US$537 million in revenue for 2007, Hoar Construction was ranked 12th among Birmingham's 100 largest companies; in 2008, it was named the fifth best place to work in America.
Major projects.
According to the "Birmingham Business Journal", Hoar construction "has built more than 100 enclosed malls, 250 theater screens, more than of retail space, and more than of commercial space since its founding in 1940.

</doc>
<doc id="18546495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18546495" title="Mount Verd, Tennessee">
Mount Verd, Tennessee

Mount Verd is a small unincorporated community in McMinn County, Tennessee, northwest of the city of Athens. Mt. Verd is home to the Mt. Verd Baptist Church.

</doc>
<doc id="18546499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18546499" title="Yuri Chesnokov">
Yuri Chesnokov

Yuri Ivanovich Chesnokov () (January 25, 1952 in Kimry – November 21, 1999 in Moscow) was a Soviet football player.
International career.
Chesnokov made his debut for USSR on November 28, 1976 in a friendly against Argentina. He played in UEFA Euro 1980 qualifiers (USSR did not qualify for the final tournament).

</doc>
<doc id="18546500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18546500" title="Rambhai">
Rambhai

Rambhai is social networking site founded by a small group of students of 2000 batch of Indian Institute of Management of Ahmedabad, India in 2006.
This newslink sharing website was created based on two basic principles; of free expression and of user moderation. It has been a growing community since it started.
Initially a community based predominantly on India related news it has evolved over the months to include content from all around the world.
Members refer to themselves as Rambhaiyyas.
Site description.
Rambhai functions on a simple concept. It brings readers out of the shackles of editors's choices and gives them the freedom to decide what they read and what is published on the site's frontpage.
When Rambhaiyyas find any news that could be of interest to Indians, they submit it to the site. The current categories for submissions are news, business, technology, sports, cricket, movies, India shining, Masti, lets' discuss, travel and miscellaneous. Submissions often leads to discussions. Every member is invited to join in as they come and go. Reader vote for links they like. A topic makes it to the homepage only after it has received a certain number of votes.
Rambhai operates a karma point system. Individual members gets a score on scale of 1 to 10 based on their level of contribution to Rambhai. The score is based on posting good stories, commenting on other stories, voting for links and duration of membership. The score adds weight to the member's vote.
Rambhai.com is powered by Pligg [http://www.pligg.com/], an open source social networking content management system (CMS). 
It combines social bookmarking, blogging, web syndication and a democratic editorial system that enables users to collaboratively submit and promote articles.
Use of Rambhai is free.
History.
The website was started by a 2000-batch student of IIM-A in 2006. Rambhai.com is now maintained by a group of individuals.
Rambhai Kori is an owner of a tea stall outside the campus of Indian Institute of Management Ahmedabad. Kori was an electrician before he opened his 'chai' joint, where he has been supplying tea for the last 25 years.
For years he has been the first point of contact outside the campus for students new to the city, and provides them with necessary information. Students also meet Kori for getting real examples for their case studies and feedback on the dynamics of the local market. After classes, they gather in his shop to discuss any topic.
Kori found many of his customers did not come just for the tea, they also preferred to stand around and talk. He would sometimes join the discussions and exchanged his views and opinions. His chai shop gradually transformed into a venue for discussions and debate on wide ranging topics. Along with the tea he served topics and issues to think and talk about.
It was decided to start a website to bring Kori's chai-time discussions online for the world to share. The spirit that led to starting Rambhai.com is the same behind every involved discussions at every neighbourhood chai-waalas.
Name.
Rambhai.com was named after Rambhai Kori,
Kori believes, the name Rambhai symbolises the neighborhood chaiwallas; in colleges, outside workplaces, anywhere one can takes a break to have a cup of chai or coffee and discuss anything and everything. Rambhai.com aspires to be such a place on the Internet.
The punchline, as explained by Rambhai himself, represents what his website stands for; news and views that are Zara Hatke News (news with a little difference).
The logo shows the steaming teacup of Rambhai with the promise of news with a difference.
Competition.
Humsurfer
IndianPad
BestOfIndya
Ready2beat
Indiantags
SecondHack

</doc>
<doc id="18546523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18546523" title="Sports, Sin and Subversion">
Sports, Sin and Subversion

Sports, Sin and Subversion is the new book from Belizean author Evan X Hyde, published in July 2008. It is Hyde's first new work in over three decades (his previous release, X-Communication, was a reprise of his 1970's publishings.)
Plot.
Hyde takes as his point of departure his childhood in the downtown area of Belize City, discussing in effect the history of Belizean sports and sports personalities as he saw it from the late 1950s through to the present day.
Hyde makes many references to famous sportspeople in Belize, as well as famous internationals who interacted with Belize and Belizeans: Willie Mays, Roberto Clemente, Muhammad Ali, as well as popular sports teams: San Francisco Giants, New York Yankees, Philadelphia 76ers and Chicago Cubs.

</doc>
<doc id="18546547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18546547" title="Sir John Franklin High School">
Sir John Franklin High School

École Sir John Franklin High School is a high school in Yellowknife, Northwest Territories, Canada, operated by Yellowknife Education District No. 1. The school is named for the explorer Sir John Franklin.
Sir John Franklin (SJFHS) offers the French immersion program and a comprehensive fine arts program including music, drama and art.
On a regular day, the school follows a modified block schedule, consisting of Day 1 and Day 2. School is in session from 8:30 AM to 3:30 PM from Mondays through Fridays.
Facility.
SJFHS first opened in 1958 as a new Federal School for the Northwest Territories. It underwent expansions in 1964, 1969, 1974 and a major renovation in 2003. The facility now comprises 9600m2 and includes a new town plaza with cafe, science wing, art gallery, gymnasium, and is co-located with the Northern Arts and Cultural Centre (NACC). The Communications Arts Centre includes a television studio, edit suites, music room, and drama room. Career technology functions include a woodworking and aviation studio, the north’s only automotive shop, and computer-based business and tourism instruction.
In 2003 the school partnered with a private company to install a 2.0 kW (2,000 Watt) photovoltaic solar system on the school's roof. The system is connected to the local utility grid. One of the goals of the project was to educate the students and general population about the use of alternate energies in the North and serve an ongoing student-operated science project.

</doc>
<doc id="18546558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18546558" title="Oceania Confederation of Roller Sports">
Oceania Confederation of Roller Sports

The Oceania Confederation of Roller Sports (OCRS) is the main roller skating organization of Australia and other Oceanic countries. The OCRS is part of the International Roller Sports Federation, or FIRS. Varieties of skating governed by the OCRS include:
The President of the Oceania Confederation of Roller Sports (OCRS) is Simon Wilkins. 

</doc>
<doc id="18546561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18546561" title="Kevin March (businessman)">
Kevin March (businessman)

Kevin P. March is an American business executive, and currently Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice-President of technology manufacturing giant, Texas Instruments.
Education.
March graduated in 1983 from the University of Pittsburgh with a bachelor's degree in economics and business before receiving an MBA from Pitt in 1984.
Career.
Kevin joined TI after graduation in 1984, working in an array of different positions throughout the Dallas-based company. In 2002, March was appointed Controller of TI, and in October 2003, was named CFO, replacing longtime TI CFO Bill Aylesworth. In 2008, March was named CFO of the Year for large public companies by Dallas Business Journal.
Personal life.
Kevin and his wife Carol currently live in Dallas, Texas, and have two children, Sean and Shannon. Sean lives in Dallas and Shannon attends Tulane University.

</doc>
<doc id="18546565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18546565" title="Juan de Borja">
Juan de Borja

Juan de Borja may refer to any one of four cardinal nephews of Pope Alexander VI:

</doc>
<doc id="18546622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18546622" title="Confederation of Asia Roller Sports">
Confederation of Asia Roller Sports

The "Confederation of Asia Roller Sports" (CARS) is the main roller skating organization of Asia. The CARS is part of the International Roller Sports Federation, or FIRS. Varieties of skating governed by the CARS include:
One of the most important events organized by CARS is the "Roller Hockey Asia Cup".
President of the Confederation of Asian Roller Sports (CARS)
Guo Min
9, Tiyuguan Road
Beijing 100763
People's Republic of China

</doc>
<doc id="18546677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18546677" title="Franca Iacovetta">
Franca Iacovetta

Franca Iacovetta is a "feminist/socialist" historian of labour and migration currently working at the University of Toronto. 
Her dissertation, published as "Such Hardworking People: Italian Immigrants in Postwar Toronto", was supervised by York University's Ramsay Cook. She has since edited numerous collections of case studies, examining the lives of so-called "marginalized peoples" in Canada and the United States. Her most recent book "Gatekeepers" was awarded the Canadian Historical Association's John A. Macdonald Prize in 2008. 
She has been critical of J.L. Granatstein, who questioned the dominance of social history in recent Canadian historical-writing in "Who Killed Canadian History?", calling it a "clearly offensive", "ill-conceived little book".

</doc>
<doc id="18546688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18546688" title="Cardinal of Monreale">
Cardinal of Monreale

The Cardinal of Monreale may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18546691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18546691" title="Federation of African Roller Sports">
Federation of African Roller Sports

The Federation of African Roller Sports (FARS) is the main roller skating organization of Africa. The (FARS) is part of the International Roller Sports Federation, or FIRS. Varieties of skating governed by the FARS include:

</doc>
<doc id="18546697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18546697" title="News/North">
News/North

News/North (originally the "News of the North") is a newspaper based in Yellowknife, Northwest Territories, with offices in Fort Smith, Hay River, Fort Providence and Norman Wells, Northwest Territories, as well as Iqaluit and Rankin Inlet, Nunavut, and owned by Northern News Services. The newspaper is printed in two separate editions, "Northwest Territories News/North" and "Nunavut News/North" ("ᓄᓇᕗᒥ ᐱᕙᓪᓕᐊᔪᑦ") that reports on news throughout the NWT and Nunavut. Although some features are identical in the two papers, the majority of the articles reflect the territory they are intended for. The "Nunavut News/North" features several articles translated into Inuktitut and printed in syllabics. A Monday edition is printed weekly, with a different front page substituted on the "Northwest Territories News/North" for distribution in Yellowknife.

</doc>
<doc id="18546707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18546707" title="Brigitte Kwan">
Brigitte Kwan

"Brigitte" Kwan (Traditional Chinese: 関秀華; Pinyin: Guān Xìuhuá) was born in Canton, China. Kwan was one of the pioneer Chinese feminists who protested the practice of foot binding (, literally "bound feet") and advocated the rights of women in Imperial China. Of Manchu aristocratic lineage, Kwan was born as to an aristocratic family, one of a mixed set of fraternal twins, at the turn of the 20th century.
Early life.
Kwan was of the ruling Manchu class with Mandarin official ancestors, including Guan Peiyuan, a peer of Kang Youwei.
At a young age, she received an education in Confucian Chinese classics, a rarity for women of the times, who were not traditionally allowed access to education. Although women of the Han Chinese aristocracy and upper bourgeoisie had their feet bound as infants, the female Manchu aristocrats did not conform to this custom, as they exercised greater political power in the society than Han Chinese women did. Not only were Kwan's feet not bound, but she started a movement to encourage Han Chinese women to refrain from the practice in later generations.
First feminist of China.
In the great flood of Nanhai, many women with bound feet drowned, as they were unable to swim or run. Unable to escape, many remained trapped in deep waters. Kwan swam and rescued many women by placing one after another on rooftops and nearly lost her own life in exhaustion. She was commended by many aristocratic Chinese women as a heroine. Because of this feat and her advocacy, she is often referred to as the first feminist of China.
Later life.
After the fall of the Qing dynasty and the increasing attacks against the Qing Manchu, she fell in love with a Han Chinese, a Sun Yat-sen partisan and military commander Wong Sung-mong Huang Zhongwen (Chinese: 黄仲文) Huang Zhongwen born Y.S. Wong (Chinese: 黄玉书), rumored to be part of the Tongmenghui, was tutored by an Imperial scholar - Jìnshì (進士), and a trained physician (daifu - 大夫), before fighting in Sun Yat-sen's army in the Northern Expedition. After the end of the war, the pair found themselves stranded in a devastated, destroyed China. Following the Tongmenghui's history of raising relief funds for war efforts in China through the United States and South-east Asia, the pair secretly eloped into British zone through Hong Kong, and set sail to Nanyang (modern day South-east Asia), onto British Crown territories, stopping at Phoenix City (Traditional Chinese: 鳳城：Hanyu Pinyin Fengcheng) (modern day Kuala Lumpur), Penang and Singapore. In a bid to raise funds for poverty relief in China, the pair set up a volunteer institution teaching Confucian Classics and the classical Chinese language, and accepted the poor and the rich alike into their school. Her husband also returned to his previous practice as a physician.
Before they could return to Canton, through Hong Kong, from the British Crown colony of Singapore, they found themselves amidst a sudden invasion by the Japanese soldiers at the outbreak of World War II. Kwan, herself a male-female fraternal twin pair, gave birth to her last children, a pair of fraternal twins of different sexes. Under severe food rationing by the Japanese "kempeitai" (secret police), both babies suffered from malnutrition, malaria and dysentery. Kwan was forced to leave one dead infant, a boy, near a refuse pile, after it had apparently died. Her eldest daughter, however, was able to revive the child. However, the other twin, a girl, died soon after.
Separation and death.
After World War II ended, the People's Republic of China was sealed off from the outside world upon Soviet instigation and Kwan was not permitted to re-enter China. Kwan spent most of her life outside China, dreaming of a return and reunion with her twin brother to resurrect an Imperial China that she would never again see. This heroine and first feminist of China died in the 1980s.

</doc>
<doc id="18546726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18546726" title="Alikulikyand">
Alikulikyand

Alikulikyand may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18546747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18546747" title="USS Arapaho">
USS Arapaho

USS "Arapaho" or USS "Arapahoe" may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18546781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18546781" title="Brian Stewart (American football)">
Brian Stewart (American football)

Brian Stewart (born December 4, 1964 in San Diego, California) is the current defensive coordinator of the Maryland Terrapins football team at the University of Maryland. Stewart is currently in his second year at Maryland. In 2012, he led Maryland's defense to be the 2nd-ranked defense (in yards per game) in the Atlantic Coast Conference, and the 21st-ranked defense in the nation.
Stewart previously held the position of defensive coordinator on the Houston Cougars football team in 2010 and 2011 at the University of Houston. He also held several assistant coaching positions in the NFL, most recently as a Special Assistant to the Defense for the Philadelphia Eagles. Prior to joining the Eagles, he was a defensive coordinator for the Dallas Cowboys.
References.
Personal Life:
Brian Stewart is married to his wife, Kimberly Stewart and they had 3 kids, Leila, Mya, and Zara, together.

</doc>
<doc id="18546797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18546797" title="Before the Rains">
Before the Rains

Before the Rains is a 2007 Indian-British period drama film directed by Santosh Sivan. The film is adapted from a story from the 2001 anthology Israeli film "Asphalt Zahov".
It was filmed on location in Kerala, India and was released in cinemas in India, the US and the UK.
Plot.
"Before the Rains" is set in 1930s Malabar District of the Madras Presidency of British India, against the backdrop of a growing nationalist movement. An idealistic young Indian man, T.K. (Rahul Bose) finds himself torn between his ambitions for the future and his loyalty to tradition when people in his village learn of an affair between his British boss and close friend Henry Moores (Linus Roache) and a married village woman Sajani (Nandita Das).
Henry and T.K. are working on building a road in rural Kerala. The start of the film focuses on the affair between Henry and his house maid Sajani. They make love near a waterfall, witnessed by two children who flee. Both Henry and Sajani are married to different partners and both know of each other's marriages. Henry's wife and son return from their vacation in England. Sajani is distraught but Henry assures Sajani that she is the one he loves. Sajani's violent husband finds out about her infidelity and brutally beats her. Sajani flees to Henry's house; Henry instructs T.K. to take her away into hiding. T.K tells Sajani never to come back as she is now disgraced and her presence in the village will endanger Henry's life. Sajani does not believe T.K but leaves nonetheless. During this time, resentment towards the British grows stronger; news about an adulterous act between an Indian woman and a British man would be inflammatory. 
Sajani's love for Henry drives her back to Henry's house. Henry tells her to leave and admits that he does not love her. A distraught Sajani finds T.K's handgun (a gift from Henry), shoots herself in the chest, and dies. T.K. and Henry throw her body in the river to conceal her death.
Sajani's disappearance garners interest in the village. Sajani's brother and husband gather the men of the village to search the jungle. The same two children who discovered Sajani and Henry near the waterfall then discover her body. It is established that a bullet from an English pistol killed her. A mob led by Sajani's husband attacks T.K., the only Indian man around with a handgun. The bullet and the handgun match and T.K is tried by the village council for murder. T.K is forced to tell the truth to the council, while Henry's wife discovers her husband's affair and his involvement in Sajani's death and leaves her husband to return to England. 
T.K proves his innocence to the council in a test by fire. The council elders tell T.K. that he has to kill Henry to get his honour back since he aided and abetted in covering up a killing. Sajani's brother and T.K. go to kill Henry. When it comes to the moment for T.K to kill Henry, he cannot pull the trigger but instead tells Henry that no man owns anything, it belongs to everyone. The film ends with the onset of the monsoon. Henry and T.K's road holds and does not yield to the pouring rains.
Production.
Santosh Sivan decided to make a film of Danny Verete's segment "Red Roofs" (from "Asphalt Zahov") after producer Doug Mankoff introduced him to the film. Concluding that the story was "timeless and universal", Sivan changed the story's setting to a Nayar community in 1930s Kerala, India. He felt a special affinity with the area as he was born and raised in Kerala.
During the 33-day shoot, Sivan endeavoured to capture the feel of cinematographer Subrata Mitra. He used mainly 16mm and 18mm lenses to achieve the film's panoramic wide shots which he recorded in aspect ratio on Kodak Vision2 film stock. He was also inspired by the work of artist Raja Ravi Varma for the interiors, particularly in the use of lighting. The costume department dressed the principal characters in contrasting colours to highlight their differing backgrounds; Moores was dressed in muted colours while Sanjani wore bright saris and jewellery.
Several complications were involved in filming in the area. Since much of the film involves road construction, the production team found an abandoned road and completed it at different stages in three different areas to allow them to shoot all three building stages simultaneously. For one scene Das's character was supposed to float down a river. The water proved to be too cold, so the crew had to set up a large tub of warm water next to the river for the close-up.
Release.
"Before the Rains" premiered at the 2007 Toronto International Film Festival. It was also screened at Pittsburgh's Silk Screen Asian American Film Festival, the Tribeca Film Festival, and the Palm Springs International Film Festival. It was released commercially in India on 14 August 2009.
Reception.
The film was released in both UK and US cinemas. The movie got a mixed critical reception with Rotten Tomatoes giving it an average rating of 5.2 and Metacritic giving it a 47/100 rating. Sivan's camera work was widely praised. The lead actors' performances, especially that of Rahul Bose was also applauded. The predominant thread of criticism in most of the reviews were that the film stuck to an old-school format and failed to stir emotion or engage the viewer.
Soundtrack.
The film's music is by Mark Kilian who was nominated for a Discovery of the Year award at the 2008 World Soundtrack Awards for his work on the film. It has some Carnatic songs as well that feature Indian percussionist Sivamani. 

</doc>
<doc id="18546798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18546798" title="Bill Lancaster (aviator)">
Bill Lancaster (aviator)

Early life.
Born in Birmingham, England, Lancaster emigrated to Australia prior to World War I. In 1916, he joined first the Australian Army and later the Australian Flying Corps. He remained in Britain after the war and joined the Royal Air Force, marrying Annie Maude Besant in 1919 and serving in India during the 1920s. He was promoted to flying officer from pilot officer on 30 April 1921.
England to Australia.
In 1927, Lancaster transferred to the RAF Reserve (he continued to hold a commission until 30 April 1930), and decided to make a name for himself by flying from England to Australia. He made this flight in the Avro Avian "Red Rose", accompanied by Australian Jessie "Chubbie" Miller, who helped finance the flight. It was at the time one of the longest flights made in such a small aircraft—although they were overtaken "en route" by Bert Hinkler in another Avian—and the first England-Australia flight by a woman. A huge crowd greeted them on arrival in Darwin, and on their subsequent tour around Australia.
In 1928 Lancaster and Miller moved to the United States on the promise of a Hollywood movie which was never made. Lancaster then made a living selling British aero engines, and Miller became an aviator in her own right, competing in the famous "Powder Puff Derby" of 1929.
Murder trial.
In 1932, Lancaster had been in Mexico looking for work. At the same time, Haden Clarke, a male American writer, had been living in Lancaster and Miller's Florida home in order to assist Miller's writing of her autobiography. Clarke and Miller had developed a relationship in Lancaster's absence, and Clarke convinced Miller to leave Lancaster and marry him instead. Upon receipt of this news, Lancaster returned promptly to Florida.
On 20 April, Clarke was killed by a gunshot wound to the head. Despite the facts that the gun was Lancaster's, and that he admitted forging suicide notes found at the scene (one addressed to Lancaster and another to Miller), forensic evidence provided by the prosecution was confusing to the jury.
Albert H. Hamilton, a criminologist with a somewhat sketchy past, provided easy to understand testimony in Lancaster's favor. Additionally, even though Lancaster and Miller had dissolved their romance and partnership, Miller spoke in Lancaster's defence and the trial judge gave a summing up in his favour.
Lancaster was acquitted of murder in just short of 5 hours deliberation. It is regarded that although the evidence was in doubt, a main factor in Lancaster's acquittal was his calm, straightforward, gentlemanly demeanour in the courtroom; and the portrayal of the victim as depressive, drug-addicted and suicidal. Public opinion may also have played its part in influencing the jury; indeed, at one point the behaviour of those in gallery became so unruly (cheering for Lancaster), that Judge Atkinson interrupted with a firm, "This is not a vaudeville show!"
Final flight.
Having got lost several times, having not slept for 30 hours and being ten hours behind his intended time, Lancaster departed from Reggane on the evening of the 12 April to make a night crossing of the Sahara. The Avian's engine failed after less than an hour's flying, and he crash-landed in the desert far north of his expected flight path. Relatively uninjured and occasionally firing flares he awaited rescue. Searches by aircraft however were too far to the south, and a car searching from Reggane was also unsuccessful, and he died eight days later, on 20 April 1933. His final message, written on a fuel card on the morning of the 20th, was "So the beginning of the eighth day has dawned. It is still cool. I have no water. I am waiting patiently. Come soon please. Fever wracked me last night. Hope you get my full log. Bill"
Discovery.
The crash site was discovered by French troops on 12 February 1962. Lancaster's body had been mummified, and his diary and personal effects had survived intact. The diary was returned to Miller, who allowed it to be published.
The wreck of the "Southern Cross Minor" was recovered in 1975. It now resides in the Queensland Museum in Brisbane but is now held in storage and no longer on public display.
Popular culture.
A TV miniseries called "The Lancaster Miller Affair" was made in Australia in 1985.
The 2009 movie "The Last Flight" is based on the French novel "Le dernier vol de Lancaster" by Sylvain Estibal, which is loosely based on the real life events surrounding the disappearance of Bill Lancaster.

</doc>
<doc id="18546801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18546801" title="Miss Tierra República Dominicana 2008">
Miss Tierra República Dominicana 2008

The Miss Tierra República Dominicana 2008 pageant was held on June 17, 2008. This year 40 candidates competed for the national crown. The winner represented the Dominican Republic at the Miss Earth 2008 beauty pageant, which was held in Manila. In this pageant the provinces are represented with the name of the provincial capital or city in the Province. The Miss República Dominicana Ecoturismo will enter Miss Eco-Turismo 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18546803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18546803" title="Christien">
Christien

Christien is a masculine given name, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18546812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18546812" title="Fifa 1994">
Fifa 1994

Fifa 1994 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18546813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18546813" title="Insinity">
Insinity

Insinity is the third studio album by Brazilian hard rock band Dr. Sin, released in 1997.
Special Guests.
Michael Vescera (ex-Yngwie Malmsteen and Loudness) on the track "No Rules".
Jonathan Mover (Steve Vai) on the tack "Insomnia" (2nd drums).
Marcelo Souss on the Keyboards.
Silvio Luis on the track "Futebol, Mulher e Rock n' Roll (Soccer, Woman and Rock N' Roll)".

</doc>
<doc id="18546821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18546821" title="Trial of Radovan Karadžić">
Trial of Radovan Karadžić

The Prosecutor v. Radovan Karadžić is a case before the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia in The Hague, Netherlands, concerning crimes allegedly committed during the Bosnian War by Radovan Karadžić, the former President of Republika Srpska.
Dabić alias.
Karadžić had been hiding disguised under the alias Dr. Dragan David Dabić ("Драган Давид Дабић") offering his services as a doctor of alternative medicine under the company name of "Human Quantum Energy".
He had lived in Jurija Gagarina Street 267 (Blok 45), in New Belgrade for 18 months (he had been in Belgrade for 3 years as "Dabić",) had a mane of long white hair and a long beard, and used glasses. Using a false ID, and going by the false name Dragan Dabić, he had been practicing at a private medical clinic, specializing in alternative medicine and claiming to be a neuro-psychiatrist.
He was able to walk around freely and appear in public without being identified, he spent his days at the local kafana "Luda kuća" drinking slivovitz, singing folk poetry, and playing Gusle (in front of the pictures of Karadžić and Mladic on the walls of the cafe). The website of Dabić's company at www.psy-help-energy.com was maintained by Zoran Pavlović of Pavlović Consulting, Belgrade. When interviewed by Belgrade's "Blic" newspaper, Pavlović stated that he had frequently met with Dabić, discussing alternative medicine, sports and sometimes politics, without the least suspicion of his true identity. He described Dabić as a friendly and eloquent individual towards whom he had felt sympathetic.
Dabić had published several articles in the "Zdrav život" ("Healthy Life") journal of alternative medicine since October 2007. Introduced as a "spiritual explorer", he also gave lectures comparing meditation techniques practiced by Orthodox monks. On 23 May 2008, Dabić gave a talk at the "Third Festival of Healthy Life" ("Treći Festival zdravog života") on the topic of "how to cherish one's own energies" ("Kako negovati sopstvene energije").
The editor of "Zdrav život", Goran Kojic, confirmed that Dabić appeared as a highly cultured and sympathetic man, speaking Serbian free of any Bosnian accent.
Serbia's Minister of Health Tomica Milosavljević stated that there was no registration for a Dragan or David Dabić as a licenced physician. The arrest came just two days before the ICTY's chief prosecutor, Serge Brammertz, was due to visit Serbia.
Capture evasion in Austria.
Karadžić evaded capture in May 2007 in Vienna, Austria, where he lived under another alias, "Petar Glumac", posing as a Croatian distributor of herbal solutions and ointments. The Austrian police talked to him during a raid regarding an unrelated homicide case in the area where Karadžić lived, but failed to recognize his real identity. He had a Croatian passport under the name Petar Glumac, and claimed to be in Vienna for training. Police did not ask any further questions nor demand to fingerprint him as he appeared calm and readily answered questions. His nephew Dragan Karadžić has claimed in an interview to the "Corriere della Sera" that Radovan Karadžić had attended football matches of Serie A, and visited Venice under the false identity of Petar Glumac.
Arrest and extradition.
Karadžić's arrest occurred on 21 July 2008 in Belgrade. However, UK's Channel 4 News reported that Karadžić's lawyer, Sveta Vujacić, stated "I'm 100 % sure that ... Radovan Karadžić was arrested on 18 July at half past nine (in the evening) ..." These claims were refuted by the president of the National Council for Cooperation with the Hague Tribunal Rasim Ljajić.
Milan Dilparić, an investigative judge at Serbia's special war crimes tribunal, terminated the investigation and ruled: "all conditions have been met for his transfer to the Hague to face trial before the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia. The decision could be appealed within 72 hours to the appeals board, and its decision is final. Karadžić was examined by a doctor, and would remain in a special detention unit of Serbia's war crimes court pending transfer to the UN tribunal. The "Daily Telegraph" reported that the former general of the Bosnian Serb army Ratko Mladic gave away the whereabouts of Karadžić in order to avoid prosecution from the Hague. It also reported that Mladic, with the help of his people, was talking about giving himself up.
A statement issued by the office of President Boris Tadić said: "Radovan Karadžić was located and arrested tonight was brought to the investigative judge of the War Crimes Court in Belgrade, in accordance with the law on cooperation with the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia." Serbian security forces were credited with having located and captured Karadžić, without any further details being given of the circumstances. Sources in the Serbian government told Reuters news agency he had been under surveillance for several weeks, following a tip-off from a foreign intelligence service. The arrest has been confirmed by the ICTY.
Karadžić was transferred to The Hague into ICTY custody on 30 July. He was detained in a jail cell Wednesday that Slobodan Milošević used. The jail is in a separate wing of a Dutch prison near the seaside resort of Scheveningen. Until acquittal or conviction, he will remain in the center, which has 84 cells, and locked up with 37 other detainees from the 1990 Balkan wars. Each cell (5.1 meters by 3 meters - 17 by 10 feet) has a shower, toilet, wash basin, and desk. Inmates enjoy computers (without Internet access), television channels, and have arts, languages, or sciences courses. Gym, outdoor courtyard, library, recreation room for darts, table tennis and board games are shared. After conviction, however, they would serve sentences in countries that volunteered to imprison them. Karadzic will appear before Judge Alphons Orie Thursday, in the tribunal, which has sentenced 56 accused since 1993.
The case before ICTY.
Karadžić is facing charges on 11 counts for genocide, crimes against humanity and severe breaches of the Geneva Convention for his role in the 1992-1995 Bosnian war, especially for the Srebrenica massacre of July 1995.
Consolidating two 1995 indictments into one single document, the current indictment against Karadžić (IT-95-5/18) was confirmed on 31 May 2000. Specifically, it includes one count of a grave breach of the Geneva conventions of 1949, three counts of violations of the laws or customs of war, two counts of genocide and five counts of crimes against humanity.
Karadžić announced he will represent himself during the trial. If convicted, his sentence could be the longest pronounced by the court, exceeding 40 years, which in practice amounts to a life sentence. Karadžić is expected to be tried before a three-judge panel in an open court with a tape-delayed feed; proceedings will be in English with Serbian translation. Judge Alphons Orie (Netherlands) was designated to hold a first interview with Karadžić on 31 July, with the purpose of establishing whether he understands the charges leveled against him. Orie will also present a first opportunity to Karadžić to plead "guilty" or "not guilty" to each of the 11 counts. Karadžić will be free to delay his plea for 30 days, after which, "not guilty" will automatically be entered on his behalf in the absence of a "guilty" plea.
He claimed there is a conspiracy against him and refused to enter a plea, therefore the court entered a plea of not guilty on his behalf to all 11 charges. He dismissed the tribunal chaired by Scottish judge Iain Bonomy, as a “court of NATO” disguised as a court of the international community. Karadzic insists on defending himself (as he is entitled to under the United Nations court's rules) while at the same time is setting up a team of advisers led by his Legal Advisor Peter Robinson of the United States. Judge Bonomy urged Karadžić to hire an attorney and set 20 January as a tentative date for a new status conference.
On 3 September 2010, judges warned that Karadžić's trial could take two years longer than expected and stretch into 2014 if prosecutors and Karadžić do not speed up the case.
Alleged Karadžić-Holbrooke deal.
On 31 July 2008, a summary of the charges were read out in court. Karadžić delayed his plea until 29 August 2008, due to the fact that an amended indictment is being prepared. Karadžić said he will enter his plea to the charges on 29 August. During his first hearing, Karadžić stated that Madeleine Albright, along with Richard Holbrooke, offered him a deal which would allow him not to get prosecuted for war crimes if he would disappear from public life and politics. According to Karadžić, Albright offered him to get out of the way and go to Russia, Greece, or Serbia and open a private clinic or to at least go to Bijeljina in northeastern Bosnia and Herzegovina. He also said that Holbrooke or Albright would like to see him disappear and expressed the fear for his life by saying "I do not know how long the arm of Mr Holbrooke or Mrs Albright is...or whether that arm can reach me here". Richard Holbrooke refuted such claims, calling them lies in a "Spiegel" interview shortly after Karadzic's arrest, but Muhamed Sacirbey, Bosnian foreign minister at the time, said that a Karadžić-Holbrooke deal that was made in July 1996 was indeed in existence, and former Bosnian Serb foreign minister Aleksa Buha claimed that he witnessed the agreement which was made during the night between 18 and 19 July 1996. Claims of such a deal were also investigated by journalists before the capture and trial of Karadžić.
After the allegations were broadcast internationally, the Serbian newspaper "Blic" claimed that Karadžić was under U.S. protection in exchange for him keeping a low profile and not participating in politics, quoting a "U.S. intelligence source" as saying that the protection ended in 2000 when the CIA intercepted a phone call of Karadžić in which it became apparent that Karadžić chaired a meeting of his old political party. Greek newspaper "Kathimerini" reported on 6 August 2008, that according to a Serbian newspaper, a former court official wrote a book claiming that the United States and other Western states had a deal with Karadžić, protected him from arrest, and a U.S. diplomat told Karadzic that he could hide in a NATO base.
Motion to disqualify.
In a 15 August 2008 letter to Fausto Pocar, president of The Hague tribunal, Karadžić moved to disqualify and replace presiding Dutch judge Alphons Orie, on the ground of "personal" interest and bias to convict him in order to reinforce and justify "draconian" sentences in his earlier ICTY cases against former Bosnian Serbs leaders: "There clearly cannot be any question of impartiality on his Orie's part. He would now be keen on having that ruling "upheld and somehow validated, which could be achieved through, inter alia, partial and biased conduct of the case against me". Karadžić also asked the other judges of Orie's chamber replaced. Preliminary investigations of tribunal cases are conducted by a judge, but trials are heard by a panel of three. The tribunal has no juries.
The Hague tribunal president, Fausto Pocar, replaced the whole judge panel on 21 August 2008. The new presiding judge will be Patrick Lipton Robinson.
Wiretaps.
In 2009, the prosecution presented recorded calls and transcripts of Karadžić's political speeches. In one Karadžić is quoted as saying "Sarajevo will be a black cauldron where Muslims will die," and that "They will disappear, that people will disappear from the face of the earth." In another Karadžić is quoted as saying that "Europe will be told to go fuck itself and not come back till the job is finished."
Hearings.
His subordinate during the war, Ratko Mladic, refused to testify at his trial despite an ICC subpeona. Calling the court "satanic," he added that "I do not want to testify and refuse to testify for reasons of my health and that it would prejudice my own case."
Tourist attraction tour.
After Karadžić's arrest, the venues associated with his underground period as an anonymous physician are being transformed into a place for tourist activities - there is already a special itinerary for tourists from his former quarter where he had been dwelling for years via the shop where he had been purchasing bread and coffee and taking a lunch to the edifice of the court, from where he has been delivered to the Hague Tribunal. The itinerary is increasingly popular not only for the local inhabitants but for foreign tourists as well.

</doc>
<doc id="18546826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18546826" title="Catch 21">
Catch 21

Catch 21 is an American game show centered on blackjack, created by Merrill Heatter (who also produced the show's predecessor "Gambit") and taped at the Hollywood Center Studios. The series is hosted by Alfonso Ribeiro, with actress Mikki Padilla as the card dealer.
The show's fourth and final season debuted on August 16, 2010.
Reruns currently air weekdays at 2PM Eastern on GSN, and are also seen on Bounce TV.
Gameplay.
Rounds 1 and 2.
Three contestants are each given a card to start a blackjack hand from an oversized, but otherwise standard, 52-card deck that was shuffled prior to taping. Ribeiro reads a multiple-choice question and the first contestant to answer correctly earns 100 points. The contestant who answered correctly can freeze their hand, preventing them from receiving additional cards, or reveal the next card from the top of the deck. After revealing the card, the contestant can accept it for themselves or pass it to one of their opponents who has not yet frozen. If the contestant in control keeps a card, he/she is given another chance to freeze. However, once a contestant has frozen, their opponents must freeze at a score higher than that contestant; ties are not permitted. A contestant is eliminated from the round if their hand exceeds 21.
The process is repeated with additional questions and cards until two contestants have frozen or bust. Any contestant whose score reaches 21 exactly instantly wins the round (plus a bonus prize beginning in Season 2 for the first 21, which is given to the contestant regardless of the outcome of the game). If two contestants bust, the remaining contestant automatically wins the round. If only one contestant has not yet frozen or busted, no additional questions are asked; the remaining contestant simply continues drawing cards until either beating the highest frozen hand or busting.
The winner of the round receives 500 points and a Power Chip to use in the bonus round, should he or she make it that far. After two rounds, the contestant with the lowest score is eliminated.
In the event of a tie for second place at the end of the second round, the tied contestants compete in a tiebreaker. Each contestant chooses either the first or second card from a pair of cards; the one with the higher card (aces are always high) advances to the final round. If both contestants have the same point value, another tiebreaker is played.
Round 3.
The two remaining contestants play one more round involving the same toss-up question format, but point scores are not kept. The contestant who wins the round receives $1,000 and two additional Power Chips (originally one), then moves on to the bonus round.
Bonus round.
The winner now controls three separate hands, each staked with one card. A new deck of 52-cards that has been shuffled and cut is used. Cards are drawn for the contestant, one at a time, and the contestant then chooses a hand in which to place each card. The contestant can use a Power Chip to dispose of an unwanted card. The contestant can end the round at any time if they fear the next card will cause them to bust on any of the three hands. However, using a Power Chip forces the contestant to place the next card in a hand, or use another chip if one is available; the contestant can only end the round after placing a card.
Getting 21 in one hand wins $1,000; in two hands wins $5,000; and if 21 is scored on all three hands, the contestant wins the grand prize of $25,000. If the contestant busts on any hand, they will lose all money earned in the bonus round, but retain the $1,000 (and bonus prize, if applicable) from the main game won earlier.
On some episodes in Season 2, the top prize was increased to $50,000 with the other payouts remaining the same.
Celebrity shows.
Beginning in Season 3, some episodes featured celebrities with a common bond playing for charity. During these episodes, the first contestant to hit 21 not only won the round but also $500 for their charity (in lieu of the bonus prize) and an additional Power Chip, increasing the maximum possible number of chips to five.

</doc>
<doc id="18546838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18546838" title="Washek Pfeffer">
Washek Pfeffer

Washek F. Pfeffer (born 1936) is a Czech-born US mathematician and Emeritus Professor at the University of California, Davis. Pfeffer is one of the world's pre-eminent authorities on real integration and has authored several books on the topic of integration, and numerous papers on these topics and others related to many areas of real analysis and measure theory. Pfeffer gave his name to the Pfeffer integral, which extends a Riemann-type construction for the integral of a measurable function both to higher-dimensional domains and, in the case of one dimension, to a superset of the Lebesgue integrable functions.

</doc>
<doc id="18546844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18546844" title="Peter Lorillard">
Peter Lorillard

Peter Lorillard may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18546846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18546846" title="1947 San Francisco 49ers season">
1947 San Francisco 49ers season

The 1947 AAFC season was the 49ers' second season. They began the season hoping to improve upon the previous season's output of 9–5, and they had a similar output this season, 8–4–2. The team did have its first tie in franchise history, a 28–28 standoff in Week 6 against the Baltimore Colts. For the second time in as many seasons, the 49ers placed 2nd in the West division, coming one spot short of playing in the league championship game.

</doc>
<doc id="18546849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18546849" title="Beijing Suburban Railway">
Beijing Suburban Railway

BCR ("Beijing City Rail") also known as Beijing Suburban Railway is a commuter rail service that connects urban Beijing with outlying districts and counties beyond the reach of the city's Beijing Subway network. The "S"-numbered suburban rail lines are managed by the Beijing Railway Bureau, an agency of the Ministry of Railways that is not affiliated with the Beijing Mass Transit Railway Operation Corp., Ltd, the municipal company that operates the subway. Hence, the S-Lines run on separate tracks and stations and have a different fare schedule from the subway. There is only one suburban railway line currently in operation, the S2. A total of six S-lines are planned to be built by 2020.
S-Line in operation.
The S2 Line, which runs from Beijing North Railway Station to Huailai County in Zhangjiakou, Hebei was the first S-line to enter into operation. It opened on 6 August 2008.
S-Lines under planning.
The S1 Line, also known as the Mentougou Line , currently in the advanced planning stages, will run from Mentougou District west of the city to Pingguoyuan, the western termini of Line 1 and Line 6 of the Beijing Subway. Construction was originally expected to begin in 2009, but was delayed to February 2011.
On August 10, 2009, the Beijing Municipal Railway Transport Construction Management Company announced that the Mentougou Line would be completed as a low-speed Maglev line, operating fully Chinese-made sets. Its maximum speed will be . The expected date for the start of trial operations is 2015. Construction of the line began on 28 February 2011.
According to plans as of August 2008, there will be six S-Lines by 2020 with a total length of that will span from the city centre to Mentougou, Miyun, Pinggu, Shunyi, Huangcun, and Fangshan. See planning map [http://www.cyol.net/metrotravel/content/2007-12/11/content_1990158.htm].

</doc>
<doc id="18546853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18546853" title="Anatoliy Shepel">
Anatoliy Shepel

Anatoliy Mykolayovych Shepel (, ; born on 12 December 1949 in Kiev, in the Ukrainian SSR of the Soviet Union) is a retired Ukrainian and Soviet football player.
International career.
Shepel played his only game for the USSR on 20 May 1974 in a friendly against Czechoslovakia.

</doc>
<doc id="18546902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18546902" title="Wakeham (surname)">
Wakeham (surname)

Wakeham is an English surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18546904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18546904" title="MathPath">
MathPath

MathPath is a mathematics enrichment summer program for students ages 11–14 (middle school age in the US). It is four weeks long, and moves to a different location each year. MathPath is visited by world-renowned mathematicians such as John H. Conway and Francis Su and is the sister camp of Mathcamp.
History.
MathPath was founded in 2002 by George Rubin Thomas, who had previously founded Mathcamp. His goal was to inspire and advance the most mathematically gifted middle school age students, through a summer camp.
Story of MathPath.
Academic out-of-school-programs for gifted students rising in grades 7 and 8 have existed for many years. They identified the students and placed them in suitable summer programs. Johns Hopkins University and Duke University have been leaders in the endeavor. Typically they chose students who were in the top 0.5%, 2% and the like from nationally recognized achievement tests.
George Rubin Thomas, a former college professor and the Executive Director of Mathcamp, one of the leading summer programs for mathematically talented high school students, saw the need for an intense program similar to Mathcamp but designed for students rising in grades 6 through 8. He recognized that, as in music, training suited to the very gifted should be provided at an early age. He saw that such training must go beyond the narrow focus at standard programs for the gifted and talented, and have a balanced approach to the several aspects of mathematical development of the high IQ young student, more balance than can be achieved at problem-solving-focus workshops in the various countries. He first proposed the idea to two fellow mathematicians with whom he ran Mathcamp. They said they did not have the time to be involved in yet another camp and that Thomas could start one if he liked. Starting a large national summer program is financially risky. Thomas, not wanting to jeopardise Mathcamp, struck out on his own. He discussed the idea with many mathematicians, and educators of gifted students. Among those were John Conway of Princeton University and Titu Andreescu, Executive Director of the American Mathematics Competitions. The encouragement he received prompted him to consult the parents of the very gifted. Their strong endorsement pushed the launch of this summer workshop. The name Mathpath was suggested by Professor John Conway. From the first camp in 2002, Conway has taught at the program. The quality of the program was helped immensely by professors Paul Zeitz and Stephen Maurer who joined the program in the following year.
The program is dedicated to nurturing emerging mathematical talent by providing a month-long summer gathering place - a place that has the highest residential standards, instructional programs suited to the extremely gifted, and developmental opportunities, both academic and social.
It was found that a suitable location for a program for the highly gifted young students would benefit from proximity to nature as well as opportunities for weekend trips. Black Hills State University in Spearfish, South Dakota, was selected as a suitable campus for the first camp.
The thrust of the program is four-fold: Teach how to write in mathematics, inculcate the importance of proof, familiarize the heuristics of problem solving, and provide a unified view of mathematics through its historical development. Some of the world's top experts who train the brightest young students would teach at Mathpath.
MathPath is now a non-profit organization run by a team of mathematicians and high school and middle school teachers of students gifted in mathematics. Thus, as happened to its sibling program Mathcamp, Mathpath too passed on to the mathematics community. 
More information
Subjects.
At MathPath, students learn about many math topics that are rarely taught in American schools, such as non-Euclidean geometry, advanced Euclidean geometry, number theory, combinatorics, induction, spherical trigonometry, mathematical origami, and the mathematics of card shuffling. They also learn some history of math and work on mathematical writing. Topics vary somewhat each year, depending on instructor interest. As well, students have the opportunity to prepare for contests such as MATHCOUNTS, AMC, or AIME.
Although much of the day is spent learning mathematics, there is deliberately more free time than at high school math camps. Also, students regularly go on weekend day trips and visit the surrounding area's attractions.
Staff.
Regular Staff.
Regular staff are those who come almost every year. Usually they come for 2–4 weeks, but a few come for only one week. Most of the regular staff members have an in-camp nickname.
Visiting Staff.
Visiting staff are participants for one year or occasional years. Usually they attend for one week, or for a day or two to give a few lectures. Often they are faculty at the host institution or nearby institutions. A sampling of guest staff from recent years:
For more information see The MathPath Faculty Webpage. A new version is put up a few months before each summer's program.
Activities.
Typical weekday schedule.
NOTE: Every year's schedule varies slightly (around 15 minutes). Look on the MathPath website (www.mathpath.org) for the exact schedule for the year.
On Saturday, the afternoon activities are a little different.
On weekends, students usually go on a day trip to the surrounding attractions or participate in other activities, such as biking, white water rafting, rock climbing, or hiking. Chess, ping pong, pool, Rubik's Cube, Set and Magic: The gathering tournaments are played and organized during the students' free time.
Admissions.
MathPath is selective. The primary criterion for admission is the applicant's work on the yearly Qualifying Test. One begins the application process by filling out an online information form. An academic and nonacademic reference are also required. Admission is done on a rolling basis. For details, see How to Apply. Also available: financial aid, merit scholarships for high scores on various competitions, and fee reductions for paying early.

</doc>
<doc id="18546919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18546919" title="Second Sydney Airport">
Second Sydney Airport

The Second Sydney Airport is an ongoing proposition for another airport to supplement or replace the existing Kingsford Smith Airport in Sydney, Australia. Estimated to cost between $6 and $8 billion, governments, grappling with the issue since the 1940s, are yet to pursue the issue to anything beyond some preliminary investigations and some precautionary land acquisition.
Since the construction of Kingsford Smith, aviation in Sydney has grown significantly. Between 1985-86 and 2011-12 total passenger movements through Sydney more than tripled from 9.5 million to 36.0 million. Almost half of all scheduled flights in Australia land or take off at Kingsford Smith, and the airport dealt with 45% of international passengers in 1998.
The Gillard Government released a technical study into the feasibility of Wilton as an airport site in May 2013. As the end of its term in 2013, the Australian Labor Party supported the concept of a second airport, but had not chosen a site for the infrastructure. The federal Opposition is split on the issue, with prominent Sydney-based ministers, including Joe Hockey and Scott Morrison, supporting the Badgerys Creek site while the Opposition Leader Tony Abbott has not committed to constructing an airport at all. NSW Premier Barry O'Farrell strongly opposes an airport being built in Sydney, favouring increasing capacity at Kingsford Smith and building a high-speed rail connection between Sydney and Canberra Airport. According to the "Joint Study on Aviation Capacity for the Sydney Region" released in 2012, Canberra Airport is not located close enough to the Sydney market to take the role of Sydney’s second regular public transport airport.
History.
In 1962 the state parliament debated the need for a second airport. It was decided that it should be built because Kingsford Smith had little room to expand. However the need was not urgent and it was decided to defer the planning and construction for at least 10 years. A new government body, the State Planning Authority (SPA) was created to oversee the future development of the region. The SPA had the primary task of planning the development of the new airport and the development of housing sites in the Western Sydney area to suit the growth of Sydney as the major city in Australia.
The SPA created a "no development zone" around the Badgerys Creek area in 1964 that would last for 20 years. This would give the government time to plan the airport and the infrastructure for it. This included roads and rail, and flight paths. Sydney was growing fast without the SPA the area would have been subdivided and redeveloped and the airport would have cost far more to build.
There was a strong reaction from farmers who owned land in Badgerys Creek. Some wanted to subdivide and take a profit; some wanted to stay and farm the land. Every change of government saw a change to the airport planning and further delays while the politicians tried to buy the now valuable land at a low price and dislodge those who could remember back to 1962 and could see a huge profit from holding out.
Around Badgerys Creek 20-litre paint tin lids with crude messages for the SPA were nailed to trees and power poles. These messages stayed until they rusted away and fell off, some lasting 20 years. It is interesting to note that planning for a second airport in Melbourne and Sydney started at the same time, but Melbourne opened its airport in 1970.
At the time of the original planning, the Badgerys Creek flight paths were over farm land to the south and over the sparsely-populated suburb of Doonside to the north. Aircraft noise would not have been a problem and land would have been marked as Aircraft noise affected, had the plans been revealed.
1970s - 1986: MANS Study.
Planning for a second airport for Sydney commenced in the 1970s with the Major Airport Needs of Sydney (MANS) intergovernmental group established to select a site. In 1983 the newly elected Labor Federal Government hoped for quick decision, but it was not until 1986 that recommendations were made: Wilton or Badgerys Creek. The federal government under Bob Hawke decided upon Badgerys Creek, but in 1989 it also made the decision to permit the construction of the third runway at Kingsford Smith. This resulted in a great deal of political fallout, and the Keating Government made limited moves towards the new airport at Badgerys Creek.
1999: Badgerys Creek.
At the 1996 election, then Australian Prime Minister John Howard announced that he would explore the option of a second airport at Holsworthy, but that option was rejected in 1998 and Badgerys Creek was confirmed as the preferred site in 1999. Commentators doubted if a major second airport for Sydney would ever be built, with a report given to the government in 1999 recommending that regional air travel be shifted to Bankstown Airport, a new general aviation airport be built at Badgerys Creek, a fast train between Sydney and Canberra be established, and investigation made on extension of the fast train to Melbourne and Brisbane.
2000: Stalled.
In December 2000 the Federal Government decided not to build the second airport and also shelved the very fast train scoping study, while keeping regional airlines at Kingsford Smith and expanding Bankstown and Canberra airports. In December 2003 John Anderson, the then transport minister, said "following exhaustive examination it is clear the existing airport at Mascot will be able to handle air traffic demands for a long time to come".
2004–08: More studies.
In May 2004 it was revealed that State and Federal parliaments had investigated the possibility of establishing the second Sydney airport at Well's Creek, not far from the townships of Sutton Forest, Berrima and Exeter. Before long however this option was discounted.
The issue arose again in 2008, following the 2007 election of the Rudd Government. Convinced that capacity at the current airport would be exhausted, it began a search for a new site. The Federal Government wanted the second airport to be "outside" the Sydney basin and said it would examine alternatives from the Southern Highlands, to Newcastle and inland. Various options, including a freight-only airport operation, Camden, or converting part or all of RAAF Richmond and Canberra (or its nearby towns) as passenger and freight terminals were to be investigated for feasibility. Bankstown and Badgerys Creek, according to sources, were not to be included.
2009: Canberra Airport proposal.
In 2009, Canberra Airport management proposed that its facility would be the most appropriate location for a second Sydney airport, provided that a high speed rail link (HSR) was built that reduced travel times between the cities to 50 minutes. Given existing development within the Sydney basin, a HSR link would probably be required whatever site is chosen, yet the Canberra option would potentially be cheaper overall. Existing infrastructure, such as the runways, terminals and navigational aids, would negate the need to develop a greenfields airport site. The estimated cost (in 2009) of the Sydney-to-Canberra link was 8 billion to $10 billion.
2009–12: Joint Federal/NSW Government study.
On Friday 2 March 2012 the Federal Transport Minister Anthony Albanese released a 3200 page joint report costing $8m into Sydney's aviation capacity needs. Commissioned by the minister in 2009, the report was prepared by both state and federal bureaucrats, and private sector representatives. It examined 34 potential airport sites.
The studies major finding was that Badgerys Creek was "clearly the best site for a much-needed second airport for Sydney", describing the area as "the logical and most cost-effective site for another airport" The report also "calls for planning to begin on a second airport at Badgerys Creek" Badgerys' has been recommended by planners as an airport site since 1979, where 1700ha of land was acquired from 1986-1991 for an international airport, but in recent years has been rejected by both Labor and coalition politicians.
The full report: http://www.infrastructure.gov.au/aviation/sydney_av_cap/index.aspx
Full capacity by 2027.
Sydney Airport is struggling to accommodate the demand for flights into and out of the city and, by 2027, the airport will not be able to accommodate any extra flights. The Sydney region passenger demand is forecast to more than double to 87 million passengers by 2035, and to double again by 2060.
The study showed another airport was needed by 2030 if Sydney was to keep growing at current rates. The study said this would delay flights across the country.
Mascot upgrades.
The study "advocates keeping the existing 11pm to 6am curfew for flights to Sydney's Mascot airport." But it did recommend lifting the movement cap at Sydney Airport from 80 to 85 flights an hour. Albanese ruled out raising the movement cap.
When releasing the document Albanese reiterated that the government would not build an airport at Badgerys Creek. Albanese instead said the government would begin planning studies for the second-best airport site, Wilton, further to the south-west. The report said Wilton would probably not attract enough business to be viable before 2030." The NSW Premier, Barry O'Farrell, opposes a second airport in the Sydney basin, and has revived that idea of using Canberra Airport, linked to Sydney by high speed rail. NSW Minister for Transport, Gladys Berejiklian has supported this, but the report says that this option is not feasible.
New airport construction costs.
Single-runway airport: 
Parallel-runway International airport:
2013: Increasing support for Badgerys Creek.
In 2013 Bob Meyer, planner at Cox Richardson Architects, presented a report that said only 2913 homes would be moderately impacted by aircraft noise if Badgerys Creek International Airport goes ahead. Most of the land surrounding the 17,000 hectare airport site is slated for industrial development, not residential, as part of the Western Sydney Employment Area.
In February 2013 an alliance of Western Sydney councils (WSROC) reversed their position against an airport at Badgerys Creek, with a majority of members now supporting the site, citing economic value to the area. The Gillard Government further made clear it supported a second airport located in Sydney, but was awaiting a report due in March regarding the feasibility of their preferred Wilton location. While in Opposition, the Abbott-led Coalition did not commit to a position on that matter, but prominent shadow ministers, including Joe Hockey, voiced their support for an airport at Badgerys Creek. The NSW Government has remained firm in its opposition to any Sydney location, favouring spending infrastructure dollars on a high speed rail link to Canberra. The Sydney Airport Corporation continues to claim Kingsford-Smith has sufficient capacity.
In October 2013 "The Daily Telegraph" reported that Treasurer Joe Hockey had nominated a second Sydney airport at Badgerys Creek as one of the key infrastructure projects needed to stimulate the slowing Australian economy. The newspaper had earlier that month quoted Infrastructure Minister Warren Truss saying that "Badgerys Creek was chosen as the best site decades ago and is government-owned." In response to this news, "The Sydney Morning Herald" and "The Daily Telegraph" both reported that Qantas supported the proposal for establishing a curfew-free airport at Badgerys Creek, with Qantas, Jetstar and Qatar Airways saying they would use a Badgerys Creek airport for commercial flights.
In March 2014, the Sydney Morning Herald published a poll showing a 72% of NSW voters wanted an airport at Badgerys Creek.

</doc>
<doc id="18546962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18546962" title="Białystok Department">
Białystok Department

The Białystok Department (German: "Kammerdepartement Bialystok", Polish:"Departament białostocki") was part of the New East Prussia Province of the Kingdom of Prussia from 1795 to 1807. It was created out of territory annexed in the Third Partition of Poland and included parts of Podlaskie.
Geography.
The Białystok Department encompassed territory between East Prussia and the Bug River and Neman river. 
Administrative Subdivisions.
The Department consisted of the following Counties 

</doc>
<doc id="18546978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18546978" title="Vaden">
Vaden

Vaden may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18546998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18546998" title="Leonid Shmuts">
Leonid Shmuts

Leonid Mykolayovych Shmuts (, ; born October 8, 1948 in Nikopol) is a retired Ukrainian and Soviet football player.
International career.
Shmuts made his debut for USSR on February 19, 1971 in a friendly against Mexico national football team. He was selected for the 1970 FIFA World Cup squad, but did not play in any games at the tournament.
Own goal.
Shmuts is well known for the own goal that he scored in the Soviet league game against FC Ararat on April 17, 1971. Shumts was going to throw the ball to his team-mate and had already taken his hand with the ball back, but suddenly noticed that an Ararat player could intercept the ball and stopped the movement. The ball left his hand and crossed the goal line. That was the only goal in the game. This mistake was a heavy blow for the goalkeeper who never returned to his previous level of playing and never played again for the national team.

</doc>
<doc id="18547034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547034" title="Vasilyev brothers">
Vasilyev brothers

Georgi Vasilyev (, 1899 – 1946) and Sergei Vasilyev (, 1900 – 1959), usually credited as Vasilyev brothers () were two namesake Russian Soviet film directors and screenwriters . In spite of the fact that the two collaborators weren't actually relatives, they accepted the popular misunderstanding that they were brothers and used it in the credits to their movies.
Collaboration.
The two Vasilyevs became acquainted in 1925 on cinema production facilities in Moscow. After the merge of two cinema organisations, "Goskino" and the Moscow branch of "Sevzapkino", into the monolite "Sovkino" (later known as Lenfilm) they found themselves working in the same editing room.
They often worked jointly on editing films. The feature-length documentary "Heroic Deed Among the Ice" (premiered on October 23, 1928) was their first directing experience. In the credits of their next (and their first feature film), "The Sleeping Beauty", they called themselves the Vasilyev brothers for the first time. The 1934 film "Chapaev" brought the Vasilyev brothers worldwide professional recognition and countrywide fame. The film's premiere took place on November 5 in the Leningrad cinema theatre "Titan". Instantly, the film became one of the most popular ones in entire history of Soviet cinema: only within a year after its release the picture was watched by over 30 million people.

</doc>
<doc id="18547046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547046" title="Wollongong United">
Wollongong United

Wollongong United is an Australian soccer club based in Wollongong, currently participating in the Illawarra Premier League. The club played in the 1991 season of the National Soccer League under the name Wollongong Macedonia, where it finished last.
History.
Formed in 1976 by the "Macedonian Orthodox Community of Wollongong", the club was originally established on behalf of the Macedonian Australian community of Wollongong. With a huge supporter base, the club was originally known as Wollongong United Soccer Club. Since then it has also been known as Wollongong Macedonia, as represented in the National Soccer League (NSL) 1990.
Upon entering the Premier League in the Illawarra Second division, the club quickly advanced in 1980 to enter the NSW Second division finishing second at season end on its first attempt.
In 1986, the Club reached the top competition in NSW Division 1, now called Super League. In 1989, the Wollongong United F.C completed the season undefeated, to this day, the only club in NSW to do so. This success lead the club to the pinnacle of Australian soccer, playing in the NSL.
1991-2004 Between 1991 and 2004, the club played in the NSW State League with a strong, consistent representation in both junior and senior ranks.
In 2004 the Club evaluated its position and it was deemed, in the best interests of the Club, its members, supporters and sponsors to return to the local Illawarra Football Association. In 2005, the Club competed in the IFA First Division with an aim to return to the IFA Premier League. Wollongong United finished second and gained promotion into the Premier League for the 2006 season. It is still in the Premier league.

</doc>
<doc id="18547055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547055" title="Meet the Ancestors">
Meet the Ancestors

Meet the Ancestors aka Ancestors was a BBC Television documentary series that documented the archaeological excavation and scientific reconstruction of human remains. The series was introduced by archaeologist Julian Richards and often included facial reconstructions by Caroline Wilkinson.

</doc>
<doc id="18547064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547064" title="Esther Wojcicki">
Esther Wojcicki

Esther Denise Hochman "Woj" Wojcicki and vice chair of the Creative Commons board of directors. Wojcicki has been a pioneer in exploring the interface between education and technology. She is a Board Certified Teacher certified by the [http://www.nbpts.org/ National Board for Professional Teaching Standards She was first certified in 2000 and renewed her credential in 2010 which will expire in 2020.
Education and career.
Wojcicki was valedictorian of her high school class, and graduated from UC Berkeley with a B.A. in English and Political Science. She received a secondary teaching credential from UC Berkeley, as well as a graduate degree from the Graduate School of Journalism at Berkeley. She has an advanced degree in French and French History from the Sorbonne, and both a Secondary School Administrative Credential and a M.A. in Educational Technology from San Jose State University. 
Wojcicki has taught at Palo Alto High School since 1984, where she currently teaches journalism and English. There she began the journalism program which has grown to become one of the largest in the nation. She has worked as a professional journalist for multiple publications and blogs regularly for The Huffington Post.
Wojcicki was the 1990 Northern California Journalism teacher of the year, and was selected as the California Teacher of the Year in 2002 by the California Commission on Teacher Credentialing. She served on the University of California Office of the President Curriculum Committee where she helped revise the beginning and advanced journalism curriculum for the state of California. In 2009, she was awarded the Gold Key by Columbia Scholastic Press Association in recognition of outstanding devotion to the cause of the school press. Wojcicki is also on the Board of Trustees of the Developmental Studies Center and on the Board of Governors of the Alliance for Excellent Education. She serves as Chairman of the Board of Learning Matters.
Family.
Wojcicki is the oldest of three children, and was the first in her family to attend college. Both of Wojcicki's parents were Russian-Jewish immigrants who came to New York City in the 1930s. Her family moved to Southern California after she was born. 
Her husband is Stanford University professor of physics Stanley Wojcicki. They have three daughters: Susan (CEO of YouTube), Janet, a Fulbright-winning pediatrician and researcher, and Anne (co-founder of 23andMe), and eight grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="18547067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547067" title="Anatoliy Shulzhenko">
Anatoliy Shulzhenko

Anatoliy Oleksiyovych (or Anatoli Alekseyevich) Shulzhenko () (17 February 1945 - 8 July 1997) is a retired Ukrainian and Soviet football player.
International career.
Shulzhenko played his only game for USSR on 28 April 1971 in a friendly against Bulgaria.

</doc>
<doc id="18547070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547070" title="Pfeffer integral">
Pfeffer integral

In mathematics, the Pfeffer integral is an integration technique created by Washek Pfeffer as an attempt to extend the Henstock integral to a multidimensional domain. This was to be done in such a way that the fundamental theorem of calculus would apply analogously to the theorem in one dimension, with as few preconditions on the function under consideration as possible. The integral also permits analogues of the chain rule and other theorems of the integral calculus for higher dimensions.
Definition.
The construction is based on the Henstock or gauge integral, however Pfeffer proved that the integral, at least in the one dimensional case, is less general than the Henstock integral. It relies on what Pfeffer refers to as a set of bounded variation, this is equivalent to a Caccioppoli set. The Riemann sums of the Pfeffer integral are taken over partitions made up of such sets, rather than intervals as in the Riemann or Henstock integrals. A gauge is used, exactly as in the Henstock integral, except that the gauge function may be zero on a negligible set.
Properties.
Pfeffer defined a notion of generalized absolute continuity formula_1, close to but not equal to the definition of a function being formula_2, and proved that a function is Pfeffer integrable iff it is the derivative of an formula_1 function. He also proved a chain rule for the Pfeffer integral. In one dimension his work as well as similarities between the Pfeffer integral and the McShane integral indicate that the integral is more general than the Lebesgue integral and yet less general than the Henstock integral.

</doc>
<doc id="18547072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547072" title="Chizkiyahu Nebenzahl">
Chizkiyahu Nebenzahl

Chizkiyahu Nebenzahl is the current Rabbi of the Old City of Jerusalem.
Nebenzahl is the youngest son of Rabbi Avigdor Nebenzahl, the previous Rabbi of the Old City. He also serves on the faculty of Yeshivat Netiv Aryeh.

</doc>
<doc id="18547074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547074" title="Alive (Dr. Sin album)">
Alive (Dr. Sin album)

Alive is an album by Brazilian hard rock band Dr. Sin. It was recorded during the '1997/1998' concerts. This album contains 7 live tracks and 2 new studio tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="18547083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547083" title="Uncial 061">
Uncial 061

Uncial 061 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), α 1035 (Soden); is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament, dated palaeographically to the 5th century.
Description.
The codex contains a part of the First Epistle to Timothy (3:15-16; 4:1-3; 6:2-8), on two small leaves (14 cm by 12 cm), both damaged. The text is written in one column per page, 19 lines per page. 
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type with some singular readings. Aland placed it in Category V.
Codex 061 is cited in the Textual Apparatus of the UBS-4, but not in that of the Nestle-Aland edition. It has a singular reading of ᾧ ἐφανερώθη ("he revealed") in 1 Timothy 3:16.
It is dated by the INTF to the 9th century.
The codex is located now in Louvre (Ms. E 7332), in Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="18547138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547138" title="Ancient Aliens">
Ancient Aliens

Ancient Aliens is an American television series that premiered on April 20, 2010 on the History channel. Produced by Prometheus Entertainment, the program presents hypotheses of ancient astronauts and proposes that historical texts, archaeology and legends contain evidence of past human-extraterrestrial contact. The show has been criticized for presenting pseudoscience and pseudohistory.
The series' "de facto" pilot was a TV special of the same name that aired on March 8, 2009. Season four premiered on February 17, 2012 but on H2 instead of the History channel. Season 6 premiered on September 30, 2013.
Production.
The executive producer of "Ancient Aliens" is Kevin Burns, who also directed and wrote the pilot episode. Giorgio A. Tsoukalos serves as consulting producer and appeared on screen in the pilot. Erich von Däniken appeared in the pilot episode, and UFO researcher C. Scott Littleton served as an expert consultant for the show until his death in 2010.
Radio talk show host George Noory spoke in five episodes, including the pilot. Reverend Barry Downing, known for describing angels in the Bible as ancient astronauts, offered his viewpoints in the pilot episode. Psychologist Jonathan Young, who brings a mythological perspective, appears on screen in every episode but the first pilot. Alternative History author David Hatcher Childress, speaks frequently in most episodes.
Reception.
The program had 1.676 million viewers in late October 2010, in mid-December (for the "Unexplained Structures" episode) and in late January 2011 it had 
Some reviewers have characterized the show as "far-fetched", "hugely speculative", and "...expound wildly on theories suggesting that astronauts wandered the Earth freely in ancient times." Many of the ideas presented in the show are not accepted by the scientific community, and have been criticized as pseudoscience and pseudohistory. History professor Ronald H. Fritze observed that pseudoscience as offered by von Däniken and the "Ancient Aliens" program has a periodic popularity in the US: "In a pop culture with a short memory and a voracious appetite, aliens and pyramids and lost civilizations are recycled like fashions."
Forbes.com contributor Brad Lockwood criticized "Ancient Aliens" as an example of the History Channel's addition of "programs devoted to monsters, aliens and conspiracies", commenting that, ""Ancient Aliens" defies all ability to suspend disbelief for the sake of entertainment." Forbes.com staff writer Alex Knapp also criticized the series and cited archaeologist Keith Fitzpatrick-Matthews' rebuke of the History Channel for "treating (Ancient Aliens) nonsense as though it were fact."
Smithsonian.com science writer Brian Switek was extremely critical of the series, particularly an episode that suggested "aliens exterminated dinosaurs to make way for our species". He characterized the show as "some of the most noxious sludge in television’s bottomless chum bucket."
In popular culture.
"South Park" parodied the show in an episode entitled "A History Channel Thanksgiving" (November 11, 2011, episode 15.13). Reviewer Ramsey Isler commented, "The aim is placed squarely on "Ancient Aliens" specifically," and described the animation as "a perfect satire of all the ridiculousness of this series, including the black and white art with aliens photoshopped in, and interviews with people of dubious authority."
In a June 2011 "Rolling Stone" interview, singer Katy Perry commented that she had become "obsessed" with the show, saying, "When it talks about the sky people, how everyone comes from the sky and how the Pyramids were used for star observations, it's too much for me. It all seems to connect the dots. It's blowing my mind."
In a March 2012 appearance on "The Ellen DeGeneres Show", actress Megan Fox remarked that she "loved" "Ancient Aliens". Ellen agreed the show and its theories were "thought-provoking."

</doc>
<doc id="18547154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547154" title="Jonny Vang">
Jonny Vang

Jonny Vang is a Norwegian film from 2003. It was directed by Jens Lien after a script by Ståle Stein Berg. The music was composed by the band Calexico. The plot is a drama-comedy from the Norwegian countryside, where the protagonist Jonny Vang is frustrated in his efforts to prosper as a breeder of earthworms. The film was reasonably well received by critics, and was awarded an Amanda Award for "Best Actor" in 2003.
Plot.
Jonny Vang (Aksel Hennie) lives on the Norwegian countryside, where he is trying to establish a business breeding earthworms. His ambitions to expand are thwarted by the bank manager (Trond Brænne), who will not lend him the necessary money. He lives with his mother Brita (Marit Andreassen) and her difficult friend Odvar (Bjørn Sundquist). On top of all of this, he is also carrying out an affair with Tuva (Laila Goody)the wife of his best friend Magnus (Fridtjov Såheim). Things get even worse when an unknown assailant knocks him over the head with a shovel.
Production.
"Jonny Vang" was director Jens Lien's debut as a feature film director. Lien had previously established himself as a director of television advertisements. He had also been represented twice at the Cannes International Film Festival, with short films. He described the film as "a drama comedy, a juicy story, life, lust and rock 'n' roll. It's a dead serious comedy."
Lien originally considered Hennie too young for the role, but the actor was persistent, and finally persuaded the director that he was the right man for the part. The movie, where the story takes place in Gudbrandsdalen, was filmed in the town of Fåvang.
To get Calexico's permission to use their music in the film, Lien had to travel to the U.S. in person. He brought with him an unfinished version of the film, but the only place where he could play the VHS tape was at a nearby rental store, where 30 customers joined the band and the director, who had to simultaneously translate the plot. The music is a mix of traditional American and Mexican music, and is gathered from the band's albums "Spoke" (1997), "The Black Light" (1998) and "Hot Rail" (2000).
Reception.
"Jonny Vang" was reasonably well received by the Norwegian press. The newspaper "Dagbladet" gave the film four out of six points, and commended it for good scenes, yet found it somewhat predictable. The reviewer mentioned Calexico's soundtrack as one of the best parts of the movie. "Aftenposten"'s Per Haddal awarded five out of six points, and believed the movie was a well functional comedy. Also Haddal commended the choice of music.
International reviewers were less enthusiastic. Variety complimented the actors' performances, but found that the movie did not "have a great deal of drive or momentum". The reviewer at the Swedish website "DVD forum" jokingly said that he laughed often, so he hoped it was a comedy. Generally content with the movie, he found Hennie's performance somewhat "theatrical".
Aksel Hennie was awarded an Amanda Award for "Best Actor" for his effort in the film in 2003. The movie was also nominated in the category "Best Film", but lost out to Bent Hamer's "Salmer fra kjøkkenet". Hennie also won the "Best Actor" award at the Brussels European Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="18547192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547192" title="Weightlifting at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's 48 kg">
Weightlifting at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's 48 kg

The women's 48 kg weightlifting event is the lightest women's event at the weightlifting competition, limiting competitors to a maximum of 48 kilograms of body mass. The competition took place on August 9 at 10:00 and was the first Weightlifting event to conclude. It was the second set of medals to be awarded at the Games, a few moments after the women's 10m Air Rifle.
Each lifter performed in both the snatch and clean and jerk lifts, with the final score being the sum of the lifter's best result in each. The athlete received three attempts in each of the two lifts; the score for the lift was the heaviest weight successfully lifted.
Schedule.
All times are China Standard Time ()
Records.
Prior to this competition, the existing world and Olympic records were as follows.

</doc>
<doc id="18547200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547200" title="Jum-Hwan Choi">
Jum-Hwan Choi

Jum Hwan Choi (born 1963-06-09, Korea) is an ex-boxer in the Flyweight division.
Career history.
Choi turned professional in 1983 and in 1986 captured the Vacant IBF Light Flyweight Title with a decision win over Cho-Woon Park. He defended the belt three times before losing it to Tacy Macalos in a rematch in 1988. He moved down in weight to beat Napa Kiatwanchai for the WBC minimumweight title the following year, but lost the belt in his first defense to Hideyuki Ohashi by knockout, and retired after the loss. 

</doc>
<doc id="18547212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547212" title="Phill Feltham">
Phill Feltham

Phill Feltham is a Canadian journalist who works full-time as the Managing Editor for Electricity Today Magazine and Electrical Source Magazine. Feltham also co-owns Open Reel Entertainment, Incorporated, with long-time friend and fellow journalist Victor Penney. Under Open Reel, Phill solely operates the travel website, The Weekly Wanderer. He opened The Weekly Wanderer while living in Taiwan so he would not lose his journalism skills. Feltham is the sole-proprietor of Metro Divisions Media, his long-time freelance business. Feltham was also Senior Editor for Maximum Fitness Magazine for over three and a half years (January 2007 to September 2010).
Phill Feltham received his diploma in print and broadcast journalism at Humber College in Toronto. He graduated his journalism program with honors in 2003. During his time at Humber, Phill worked with a variety of media outlets including Global Television, Rogers Television, and the Etobicoke Guardian.
Career.
Feltham started his journalism career as the editor for Electricity Today, a North American electrical trade publication, based out of Pickering, Ontario. In early 2005, he left Electricity Today to teach English in Taiwan.
During his two-year stint as a teacher, Feltham did freelancing gigs for many of Taiwan's English magazines and websites including Taiwan Fun, Centered in Taipei and the now defunct 24 Seven. Feltham also started The Weekly Wanderer travel blog as a way to maintain contact with other fellow Canadian journalists and as a way to maintain and improve his journalism skills.
Less than two months after his return to Canada, Feltham was brought on as Senior Editor of Maximum Fitness magazine and worked until his departure in September 2010. In January 2011, he became Senior Editor for Electrical Source Magazine, a Canadian electrical trade publication that reaches electrical engineering personnel and electrical contractors. In May 2011, Feltham became Managing Editor of Electrical Source Magazine. He also, once again, took on the editorial duties of Electricity Today Magazine. In October 2012, Feltham was appointed the Executive Editor for both magazines.
Feltham was featured in the pages of Maximum Fitness showcasing his weight loss. He lost almost 100 pounds. Phill recently became a certified Personal Training Specialist (PTS) with CanFitPro.

</doc>
<doc id="18547236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547236" title="David Brevik">
David Brevik

David Brevik is a video game designer and producer known as the co-founder of Blizzard North (back then under the name Condor Inc.), the highly successful video game company behind titles such as the "Diablo" series. 
Biography.
Brevik grew up in the San Francisco Bay Area and was educated at California State University, Chico from 1986 to 1991.
Following his position as lead technical director at Iguana Entertainment, Brevik left to form Condor / Blizzard North, holding a position as president on the company from September 1993 to 2003. GameSpot named him as 1996's fourth most influential person in computer gaming for his role in the inception and development of "Diablo".
Brevik resigned from Blizzard and co-founded Flagship Studios (in 2003) as well as Ping0 (in 2006), a sister company to Flagship Studios. After the company dissolved it was announced that he was appointed new creative director for Turbine and its new West coast studio. 
In 2009, David Brevik began at Gazillion Entertainment in San Mateo, California working in the Gargantuan Studio. In 2011, Gargantuan became Secret Identity Studios and David Brevik was named president and chief operating officer of Gazillion Entertainment.

</doc>
<doc id="18547262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547262" title="Tor Røste Fossen">
Tor Røste Fossen

Tor Røste Fossen (born 19 June 1940) is a Norwegian former football player and coach. He played for Rosenborg from 1964 to 1971, earning two Norwegian Premier League titles and one Norwegian Cup championship. He coached several Norwegian clubs besides coaching the Norway national football team during ten years 1978–1987.
Biography.
Fossen grew up in Kolbu and Vågå. He came to Trondheim in 1962 where he played as goalkeeper in Rosenborg. Until 1969 Fossen played 55 matches in the top division. In 1970 a new goalkeeper, Geir Karlsen, arrived at Rosenborg, and Fossen was benched. He then became assistant coach under George Curtis, and in 1972 head coach together with Nils Arne Eggen coaching Rosenborg to the double, winning both the league and the cup titles. Fossen continued without Eggen 1973–1974, and the team became second both in the league and in the cup 1973. Fossen coached Start 1975–1977 to bronze medal in the league 1975. Besides this Fossen also coached Norway national team for juniors 1972–1976. 
From 1978 to 1987 Fossen coached the Norway national football team. One of the victories in Fossen's time as Norway manager was the 2–1 win against England in the 1982 World cup qualification. This victory is eternalized by radio reporter Bjørge Lillelien. Fossen coached Norway in the 1984 Olympics.
Later Fossen coached Frigg Oslo, together with Hallvar Thoresen, Faaberg, and Strømsgodset, together with Einar Sigmundstad, winning the 1991 Norwegian Football Cup, beating Rosenborg 3–1 in the final. His last post as a coach was in Frigg Oslo before taking over other managerial tasks in the club. Fossen retired 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18547267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547267" title="Canyon Springs High School (North Las Vegas, Nevada)">
Canyon Springs High School (North Las Vegas, Nevada)

Canyon Springs High School is a public high school in North Las Vegas, Nevada and is part of the Clark County School District. Canyon Springs is also home to the Leadership and Law Preparatory Academy and was one of three (including Del Sol High School and Spring Valley High School) schools opened by the district in 2004.
Leadership and Law Preparatory Academy.
Canyon Springs houses the Leadership and Law Preparatory Academy, a college preparatory academy that made Canyon Springs the second school in the Clark County School District (aside from the Advanced Technologies Academy) to offer a four-year program in legal studies. The campus includes a law library and a fully functioning courtroom.
Magnet students are required to be proficient with Office applications and the use of digital media to create projects through visual mediums. All magnet students are offered the use of Apple Powerbook laptops to work on their theme related projects.
Extracurricular activities.
Canyon Springs is home to many academic and social clubs as well as a section of the United States Air Force Junior Reserve Officers' Training Corps, consisting of over 250 students. The Canyon Spring High School marching band played in London for the New Year's Day Parade. The Pioneer marching band has also played for the 2010 Harry Reid rally featuring President Obama. Canyon Springs also has its own television station, KCSL TV 6, which is produced by its own students and contains programs that discuss issues on campus.
Canyon Springs has recently gotten a new club on campus. Ballet Folklorico is a dance of many Mexican cultures. They have performed with the mariachi Alma del cañon.
Athletics.
The athletic teams at Canyon Springs are known as the Pioneers and compete in the Northeast Division of the Sunrise 4A Region.

</doc>
<doc id="18547269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547269" title="Rubin Lacey">
Rubin Lacey

Rubin "Rube" Lacey (January 2, 1902 – 1969) was an American country blues musician, who played guitar and was a singer and songwriter. 
Lacey was born in Pelahatchie, Mississippi, United States, and learned guitar in his teens from an older performer, George Hendrix. Working out of the Jackson area in the Mississippi Delta, he became one of the state's most popular blues singers. His bottleneck style inspired that of the better known performer Son House. In 1927, he recorded four songs for Columbia Records in Memphis, Tennessee, though none were released and the masters do not survive.
In 1928, Lacey recorded two tunes, "Mississippi Jail House Groan" and "Ham Hound Cave", for Paramount Records, which constitutes his recorded legacy. Four years later he became a minister, and was later found living in Lancaster, California by blues researcher, David Evans. He died there in 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="18547270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547270" title="Ayrivan">
Ayrivan

Ayirvan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18547305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547305" title="Paineñamcu">
Paineñamcu

Paineñamcu or Paynenancu or Alonso Diaz, was the Mapuche toqui from 1574 to 1584. Alonso Diaz was a mestizo Spanish soldier offended because the Governor of Chile did not promote him to the officer rank of alféres, who subsequently went over to the Mapuche in 1572. He took the Mapuche name of Paineñamcu and because of his military skills was elected toqui in 1574 following the death of Paillataru.
He was captured in battle in 1584 and saved his life when he betrayed to his captors the location of a renegade Spaniard and a mulato that were leaders in the Mapuche army. He was executed later that same year in Santiago, Chile when the Spanish believed he was communicating with the rebellious Mapuche. Cayancaru succeeded him as toqui after his capture.

</doc>
<doc id="18547309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547309" title="Jürgen Schreiber">
Jürgen Schreiber

Jürgen Schreiber may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18547323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547323" title="USS Arapaho (AT-14)">
USS Arapaho (AT-14)

USS "Arapaho" (AT-14/YT-121) was an "Arapaho"-class fleet tug that performed various tugboat services for the United States Navy. She was constructed in Seattle, Washington; however, she spent most of her working career on the U.S. East Coast, primarily at Norfolk, Virginia, and Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Launched in Seattle, Washington.
The name "Arapaho" (sometimes spelled "Arapahoe") was assigned on 9 May 1914 to a tug that had been laid down unnamed on 16 December 1913 at Seattle, Washington, by the Seattle Construction and Drydock Company. Launched on 20 June 1914, "Arapaho" was delivered to the Navy on 2 December 1914. Placed in an "in service" status as befitting a yard craft, Arapaho performed tug and tow duty at the Mare Island Navy Yard, Vallejo, California through 1917. Classified as a fleet tug on 15 December 1915, the ship was commissioned on 8 February 1918 at the Mare Island Navy Yard, Lieutenant A. R. Hunter, USNRF, in command.
World War I service.
Ordered to the Atlantic Fleet, "Arapaho" departed Mare Island, California on 25 February 1918 and, after transiting the Panama Canal, reached Norfolk, Virginia on 6 April. The tug operated with the Atlantic Fleet, primarily out of Norfolk, Virginia, through the armistice of 11 November. Assigned to the Atlantic Fleet Train, "Arapaho" towed target rafts and barges and performed routine mooring buoy maintenance at Hampton Roads, Virginia, and occasionally ranged with the fleet to Guantanamo and Guayancanabo Bays, Cuba, and Narragansett Bay, Rhode Island.
Post-war service.
During the fleet movement to Guantanamo in January 1920, "Arapaho" — in company with the minesweepers , , , and — towed target rafts and barges to Guantanamo for the fleet's use during the annual winter maneuvers there. 
Although detached from the Train on 1 January 1920, "Arapaho" was apparently not assigned to the 4th Naval District (Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) until 29 February. During the first year of operations out of her new home port and yard, she was classified as AT-14 during the fleet-wide assignment of alphanumeric hull numbers on 17 July. That autumn, in company with , she laid out a torpedo range from 19 October-1 November in the lower Potomac River. Upon completion of this duty, "Arapaho" returned to the Philadelphia Navy Yard for a resumption of her previous duties.
Decommissioning.
"Arapaho" remained assigned to the 4th Naval District until decommissioned at Philadelphia on the afternoon of 6 April 1922. She remained in reserve there—reclassified, while inactive, as a yard tug YT-121 on 27 February 1936 — until struck from the Naval Vessel Register on 22 December. Two days later, "Arapaho" was ordered to be sold, and she was eventually purchased by A. S. Hughes' Sons, Philadelphia on 5 May 1937.

</doc>
<doc id="18547325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547325" title="Stepan Yurchyshyn">
Stepan Yurchyshyn

Stepan Fedorovych Yurchyshyn (; born 28 August 1957 in village of Kernytsia, Horodok Raion, Lviv Oblast) is a retired Soviet football player.
The first team that he coached was FC Karpaty Lviv in 1990, 1992, and then from 1999 to 2006. In 2007 he became a coach of FC Lviv from which he risigned in the late September 2008 after the club's poor start in the Premier League.
International career.
Yurchyshyn made his debut for USSR on September 5, 1979 in a friendly against East Germany. He played in UEFA Euro 1980 qualifiers (USSR did not qualify for the final tournament).

</doc>
<doc id="18547373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547373" title="Salamanca F.C.">
Salamanca F.C.

Tuco Salamanca F.C. is a Mexican football club based in Salamanca, Guanajuato, México which dissolved in 2009.
History.
The club was founded in the 1950s and soon after, in 1958, the club joined the Segunda División de México and played under the name of Mapaches. The club played in the second division until 1961 when the club folded due economic problems. In 1964 the club rejoined the second division; this time the club was owned by a local oil company which brought in big name players but never achieved a promotion to the first division. From 1964 the club would go on to play good to mediocre tournaments which finally came to an end once again in 1986 when the club folded and would not come this time for several years all time times playing under the name of Petroleros de Salamca.
Awaited Return.
In 2001 the same oil company that had owned the club in the 1980s started up several professional clubs, the first a basketball club in 2001 which played under the name of Petroleros de Salamanca. In 2004 the football club finally made its return, quickly joining the Primera A. In 2006 the club reached its first final in the Primera A only to lose it to Puebla FC in a Penalty shoot out. The club would go on to play six more tournaments before the club was sold and relocated in La Piedad, Michoacán, where it became C.F. La Piedad.
Badge.
In the early 1950s clubs usually used their city's crest as their own, so Salamanca used the city crest from 1958-1961. In the early 1970s the club used a crest which had an oil rig along with a soccer ball. In 2004 the club returned with a brand new crest but kept the oil rig and the soccer ball along with the club's colors. 
Notable former players.
 

</doc>
<doc id="18547389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547389" title="Quang Nhuong Huynh">
Quang Nhuong Huynh

Quang Nhuong Huynh (August 22, 1946—2001) is a Vietnamese author. He has written two books, and has received several awards for his autobiographical work The Land I Lost. Huynh is credited as being the first Vietnamese author to write fiction and non-fiction in English.
Biography.
Huynh was born August 22, 1941 in My Tho, Vietnam to the parents Huynh Miu Van, and Kiem Thi. Huynh then enrolled in Saigon University for Chemistry, earning his degree in 1962. After the outbreak of the Vietnam War, Huynh was drafted into the South Vietnamese army, where he reached the rank of first lieutenant, and received a gold and a silver medal. Huynh was shot and paralyzed during the war, resulting in his trip to the United States in 1963 for physical therapy.
Huynh decided to stay in the United States, and earned an M.A. in Comparative Literature in 1971 from Long Island University, and in 1973 he got an M.A. in French from the University of Missouri in Columbia, Missouri. His writing career was then begun when his book "The Land I Lost" was published in 1982. The book won several awards, and was translated into several languages. In the early 1990s, Huynh also had some success as a playwright, and in 1990 he was awarded a Creative Writing Fellowship from the National Endowment for the Arts.
In 1997, Huynh published his other book that was titled Water Buffalo Days. Similar to "The Land I Lost", the book focused on his life — more specifically his childhood. Four years later, Huynh died. He was the first Vietnamese to write fiction and nonfiction in English.
Awards and recognition.
Huynh's first book, The Land I Lost, won several awards. It received the ALA Notable Children's Book award, the ALA Booklist Editors’ Choice award, the Notable Children's Trade Book in the Field of Social Studies (NCSS/CBC), the Library of Congress Children's Books award, the William Allen White Children's Book Award (Kansas), the Friends of American Writers Award, and the Blue Cobra Award. In 1990, Huynh received a Creative Writing Fellowship from the National Endowment for the Arts.

</doc>
<doc id="18547395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547395" title="Wi Pere">
Wi Pere

Wi Pere (7 March 1837 – 9 December 1915), born Wiremu Pere, was a Māori Member of Parliament in New Zealand. Pere himself was an outstanding figure amongst the Poverty Bay and East Cape Māori, and one of Poverty Bay's most illustrious sons.
Biography.
Wi Pere was born in Turanga-nui-a-Kiwa ("The place where 'Kiwa' - of the Tākitimu waka - stood"), now called Gisborne. He gained a wide knowledge of Māori traditions and customs, and proved an able spokesman in proceedings before the Native Land Court, was an outstanding orator in the use of the Māori language within the House of Representatives. Pere served for some years in both branches of the Legislature, fighting for the rights of his Maori people, particularly in Land legislation. Even in boyhood, he was noted for his shrewdness. As a youth Wi Pere was selected by the elders as a young man of special intelligence and was carefully taught and trained in Māori history and genealogy, which information was handed down through the generations by word of mouth. Wi Pere described the influence of his mother as follows: "My mother was a woman of great mana over the whole of the district; her name was Riria Mauaranui, a chieftainess of great influence of Te Aitanga-a-Mahaki and Rongowhakaata tribe".
He won the Eastern Maori seat in parliament in the 1884 election, as the fourth representative for the electorate, and attracted much attention. But he lost the seat to James Carroll in 1887 and in 1890. However in 1893 Carroll stood down in order to contest the Gisborne (European) seat. Pere won Eastern Maori back, and from 1893 supported the Liberal Party. In 1905 though Pere lost the Eastern Maori seat to Apirana Ngata.
He was appointed to the Legislative Council on 22 January 1907, but lost it because of absence on 27 June 1912, a technicality beyond his control.
Wi Pere lived during the "transition period of the Māori". He witnessed the most turbulent incidents of Māori-Pakeha relationships, including some of the worst land legislation affecting the Māori, the land wars, the confiscation of Māori land by successive Governments, the rise of Māori Nationalism, the Te Kooti conflicts, and the 1867 Maori Representation Act. Many traditional Māori institutions and customs were broken down by the Pakeha in their efforts to assimilate the Māori into a European (British) type of society.
On the death of Wi Pere, 9 December 1915, Judge Jones of the Gisborne Native Land Court, made reference as follows; "A great Chief and one whose name was a household word among the Māori. No one loved the Māori people more than he did".
The local newspaper highlighted Wi's death with such headings as "Champion of the Māori Race", "A Link with the Past", "The Last of the Great Chiefs". Apiraana Ngata stated: "Wi Pere was one of the great chiefs of the East-Coast. No man ever did more for his people". The Native people and Government of New Zealand, as a final tribute to Wi Pere, erected a fine monument along Reads Quay in Gisborne in 1919.

</doc>
<doc id="18547399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547399" title="Saint Vincent and the Grenadines at the 2002 Commonwealth Games">
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines at the 2002 Commonwealth Games

St Vincent & the Grenadines was represented at the 2002 Commonwealth Games in Manchester, England, by a fifteen-member contingent comprising nine sportspersons and six officials. The country's competitors were four competitors in athletics, one squash player, and four table tennis players, while the officials were one "Chef de Mission" (head of the entire contingent), one team attaché, one doctor, one team manager, and two head coaches.
Azik Graham competed in the men's 100 m dash, finishing with a time of 10.99 seconds. He placed 6th in his heat and did not advance to the next round. Nickie Peters participated in both the men's 800 m and 1500 m runs. In the 800 m, he finished in 1:52.73 and did not advance. He finished the 1500 m in a time of 3:53.09 and again did not advance. Pamenos Ballantyne competed in the men's marathon, finishing in 11th place with a time of 2:19:36.
Natasha Mayers, the contingent's only female member, participated in both the 100 m and 200 m races. In the 100 m, she advanced to the final and took 8th place overall with a time of 11.38 seconds. In the 200 m, she took 4th place overall with a time of 22.84 seconds, missing out on a bronze medal by 0.15 seconds.
James Bentick was the team's squash player, he competed in the men's singles event.
The four table tennis players were Kumani Finch, Deighton Calistus Doncarl King, Kerry Pierre, and Desmond Shallow. All four participated in the men's singles event, and King, Pierre, and Shallow competed together in the team event. For the men's doubles competition, the group broke into two teams, Finch and Shallow on one and King and Pierre on the other.

</doc>
<doc id="18547410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547410" title="Nummus">
Nummus

Nummus (, "noummion"), plural nummi () is a Latin term meaning "coin", but used technically for a range of low-value copper coins issued by the Roman and Byzantine empires during Late Antiquity.
History.
In circa 294, during the Tetrarchy, a new large bronze coin of circa 10 grams weight and 30 mm diameter appeared. Its official name was apparently "nummus", but it is usually known among numismatists as the "follis". The term "nummus" is thus usually applied solely to the 5th–7th century Byzantine issues. These were small, badly struck coins, weighing less than 1 gram, forming the lowest denomination of Byzantine coinage. They were valued officially at 1⁄7,200 of the gold "solidus" but more usually rated to 1⁄6,000 or 1⁄12,000. The "nummus" usually featured the profile of the reigning Byzantine emperor on the obverse and the Byzantine imperial monogram on the reverse, although some coins of Emperor Justinian I (r. 527–565) display its numerical value by the Greek numeral "A" instead.
In 498, Emperor Anastasius I (r. 491–518) reformed the coinage (carried out by the "comes sacrarum largitionum" John the Paphlagonian) by introducing multiples of the "nummus", with denominations of 40 "nummi", also known as a "follis", 20 "nummi" ("semifollis"), 10 "nummi" (Greek: δεκανούμμιον, "decanummium"). These were also marked with Greek numerals representing their value: "M" for the "follis", "K" for the "semifollis" and "I" for the "decanummium". On the other hand, it appears that issue of the simple "nummus" was discontinued. In 513, the weights of these coins were doubled, the "pentanummium" (Greek: πεντανούμμιον, 5-"nummi" coin marked with "E") introduced, and the minting of single "nummi" resumed.
In 538/539, Emperor Justinian I introduced further changes to the 40-"nummi" "follis", raising its weight to 25 grams. It was reduced again to 22.5 grams in 541/542, and further reductions followed until the century's end. At this time, a new 30-"nummi" coin (marked with "Λ" or "XXX") was introduced, but the single "follis" had ceased to be struck at Constantinople. It survived in the Exarchate of Carthage well into the 7th century however. During the 7th century, the successive military and financial crises led to increased reduction in the weight and a marked deterioration of the quality of bronze coinage; by the time of Emperor Constans II (r. 641–668), a "follis" weighed only 3 grams. Consequently, the denominations lower than the "semifollis" were practically unmintable and abandoned. Thereafter, the term "nummus" remained in use as a notional unit for 1⁄6,000 of the "solidus", and in colloquial usage for "small change".
Use of term.
Variations of the term "nummus" appear in medical language, plant taxonomy, and fossil taxonomy:

</doc>
<doc id="18547423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547423" title="The Princess and the Cabbie">
The Princess and the Cabbie

The Princess and the Cabbie is a 1981 television movie aired on CBS on 3 November 1981 about a young woman who struggles with dyslexia. 
The film stars Valerie Bertinelli as Joanna James, an heiress who is sheltered from the real world. One day she meets literary cab driver, Joe Holiday (Robert Desiderio), who references Shakespeare, T. S. Eliot, James Joyce, William Carlos Williams, Albert Einstein, Gustave Flaubert and Agatha Christie. Also starring is Shelley Long. After leaving her book in his cab, Holiday gets to know her and discovers Joanna's secret: she can't read, write, or even remember telephone numbers or directions home. Determining that she is dyslexic, Holiday begins to help her gain independence.
Awards.
"Nominated":

</doc>
<doc id="18547425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547425" title="Andrei Yakubik">
Andrei Yakubik

Andrei Aleksandrovich Yakubik () (born 24 August 1950 in Moscow) is a retired Soviet football player.
International career.
Yakubik made his debut for USSR on 1 September 1972 in the 1972 Summer Olympics game against Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="18547439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547439" title="Weightlifting at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's 53 kg">
Weightlifting at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's 53 kg

The women's 53 kg weightlifting event was the second lightest women's event at the weightlifting competition, limiting competitors to a maximum of 53 kilograms of body mass. The whole competition took place on August 10 at 15:30. This event was the second Weightlifting event to conclude.
Each lifter performed in both the snatch and clean and jerk lifts, with the final score being the sum of the lifter's best result in each. The athlete received three attempts in each of the two lifts; the score for the lift was the heaviest weight successfully lifted.
Schedule.
All times are China Standard Time ()
Records.
Prior to this competition, the existing world and Olympic records were as follows.

</doc>
<doc id="18547444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547444" title="Easy as Pie (song)">
Easy as Pie (song)

"Easy as Pie" is a song by country singer Billy "Crash" Craddock. It was released on the 1976 album "Easy as Pie". The song became a #1 hit on the country charts and was also a crossover hit. A live version was also released on 1977's "Live!" and 2009's "Live -N- Kickin"'. The song was also recorded by Peaches & Herb in 1978 on side B of their Reunited 45 record.

</doc>
<doc id="18547481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547481" title="Bethan">
Bethan

Bethan () is a Welsh feminine given name, and may refer to:
The name is thought to be a diminutive form of Elizabeth, meaning 'God is my oath'. 

</doc>
<doc id="18547505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547505" title="Esprit Jouffret">
Esprit Jouffret

Esprit Jouffret (1837 - 1904) was a French artillery officer, insurance actuary and mathematician, author of "Traité élémentaire de géométrie à quatre dimensions" ("Elementary Treatise on the Geometry of Four Dimensions", 1903), a popularization of Henri Poincaré's "Science and Hypothesis" in which Jouffret described hypercubes and other complex polyhedra in four dimensions and projected them onto the two-dimensional page. 
Maurice Princet brought "Traite" to Picasso's attention. Picasso's sketchbooks for "Les Demoiselles d'Avignon" illustrate Jouffret's influence on the artist's work.

</doc>
<doc id="18547507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547507" title="Ajoo">
Ajoo

Ajoo (Born Noh Ah-joo, ( on July 6, 1990) is a South Korean singer who debuted in 2008 with the single "1st Kiss".
Although his first single did not do as well as expected on music charts he made a comeback with "Paparazzi" which features fellow label mate and popular female solo artist Younha. Younha also wrote the lyrics for the song and appeared in the music video.
He released a single in early 2009 titled "" (""Wealthy 2nd Generation""), which deals with the topic of rich, spoiled children. The song was banned in its original state from KBS, saying that the song was encouraging excessive, indulgent lifestyles; this was criticized by the public, saying that KBS's own dramas were guilty of the same thing, namely its hit "Boys Over Flowers".

</doc>
<doc id="18547514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547514" title="Dr. Sin II">
Dr. Sin II

Dr. Sin II is the fifth studio album by Brazilian Hard rock band Dr. Sin, released in 2000. The power trio becomes now a quartet with Michael Vescera (ex- Obsession, MVP, Loudness and Yngwie Malmsteen) on the lead vocals.
American and European version - Shadows of Light.
In Europe and USA, the album was released in 2002 under the title of Shadows of Light. The differences were in the names and the order of the musics.

</doc>
<doc id="18547523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547523" title="James Popil">
James Popil

James Michael Popil (November 5, 1909 – August 14, 1978) was a provincial politician from Alberta, Canada. He served as a member of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta from 1935 to 1948 sitting with the Social Credit caucus in government.
Political career.
Popil first ran for public office as a Social Credit in the 1935 Alberta general election. He defeated incumbent cabinet minister John Love and four other candidates in a hotly contested race on ballot transfers to win his first term in office and pickup the Sturgeon electoral district. 
Sturgeon was abolished in the 1940 boundary redistribution Popil ran for a second term in office in the new Redwater electoral district in the election held that year. He won the new electoral district with a substantial first ballot majority defeating two other candidates. 
Popil ran for his third and final term in office in the 1944 Alberta general election. He marginally increased his popular vote and won a big majority to hold his seat. He retired from provincial politics at dissolution of the assembly in 1948. He died in 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="18547536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547536" title="Harry Watt">
Harry Watt

Harry Watt may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18547542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547542" title="Taite Te Tomo">
Taite Te Tomo

Taite Te Tomo (1883 – 22 May 1939) was a Māori and Reform Party Member of Parliament in New Zealand. 
He won the Western Maori electorate in a 1930 by-election after the death of Maui Pomare, but lost it in 1935 to the Ratana candidate Haami Tokouru Ratana.
In 1935, he was awarded the King George V Silver Jubilee Medal.
He was a member of the Ngāti Tūwharetoa tribe, and of the Board of Ethnological Research. He died at Kākāriki Pā on 22 May 1939.

</doc>
<doc id="18547572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547572" title="Eastridge">
Eastridge

Eastridge Center is a shopping mall in eastern San Jose, California owned by General Growth Properties. The mall has an enclosed shopping area, restaurants and theaters. Eastridge Mall is located in San Jose CA, in between Tully Road, East Capitol Expressway, and Quimby Road.
History.
It was opened on May 17, 1971 with the original anchors: Macy's, Liberty House, J. C. Penney, Joseph Magnin Co., and Sears. Eastridge Center was the largest enclosed shopping mall in the West. Emporium-Capwell replaced Liberty House when the chain pulled out of California. After Macy's bought Emporium-Capwell, they shuttered the store. It sat vacant until the 2005 remodel when they demolished the store.
In 2005 a major remodeling brought in an AMC Theater and outdoor streetscape, with tenants such as Barnes & Noble and Bed Bath & Beyond. Other new stores continue to open inside, as well. The general consensus is that the renovation is a success.
In February 2012, two teenage boys were stabbed and left in critical condition at the mall, which led to J. C. Penney and Macy's closing, despite other stores not doing so.
In the wake of the 2012 Aurora shooting, a mysterious package was thrown into an AMC theater at Eastridge during a showing of "The Dark Knight Rises", which led to an evacuation of the theater.
On July 20, 2012, a fire broke out near the mall at a homeless encampment in a 100-by-100 ft area, but was extinguished before the fire could reach any buildings.

</doc>
<doc id="18547589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547589" title="Charlotte Denman Lozier">
Charlotte Denman Lozier

Charlotte Denman Lozier (March 16, 1844-January 3, 1870) was an American physician and lecturer. A feminist, she campaigned for the Women's Suffrage and Workingwomen's Associations as well as other progressive and charitable organizations.
Lozier was born in the western United States. Her mother died when she was young, and she became caretaker for her family. She studied medicine, and became a professor at the New York Medical College for Women.
Lozier died January 3, 1870, due to health complications surrounding the pregnancy and birth of her third child, who was born several days before she died. She was survived by this child, her two previous children, and her husband.

</doc>
<doc id="18547601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547601" title="Tulk">
Tulk

Tulk is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18547605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547605" title="Li Shanshan">
Li Shanshan

Li Shanshan (; born February 22, 1992 in Huangshi, Hubei) is a Chinese gymnast who is especially strong on balance beam. She was a member of the Chinese silver medal-winning team at the 2007 World Artistic Gymnastics Championships in Stuttgart, Germany, where she also medalled on the balance beam. Li Shanshan managed to win the silver medal in the beam event despite falling during a full spin, incurring an automatic 0.8 deduction, because her start value (A-score) was a very high 7.3, much higher than the A-Score of the eventual winner, Nastia Liukin, whose had a difficulty value of 6.6.
In 2008, she was a member of the Chinese Olympic team and won a gold medal at the 2008 Olympic Games in Beijing, China. She also qualified first into the balance beam event final. However, in the event final, she fell on a full-twisting Korbut flip and came eventually 6th, scoring 15.300. Her last 2008 competition was the 14th Artistic Gymnastics World Cup in Madrid, Spain where she won a bronze medal on balance beam, with a score of 15.150.
She announced her retirement in December 2009 along with Xiao Sha.

</doc>
<doc id="18547607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547607" title="Foesum">
Foesum

Foesum is an American hip hop group whose members included T-Dubb, MNMsta, DJ Glaze and Wayniac from the Twinz. They eventually went their separate ways and Foesum was last to do their debut album, Perfection. Perfection was released October 22, 1996.
History.
In 1986, DJ Glaze and MNMsta created a DJ group called "Perfection" and recruited members from their high school. The next three years "Perfection" as a DJ group rocked many school dances, weddings, and backyard boogies. By 1989, Perfection recruited close to a dozen members. Towards the end of Perfection's senior year, the group decided they wanted to produce their own rap record. Travvy Trav, one of the oldest members of the group went on a search for the dopest MC in Long Beach. Back then, it was a dude named Domino. Perfection recruited Domino and pitched in on the purchase of a Roland 808 drum machine to start making demos with the intention of getting a record deal. Dozens of songs were cut and members Tender D and Mellow D (now known as The Twinz) were brought into the group by T-Dubb and Travvy Trav, who are in real life, first cousins. After many disappointments and some personality conflicts, Domino stepped from the group leaving Perfection to fend for themselves. This sparked a collaboration with fellow eastsider Snoop Doggy Dogg called "'Let Em Understand Perfection" on a compilation album called "Please Pass The Mic" which was a diss track aimed at Domino for leaving. This explains the line by Snoop in Dr. Dre's Nuthin' but a 'G' Thang, ""Perfection is perfected, so I let em understand"."
In 1991, Perfection met Big Wes and Suge Knight who at the time were bodyguards for New Edition. Big Wes had his own label, Lockdown Records in the works and took an interest in the group. After a few months, the name Perfection was dropped and Foesum was born. The group consisted of T-Dubb, Wayniac, MNMsta, and DJ Glaze. Foesum recorded an entire album at Solar Records, home of legendary groups like Lakeside, the Whispers, Pebbles, and Babyface. Some of the songs that were recorded but never released included 'Ridin' High' (recut on the Twinz album) 'Point of No Return,' 'Knick Knack Patty Wack,' 'Ain't No Fun' featuring Kid Frost, 'Much Love,' and MNMsta's 'Chrome To The Dome.' After seeing little possibility of retaining a record deal, Foesum moved on. The group Foesum was inactive for about a year, but in 1992 member Wayniac was approached by Warren G who needed help writing his album "Regulate...G Funk Era." Eventually, Wayniac would team up with his brother Trip Locc to be known to the world as "The Twinz" signing their own record deal on Def Jam Records. In the meantime, this left Glaze, MNMsta, and T-Dubb left to be Foesum. They decided to keep the name and make Travvy Trav (who died from a heart problem during the struggle) the fourth member.
In 1994 Foesum hooked up with Tony G and Julio G of the original 1580 AM KDAY Mixmasters. Ruthless Records CEO, Eazy-E put Julio G down to co-host a radio show on LA's 92.3 The Beat called "The Ruthless Radio Show." In just a few weeks and with the help of Tony G, Foesum recorded the songs "Lil Somethin' Somethin' " and "Listen To The Sound." It caught the ear of Eazy E along with Big Beat/Atlantic and Tommy Boy Records. Foesum signed a deal with Atlantic Records in January 1995. The first single 'Lil Somethin' Somethin' was released in the summer of 1995 on Big Beat/Atlantic Records and got major play on The Box and radio stations everywhere. The album 'Perfection' was released on Penalty Records/Tommy Boy in the fall of 1996. Since then Foesum has been working on new albums to release on their own independent venture called The Perfection Label including The FoeFathers, A Greatest Hits album, and solo projects.

</doc>
<doc id="18547611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547611" title="B-Side Babies">
B-Side Babies

B-Side Babies is a compilation album showcasing old b-sides from Adam and the Ants and Adam Ant's solo work.
Additional Information.
The back of the CD contains a blurb which reads "The album Adam Ant always wanted you to have! Call it ""Yours, Yours, Yours"," because that's exactly what he intended! A true gift of Antmusic as a special thank you to all the fans who have been eagerly awaiting a chance to listen to the b-sides and bonus tracks they've never had before! In addition to US-released b-sides, other goodies found here include 7 tracks never before released in the US and 1 extra special treat never before released anywhere! So put on your dancing shoes and be Adam Ant's ""B-Side Baby"!"
"Physical (You're So)" was covered by Nine Inch Nails on their Broken EP. Adam Ant and Marco Pirroni also joined Nine Inch Nails on stage in 1995 for two concerts, performing "Physical (You're So)", "Red Scab" and "Fall-In" (all Adam and the Ants b-sides and included on the above album).
Notable omissions;

</doc>
<doc id="18547628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547628" title="Art Deco stamps">
Art Deco stamps

Art deco stamps are postage stamps designed in the Art Deco style which was a popular international design style in the 1920s through the 1930s. The style is marked by the use of "geometric motifs, curvilinear forms, sharply defined outlines, often bold colors", and a fascination with machinery and modernity. This style strongly influenced contemporary architecture, furniture, industrial design, books and posters. Art Deco was named for the 1925 exhibit in Paris called Exposition Internationale des Arts Décoratifs et Industriels Modernes (International Exposition of Modern Industrial and Decorative Arts). The exhibit lasted from April to October 1925 and displayed numerous objects in the new style. Examples of the style, however, are also found in the early twenties. 
The Art Deco style also influenced postage stamp design in a number of countries in the twenties and thirties. One of the focuses of Art Deco was transportation and machines, particularly airplanes, and airmail stamps of the period often were designed in this style. Stamps from some countries showed strong art deco influence, while in others it was absent or barely noticeable. The countries whose stamp designs were most influenced by Art Deco include a number of European countries such as France and the Netherlands, as well as several Latin American countries, particularly Mexico, Brazil and Chile. Stamps of the United States and Great Britain, in contrast, followed traditional design and showed little influence of this new style.
Notable Art Deco stamps.
The Art Deco style originally developed in Europe and the earliest Art Deco stamps are from European countries in the 1920s. The style was used in some Latin American countries beginning in the mid-1930s, but never really spread to the United States, whose stamp designs remained traditional and conservative. Notable Art Deco stamps of this period include the following, some of which are small masterpieces of this style:
Europe.
A triangular airmail stamp issued in 1933, depicting a Fokker Pander, was surrounded by a border with bold lettering typical of the style. In 1934, Curaçao, then a colony of the Netherlands, issued one of the iconic Art Deco stamps ever created, an airmail stamp carrying the highly stylized profile of the messenger god Hermes. 
Austrian stamps of the 1920s showed influence of the Jugendstil or Art Nouveau style, but the new style made its influence known as the decade progressed. In 1925, Austria began a series of postage due stamps, and which included the country's name and an amount in a simple, bold design. 
In 1932, Switzerland issued a stamp honoring the 1932 Disarmament Conference, and depicting an image of Peace in a bold Art Deco style 
In 1936, Portugal issued a series of airmail stamps with a highly stylized airplane propeller and cloud, forming a fine Art Deco image. 
Latin America.
The Art Deco style was popular with several Latin American countries, particularly Mexico, Chile and Brazil.
In the early 1940s, Mexico issued a number of stamps, commonly a larger format with strongly Art Deco influenced images particularly including the artwork of Mexican artist Francisco Eppens. A 1939 stamp with an image by Eppens depicted three modes of transportation—airplane, train and highway, a common Art Deco subject. A 1940 stamp by Eppens shows a helmsman, issued in connection with the Inauguration of Mexican President Manuel Ávila Camacho. A 1942 stamp, part of a series honoring the Second Inter-American Agricultural Conference with Eppens' artwork, depicts a highly stylized woman sewing wheat. 
During the 1930s, Brazil issued a number of stamps influenced by the Art Deco style, especially in their lettering. The most striking Art Deco stamps, however, was the 1934 issue commemorating the 7th International Trade Fair, held in Rio de Janeiro, and depicting silhouettes of buildings and a profile of a construction worker with highly stylized Art Deco lettering. 
United States.
The 1939 stamp depicting the Trylon and Perisphere, the centerpiece and symbol of the 1939 New York World's Fair. Although the Trylon and Perisphere itself is an iconic Art Deco image, the lettering and numbers on the stamp were done in a traditional, not Art Deco, font. With this limited exception, United States stamps showed no Art Deco influence until 1998 when it issued a stamp in a strong Art Deco depicting Ayn Rand. 
Revival.
The Art Deco style has been revived on stamps. In 1998, the United States issued a stamp honoring Ayn Rand in a distinct Art Deco style. In 2001, it issued two definitive stamps illustrated by Nancy Stahl depicting an Art Deco eagle on a mailbox (shown). In 2003, it issued the stamp titled "Wisdom", illustrated by Nancy Stahl, honoring Rockefeller Center.

</doc>
<doc id="18547629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547629" title="Download (TV series)">
Download (TV series)

Download (formerly Friday Night Download) is an Australian TV show hosted by "Friday Night Games" hosts Mike Goldman, Ryan Fitzgerald and Bree Amer. The show first aired on 26 October 2007. A second series began on 17 October 2008, but the show was pulled from schedules only two episodes into its run.
Overview.
"Download" showcased video clips collected from the Internet, such as those hosted on YouTube and Google Video. The show also prompted viewers to submit their own videos to the show.
"Download" also labels the hosts' top 5 favourite video downloads, each one shown just before a commercial break.
Regular segments.
Series two introduces several new segments:
Reception.
"The Sydney Morning Herald" TV critic noted that the videos shown on the show could be viewed as easily on the internet without advertisement breaks, and as such claimed it should be "hosed off the pavement forthwith".
The show only averaged 700,000 viewers on its premiere night and was beaten by the Seven Network's "Better Homes and Gardens". Although rating good enough for Ten to retain the show for their 2008 lineup, the show was axed when it slumped to 526,000 viewers in its last aired episode.

</doc>
<doc id="18547639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547639" title="Mairead Farrell (radio presenter)">
Mairead Farrell (radio presenter)

Mairéad Farrell is an Irish radio presenter.
Early life.
Mairead was born in Finglas on the Northside of Dublin. On a 2008 episode of "The Panel", she admitted to completing a year in Dundalk Institute of Technology but dropped out at the end of her first year. She has said she was "never academic". She competed a V.T.O.S course in general studies where she learned to cook. She is reportedly afraid of spiders, and is allergic to cashmere.
Radio career.
Farrell is featured on "The Ray D'Arcy Show" 9am to midday every weekday on Today FM. Mairead initially interned on the show before being promoted to broadcasting assistant, and then becoming co-producer and featuring as an on-air contributor.
Television career.
From November 2006 Mairead became a panelist on series five of the popular RTÉ show "The Panel". She is often the butt of the other panellists' jokes, as there is usually only one female panelist.
Farrell represented Ballymun Kickhams in the 2010 season of "Celebrity Bainisteoir". She was also a regular on "Republic of Telly" on RTE 2.
She did "Hello Baby, Bye Bye Body", an RTÉ programme on post-pregnancy body issues, in December 2011.
In October 2012 she was the main presenter of Celebrity Bainisteoir:the Rivals, and in November 2012 She was a presenter on the new The Movie Show on RTE 2.
Personal life.
It was announced on July 4th 2010 that her marriage to advertising executive Eddie Fitzpatrick had ended. She had married him at the age of 24 after meeting him when her mother died on the eve of her 21st birthday. Her father, 73, is still alive and well. Mairead is now in a relationship with a man called Louie. Her hobbies include Boxing, Tae Bo, Bog Snorkling, and Darts.

</doc>
<doc id="18547651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547651" title="The Secret (1992 film)">
The Secret (1992 film)

The Secret is 1992 television movie aired on television on 19 April 1992 about a grandfather and his grandson who both struggle with dyslexia. Filmed in Nova Scotia, the film stars Kirk Douglas as the owner of a store who has difficulty with reading and writing, a fact which he hides from everyone. This changes when he realizes his grandson, Jesse (Jesse R. Tendler) suffers from the same difficulties.

</doc>
<doc id="18547658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547658" title="Tuff (disambiguation)">
Tuff (disambiguation)

Tuff is a type of rock consisting of consolidated volcanic ash ejected from vents during a volcanic eruption.
Tuff may also refer to:
People.
Given name
Surname

</doc>
<doc id="18547688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547688" title="Frontier Justice (book)">
Frontier Justice (book)

Frontier Justice: weapons of mass destruction and the bushwhacking of America (ISBN 9781893956476, 2003) is a book by Scott Ritter, which comments critically on the justification for the war in Iraq.

</doc>
<doc id="18547696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547696" title="List of pangrams">
List of pangrams

This is a list of pangrams, which are sentences using every letter of the alphabet at least once.
English phonetic pangrams.
Pangrams which use all the phonemes, or phones, of English (rather than alphabetic characters):
Other languages.
All letters.
Italian.
Pangrams in Italian normally omit the foreign letters j, k, w, x, and y.
Japanese.
Since there are tens of thousands of kanji characters, Japanese pangrams are ones containing all kana.
Mapudungun.
The Ragileo alphabet doesn't distinguish some sounds which are mostly used to convey affectionate speech variations, such as s/sh.
Norwegian.
Since Norwegian orthography does not include c, q, w, x or z, except in foreign borrowings that haven't been naturalised, the possible pangrams including "all" the 29 letters of the Norwegian alphabet will require using two or more words with a distinctly foreign spelling.
Slovak.
Even in the expansion, "c" is missing, only occurring as part of the digraph "ch", which is a separate letter. Also "f g j l q w x" as well as accented vowels "á ó" and unaccented "y".
Uyghur.
Uyghur Latin Script: Awu bir jüp xoraz Fransiyening Parizh shehrige yëqin taghqa köchelmidi.
Those two roosters were not able to move to the mountain near Paris in France.
Uyghur Latin Script: Zöhregül Abduwajit Fransiyening Parizhdiki xëli bishem oqughuchi.
Zöhregül Abduwajit is a quite unpleasant student in Paris, France.
Only letters with diacritical marks and other national specific letters.
A variant tries to make a word or phrase containing at least all letters with diacritical marks:
Perfect pangrams from restricted sets.
Chemical element symbols.
It is not possible to make a perfect pangram out of current chemical element symbols, but it is possible using two disused ones. Unq, for unnilquadium, now known as rutherfordium, Rf, is in every pangram, as it is only one of two chemical symbols with a Q. The two Us in Uuq (ununquadium, now known as flerovium, Fl) prevent its use. The other letter necessitating disused symbols is J; the available symbols are J (for iodine, I), Jg (for argonium/hafnium, Hf), or Jo (for joliotium/dubnium, Db).
Here is one of many possibilities using Jo:
Country codes.
All countries have a two letter ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 code. Here is an example of a pangram using these:
Self-enumerating pangrams.
A self-enumerating pangram, or a pangrammic autogram, is a pangram which describes the number of letters it itself contains. 
The first such sentences were constructed in 1984 by Rudy Kousbroek and Lee Sallows.
Initial letter pangrams.
An initial letter pangram is a sense in which all the letters of the alphabet occur as first letter of each word - preferably in alphabetical order. Thus a sentence will count 26 words. Some examples in Dutch:
A three-sentence example in English, containing three consecutive initial letter pangram sentences which alternate in descending, ascending, descending order:

</doc>
<doc id="18547699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547699" title="Alexander Bullet">
Alexander Bullet

The Alexander Bullet or Alexander Eaglerock Bullet was a low wing cabin monoplane that was a departure from traditional biplane aircraft of the era.
Design and development.
The Bullet was built at the beginning of the Great Depression. Company owner J Don Alexander said he was inspired by ducks tucking in their legs to build a retractable landing gear-equipped aircraft. The aircraft experienced stability problems in spin testing, killing two pilots. Few orders were delivered.
The Bullet was a low wing, cabin aircraft with retractable conventional landing gear. The fuselage was constructed with welded steel tubing and the wings were constructed with wooden spars and ribs, both with aircraft fabric covering.
Operational history.
An Alexander Bullet competed in the 1929 National Air Races. Female pilot Jessie "Chubbie" Keith-Miller won two transcontinental air races piloting an Alexander Bullet.

</doc>
<doc id="18547719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547719" title="RBS Securities">
RBS Securities

RBS Securities Inc. (formerly Greenwich Capital Markets Inc., trading as RBS Greenwich Capital) is the Royal Bank of Scotland Group's U.S. investment bank/broker-dealer based in Stamford, Connecticut that specializes in fixed income arbitrage and other fixed income strategies. It is a leading fixed-income capital markets firm, underwriter, trader, and distributor of fixed-income investment products providing a full range of debt financing, risk management and investment services to major corporations and financial and governmental institutions around the world. RBS Securities is also ranked consistently among the leaders in every asset class it trades. It is a primary dealer in US Treasury securities. It was founded in 1981 and is wholly owned by The Royal Bank of Scotland Group though its National Westminster Bank subsidiary in the UK.
History.
Established in 1981, Greenwich Capital Markets was acquired by National Westminster Bank Plc in 1996, trading as Greenwich NatWest under the joint management of co-chief executives Gary Holloway and Konrad "Chip" Kruger, until 2000, when National Westminster Bank was taken over by the Royal Bank of Scotland Group. It became RBS Securities Inc. in 2009, prior to which time it had traded as RBS Greenwich Capital.
Rankings and awards.
In 2007, RBS was named Currency Derivatives House of the year by RISK Magazine, was named the top North American Securitization house by IFR Magazine, and also ranked 5th in FX market share in the US. By market capitalization as of March 7, 2007, RBS was the second largest bank in the UK and in Europe and ranks fifth worldwide.

</doc>
<doc id="18547735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547735" title="Neonatal Resuscitation Program">
Neonatal Resuscitation Program

The Neonatal Resuscitation Program (NRP) was developed and is maintained by the American Academy of Pediatrics. This program focuses on basic resuscitation skills for newly born infants. 
With the rollout of the sixth edition of NRP to reflect the 2010 American Heart Association guidelines for resuscitation, the course format has changed considerably. In the past, a full-day course incorporated lecture, written testing and hands-on skills. Now students study independently, complete an online examination, then attend an in-person skills session. This reduces the classroom time required for the course and allows instructors to focus on the practical skills needed to resuscitate the neonate. 
The program is intended for healthcare providers who perform resuscitation in the delivery room or newborn nursery. Providers who take NRP are diverse in their scope of practice. The course outline is flexible to allow providers to complete specific modules directly related to their practice.

</doc>
<doc id="18547741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547741" title="Taylor Mason">
Taylor Mason

Franklin Taylor Mason (born February 22, 1956) is a comedian, ventriloquist and musician.
Early life and career.
The son of a radio farm broadcaster and a homemaker mother, Mason was born in Hinsdale, Illinois, and grew up in suburban Chicago. His father, Bill Mason, worked at WGN Radio and Television, a local Chicago station that featured farm news in the early mornings and every day at noon. This served as an introduction to show business for young Mason, who often accompanied his father to broadcasts. His father was also hired by farm groups to speak at their conferences and meetings, and Mason was a regular sidekick to his father’s speeches.
His childhood was stereotypical for the time: piano lessons, Little League, summer vacations and church dinners. His father was a deacon in the Congregational Church, where the Mason family attended every Sunday morning.
They moved to Ottawa, Illinois, while Mason was in high school, and he graduated from Ottawa High in 1974.
Mason then attended the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, where he majored in agriculture and communications, graduating in 1979. While there, he played varsity football for The Fighting Illini, and suffered a knee injury during his junior season. This led to an entire autumn in an ankle-to-hip cast, during which time Mason began performing at his fraternity as a disc jockey and comedian for dances. By the time his football career (he received the "Illini Champion" award and varsity letters) and undergraduate education ended two years later, Mason had become a campus favorite by spinning records and telling jokes at parties, college functions and university events.
Early work.
During these two years of performance, Mason re-discovered a ventriloquist puppet given to him for a 10th-birthday gift by his parents. Reviving his skill as a ventriloquist, he combined the puppet, stand-up comedy and music into a sort of one-man variety show.
Mason moved in with an aunt and uncle in Oak Brook, Illinois, during the winter of 1980. He was working part-time as a waiter when he was discovered by Arnie Morton, a restaurateur, who found Mason playing piano and entertaining guests at a wedding. Morton offered Mason the job of playing the see-through glass piano at Morton's in Chicago, where Mason worked during the balance of 1980. He often used his ventriloquist puppet to "heckle" the clientele who came to the bar, and this act led to jobs at Chicago piano bars.
Mason was hired as a musical director for The Second City Touring Company in the spring of 1981, and he worked as a musician for almost a year at the theater, learning improvisational comedy and theater, while helping to open the “Second City - Etc.” room. He met his future wife, Marsia Mason, who worked as an assistant to the creative managers of The Second City, Bernard Sahlins and Joyce Sloane.
Mason was admitted to The Medill School of Journalism at Northwestern University in the fall of 1982, where he spent the year in graduate school, earning a Master’s Degree in Advertising in June 1983. During those 12 months at Northwestern, Mason began working as a ventriloquist at Zanies Comedy Club, just one block south of The Second City Theater. By the end of 1983 Mason was working full-time in show business, either with Zanies or The Second City, getting a full education in comedy writing and performing. Sometime in 1984 Mason became the house emcee at Zanies, working 4-5 nights a week, where he paid his dues; he also created material for his act and set the groundwork for a career. He helped open Zanies Comedy Club in Nashville, Tennessee, in 1984; in 1985 he and Marsia moved to New York City. His act at the time revolved around a wooden-headed classic dummy and the piano. His material was clean (he did not use profanity) and his act was gaining some notoriety locally in Chicago.
Mason worked his way into the emcee position at Catch a Rising Star in New York, and he worked there for three years, 1986-1989. 
Mason began a career at this time playing college campuses, mostly through NACA (National Association of Campus Activities). Over the next 11 years, until 2000, Mason did more than 1500 college shows, and won two “Family Entertainer of The Year” awards.
By 1990 Mason began making television appearances on all the popular shows of the day: Evening at the Improv, Comic Strip Live, Caroline's Comedy Hour and MTV Half-Hour Comedy Hour.
1990-1999.
In late 1990 Mason auditioned for and was cast on "Star Search", hosted by Ed McMahon; he was the grand-prize winner, earning $100,000 and some notoriety in the comedy world as a result. He did "The Comedy Club Network" show for Showtime on cable-TV, and that led to an appearance on "Comedy on Campus", a comedy special for Showtime that aired around 1993.
Mason moved to southern California in 1992, where he lived until 1995. He headlined in many of the major clubs and played hundreds of college dates over the next few years. He had added a couple of puppets to his act, began using a portable electronic keyboard and maintained the clean edge to his performances. He had discarded the hard, wooden-headed puppets for smaller, soft puppets (something like Muppets) and these allowed him to pack more into a bag. His act packed small, but played big.
Sometime in the late 1990s Mason added a life-sized sumo wrestler puppet to his act, and began to let audience members come up on stage and manipulate the puppets as he tried to synchronize the puppet mouth with words. This became a signature of his and he rode the routine to great success.
He and his wife had two children and had moved to southern New Jersey in 1995. Off the beaten path of show business, Mason picked up work in a variety of locations: Branson, Missouri; Myrtle Beach, South Carolina; resorts in The Pocono Mountains of Pennsylvania; Las Vegas; Atlantic City; and the ever-present colleges and comedy clubs.
2000-present.
Sometime in 2000, Mason was invited to perform at Praise Gathering, a Christian conference in Indianapolis, Indiana. To make this opportunity worthwhile and somewhat unforgettable, Mason made a large puppet that looked like the host and Christian songwriter-singer-performer Bill Gaither. That performance led to Gaither offering Mason a spot on his Homecoming Concert Tour. In 2001 Mason began a three-year stint playing large basketball and hockey arenas around the U.S. with Gaither and The Homecoming Artists. Mason revamped his act, adding a pig puppet (PACO) and routines written specifically for the Christian audience. Gaither had Mason perform on three of his best-selling videos, filmed at Carnegie Hall New York; The Sydney Opera House in Australia; and Red Rocks in Colorado.
His latest adventure is a new variety show featuring family friendly adventures of one certainly terrific star puppet named ChildrenTalk, a comically curiously natured co‐host will star along with actor and ventriloquist Taylor Mason. 
Mason continues to write and perform comedy, ventriloquism and music. He has worked extensively for The Disney Cruise Line, plays comedy clubs, private parties and corporations.

</doc>
<doc id="18547748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547748" title="Miyuki Ueda">
Miyuki Ueda


</doc>
<doc id="18547754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547754" title="Newtown, Virginia">
Newtown, Virginia

Newtown, Virginia may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18547763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547763" title="Detour">
Detour

__NOTOC__
A detour or diversion route is a route around a planned area of prohibited or reduced access, such as a construction site.
Standard operating procedure for many roads departments is to route any detour over roads within the same jurisdiction as the road with the obstructed area.
On multi-lane highways (e.g. freeways, expressways, city streets, etc.), usually traffic shifts can be utilized in lieu of a detour as turn lanes can often be congested with detours.

</doc>
<doc id="18547772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547772" title="Rupert Gayle">
Rupert Gayle

Rupert Gayle is a Canadian songwriter. He has written for Warner/Chappel and BMG Music Publishing, and is signed to ole.

</doc>
<doc id="18547777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547777" title="Seven Deadly Sins Four Deadly Sinners">
Seven Deadly Sins Four Deadly Sinners

Seven Deadly Sins Four Deadly Sinners is an anthology-style play compiled and written by "Carry On..." writer Norman Hudis and producer Marc Sinden, who is also the director. It was originally devised by Sinden as a female rival to the RSC's "The Hollow Crown" and was the first anthology to have a permanent 'pool' of actresses from which four appear for the performance.
It has toured in the UK since 15 June 2003 (premièring at the Princess Theatre, Hunstanton, Norfolk) and is produced all over Europe by The One Night Booking Company and throughout the rest of the world by Marc Sinden Productions. Internationally, it has been performed at the British Theatre Season, Monaco; the Holder's Festival, Barbados; on Guernsey (one of the Channel Islands) and is currently on an 18-month tour of Australia and New Zealand.
It is billed as: "An anthology evening of Wicked Comedy, Heavenly Drama, Devilishly Tall Tales, Enchanting Poetry and Seductive Stories starring Four Deadly Beautiful Temptresses, who will enlighten you on how to survive, or even live by, the Seven Deadly Sins!"
Recent reviews include: "Very clever show, great production, fabulous team, giving plenty of smiles and belly laughs."
Cast.
Compiled from the works of nearly everyone with a sense of humour (sometimes unintentional) - from Chaucer to Victoria Wood, from Woody Allen to Oscar Wilde via Flanders & Swann, Joyce Grenfell, Steven Berkoff and Noël Coward, it stars four from the following alphabetically listed, interchangeable cast:

</doc>
<doc id="18547784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547784" title="United States Senate election in South Carolina, 1912">
United States Senate election in South Carolina, 1912

The 1912 South Carolina United States Senate election was a Democratic Party primary election held on August 27, 1912 to select the U.S. Senator from the state of South Carolina. Prior to the ratification of the 17th Amendment to the United States Constitution, U.S. Senators were elected by the state legislature and not through the direct election by the people of the state. However, the Democratic Party of South Carolina organized primary elections for the U.S. Senate beginning in 1896 and the General Assembly would confirm the choice of the Democratic voters. Incumbent Democratic Senator Ben Tillman won the Democratic primary and was re-elected by the General Assembly for another six-year term.
Democratic primary.
Ben Tillman, a Senator since 1895, drew opposition in the Democratic primary for the first time during his career. He had long avoided any opposition because of his influence in the Democratic Party in the state, but by 1912 he had moderated his positions and lost the radical edge that had allowed him to build up a hard core following of support. The radicals in the state electorate had thrown their support to Coleman Livingston Blease in the gubernatorial election of 1910 and the Bleasites were determined to knock his chief opponent, Tillman, out of office. W. Jasper Talbert emerged as the candidate of the Bleasites and Nathaniel B. Dial entered the race as an alternative to the two. The voters of the state split their support between the Tillmanite and Bleasite factions as both Tillman and Blease won their respective primaries.

</doc>
<doc id="18547807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547807" title="Amicus, Virginia">
Amicus, Virginia

Amicus is an unincorporated community in Greene County, Virginia, United States. "Amicus" is the Latin word for 'friend'.

</doc>
<doc id="18547808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547808" title="Martin O. May">
Martin O. May

Martin O. May (April 18, 1922 – April 21, 1945) was a United States Army soldier and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration—the Medal of Honor—for his actions in World War II.
Biography.
Born and raised in Phillipsburg, New Jersey, May graduated from Phillipsburg High School in the class of 1941.
May joined the Army from Phillipsburg in November 1942, and by April 19, 1945 was serving as a private first class in the 307th Infantry Regiment, 77th Infantry Division. On that day and the next two days, at legusuku-Yama on Ie Shima in the Ryukyu Islands, he manned his machine gun despite intense Japanese fire. He repeatedly refused to withdraw, even after being seriously wounded, and held his ground until being killed. For these actions, he was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor on January 25, 1946.
May, aged 23 at his death, was buried at the National Memorial Cemetery of the Pacific in Honolulu, Hawaii.
Medal of Honor citation.
Private First Class May's official Medal of Honor citation reads:
He gallantly maintained a 3-day stand in the face of terrible odds when American troops fought for possession of the rugged slopes of legusuku-Yama on Ie Shima, Ryukyu Islands. After placing his heavy machinegun in an advantageous yet vulnerable position on a ridge to support riflemen, he became the target of fierce mortar and small arms fire from counterattacking Japanese. He repulsed this assault by sweeping the enemy with accurate bursts while explosions and ricocheting bullets threw blinding dust and dirt about him. He broke up a second counterattack by hurling grenades into the midst of the enemy forces, and then refused to withdraw, volunteering to maintain his post and cover the movement of American riflemen as they reorganized to meet any further hostile action. The major effort of the enemy did not develop until the morning of 21 April. It found Pfc. May still supporting the rifle company in the face of devastating rifle, machinegun, and mortar fire. While many of the friendly troops about him became casualties, he continued to fire his machinegun until he was severely wounded and his gun rendered useless by the burst of a mortar shell. Refusing to withdraw from the violent action, he blasted fanatical Japanese troops with hand grenades until wounded again, this time mortally. By his intrepidity and the extreme tenacity with which he held firm until death against overwhelming forces, Pfc. May killed at least 16 Japanese, was largely responsible for maintaining the American lines, and inspired his comrades to efforts which later resulted in complete victory and seizure of the mountain stronghold.

</doc>
<doc id="18547811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547811" title="Barnes, Virginia">
Barnes, Virginia

Barnes is an unincorporated community in Greene County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18547813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547813" title="Burtonville, Virginia">
Burtonville, Virginia

Burtonville is an unincorporated community in Greene County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18547818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547818" title="Greece in the Eurovision Song Contest 2002">
Greece in the Eurovision Song Contest 2002

Greece and Ellinikí Radiofonía Tileórasi (ERT) chose to host a National Selection with the winner being chosen via 50% televoting and 50% "expert" jury. Michalis Rakintzis was chosen with "S.A.G.A.P.O."
National final.
The National Final took place on February 26, 2002 at "REX" music hall in Athens and the host of the show was Dafni Bokota. At the start of the National Final, there were 10 songs competing. Each of the songs was performed and the "expert" jury chose the best five. The five songs were chosen were then performed for a second time where the winner was chosen via televoting (50%) and a second vote by the "expert" jury (50%).
First round.
Ten songs performed in the first round. The top five songs were chosen by an "expert jury" and were performed again.
By order performed:
Final Vote.
The five best songs were performed for a second time where the winner was chosen via televoting (50%) and by the expert judging panel (50%).
By order performed:
At Eurovision.
Rakintzis performed 3rd in the running order at the Eurovision 2002 final. He was accompanied on stage with four male singers/dancers all dressed in plastic robot type suits. The song finished 17th out of 24 with 27 points, tied as the worst placing for Greece in the 2000s.

</doc>
<doc id="18547820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547820" title="Christian Business Men's Connection">
Christian Business Men's Connection

Christian Business Men's Connection (CBMC) is an international evangelical Christian mission organization to reach out to businessmen. CBMC began in Chicago in 1930, joined with other similar groups to create a national organization in 1937, and moved its headquarters to Chattanooga, Tennessee in 1978. Among its prominent early leaders was the industrialist R. G. LeTourneau.
According to the organization there are now 18,000 members in 700 teams in the US, and international branches in over 70 countries with over 50,000 members.

</doc>
<doc id="18547821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547821" title="Dawsonville, Virginia">
Dawsonville, Virginia

Dawsonville is an unincorporated community in Greene County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18547825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547825" title="Dyke, Virginia">
Dyke, Virginia

Dyke is an unincorporated community in Greene County, Virginia, United States.
It is located near Saint George, Virginia and The Blue Ridge School
Estes Farm was listed the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="18547831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547831" title="Geer, Virginia">
Geer, Virginia

Geer is an unincorporated community in Greene County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18547833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547833" title="Jin-ai Women's College">
Jin-ai Women's College


</doc>
<doc id="18547836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547836" title="Haneytown, Virginia">
Haneytown, Virginia

Haneytown is an unincorporated community in Greene County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18547838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547838" title="Lydia, Virginia">
Lydia, Virginia

Lydia is an unincorporated community in Greene County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18547843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547843" title="McMullen, Virginia">
McMullen, Virginia

McMullen is an unincorporated community in Greene County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18547848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547848" title="Newtown, Greene County, Virginia">
Newtown, Greene County, Virginia

Newtown is an unincorporated community in Greene County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18547852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547852" title="Pirkey, Virginia">
Pirkey, Virginia

Pirkey is an unincorporated community in Greene County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18547856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547856" title="Tsuruga College">
Tsuruga College


</doc>
<doc id="18547862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547862" title="Quinque, Virginia">
Quinque, Virginia

Quinque is an unincorporated community in Greene County, Virginia, United States.
It is located 2 miles north west of Ruckersville, on Route 33, the Spotswood Trail.
Quinque was the birthplace of the Baptist minister and civil rights campaigner, Rev. William Emanuel Barrett (born in Quinque, Sep. 16, 1925, died Somerset New Jersey on Dec. 16, 2010). 

</doc>
<doc id="18547867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547867" title="Saint George, Virginia">
Saint George, Virginia

Saint George is an unincorporated community in Greene County, Virginia, United States.
Saint George is home to the Blue Ridge School.

</doc>
<doc id="18547868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547868" title="Shady Grove, Virginia">
Shady Grove, Virginia

Shady Grove is an unincorporated community in Greene County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18547869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547869" title="Simmons Gap, Virginia">
Simmons Gap, Virginia

Simmons Gap is an unincorporated community in Greene County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18547872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547872" title="Ehime Women's College">
Ehime Women's College


</doc>
<doc id="18547875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547875" title="Upper Pocosin, Virginia">
Upper Pocosin, Virginia

Upper Pocosin is an unincorporated community in Greene County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18547882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547882" title="Williams Fork, Virginia">
Williams Fork, Virginia

Williams Fork is an unincorporated community in Greene County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18547896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547896" title="Chiba Keiai Junior College">
Chiba Keiai Junior College


</doc>
<doc id="18547897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547897" title="Senning's Park">
Senning's Park

Senning's Park was a park located across New Cut Road from Iroquois Park in Louisville, Kentucky, on the site of present-day Colonial Gardens. It was the site of the first zoo in Louisville, Kentucky's largest city.
Zoo days.
Senning's Park was started in 1902 by a German immigrant to Louisville from Kesse, Germany named Frederick Carl Senning, who immigrated to the Derby City in 1868. Prior to opening the park, he and his wife Minnie founded the Senning Hotel at 2nd and Jefferson in downtown Louisville, as well as the first bowling alley in Louisville, at the corner of 8th of Main in downtown Louisville.
The park started on two and a half acres owned by Fredrika Oswald before he died. It benefited from being only a block from the loop that electric streetcars used on Fourth Street. Initially it did not have a zoo, but instead focused on dancing and dining; picnics and political rallies were common at the facility.
The zoo was started during the Prohibition era, and barely survived the Great Depression. In 1920, the Sennings' son William began the zoo operations, with his parents going on a trip to Europe. Animals present in the zoo included alligators, bears, deer, exotic birds, leopards, lions, monkeys, ostriches (for riding), and tigers. However, the keep of the exotic animals became expensive, and in 1939 the park was closed due to Frederick Senning's death. The park was sold at auction for $15,000 the following year. The new owner, B. A. Watson, opened a restaurant on the property called Colonial Gardens, and promptly closed the zoo. Its successor, the current Louisville Zoo, would not open until 1969.
Colonial Gardens.
Colonial Gardens featured big bands during the 1940s. However, it had its own difficulties as well; it lost its right to sell rationed foods in 1944, and was found to have an illegal gambling device on the premises on January 13, 1948. A fire on August 16, 1950 caused $10,000 in damages. In the 1950s it served as both a hangout for teens, as well as a bar. Jerry Lee Lewis is said to have performed at the restaurant; also, local oral history holds that Elvis Presley had an unscheduled performance at the restaurant in 1956, as it was close to the home of his grandparents, whom he was visiting at the time.
The last business operating in Colonial Gardens closed in 2003, and the building was then abandoned by the owners. By the Spring of 2008, it was in danger of being demolished, although a hold on any demolition was in effect until August 11, 2008. In hopes of saving the building, a petition to declare the building and adjacent property an "Individual Local Landmark" was begun simultaneously. One rationale for the petition, among several other historical distinctions, was the fact that the building was the last of the beer gardens that once dominated the South end of Louisville. On November 20, 2008, the petition was passed, and the Louisville Metro Landmarks Commission named Colonial Gardens an Individual Local Landmark.
In 2012, Louisville City Councilman David Yates proposed an ordinance to change "the way the Landmarks Commission designates an individual structure as a landmark," which would permit residents in the immediate vicinity to have more input into historic preservation decisions, such as Colonial Gardens. Various controversies ensued. Finally, in June, 2013, "the Louisville Metro Council approved an ordinance that will allow the city to purchase the Colonial Gardens property by a 16-3 vote."

</doc>
<doc id="18547903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547903" title="Rock and Roll Acid Test">
Rock and Roll Acid Test

Rock and Roll Acid Test is a television show on the Fuse TV network that takes a scientific look at rock and roll, and then recreates the findings to demonstrate the extreme limits of rock.
Format.
Each episode has a general theme with three specific investigations pertaining to it. The hosts perform their initial research, analyze the results, and then build a variety of machines that mimic the insanity of the rock and roll lifestyle.

</doc>
<doc id="18547905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547905" title="David Wallis Reeves">
David Wallis Reeves

David Wallis Reeves (February 14, 1838 – March 8, 1900), also known as D. W. Reeves or Wally Reeves, was an American composer, cornetist, and bandleader. He developed the American march style, later made famous by the likes of John Philip Sousa, and his innovations include adding a countermelody to the American march form in 1876. Sousa called Reeves "The Father of Band Music in America", and stated he wished he himself had written Reeves' "Second Regiment Connecticut National Guard March". Charles Ives also borrowed from the "Second Connecticut" on four occasions.
Reeves was born on February 14, 1838, in Oswego, New York. In the early 1850s, he joined the Oswego band as an alto horn player, but soon moved to cornet, the instrument for which he would become famous. He occasionally performed with Jules Levy, another famous cornetist of the period. In 1871, he married Sarah Blanding. Blanding had a daughter from a previous marriage, and they were later to have a son, David W. Reeves, Jr.
Reeves was a cornetist with the Dodworth Band of New York before being recruited by the American Brass Band of Providence, Rhode Island in 1866. He joined the ensemble on February 17, and was elected its leader on April 9. His initial compensation was $600 per year, plus the proceeds of one concert, in return for which he agreed to conduct the band on all occasions. He eventually added woodwinds to the formerly all-brass band, which became known as Reeves' American Band. It was known as one of the best marching bands in the country during his tenure. In 1892, he accepted the directorship of Patrick Gilmore's Twenty-Second New York Regiment band after Gilmore's death, but returned to the American Band after a year. Later in the 1890s, he served as a judge for the New York Volunteer Firemen's Association's band competitions.
In 1878, Reeves led a performance of "H.M.S. Pinafore", using a boat for the stage, which Arthur Sullivan took note of.
Early in 1900, he contracted Bright's disease. He died on March 8, 1900. His funeral service took place at the First Baptist Church in America, where he had frequently led the American Band as part of Brown University's Commencement ceremonies, and included a performance of his "Immortalis" by the American Band. Sousa sent 200 roses in his memory. He was buried at Swan Point Cemetery with Masonic honors.
By the time of his death in 1900, he had composed over 100 works. In 1926, a marble fountain was built as a memorial to Reeves in Roger Williams Park in Providence.

</doc>
<doc id="18547908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547908" title="O'Brien Bay">
O'Brien Bay

O'Brien Bay () is a bay lying between Bailey Peninsula and Mitchell Peninsula on the Budd Coast. First mapped from air photos taken by U.S. Navy Operation Highjump and Operation Windmill in 1947 and 1948. Named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for Lieutenant Clement E. O'Brien, United States Navy, communications officer with U.S. Navy Operation Windmill which established astronomical control stations in the Windmill Islands in 1948.

</doc>
<doc id="18547916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547916" title="O'Brien Island">
O'Brien Island

O'Brien Island is a small rocky island in the South Shetland Islands of Antarctica. It lies south-west of Aspland Island and rises to 540 m. The name dates back to at least 1822 and is now established in international usage.
Important Bird Area.
The island has been identified as an Important Bird Area (IBA) by BirdLife International because there are records (from 1977) of it supporting large breeding colonies of Chinstrap Penguins (21,000 pairs) and Southern Fulmars (8000 pairs).

</doc>
<doc id="18547927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547927" title="O'Brien Peak">
O'Brien Peak

O'Brien Peak () is a rock peak, 670 m, standing 3 nautical miles (6 km) west of the north extremity of Medina Peaks, along the edge of the Ross Ice Shelf. Discovered in December 1929 by the Byrd Antarctic Expedition geological party under Laurence Gould, and named by Byrd for John S. O'Brien, surveyor with that party.

</doc>
<doc id="18547931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547931" title="Showagakuin Junior College">
Showagakuin Junior College


</doc>
<doc id="18547937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547937" title="O'Cain Point">
O'Cain Point

O'Cain Point () is a point lying 3 nautical miles (6 km) northwest of Duthoit Point on the east side of Nelson Island, in the South Shetland Islands. The name O'Cain's Island, after the American sealing vessel "O'Cain" (Captain Jonathan Winship) from Boston, MA, was applied by the Stonington sealers in 1820-21 to Nelson Island, but this name did not become established. O'Cain Point was applied by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee (UK-APC) in 1961 to preserve the American name in the area.

</doc>
<doc id="18547938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547938" title="Ezekiel Jackson">
Ezekiel Jackson

Rycklon Stephens (born April 22, 1978) is a Guyanese
bodybuilder and professional wrestler. He is signed in WWE working under the ring name Ezekiel Jackson. Stephens is a one-time world champion, having won the ECW Championship in February 2010, and is recognized by WWE as the final ECW Champion. He is also a one-time Intercontinental Champion.
Early life.
Stephens attended University at Buffalo. After graduating from Buffalo in 1996, he enlisted with the United States Marine Corps.
Professional wrestling career.
World Wrestling Entertainment / WWE.
Florida Championship Wrestling (2007–2008).
Stephens signed a developmental contract with World Wrestling Entertainment in March 2007 and debuted in Florida Championship Wrestling (FCW) in late June. In his debut match on June 27, he teamed with Keith Walker to defeat Kofi Kingston and Eric Pérez. He continued to compete in the promotion in both tag team and singles matches. On February 8, 2008 he competed in a match with tag partner Bryan Kelly in a losing effort against Steve Lewington and Heath Miller in a mini-tournament to face the WWE Tag Team Champions John Morrison and The Miz. On May 6, 2008, Stephens wrestled his final match in FCW before being called up to WWE's main roster.
The Brian Kendrick's bodyguard (2008–2009).
After being trained in FCW, Stephens debuted on the July 18, 2008 episode of "SmackDown" under the name Ezekiel, as The Brian Kendrick's bodyguard. On the August 8, 2008 edition of "SmackDown", his ring name was tweaked to Ezekiel Jackson, and he was revealed as being Kendrick's "advisor". He then began interfering in Kendrick's matches against Jeff Hardy, Finlay, and WWE Champion Triple H. On the October 17 episode of "SmackDown", Jackson made his official in-ring debut by quickly defeating Super Crazy, after replacing a supposedly sick Kendrick. In late 2008, Jackson began teaming with Kendrick and both began feuding with the Tag Team Champions The Colóns (Carlito and Primo), although Kendrick and Jackson failed to win the championship. He suffered his first defeat on the February 13, 2009 episode of "SmackDown", when he lost a singles match to R-Truth. Jackson made his final appearance on the SmackDown brand in a losing effort against Jeff Hardy on the April 3, 2009 episode.
The Ruthless Roundtable and final ECW Champion (2009–2010).
On April 15, 2009, Jackson was drafted to the ECW brand as part of the 2009 Supplemental Draft, therefore breaking up the team of himself and Kendrick. Jackson returned to FCW for further training, however, without making an immediate appearance for the brand. He made his ECW debut defeating Jack Meridol on the July 9, 2009 episode. Jackson then began an angle with Vladimir Kozlov in which, week after week, after one of them had squashed a local competitor, the other would come out and hit their finishing move on the fallen opponent in a game of one-upmanship. On the August 18 episode of "ECW", Jackson formed an alliance with Kozlov and William Regal after betraying the ECW Champion, Christian, during a tag team match to side with them, and attacking Christian at Regal's request. Kozlov and Jackson aided Regal in his feud with Christian over the ECW Championship, but Regal was unable to capture the title.
On the November 24 episode of "ECW", Jackson attacked both Regal and Kozlov after Kozlov accused Jackson of costing Regal a match. The following week, Jackson once again betrayed Kozlov and Regal by walking out on Kozlov during a tag team match against Christian and Shelton Benjamin. Jackson, however, realigned himself with Regal, when he was aided by Regal in defeating Kozlov on an episode of "ECW". On the January 12, 2010 episode of "ECW", Jackson won the ECW Homecoming battle royal to earn a match for the ECW Championship. He faced Christian for the ECW championship at the Royal Rumble pay-per-view but was unsuccessful. On the final episode of "ECW" on February 16, Jackson defeated Christian to win the ECW Championship in an Extreme Rules match. Upon winning the title, WWE credited Jackson as the final ECW Champion.
The Corre and Intercontinental Champion (2010–2011).
On the February 19 episode of "SmackDown", a video package aired, promoting Jackson's return to the brand. He made his return on the March 5 episode of "SmackDown" without Regal, who instead joined "Raw", and defeated Jimmy Wang Yang. On April 10, 2010 at a house show in Glasgow, Scotland, Jackson suffered a tear in his right quadriceps muscle during a match against Kane, and was expected to be inactive for approximately six months. During his injury, Jackson was drafted to the Raw brand as part of the 2010 WWE Supplemental Draft.
Jackson made his return to the ring on September 13, 2010, defeating Zack Ryder in a dark match prior to the "Raw" tapings. He returned to television on the October 18 episode of "Raw", where he was revealed as a member of Team Raw for the Bragging Rights pay-per-view. At Bragging Rights, Jackson was one of the final two remaining members of Team Raw, but they lost to Team SmackDown. On the November 22 episode of "Raw", Jackson qualified for the 2010 edition of the King of the Ring tournament by defeating Alex Riley, who replaced Jackson's original opponent The Miz. He faced Drew McIntyre in the quarter-finals, but the match ended in a double countout, so neither advanced.
In December 2010, Jackson was traded back to the SmackDown brand. On the January 11, 2011, taping of the January 14 edition of "SmackDown", Jackson joined Wade Barrett, Justin Gabriel and Heath Slater in assaulting The Big Show, appearing to form an alliance with the three. The following week the group was named The Corre. On the May 6 episode of "SmackDown", Jackson defeated Big Show in a singles match, but refused to celebrate with the other members of The Corre afterward. Backstage, the other members of The Corre attacked him in retaliation, turning Jackson face.
Jackson went on to face Barrett for the Intercontinental Championship at Over the Limit, and won by disqualification, which meant that Barrett retained the championship. Jackson continued to feud with the other members of The Corre, winning against Barrett by disqualification and countout respectively.
On June 19, at the Capitol Punishment pay-per-view, Jackson defeated Barrett to win the Intercontinental Championship. Jackson retained the championship in a rematch against Barrett on the following episode of "SmackDown" and also successfully defended it against Ted DiBiase on the July 15 episode. On August 12 episode of "SmackDown", Jackson lost the Intercontinental Championship to Cody Rhodes. He went on to feud with both Rhodes and DiBiase. On the August 19 episode of "SmackDown", he lost a rematch for the championship to Rhodes. Jackson was part of a ten man battle royal for the Intercontinental Championship and was eliminated by Rhodes.
Hiatus (2012–present).
On January 29, 2012 at the Royal Rumble pay-per-view, Jackson entered the Royal Rumble match as the thirteenth entrant, but was eliminated by the returning The Great Khali. Jackson started a losing streak losing to the likes of Jinder Mahal, Drew McIntyre, and David Otunga. Jackson finally ended his losing streak by teaming with The Great Khali to defeat Curt Hawkins and Tyler Reks on the May 16 episode of "NXT".
Around mid–2012, Jackson suffered an upper-body injury and was sidelined for many months. After almost a year of inactivity due to his injury, Jackson returned at a live event for Wrestlemania Axxess on April 4, 2013 by teaming up with Yoshi Tatsu to defeat Hunico and Camacho. On January 4, 2014, Jackson announced another surgery.

</doc>
<doc id="18547940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547940" title="Leonard Adamov">
Leonard Adamov

Leonard Illarionovich Adamov (, ; born March 10, 1941 in Odessa; died November 9, 1977 in Minsk) was a Ukrainian and Soviet football player. He committed suicide by jumping out of his apartment window.
International career.
Adamov played his only game for USSR on September 4, 1965 in a friendly against Yugoslavia.

</doc>
<doc id="18547941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547941" title="Genji Tsūshin Agedama">
Genji Tsūshin Agedama

Plot.
Agedama is a small boy going to elementary school and enduring the struggles of a boy of his age. He ends up becoming a superhero-in-training (called "Agedaman"). Along with Wapuro, his floating computer companion, he fights against a criminal organization who can turn humans into monsters of various types.

</doc>
<doc id="18547946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547946" title="Israeli Air Force Museum">
Israeli Air Force Museum

The Israeli Air Force Museum is located at Hatzerim Airbase in the Negev desert.
The museum was established in 1977 and is open to the public since 1991. The museum displays a variety of Israeli Air Force and foreign aircraft, as well as anti aircraft arms.

</doc>
<doc id="18547948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547948" title="Yakchim">
Yakchim

Yakchim is one of many methods of Traditional Korean Medicine treatment. It is also called Pharmacupuncture, Korean Herb-acupuncture and Acupuncture with medicinal herbs).
Definition.
Traditional Korean Medicine treatment of injecting herbal medicinal substances on the "gyeonghyeol" (經穴:Acupuncture points = the points of "kyungrak (=meridians經絡)) which acts as both acupucture stimulation and direct medicinal dosage.
Background.
It is also known as "Yakchim" (藥鍼)Immunization, "Suchim" (水针), "Yakchimyobeop"(a method of treatment of "Yakchim"), "Hyeolwi" (穴位) needle therapy. It is a type of medical science of Immunity (免疫医学) injecting to the important "gyeonghyeol" (經穴:Acupuncture points) ingredients extracted from oriental medical herbs.
It can also be said that the therapy of a needle for acupuncture is a method of treatment stimulating the human body externally and the medication therapy is stimulating the internal organs internally. It has an intention of improving the effectiveness of treatment by enforcing the two therapies simultaneously. 
In western pharmacodynamic sense, direct injection of medicinal substances into the body promotes quicker steadystate levels of substances either in the local tissue or in the blood stream, thus improving time-efficacy of the medicine (which has been a long concern when treating time-critical patients) 
It was developed by Nam Sang Chun(南相千) from South Korea who had researched the formation of "kyungrak" (=meridians經絡) in 1956 and has strengthened the immunity developing into a specialty of acupuncture field and since 1963 he has examined closely the functioning of "kyungrak" (=meridians經絡) using a syringe with herbal medication such as "sanjoin" (酸棗仁), "hwanggi" (黃芪: Astragalus membranaceus Bunge), ginseng (人蔘) and "nokyong" (鹿茸: the young antlers of the deer). 
It is distinguished that "gyeonghyeol" (經穴:Acupuncture points) has an effect by itself only with the stimulation of the needle, but can be achieved greater therapeutic effect with the injection of specific medicinal herbs. It is being researched and developed in several countries like South Korea, China and Japan and others, where the oriental therapies are prevalent. The department of the career of "Yakchim" has been implemented in the Korean Oriental medicine institute on August 26, 1990 in South Korea and the research and the diffusion about "Yakchim"( 藥鍼) has been progressing actively.
YakChim(藥鍼) is injecting remedy into the Kyonglak(經絡) system in order to maximize the effects and the time. Nowadays YakChim is used widely all around the world at the same time. Injections can be divided into Kije(氣劑) and Yunje. Kije(氣劑) is medicine injected directly injected into Kyonglak(經絡), and Yunje(潤劑) is a medicine that produces Ki(氣). Yunje works as a lubricating device.
References.
Ahn Sang-Woo "A reference to the original source of herb-acupuncture in methods" Journal of Korean Yakchim Association 1.1 January 1997: 87-102 <http://kmbase.medric.or.kr/Main.aspx?d=KMBASE&m=VIEW&i=1138519970010010087

</doc>
<doc id="18547949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547949" title="Weightlifting at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's 58 kg">
Weightlifting at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's 58 kg

The women's 58 kg weightlifting event was the third women's event at the weightlifting competition, with competitors limited to a maximum of 58 kilograms of body mass. The whole competition took place on August 11, but was divided in two parts due to the number of competitors. Group B weightlifters competed at 12:30, and Group A, at 15:30. This event was the fourth weightlifting event to conclude.
Each lifter performed in both the snatch and clean and jerk lifts, with the final score being the sum of the lifter's best result in each. The athlete received three attempts in each of the two lifts; the score for the lift was the heaviest weight successfully lifted.
Schedule.
All times are China Standard Time ()
Records.
Prior to this competition, the existing world and Olympic records were as follows.

</doc>
<doc id="18547958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547958" title="O'Connor Island">
O'Connor Island

O'Connor Island () is a rocky island, long, between Holl and Ford Islands in the south part of the Windmill Islands. First mapped from air photos taken by United States Navy Operation Highjump and Operation Windmill in 1947 and 1948. Named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for Joseph (Jerry) J. O'Connor, who served as air crewman with the eastern task group of U.S. Navy Operation Highjump, 1946–47, and assisted U.S. Navy Operation Windmill parties in establishing astronomical control stations between Wilhelm II Coast and Budd Coast during the 1947-48 season.

</doc>
<doc id="18547965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547965" title="O'Connor Nunataks">
O'Connor Nunataks

O'Connor Nunataks () is a group of rock exposures rising above the ice near the head of Balchen Glacier, 5 nautical miles (9 km) northeast of Griffith Nunataks in the Ford Ranges, Marie Byrd Land. Discovered by the United States Antarctic Service (USAS) in aerial flights over this area in 1940, and named for Raymond O'Connor, a member of the West Base of the USAS (1939–41).

</doc>
<doc id="18547972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547972" title="O'Connor Peak">
O'Connor Peak

O'Connor Peak () is a mountain peak, 675 m, standing west of Long Point on Barff Peninsula, South Georgia. Charted by a Norwegian Antarctic Expedition, 1927–28, and named Mount Bryde. Recharted by DI in 1929 and named after Midshipman W. P. O'Connor, Royal Navy Reserve, who assisted with the survey.

</doc>
<doc id="18547986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547986" title="O'Connors Rock">
O'Connors Rock

O'Connors Rock () is a rock 0.1 nautical miles (0.2 km) southwest of Stenhouse Bluff, King George Island, lying in Visca Anchorage in the north part of Admiralty Bay, in the South Shetland Islands. First charted by the French Antarctic Expedition, 1908–10, under Charcot. The name "O'Connor's Rock" was first used for this feature on a British chart and is probably after Midshipman W. P. O'Connor, Royal Navy Reserve, who assisted in a sketch survey of Visca Anchorage in the Discovery in 1927.

</doc>
<doc id="18547988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547988" title="O'Donnell Peak">
O'Donnell Peak

O'Donnell Peak () is a peak on the polar plateau, situated 5 nautical miles (9 km) west of Joice Icefall of the Millen Range. Mapped by United States Geological Survey (USGS) from surveys and United States Navy air photos, 1960–64. Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for Frank B. O'Donnell, meteorologist at Hallett Station in 1962.

</doc>
<doc id="18547998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547998" title="Cockatiel colour genetics">
Cockatiel colour genetics

The science of Cockatiel colour genetics deals with the heredity of colour variation in the feathers of the bird species commonly known as the Cockatiel, ("Nymphicus hollandicus"). About fifteen primary colour mutations have been established in the species and enable the production of many different combinations. 
Note : 
aka stands for also-known-as, 
cka stands for commonly-known-as
& ika stands for incorrectly-known-as
The multiple names for these mutations is due in part to different regions of the globe naming the same colour change a different term. This does not mean that it is a different mutation. It only means it is a different name.
Colour mutations are a natural but very rare phenomenon that oddly occur in either captivity or the wild.
The "Normal Grey" or "Wild-type" cockatiel's plumage is primarily grey with prominent white flashes on the outer edges of each wing. The face of the male is yellow or white, while the face of the female is primarily grey or light grey, and both genders feature a round orange area on both ear areas, often referred to as "cheek patches." This orange colouration is generally vibrant in adult males, and often quite muted in females. Visual sexing is often possible with this variant of the bird.
"Whiteface" cockatiels have their yellow pigments deactivated by an autosomal recessive gene, resulting in a cock with a truly white face and a hen with a more typical mottled grey face.
This means, there is no yellow or orange colouring in a whiteface cockatiel.
The "Lutino" sex-linked recessive mutation is a perfect example of a type of cockatiel that are the hardest to sex visually. Lutinos lack eumelanin pigment (enabling black, brown, grey colours and tones) and are consequently yellow to yellowish-white with orange cheek-patches. Adult female Lutinos as well as immature Lutinos of both genders display yellow bars, dots and/or stripes on the underside of their tail feathers. While mature males always display solid white coloured undersides of tail-feathers.
Unfortunately, a good number of Cockatiels of all Ino mutations and varieties (Albino ika Whitefaced Ino, Palefaced Ino aka Creamino, Lutino, Opaline-Ino aka Pearlino, etc.) are usually affected with a transmittable genetic flaw monstrously enlarging the bald-spot below the crest, due to irresponsible excessive in-breeding and a general lack of effort, ethics & responsibility breeders to breed it out.
"Pied" cockatiel plumage patterns vary significantly from animal to animal, giving rise to cockatiel breeders and hobbyists' "heavy pied" and "light pied" loose distinctions. Unfortunately, the degree in piedness remains quite genetically unpredictable. However, breeding heavily pied specimens together generally produces a higher percentage of heavily pied offsprings than breeding lesser pied specimens together. Ultimately, the "pied" mutation causes the bird to lack a majority of the typical gray plumage on the breast, belly, and head. Thus "pied" cockatiels are characterised by the degree of their yellow or yellow-white colouring in these areas.
It is important to know that, throughout Parrot species the ADMpied (AntiDiMorphic Pied) gene negates the male's ability from ever displaying his species' dimorphic features. Leading to ADMpied cockatiels being notoriously difficult to sex visually but being excellent examples for studies in genetic traits. However, in monomorphic species (i.e. Conures, Lovebirds, Macaws, Rosellas) the Anti-Di-Morphic (hence ADMpied) feature cannot be expressed but Piedness still is and in these species such Pied specimens are called either Recessivepied and/or Harlequin.
Cinnamon and Opaline ("Pearled") mutations are sex-linked recessive. In Cinnamons, the melanin pigment is modified in such a way that eumelanin pigments are stopped at the brown stage of their development to becoming black. 
Here is an excellent description of the pearled cockatiel:
The Pearl Cockatiels gene does not have any visual affect on the colour pigments in the bird but instead it affects the distribution of the colours that are already present. It actually decreases the spread of the grey family of pigments (melanin) and increases the spread of the yellow pigments (psittacins). Individual feathers over most of a pearled bird will have more of the yellow family of pigments visible giving them a scalloped pattern. 
It is especially interesting to note that males do not retain the pearled colourings. They soon lose this after their first molt. Though you may not be able to see this pattern, it is not essentially gone. It is only covered up by more grey pigment.
There are a tremendous number of colour varieties (combined mutations), including ADMpied Cinnamon, Albino (ika Whitefaced Ino), Opaline Cinnamon (aka Pearled Cinnamon), Palefaced Lutino (aka Creamino), Whitefaced Cinnamon and Whitefaced Opaline (Pearl).
The Albino (ika Whitefaced Ino) Cockatiel is the exact genetic equivalent of any other Albino combination mutation in other Parrot species such as the Budgerigar, the celestial aka Pacific Parrotlet, the Indian-ringnecked aka Rose-ringed Parakeet, the splendid aka Scarlet-chested Parrot and the white-eye-ringed Lovebird species. This mutation is always produced by combining the genuine Whitefaced mutation (otherwise called Blue mutation in all Lories, Lorikeets and/or typical Parrot species) and Complete Albinistic (either NSLino and/or SL Ino) mutations together.
Mutations can appear both individually or in a wide variety of combinations such as Albino (ika Whitefaced Ino), Pearled Lutino (aka PearlIno), Whitefaced Pied and Opaline-Cinnamon (aka Pearled-Cinnamon). Still fairly hard to find is the rather new Yellow-suffused (ika 'Emerald and/or 'Olive') mutation. Cockatiels do not actually have green pigment to their plumage, thus Yellow-suffused specimens don't either. The yellow suffusion combined with underlying black (or brown in Cinnamon specimens) pigmentation produces an illusion of greenish tones giving rise to the genetically incorrect common names of 'Emerald and/or 'Olive' for this trait.
Many mutations retain the normal features (black eyes, grey beak, grey feet/skin and black toe nails) of Wild-type (Grey) Cockatiels. However, ;
Fallow and Ino mutations have pink to red eyes, pink feet/skin, white-tipped clear (pink) toe nails and pinkish-white beaks. 
Cinnamon specimens look quite essentially alike Wildtype (aka Normal Grey) specimens, with the exception of being pure-brown where Wildtypes are grey and hatching with wine-red eyes (turning to brown between 5 & 15 days of age) and brown eyes in adulthood.
Sex-linked mutations such as Cinnamon, Ino, Opaline, Platinum (ika 'Pallid') and/or SL-Yellowfaced have a higher ratio of female to male offsprings due to the mode of inheritance.

</doc>
<doc id="18547999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547999" title="Vyacheslav Andreyuk">
Vyacheslav Andreyuk

Vyacheslav Alekseyevich Andreyuk () (11 April 1945, in Moscow – 23 February 2010) was a Soviet football player.
International career.
Andreyuk made his debut for USSR on October 23, 1966 in a friendly against East Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="18548000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18548000" title="O'Hara Glacier">
O'Hara Glacier

O'Hara Glacier () is a glacier just west of Ackroyd Point, flowing northwest into the south side of Yule Bay, Victoria Land. Mapped by United States Geological Survey (USGS) from surveys and United States Navy air photos, 1960-63. Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for Norbert W. O'Hara, a member of the United States Antarctic Research Program (USARP) party which conducted studies of the Ross Ice Shelf, 1965-66.

</doc>
