<doc id="18506670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506670" title="E4 European long distance path">
E4 European long distance path

The E4 European long distance path or E4 path is one of the European long-distance paths. Starting at its westernmost point in Spain it continues through France, Switzerland, Germany, Austria, Hungary, Romania and Bulgaria to end in Greece. It visits the Greek island of Crete as well as Cyprus.
Its length is more than 10,000 km, but the route through Romania and part of Bulgaria is not yet completely defined.
Spain.
From: Tarifa, southernmost point of mainland Spain 
through mountains of Andalucia, Murcia and Valencia via Ronda, Alhama de Granada, Moratalla, Alcoi, Requena, Morella (GR7)
2300 km 
Puigcerda in Pyrenees E of Andorra 
Catalan coast at Ulldecona (GR8), Tarragona via Catalan coast path (GR92), Montserrat (GR172), then GR4 into Pyrenees
450 km
France.
Montagne Noire Via Mont Canigou and Carcassonne (GR 36), 
Villefort through Haut Languedoc and Cévennes (GR 71, GR 7, GR 72), 
Ardèche and Rhône valleys east via GR 44, GR 4, GR 42, 429, Swiss border near Geneva
N through Vercors, Grenoble, Chartreuse and Culoz (GR 9) 
1100 km
Switzerland.
Follows the Jura ridgeway through the north of the country ending at village Dielsdorf. (300 km)
From Dielsdorf, the E4 continues along S shores of Lake Constance via following settlements to village Rheineck at German borders. (150 km)
Niederglatt - Bülach - Freienstein-Teufen - Irchel - Buch am Irchel - Dorf - Andelfingen - Truttikon - Oberstammheim - Stein am Rhein - Mammern - Steckborn - Berlingen - Mannebach - Ermatingen - Gottlieben - Kreuzlingen - Münsterlingen - Güttingen - Uttwil - Romanshorn - Egnach - Arbon - Steinach - Tübach - Goldach - Rorschacherberg - Buchberg - Rheineck
Germany/Austria.
Alternative 1: 
On the route of Nordalpine Weitwanderweg 01 (Nordalpine route 01) are exposed stretches - for experienced mountain walkers only 
1. Western section of the route – 495 km
through Bregenzer Wald, Lechquellengebirge, Lechtaler Alps, Wetterstein-gebirge, Karwendelgebirge and Rofangebirge:
Bregenz (440 m) – Lustenauer Hut (1250 m) – 22 km, middle difficult tour 
Lustenauer Hut (1250 m) – Damüls (1428 m) – 33 km, difficult tour 
Damüls (1428 m) – Biberacher Hut (1846 m) – 18 km, very difficult tour 
Biberacher Hut (1846 m) – Göppinger Hut (2245 m) – 16 km, difficult tour 
Göppinger Hut (2245 m) – Ravensburger Hut (2234 m) – 31 km, very difficult tour 
Ravensburger Hut (2234 m) – Stuttgarter Hut (2303 m) – 20 km, difficult tour 
Stuttgarter Hut (2303 m) – Ansbacher Hut (2376 m) – 28 km, very difficult tour 
Ansbacher Hut (2376 m) – Memminger Hut (2242 m), 25 km, very difficult tour 
Memminger Hut (2242 m) – Steinsee Hut (2040 m) – 20 km, very difficult tour 
Steinsee Hut (2040 m) – Anhalter Hut (2040 m) – 25 km, difficult tour 
Anhalter Hut (2040 m) – Fernpass (1209 m) – 35 km, difficult tour 
Fernpass (1209 m) – Ehrwald (994 m) – 20 km, middle difficult tour 
Ehrwald (994 m) – Meiler Hut (2366 m) – 39 km, difficult tour 
Meiler Hut (2366 m) – Scharnitz (964 m) – 30 km, middle difficult tour 
Scharnitz (964 m) – Falken Hut (1846 m) – 30 km, middle difficult tour 
Falken Hut (1846 m) – Murach am Achsensee (958 m) – 35 km, middle difficult tour 
Maurach am Achsensee (958 m) – Steinberg am Rofan (1010 m) – 25 km, difficult tour 
Steinberg am Rofan (1010 m) – Kufstein (504 m) – 43 km, easy tour 
2. Middle section of the route – 441 km 
through Kaisergebirge, Chiemgau Alps, Loferer Steingebirge, Hochkönig and Steinernes Meer, Tennengebirge, Dachstein Mountains and Totes Gebirge: 
Kufstein (504 m) – Stripsenjoch Haus (1580 m) – 19 km, middle difficult tour 
Stripsenjoch Haus (1580 m) – Straubinger Haus (1598 m) – 35 km, middle difficult tour 
Straubinger Haus (1598 m) – Schmidt-Zabierow Hut (1966 m) – 39 km, difficult tour 
Schmidt-Zabierow Hut (1966 m) – Lofer (626 m) – 16 km, middle difficult tour 
Lofer (626 m) – Ingolstatter Haus (2199 m) – 31 km, middle difficult tour 
Ingolstatter Haus (2199 m) – Riemann Haus (2177 m) – 8 km, middle difficult tour 
Riemann Haus (2177 m) – Franz-Eduard-Matras Haus (2941 m) – 25 km, very difficult tour on glacier 
Franz-Eduard-Matras Haus (2941 m) – Werfen (548 m) – 27 km, difficult tour on glacier 
Werfen (548 m) – Lungötz (828 m) – 33 km, middle difficult tour 
Lungötz (828 m) – Adamek Hut (2196 m) – 29 km, very difficult tour 
Adamek Hut (2196 m) – Simony Hut (2206 m) – 12 km, very difficult tour on glacier 
Simony Hut (2206 m) – Bad Goisern (500 m) – 32 km, middle difficult tour 
Bad Goisern (500 m) – Loser Hut (1497 m) – 34 km, middle difficult tour 
Loser Hut (1497 m) – Pühringer Hut (1638 m) – 25 km, middle difficult tour 
Pühringer Hut (1638 m) – Priel Refuge Hut (1422 m) – 20 km, difficult tour 
Priel Refuge Hut (1422 m) – Vorderstoder (660 m) – 18 km, middle difficult tour 
Vorderstoder (660 m) – Spital am Pyhrn (647 m) – 38 km, middle difficult tour 
3. Eastern section of the route – 478 km 
Through Rax, Semmeringgebiet, Bucklige Welt and Rosaliengebirge 
Spital am Pyhrn (647 m) – Admont (641 m) – 24 km, middle difficult tour 
Admont (641 m) – Hess Hütte (1699 m) – 35 km, middle difficult tour 
Hess Hütte (1699 m) – Radmer an der Stube (702 m) – 20 km, difficult tour 
Radmer an der Stube (702 m) – Eisenerz (769 m) – 20 km, middle difficult tour 
Eisenerz (769 m) – Sonnschien Hut (1525 m) – 25 km, middle difficult tour 
Sonnschien Hut (1525 m) – Voisthaler Hütte (1660 m) – 1660 m) – 17 km, middle difficult tour 
Voisthaler Hütte (1660 m) – Turnaueralm (1570 m) – 25 km, middle difficult tour 
Turnaueralm (1570 m) – Neuberg, Krampen im Mürztal (756 m) – 31 km, middle difficult tour 
Neuberg, Krampen im Mürztal (756 m) – Schneealpen Haus (1788 m) – 31 km, middle difficult tour 
Schneealpen Haus (1788 m) – Karl-Ludwig Haus (1803 m) – 21 km, difficult tour 
Karl-Ludwig Haus (1803 m) – Waxriegel Haus (1361 m) – 12 km, middle difficult tour 
Waxriegel Haus (1361 m) – Maria Schutz (760 m) – 30 km, middle difficult tour 
Maria Schutz (760 m) – Hochwolkersdorf (625 m) – 48 km, easy tour 
Hochwolkersdorf (625 m) – Mattersburg (256 m) – 17 km, easy tour 
After town Mattersburg the route of the E4 leaves the Nordalpine Weitwanderweg 01, and goes on other paths further. 
Mattersburg (256 m) – Rust (123 m) – 32 km, easy tour 
Rust (123 m) – Drassburg (234 m) – 20 km, easy tour 
Drassburg (234 m) – Kabersdorf (320 m) – 28 km, easy tour 
Kabersdorf (320 m) – Hochstrass (421 m) – 25 km, easy tour 
Hochstrass (421 m) – Köszeg (271 m, border crossing point in Hungary) – 17 km, easy tour 
Remark: 
Generally there are detours on the route of E4 to avoid the very difficult sections. 
You can find map sketches and description about the whole route in the book „Von Neusiedler See zum Bodensee – Nordalpiner Weitwanderweg 01” in German.
'"Alternative 2: 
Subalpine route"' 
to: Salzburg 
Through Allgäu and Upper Bavaria via Neuschwanstein, Unterammergau, Bavarian Lakes (04)
550 km 
to: Wienerwald 
via Salzkammergut (04) 
550 km 
to: Hainburg an der Donau
E Austrian border path (07) 
150 km
Hungary.
On the route of the Országos Kéktúra (Countrywide Blue Tour in Hungary) – 1063 km 
Through the Little Hungarian Plain and along the Transdanubian Mountains and the North Hungarian Mountains. 
Town Kőszeg (border crossing point) – peak of Irottkő – town Sárvár through the Mountains of Kőszeg and the Little Hungarian Plain – 70 km 
Town Sárvár – town Sümeg through the Little Hungarian Plain – 70 km 
Town Sümeg – town Keszthely and Lake Balaton through the Highland of Balaton – 47 km 
Town Keszthely – town Tapolca – village Nagyvázsony through the Basin of Tapolca and the Highland of Balaton. On the basin the path climbs almost every spent volcano: Badacsony, Gulács, Csobánc and Szent György Mountain – 83 km 
Village Nagyvázsony – village Városlőd – town Zirc – village Bodajk through the Bakony Mountains – 118 km 
Village Bodajk – village Szárliget through the Vértes Mountains – 48 km 
Village Szárliget – town Dorog through the Hilly Country of Gerecse – 67 km 
Town Dorog – Budapest through the Pilis Mountains and Mountains of Buda – 40 km 
Budapest – peak of Dobogókö (700 m) – village Visegrád, Danube Bend through the Buda and Pilis Mountains – 61 km 
Village Visegrád – village Nagymaros – with ferry across the Danube 
Village Nagymaros – peak of Hegyes-kö (centre mountain of Danube Bend) – village Kóspallag – peak of Csóványos (938 m) – village Nógrád through the Börzsöny Mountains – 38 km 
Village Nógrád – village Becske – village Hollókő, it is a World Heritage Site – village Mátraverebély through the Hilly Country of Cserhát – 119 km 
Village Mátraverebély – peak of Galyatetö – peak of Kékestető, 1014 m, the highest point of Hungary – village Sirok – village Szarvaskő through the Mátra Mountains – 65 km 
Village Szarvaskő – village Bélapátfalva – village Bánkút – village Putnok – through the Bükk Mountains – 55 km 
Village Putnok – village Aggtelek, its stalactite cave is a World Heritage Site – village Bódvaszilas through the Hilly Country of Aggtelek – 62 km 
Village Bódvaszilas – village Boldogkőváralja through the Hilly Country of Cserehát – 65 km 
Village Boldogkőváralja – town Sátoraljaújhely through the Zemplén Mountains – 55 km 
In Sátoraljaújhely the route of the E4 leaves the path of the Countrywide Blue Tour and goes further on the route of Blue Tour of the Plain 
On the route of Alföldi Kéktúra (Blue Tour of the Plain) – 262 km 
Through the Great Hungarian Plain 
Town Sátoraljaujhely – town Kisvárda – 63 km 
Town Kisvárda – town Nyirbátor – 46 km 
Town Nyirbátor – town Bánk – 75 km 
Town Bánk – village Nagykereki – 78 km 
After village Nagykereki the E4 leaves the path of Alföldi Kéktúra and goes to village Ártánd (border crossing point) – appr. 6 km 
Remark: 
You can find detailed hiker maps and travelogues about the section of the Országos Kéktúra in Hungarian in the following books: 
Az Országos Kéktúra Írottkötöl Budapest, Hüvösvölgyig 
Az Országos Kéktúra Budapest, Hüvösvölgytöl Hollóházáig 
There are websites of Hungarian hikers about the completion of the Országos Kéktúra: 
Romania.
The route of the E4 through Romania is not yet clearly defined. No organization is responsible for the trail's upkeep in Romania.
Bulgaria.
In the Rila and Pirin Mountains, it is not marked as such, but the main trail leading through those mountains, marked in red, should be followed. Coming from Verila, the trail enters Rila following the Saparevska Vada irrigation ditch. It passes through the Seven Rila Lakes area and then climbs onto the ridge passing Malyovitsa peak. It continues via the shelter Kobilino Branishte, the hut at Ribni Ezera and the hut Macedonia towards the Predel saddle which separates Rila from Pirin.
From Predela, it reaches the main ridge of Pirin via the hut Yavorov and follows it via the three highest peaks of Pirin (Banski Suhodol, Kutelo and Vihren) and the ridge Koncheto, before descending to the Vihren refuge. It continues on the ridge until the Vinarska Porta saddle, and then runs along Tevno Lake and down the Zhelezina stream towards Pirin hut. From there it is the only marked trail leading through the Central Pirin range, passing the peak Orelyak and the hut Popovi Livadi. It ends at Petrovo near the Greek border, where a bus to Kulata on the border can be taken. Total length within Bulgaria is 250 km.
Greece.
Introduction.
There is little up-to-date information available on E4 through Greece, but it appears that while a route exists from the Bulgarian border to the foot of the Peloponnese peninsula, it is still generally inadequately waymarked, especially at key points. E4 continues, via ferry from Yithio (Gythio), through Crete. The Greek website Oreivatein has some information on the route. E4 had originally been planned to start out from the Republic of Macedonia rather than Bulgaria.
The Greek National Tourist Office suggest that: "The E4 is ideal for hiking from May 15 until early October". However, the north can still be rainy in May, and while the weather should be settled by the 1st of May in Central Greece and the Peloponnese, there may be some rain, and brief, violent thunderstorms. Also snow may be a problem on Mt Olympus until mid-June (Cicerone Guide) and possibly other high places. The Tourist Office comments further: "The areas have a typical Mediterranean climate, with warm dry summers and considerable differences in day and night temperatures. Snowfall starts in November and snow is likely to linger into June". 
The Hellenic Federation of Mountaineering and Climbing is the organisation, along with associated clubs, which has established and maintains E4, and it has published a leaflet about E4 with text in English, French and German, as well as descriptions of E4 and E6, with maps, in English and German. 
An excellent overview of walking in Greece, including sections of E4, can be found in "The Mountains of Greece" by Tim Salmon. However, current local information should be sought whenever possible. 
As well as delays caused because of taking a wrong route, diversions may arise because it is blocked, or dangerously eroded, and streams and rivers may be impassable because of snow melt, or rain, especially in May. However, the warmth of both the Greek people and the sun, along with a sense of adventure, should more than make up for the frustrations. Some sections follow roads, and though this is less interesting there will be very little traffic, especially in May and June.
Accommodation will not be available every night, so that lightweight camping, or bivouac gear, is necessary, as well as several days supply of food. As bears, however few and shy, are found in the far north of Greece, follow the safely guidelines for hiking in bear country, especially with regard to the storing of food. The Cicerone guide offers invaluable advice on sleeping and eating. In May, in many areas, there may be plenty of springs and/or fast flowing streams, but it would be sensible to carry ample reserves of water—just in case. With regard to accommodation, the Oreivatein site should not be totally trusted, particularly its idiosyncratic use of the word 'motel' (a warning is also necessary with regard to hotels marked on maps). Even if there is a hotel it may only open in July and August, or at weekends. Mountain refuges will also usually be locked. Coffee shops, if they are open and still there, may provide simple meals. Many mountain villages are uninhabited in the winter and only begin to come alive again after Easter, and not fully until high summer. 
The times given between places on the Oreivatein web page should be verified and additional time allowed for possible delays. Walkers should also be prepared for long diversions, and never presume that you will reach the intended destination, including the final one, on time, or on a specific day. Thus flexible planning, including at least a couple of spare days, is advisable.
Maps.
Maps from Anavasi cover much of the route and some can be bought with a guide book, including the Taygetos 1:50,000 sheet.
Route of E.4 in Mainland Greece.
From Kulata (Bulgaria) the way crosses the border to Promachon (Promachonas). The route was originally planned to cross from the Republic of Macedonia to Florina.
See the Oreivatein web pages for fuller details. There is a separate more detailed page for the section from the Bulgarian border to Florina.
Way marking.
Aluminum signs: on white background a yellow Rombus with black frameworks, in which stands with black writing E4/6. Color-signs on rocks and trees: white background, a yellow parallelogram on the left and a black on the right.
Place Names.
Because of the transliteration from the Greek alphabet, the spelling of place names can be confusing (some places also have an official and a local, or old, name).
Northern Greece.
Promachon (Promachonas), Rodhopoli, Doirani, Archangelos, Pella, Loutraki, Skopos, Florina (300 km).
Nymphaeo, Amyntaeo (Amyndeo), Rizomata, Dion, Litochoro (Litohoro), Olympus, Kokkinopilos, Meteora, Agrafa, Krassochori, Viviani (Viniani).
Central Greece.
Karpenissi, Artotina], Kaloskopi, Delfi (Delphi), Itea (900 km, from Florina)
Peloponnese.
Diakofto, Kalavryta, Vytina, Tripoli, Sparti, Mystras, Refuge of Taygetos, Kastania, Gythio (Yithio) (300 km). 
Ferry to Kastelli Kissamou, Crete.
Crete.
See the web pages below for details of routes in Crete. There are in addition guide books listed in the bibliography above.
Cyprus.
Introduction.
This new section of the E4 was inaugurated in 2005, and is 539 km long. It connects Larnaka and Pafos international airports, traversing the Troodos mountain range and Akamas peninsula. A brochure has been published by the Cyprus Tourist Organisation (for online information, see external links above). There do not appear to be any good hiking maps for Cyprus.

</doc>
<doc id="18506699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506699" title="Lynn Gladden">
Lynn Gladden

Lynn Faith Gladden CBE, FRS is the Shell Professor of Chemical Engineering and was Head of the Department of Chemical Engineering and Biotechnology at the University of Cambridge up until 1 October 2010. She is also a Pro-Vice Chancellor from 1 January 2010 and a Fellow of Trinity College since 1999. She is the lead researcher at the university's magnetic resonance research centre (MRRC).
Education.
Gladden obtained a Bachelor of Science degre in Chemical Physics at the University of Bristol in 1982 and a PhD in Physical Chemistry at Cambridge in 1987. She is a Chartered Chemist and Chartered Engineer, being a Fellow of the Royal Society of Chemistry, the Institution of Chemical Engineers and the Institute of Physics.

</doc>
<doc id="18506704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506704" title="More Bounce to the Ounce">
More Bounce to the Ounce

"More Bounce to the Ounce" is an influential funk single recorded by the Ohio-based band Zapp, led by singer-songwriter Roger Troutman. Released in 1980 on the Warner Bros. Records label, the song was originally recorded in 1979 while Troutman's group was part of George Clinton's Uncle Jam Records. When the label folded due to tensions Clinton had with Warner Bros. Records (his label dispute also ended the releases of Parliament and Funkadelic albums after 1981), Troutman and the group moved to sign with the parent label cutting ties with Clinton. The song, which featured Troutman playing nearly all the instruments including his famous vocoder/talk box in which allowed him to perform all the vocals on the song. The song is noticeable for its chorus, its line to "get, get on the dance floor" and Troutman's opening coda, "more bounce..." in a deep tone. The song was also noticeable for its rhythmic hand-clapped beats. Roger's production of the song (Bootsy Collins, who played guitar on the song also, co-produced it too) would later be often-sampled by hip-hop artists such as MC Breed ("Ain't No Future in Yo Frontin"), EPMD ("You Gots to Chill") and The Notorious B.I.G. ("Goin' Back to Cali"). The original song eventually reached number two on the Billboard Hot Selling Soul Singles chart setting the group and its front man on their way to a successful tenure on the R&B charts throughout the 1980s. The song was featured on the "" in-game radio station "Wildstyle". The song was also featured in the 1991 hood film "Boyz n the Hood", as well as the 1995 French film "La Haine".

</doc>
<doc id="18506707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506707" title="Dalit Ezhilmalai">
Dalit Ezhilmalai

Dalit Ezhilmalai (born 1945) is a former Union minister of India. He is a leader of the Pattali Makkal Katchi, and was Union Minister of State, Health and Family Welfare (Independent Charge) during the second Vajpayee government in 1998-99. He was elected to the 12th Lok Sabha from Chidambaram. He later joined AIADMK and was elected as an AIADMK MP from Trichy (General) Consistency in the 2001 bye-election. He was born on 24 June 1945 in Chengai in Chingelput district in Tamil Nadu.
As an army officer he took part in the 1971 Indo-Pak war. He is a recipient of the K Sainik Seva Medal from the president for meritorious service in the Army.

</doc>
<doc id="18506718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506718" title="Burleigh Hall">
Burleigh Hall

Burleigh Hall was a country house situated near Loughborough in the county of Leicestershire. Its land now forms part of the campus of Loughborough University.
History.
An early reference to the Burleigh estate describes how during the March 1644 Battle of Cotes Bridge in the Civil War, Parliamentary forces chased Royalists "back to their garrison at Burleigh House" at which time it was in the possession of the Hastings family. Following these events it was the third William Jesson (1650–1711), grandson of William Jesson (1580–1651) the Coventry dyer, Mayor and MP, who established a family seat at Burleigh Hall. He married Penelope Villiers of the influential Villiers family of Brooksby on 23 January 1669, he having been knighted the previous year.
However this was short-lived as in 1700 the estate was taken over by the Tate family, in 1711 it was held by Henry Tate and stayed directly in the family until the death of George Tate on 18 April 1822. George Tate appears to have died with no close relatives, the following is an extract from "Bulletins and Other State Intelligence for the year 1849":
Whitehall, July 17, 1849<br>
The Queen as been pleased to grant unto Louisa Pinfold, of Wimpole-street, in the parish of Saint Mary-le-bone, in the county of Middlesex, and of Burleigh-hall, in the parish of Loughborough, in the county of Leicester, Spinster, Her royal licence and authority that, in compliance with an earnest wish expressed in the last will and testament of her cousin, George Tate, late of Langdown, in the county of Southampton, Esq. deceased, she may henceforth take and use the surname of Tate, in addition to and after her present surname of Pinfold, and may also bear the arms of Tate quarterly with those of Pinfold; such arms being first duly exemplified according to the laws of arms, and recorded in the Herald’s Office, otherwise the said licence to be void and of none effect
Miss Louisa Pinfold Tate died on 21 July at her residence in Wimpole Street, Marylebone, London, her death being reported in "The Gentleman's Magazine July–December, 1861" The next reference to the Hall's ownership comes in 1847 when there is again an end to the lineage of the owning family, Miss Julia Tate is described as being "wealthy and without a known living relative", with the author of an 1847 Tourist Guide describing how Miss Tate "...is not only a musician, but a linguist; has travelled on the continent, and was desirous of visiting the United States, and seeing a country of which she has read, and heard so much, both for and against."
In 1958 the then owner of the Burleigh Estate agreed to sell the whole of his land to Loughborough College of Technology, at which time it was around , this included Burleigh Hall which the College had intended to use as its administrative centre but its fabric had deteriorated to such an extent that it was decided that demolition was the best option.
The House.
In 1847 Burleigh Hall was described as being a mile from Garendon Park, and located in the middle of parkland containing deer. At this time the hall was owned by Miss Julia Tate who John Sherburne described as having selected a collection of paintings with much taste and placed her mark upon the property with it showing "the handiwork and judicious mind of woman".
The Hall was probably constructed in the second half of the seventeenth century, likely to be linked to the arrival of the Jesson family. Given a Georgian appearance around a century later, it was described as having an "ornate pedimented facade faced eastwards towards the town, and plainer one, westwards towards Charnwood Forest" at the time of its demolition.
Having been an estate of around in 1831 it had fallen to around in 1958 when it was sold to the College, being then added to the Campus forming the area west of the existing playing field site.
Today.
Following the demolition of the main house there are a few remnants of the estate which can be seen around the University campus today:

</doc>
<doc id="18506749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506749" title="James Fraser (footballer)">
James Fraser (footballer)

James Fraser was a Scottish international footballer.
James Fraser was one of two internationalists from Moffat in Dumfries and Galloway (the other being James B Niven). Fraser was a prominent forward in south of Scotland football but little is known about his life or playing career.
He gained his one Scottish international cap while playing for Moffat F.C.. The game was on March 28, 1891 at Celtic Park in Glasgow with a 2-1 victory for Scotland against Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="18506763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506763" title="Otto Busch">
Otto Busch

Jens Otto Busch (August 16, 1904 – January 13, 1983) was a Danish field hockey player who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics, in the 1936 Summer Olympics and in the 1948 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Copenhagen and died in Fårevejle, Sjælland.
In 1928 he was a member of the Danish team which was eliminated in the first round of the Olympic tournament after two wins and two losses. He played all four matches as a forward.
Eight years later he was eliminated with the Danish team in the first round of the 1936 Olympic tournament. He played both matches.
His last Olympic appearance was in 1948 when he was eliminated with the Danish team in the first round of the Olympic tournament. He played one match.

</doc>
<doc id="18506767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506767" title="Jean Gehret">
Jean Gehret

Jean Gehret (January 10, 1900, Geneva, Switzerland - May 25, 1956, Paris, France) was an actor and director, appearing in a few films directed by Jean Renoir, including La Chienne (1931) and Madame Bovary (1933).

</doc>
<doc id="18506777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506777" title="Arkansas Highway 60">
Arkansas Highway 60

Arkansas Highway 60 (AR 60, Ark. 60, Hwy. 60) is a state highway that exists in five separate sections in Arkansas. The longest and most well-known segment of runs from Highway 28 in Plainview east to US Route 65 Business (US 65B) in Conway. A segment in western Logan County of begins at the Old Highway 10 at the Sebastian County line and runs east to Highway 10. A third segment of begins at Highway 252 near Lavaca and runs east to Highway 41 at Peter Pender. A fourth segment runs from US 64 and runs across Interstate 40/Interstate 540 (I-40/I-540) to Highway 282. A fifth route of begins at Highway 282 near Rudy and runs north to County Road 23 (CR 23).
Route description.
Crawford County.
Rudy to CR 23.
The longer section of Highway 60 in Crawford County is long. The route runs north from Highway 282 at Rudy to terminate at Crawford County Road 23.
US 64 to Highway 282.
The shorter section of Highway 60 in Crawford County is long. The route runs north from US 64 over Interstate 40 to terminate at Highway 282.
This segment is the only section of Highway 60 that is signed north-south, as opposed to the rest of the highway, which is signed east-west.
Sebastian / Franklin counties.
The section of Highway 60 in Franklin and Sebastian counties is long. The westernmost is located in Franklin County, with the remaining in Franklin County. The route runs east from Highway 217 to terminate at Highway 41 at Peter Pender.
Logan County.
The section of Highway 60 in Logan County runs for . The route runs east from the Sebastian County line to to Highway 10 west of Booneville
Main segment.
Highway 60 begins at U.S. Route 65 Business in Conway. It runs west for and intersects with spur route 60. It continues west for until it reaches the County Line at the overpass of Toad Suck Ferry Lock and Dam. Highway 60 then continues to run west for and meets with Highway 113. It continues west for with Highway 113 and meets the northern terminus of Highway 216 in Houston. 
From the county line, Highway 60 runs west to terminate at Highway 28. Along this route it passes by Nimrod Lake.

</doc>
<doc id="18506779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506779" title="Laura Turner">
Laura Turner

Laura Kate Turner (born 12 August 1982) is a British sprinter, who represented Great Britain at the 2008 Olympics, in the 4 x 100 m relay and the 100 m.
She was part of the British 4 x 100 m relay team that finished 4th at the 2007 World Championships in Athletics in Osaka (along with Montell Douglas, Joice Maduaka and Emily Freeman).
Turner represented Great Britain at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, competing at the 100 m sprint. In her first round heat she placed fourth in a time of 11.65, which was not enough to advance to the second round.
At the 2010 Commonwealth Games in Delhi, Turner, competing for England, was involved in the controversial false start incident as a result of which the race winner Sally Pearson was later disqualified. Both Turner and Pearson false-started, but initially only Turner was given the red card to exclude her from the race. Turner immediately protested at being singled out, and decided to run the race and appeal afterwards. She finished last, and her appeal was turned down. Pearson was subsequently disqualified and the gold medal was awarded to Nigeria's Oludamola Osayomi.

</doc>
<doc id="18506786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506786" title="Hagbarth Dahlmann">
Hagbarth Dahlmann

Hagbarth Dahlman (ne "Andersen"; January 15, 1901 – November 23, 1974) was a Danish field hockey player who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Copenhagen and died in Aarhus.
In 1928 he was a member of the Danish team which was eliminated in the first round of the Olympic tournament after two wins and two losses. He played all four matches as goalkeeper.

</doc>
<doc id="18506801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506801" title="List of So You Think You Can Dance finalists (U.S. season 4)">
List of So You Think You Can Dance finalists (U.S. season 4)

Season four of the United States version of "So You Think You Can Dance" ran from May 22, 2008, to August 7, 2008.
Joshua Allen.
Joshua Allen was the overall winner of the Season 4 competition.
He was partnered with Katee Shean for the first five weeks of the competition.
Rayven Armijo.
Rayven Armijo is a ballet dancer who was eliminated in week 1 along with Jamie Bayard.
Jamie Bayard.
Jamie Ray Bayard is a Latin ballroom and Swing dancer. He was partnered with Rayven Armijo who was also eliminated in the first week.
He was a childhood dance partner of Season 3's Lacey Schwimmer.
Stephen "twitch" Boss.
Stephen "twitch" Boss (born, 1982) is a freestyle hip-hop dancer from Montgomery, Alabama. He attended Chapman University. He is a huge comic book fan, with his favorite hero being Superman.
tWitch first appeared on television when he placed second on "Star Search" behind America's Best Dance Crew group Super Crew's "Do Knock". He was a contestant on "The Wade Robson Project", where he came in third place. He also choreographed dances for Korean artists, such as Se7en. While his breakout performances occurred on "So You Think You Can Dance", he previously appeared as a dancer in "Hairspray". He can be seen in the dance number at the platter party and in "You Can't Stop the Beat".
tWitch auditioned for the third season and made it through "Vegas Week", but was beaten out by Hokuto "Hok" Konishi for a place in the Top 20. He returned in Season 4 and made it all the way to the finale, placing second overall. After the show, tWitch went on to teach at South County Classical Ballet with fellow finalist Katee Shean.
tWitch's most well-known partnership during the show was with Kherington Payne. The duo, also known as "Twitchington", performed many memorable routines and were extremely popular with audiences.
In season 5, tWitch returned to "So You Think You Can Dance" with fellow season 4 contestant Katee Shean to perform their Emmy-nominated piece "Mercy", choreographed by Mia Michaels. He was one of the 11 "All Stars" for season 7.
He landed the role of Jason in "Step Up 3D" (August 6, 2010 release date). He reprised his role as Jason in the sequel and 4th installment "Step Up Revolution" in 2012. He also starred as Taz, in "" (Fall 2010). He's also been cast as Marcel X in the upcoming superhero movie "Perfectus", and will later star in the movie "Ushers". He is managed by Nelson Diaz of Diaz Management Group (dance representation is MSA).
tWitch (credited as Stephen Boss) played a dancer named Russell Leonard in an episode of the FOX comedy-drama "Bones" that first aired November 4, 2010.
tWitch served as a frequent All Star on Seasons 7, 8 and 9 of So You Think You Can Dance performing many memorable routines, including the hip hop number "Outta Your Mind" with ballet dancer Alex Wong, which was then reprised by comedian Ellen DeGeneres on Season 7's finale.
On December 10, 2013, tWitch and fellow SYTYCD alum, Allison Holker, married at Nigel Lythgoe's Villa San Juliette Vineyard and Winery in Paso Robles, Calif. They had been dating for approximately 2 1/2 years before getting engaged in January 2013.
Marquis Cunningham.
Marquis Antoine Cunningham (born July 19, 1989) was paired with Susie Garcia and was eliminated in the second week.
He is currently performing in Cirque du Soleil's "Viva Elvis" in Las Vegas.
Matt Dorame.
Matthew Patrick Dorame (born April 11, 1986) is a contemporary dancer from Glendale, Arizona. He was eliminated by the judges during Top 14 week along with his partner, Kourtni Lind.
Born in Phoenix, Arizona, he has been dancing since he was 7 years old. Dorame trained at The Dance Connection dance studio for seven years. Dorame attended Arizona School for the Arts, where he studied ballet for four years, and summer ballet intensives at the American Ballet Theater, Boston Ballet, and The Rock School. He has also been training for the past two years at the prestigious Odyssey Dance Theater along with fellow finalist Thayne Jasperson in Salt Lake City, Utah. He also was featured in the film The American Mall as a dancer/employee.
Comfort Fedoke.
Comfort Ogheneruro Fedoke was born May 20, 1988, in Fort Worth, Texas and was raised in Lagos, Nigeria until she returned to the United States at age 8. She lived in Plymouth, Minnesota for three years before settling in Carrollton, Texas.
Fedoke, a former track and field athlete, began dancing after an injury forced her out of the competitive sports scene. She learned hip hop dancing from watching videos and then began to session with her brothers to further hone her craft. Her father enrolled her in Booker T. Washington High School for the Performing and Visual Arts midway into her sophomore year, where she received training in tap, ballet, and jazz. She only had two and a half years of training before making it on to the show. She auditioned with two of her brothers and eventual winner Joshua Allen.
Fedoke was eliminated in the fifth week, but brought back the following week when Jessica King was cut from the show, having been sidelined due to an injury she suffered which, according to her doctor, required four to six weeks of rest. Comfort survived another week before being eliminated in the seventh week, making her the only competitor to be eliminated twice from the competition in any season. She also has the most appearances and most consecutive appearances in the bottom 3 or 4 in the show's history, beating Lauren Gottlieb with a total of 6 times.
Comfort was later seen in T-Pain's video "Freeze" and in Ludacris's "What Them Girls Like". She was also featured in Lee Jung Hyun's music video for "Crazy", which was released in Korea in May 2009 and was choreographed by Brian Friedman. Comfort was a dancer in The King of Pop Michael Jackson Tribute Tour in Germany, 2009.
In 2009 she performed uncredited as a reform school girl in the "Bootylicious" number in the "Hairography" episode of the television show "Glee". Comfort was also part of the chorus of musical number in "Suits", the 100th episode of "How I Met Your Mother" in 2009.
Comfort was cast in Season 7 as an All-Star. She has also returned as an All-Star in Season 8.
In 2011, she was featured in the music video for Jason Derulo's hit single "Don't Wanna Go Home" in 2011. Comfort is also set to appear in "Honey 2" and the remake of Footloose, both of which are due to be released in 2011.
Susie Garcia.
Susana "Susie" Garcia (born 1983) is a high school teacher and salsa dancer from Miami, Florida. Prior to auditioning for Season 4, Suzie used to be a dancer for the Miami Heat. She auditioned in Milwaukee.
Garcia was eliminated in week 2 of the competition with her partner Marquis Cunningham.
Courtney Galiano.
Courtney Ann Galiano (born June 12, 1988) is a contemporary dancer from Dix Hills, New York. A Knicks City Dancer, she started dancing as Little Bo Peep at the age of 3. She has trained in lyrical dance, tap, jazz, ballet and hip hop. Galiano attended Manhattan College before transferring to St. Joseph's College and now studies childhood education. She appeared in the music video for Kat Deluna's single "Whine Up". She appeared in a Clearasil/America's Best Dance Crew Sweepstakes commercial. Galiano, along with fellow Season 4 contestants Chelsie Hightower and Katee Shean, modeled for Cliche Cosmetics, an online make-up Web site for dancers.
On the Disney Channel, Courtney performed a dance video for the called "Hoedown Throwdown" with Katee Shean, and danced in the movie "". She is also in a Jonas Brothers' YouTube video entitled "Bounce".
Galiano also appeared in the "SYTYCD: Get Fit" fitness DVD. She is also featured in the video "Prende" by Daddy Yankee. She also did the choreography along with Jason Glover in the season 7 auditions.
She was cast in Season 7 as an All-Star.
She was also one of the dancers for Vocal Adrenaline in the "Glee" finale, as well as in the "It's a Man's Man's Man's World" number in "Funk". she also appeared as one of the dancers in "Glee: The 3D Concert Movie".
On September 20, 2011, she appeared in the Season 3 premier of "Glee" as a member of the "Skanks".
On December 6, 2011, she began appearing on "Glee" as a member of the all-girl group "The Troubletones" performing in both Sectionals and Regionals.
Courtney co-starred as Lisa alongside Al Pacino in the movie "Stand Up Guys", released February 1, 2013.
Courtney is featured in the VH1 television drama series "Hit The Floor" as a member of the Devil Girls.
After suffering numbness in extremities during and following the season 7 SYTYCD tour, Galiano was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis, briefly losing vision in one eye; she went public with her diagnosis in early 2012, and has since devoted significant time and energy to MS research fundraising. Nigel Lythgoe publicized Courtney's diagnosis when Galiano was selected as one of six SYTYCD All-Stars to choreograph routines for their respective contestants on the show's 20 August 2013 episode.
Chris Jarosz.
Christopher Daniel Jarosz was born July 3, 1986, in Gaithersburg, Maryland. He danced with Comfort Fedoke and was eliminated on June 25, 2008. Jarosz graduated from Southern Methodist University in Dallas, Texas.
He is currently performing in Cirque du Soleil's "Viva Elvis" in Las Vegas. He was featured in the cast when they performed on "Dancing with the Stars", May 4, 2010.
Thayne Jasperson.
Thayne Jasperson was born in Provo, UT July 27. He grew up in parts of Wyoming and Utah. He started dance late in life but has been quickly successful in his art. He danced professionally for 6 years with Odyssey Dance Theatre of Utah. He was a Brainiac in "High School Musical". He was a featured dancer in "High School Musical 2 (What Time is it?)" and a Dayplayer/ Featured Dancer in "MTV's American Mall".
Thayne has also done various musicals as he is a triple threat being able to not only dance...but sing and act as well. He recently played Ren McCormick in an equity production of "Footloose". He has played MungoJerrie ("Cats"), Courier ("1776"), Andy Lee ("42nd Street") and was the Seasons of Love Soloist in a concert version of (Selections of "Rent").
Thayne has done various choreographic work for company Odyssey Dance Theatre as well as Odyssey 2. For his work in Odyssey's "Can Can Club" formerly known as "Moulin Rouge", Thayne received rave reviews from the "New York Times". He continues to teach and choreograph. He has sung the National Anthem at a Utah Jazz vs Chicago Bulls game and for the Roadrunners baseball team.
In March, 2012, Thayne joined the Broadway cast of Disney's "Newsies: The Musical". Alongside him are fellow "SYTYCD" alumni; Alex Wong, Evan Kasprzak, and Jess LeProtto.
Since April 2013, Thayne has starred in the original Broadway cast of the RSC's "Matilda The Musical".
Mark Kanemura.
Mark Kanemura (born September 17, 1983) is a contemporary and jazz dancer from Kaneohe, Hawaii, whose sister taught him his first dance moves.
He was paired with Chelsie Hightower until top 10 week. He was eliminated on July 31, 2008 along with Hightower, his original partner. He has since made an appearance in Lil Mama's music video "Truly in Love".
On July 30, 2009, Kanemura returned to "So You Think You Can Dance" with his former partner Hightower to perform their Emmy-nominated piece, "Bleeding Love".
On September 13, 2009, Kanemura appeared on the 2009 MTV Video Music Awards in the Lady Gaga performance of the song "Paparazzi." Mark is also a dancer on Lady Gaga's Monster Ball Tour. Mark can also be seen as a dancer in Gaga's "Telephone", "Alejandro", "Born This Way", "Judas", and "Marry the Night" music videos, as well as Janet Jackson's "Make Me" music video.
On September 20, 2009, Mark appeared on the 61st Primetime Emmy Awards performing to a choreographed number by Napoleon and Tabitha D'umo.
On December 7, 2009, he was a dancer in Carrie Underwood's: An All-Star Holiday Special.
He was cast in Season 7 as an All-Star.
On September 28, 2010, Mark appeared on the Britney Spears-themed episode of the Fox musical comedy-drama series, "Glee", as a dancer in both the "I'm a Slave 4 U" and "Me Against the Music" numbers.
On October 26, 2010, Mark appeared as a back-up dancer for Kylie Minogue on Dancing with the Stars.
Mark has also appeared as a background dancer in several episodes of Nickelodeon's "The Fresh Beat Band".
He has appeared as a dancer for Katy Perry at the 2010 American Music Awards performing to her song "Firework" .
Mark has then gone on tour dancing with Lady Gaga on the Monster Ball Tour and is considered as one of Lady Gaga's favorite dancers. Mark also appeared with Lady Gaga on the 2011 season finale episode of Saturday Night Live and also on a string of promotional dates in the UK prior to the release of Lady Gaga's album "Born This Way", Mark also performed with Lady Gaga on the "American Idol" results show which aired on 25 May 2011, during "The Edge Of Glory" where Mark and Gaga feature as the two most prominent people on the elaborate stage.
In 2012, Mark continued to tour worldwide with Lady Gaga on her Born This Way Ball tour, and was also prominently featured in both commercial and print ads for Gaga's "Fame" perfume.
In 2013, he appeared in Season 10 as an All-Star choreographing a Jazz routine which he performed with ballroom dancer Jenna Johnson.
Jessica King.
"For the Wisconsin Senator, see Jessica King (Wisconsin politician)"
Jessica Careen King is a dancer from Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. An injury during week 6 of the competition forced her to leave the competition early.
King previously auditioned for "So You Think You Can Dance" in the third season, but did not make the top 20. She re-auditioned and ultimately made the top 20 for Season 4, where she was paired with contemporary dancer William Wingfield. On July 14, 2008, King suffered several broken ribs and was forced to bow out of the competition. Her spot was given to Comfort Fedoke, who had been eliminated the previous week.
King is a Visual Arts Major at Coastal Carolina University and has been taking formal dance lessons within various styles including tap, jazz, ballet, hip hop and contemporary since the age of three.
On July 30, 2009, King returned to the show with her former So You Think You Can Dance partner William Wingfield to perform their Emmy-winning routine "Adam and Eve" choreographed by Tyce Diorio.
She is also backup dancing for Lady Gaga, which can be seen on the 2009 VMAs.
Kourtni Lind.
Kourtni Josephine Lind (born November 9, 1989) is from Forest Lake, Minnesota. She started dancing at age 3, focusing on contemporary, jazz, ballet, and tap. She also trained in musical theatre, pointe, and hip-hop. She auditioned at Milwaukee. She was paired with Matt Dorame and was eliminated on July 3, 2008.
In 2009, Kourtni played the role of Dream Amber in "Dirty Step Upstage", an indie-film starring and directed by Amber Moelter.
Gev Manoukian.
Gevorg Manoukian (born September 15, 1986) is a 22-year-old, Armenian/Russian hip hop and break dancer. Originally from Kazakhstan, Manoukian is now living in Centerville, Utah. He performed in "High School Musical 2".
Manoukian first auditioned for season 2 and made it to Vegas, but his lack of versatility kept him out of the top 20. He then auditioned for season 4 and qualified as a finalist, beating out future season 5 runner up Brandon Bryant. He was paired with Courtney Galiano. He was eliminated in the top 10. Manoukian was also in the MTV musical "American Mall".
In November 2010, Gev performed at the 2010 American Music Awards with Pink to her hit song "Raise Your Glass".
Katee Shean.
Katee Taira Shean (born May 14, 1988) is a contemporary dancer from San Jose, California. She has been taking formal dance lessons since she was 4 years old and trained at the Teen Dance Company and Atlas School of Dance with ballet, tap, jazz, hip hop, lyrical, pointe, and modern. She has been teaching at South County Classical Ballet for just over a year now with fellow finalist, Stephen "tWitch" Boss.
Shean was born in San Jose, California and graduated from Pioneer High School in 2006. She currently attends Chapman University, where she is pursuing a double major in leadership and dance and is active in many volunteer organizations. Sometime after the "So You Think You Can Dance" tour, Katee moved to Los Angeles along with Comfort Fedoke and Courtney Galiano.
Shean also auditioned for Season 3 of So You Think You Can Dance but was cut on the final day of Vegas week.
She and Joshua Allen were the only two contestants in their season to make the final four without an appearance in the Bottom 3 couples, or Bottom 4 contestants.
Shean was the second contestant eliminated on the season finale, but as the highest placing female dancer, was awarded $50,000.
On July 30, 2009, Shean returned to "So You Think You Can Dance" with fellow Season 4 contestant Stephen "tWitch" Boss to perform their Emmy-nominated piece, "Mercy", choreographed by Mia Michaels.
Shean, along with former Season 4 contestants Courtney Galiano and Chelsie Hightower modeled for Cliche Cosmetics, a make-up Web site marketed for dancers.
Katee's danced for numerous artist like Jennifer Lopez, Kesha and Rihanna in music videos, TV and award shows.
On September 20, 2009, Katee was reunited with Joshua and appeared on the 61st Primetime Emmy Awards performing to a choreographed number by Napoleon and Tabitha D'umo.
In November, Katee, along with Comfort Fedoke and Kherington Payne performed as reform school girls in the "Bootylicious" number in the "Hairography" episode of the television show "Glee".
Katee, along with fellow SYTYCD contestants Courtney Galiano, Kherington Payne and Sara Von Gillern will appear as checkout girls in the upcoming indie-movie musical "Leading Ladies", starring Melanie LaPatin and Benji Schwimmer.
In July 2010, Shean temporarily replaced all-star Allison Holker, who was unable to perform due to a rib injury. Shean partnered season 7 contestant Billy Bell, in a Broadway routine choreographed by Spencer Liff.
Katee and fellow Season 4 contestant William Wingfield choreographed and taught the "choreography round" in the Season 8 audition episodes.
In 2012, Katee was announced to be a "Fly Girl" for the reboot of "In Living Color". But plans changed when it was announced that they would not be going through with the show plans for a reboot and all plans were cancelled.
Katee choreographed the upcoming danced-themed film "Stepping High", featuring SYTYCD alums Kent Boyd and Ryan Ramirez as dance leads. The film is produced by Harmony Gold, and will be in limited release June 2013.
Chelsea Traille.
Chelsea Traille (born March 8, 1985) was eliminated during the Top 16 week. She has been dancing since she was 3 years old and is trained in ballet, jazz, and tap. Traille was a special guest on the So You Think You Can Dance national tour. She also performed on the March 17, 2009 episode of "Dancing with the Stars" during the Macy's Stars of Dance performance. She co-stars as 'Coco' in the film "Burlesque" alongside Christina Aguilera and Cher, released fall of 2010. She also took part in music videos for 'All The Right Moves' by OneRepublic, and 'Waka Waka (This Time for Africa)' by Shakira for FIFA 2010. Traille is currently working on pilots for Disney.
William Wingfield.
William B. Wingfield (born March 7, 1986) is a dancer from Nashville, Tennessee. He started dancing at the age of 9. He has trained with Debbie Allen. Due to the inclusion of Wingfield in the top 20, Debbie Allen was barred from judging as long as Wingfield remained in the competition. He was voted off of the competition on July 24, 2008, making it to the Top 8. Before competing in "So You Think You Can Dance", William was a singer and dancer in Celine Dion's show, A New Day, at Caesar's Palace in Las Vegas.
On July 30, 2009, Wingfield returned to "So You Think You Can Dance" with fellow Season 4 contestant and partner Jessica King to perform their (at the time) Emmy-nominated piece "Adam and Eve", choreographed by Tyce Diorio. Diorio proceeded to win the Emmy for his choreography. Adam Shankman has described Will as one of four elite dancers to appear on "So You Think You Can Dance", along with Travis Wall, Danny Tidwell and Kayla Radomski. In late 2009, Will joined the cast of "In The Heights" on Broadway, in which he played the role of Graffiti Pete. Will was also featured on the cover of Dance Magazine's January 2010 issue, in their '25-To-Watch' list.
In August 2010, he performed a dance entitled "Duet" on the Web series Legion of Extraordinary Dancers, which was released on Hulu.
Will and fellow Season 4 finalist Katee Shean choreographed and taught the "choreography round" in season 8 audition episodes.
In September 2012, William returned as an All Star on Season 9 of So You Think You Can Dance, partnering Tiffany Maher in a Sonya Tayeh jazz number. William was also a featured dancer in the 2012 movie musical Rock Of Ages.

</doc>
<doc id="18506817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506817" title="United States House of Representatives elections in West Virginia, 2008">
United States House of Representatives elections in West Virginia, 2008

The 2008 congressional elections in West Virginia was held on November 4, 2008 to determine who would represent the state of West Virginia in the United States House of Representatives. Representatives are elected for two-year terms; whoever is elected will serve in the 111th Congress from January 4, 2009 until January 3, 2011. The election coincided with the 2008 U.S. presidential election.
West Virginia has three seats in the House, apportioned according to the 2000 United States Census. Its 2007-2008 congressional delegation consisted of two Democrats and one Republican. That remains unchanged although "CQ Politics" had forecasted district 2 to be at some risk for the incumbent party.
District 1.
Democratic incumbent Alan Mollohan ran unopposed. CQ Politics ranked the race as 'Safe Democrat'.
District 2.
Republican incumbent Shelley Moore Capito (campaign website) won against Democratic nominee Anne Barth (campaign website), a longtime former aide to U.S. Senator Robert Byrd. CQ Politics ranked the race 'Leans Republican'. The Rothenberg Political Report considered it 'Republican Favored'. The Cook Political Report considered it 'Likely Republican'.
In 2006, Capito was reelected with 57%, a solid margin, but not a sign of political security. She faced a potentially difficult challenge from state Sen. John Unger (D), but Unger surprised many when he dropped out of the race.
District 3.
Democratic incumbent Nick Rahall was challenged by Republican Marty Gearheart. CQ Politics ranked the race as 'Safe Democrat'.

</doc>
<doc id="18506819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506819" title="SetACL">
SetACL

SetACL is a freeware utility for manipulating security descriptors on Microsoft Windows. It used to be available under the GNU Lesser General Public License (LGPL) as a command-line utility and as an ActiveX component, but changed to a freeware license in version 3.0.0.0.
Features.
This list of features is taken from the product's web page.
Usage.
To set 'change' permissions on the directory 'C:\angela' for user 'brian' in domain 'dom1':
Remove write and change permission sets from Desktop, replace with 'read and execute' permissions: 
An example of its use from AutoIt can be found here

</doc>
<doc id="18506826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506826" title="Wrong rook pawn">
Wrong rook pawn

In chess endgames with a bishop, a pawn that is a rook pawn may be the wrong rook pawn. With a single bishop, the result of a position may depend on whether or not the bishop controls the square on the chessboard on which the pawn would promote. Since a side's rook pawns promote on opposite-colored squares, one of them may be the "wrong rook pawn" . This situation is also known as having the "wrong-colored bishop" or "wrong bishop", i.e. the bishop is on the wrong colored squares in relation to the rook pawn . In many cases, the wrong rook pawn will only draw, when any other pawn would win. A fairly common defensive tactic is to get into one of these drawn endgames, often through a sacrifice.
In some endgames such as having a bishop and pawn versus a lone king (perhaps with pawns), the wrong rook pawn is the one whose promotion square is the opposite color as that on which the bishop resides, which makes the stronger side unable to win. This was known at least as early as 1623 because of an endgame study by Gioachino Greco (see below).
A less-common situation is when the defense has a bishop versus a rook and rook pawn; the wrong rook pawn is the one that promotes on the square not controlled by the bishop because the defending king and bishop can form a blockade in the corner (on the pawn's promotion square) and draw the game. (This is also called the "safe corner" for the defending king.)
Bishop and pawn.
In this type of endgame, the wrong rook pawn is the one whose queening square is the opposite color as that on which the bishop resides. Many such positions are drawn because of a fortress if the defending king can get to the corner in front of the pawn, see the diagram. With the bishop not able to control the "a8" square, the black king cannot be forced away from the corner, so the pawn will not be able to promote . This is the basic type of position for most of these endgames .
Defending king in front of pawn.
In a king and pawn versus king endgame with a rook pawn, the defending king only has to get in front of the pawn to draw the game. In contrast, in the endgame with a bishop and the wrong rook pawn, getting the defending king in front of the pawn will not necessarily draw. In this position from Edmar Mednis, White wins if it is his move
and the pawn promotes. Black to move draws by 1... Kh7! followed by 2... Kh8. The defending king must be in the corner or be next to it to be sure of a draw .
Examples from games.
Goglidze versus Kasparian.
In this position from a 1929 game between Viktor Arsentievich Goglidze and Genrikh Kasparian, Black uses the tactic of offering the sacrifice of his bishop for the pawn on the "e" file to leave White with the wrong rook pawn: 
and the game was drawn twelve moves later. The bishop will remain on the "c8" to "h3" diagonal and sacrifice itself for the e-pawn if it advances to e6. (Note that 1... Bb3+ 2. Ke7 Bxf7 does not work because of 3. h6+!) .
Fischer versus Taimanov.
In this game from the 1971 World Chess Championship Candidate's Match, the second game between Bobby Fischer and Mark Taimanov, Black could have drawn the game because of the wrong rook pawn. One way is:
In the actual game, Black made an incorrect move (81... Ke4??) and lost because a knight has a hard time defending against rook pawns , . (Fischer went on to win the match 6-0 and advance to the next round, and subsequently became World Champion.)
Ķeņģis vs. Kasparov.
Ten-year-old Garry Kasparov thought that he was winning this game as Black against Edvīns Ķeņģis, being two pawns ahead. Indeed, Black can win the white bishop (for two pawns), but then the game is a draw because of the wrong rook pawn. In the actual game, Black moved 48...Kh3 and the game was drawn after move 54. (No progress can be made with the bishops on opposite colors, see opposite-colored bishop endgame.) In an alternative line, Black can win the white bishop:
but the position is drawn because the black rook pawn is on the wrong file for the bishop to help promote it .
Karpov versus Kasparov.
Garry Kasparov used sacrifices to leave Anatoly Karpov with the wrong rook pawn to save the twentieth game of their 1985 World Championship, after a long endgame. In this position, Black sacrificed two pawns for one (the ones on "f5" and "g6" for the one on "a4"):
A draw was agreed because the black bishop can stop the advance of the pawn on the f-file, sacrificing itself if necessary, leaving White with the wrong rook pawn (the one on the "h" file) , . (Kasparov went on to win the match 13-11 and became World Champion for the first time.)
Korchnoi versus Karpov.
In this game from the 1978 World Championship between Victor Korchnoi and Anatoly Karpov, White's pawn is the wrong rook pawn. White went on to capture the black b-pawn on move 107, but was unable to force the black king far enough away from the "a8" square to get to a winning position. The game ended in an intentional stalemate on move 124 (see Stalemate#Korchnoi versus Karpov for the final position). Some commentators thought that Korchnoi might have missed a win in this endgame, but Karpov defended well and White never had a theoretically won position. (However, Korchnoi did miss a win earlier in the game.) Black's pawn on "b5" is actually a liability. If the black king is forced into a position where he cannot move, black would have to move the pawn and White would win the game. As of 2008, this is the longest game of a world championship , . (Karpov retained his title by a score of six wins to five.)
An exception.
In this position White wins because he is able to force the exchange of pawns to get his pawn on the b-file.
and checkmate in two more moves. If Black did not have his rook pawn, he could draw by 3... b5 .
Opposite-colored bishops.
Usually when each side has a bishop and they are on opposite-colored squares and one side has two widely-separated pawns, the stronger side wins. However, if one of the pawns is the wrong rook pawn and the defending king is blocking it, the position is usually a draw because the defending bishop can stop the other pawn. If the defending bishop is sacrificed for the other pawn, the resulting position is a draw like the ones above .
With opposite-colored bishops, two connected pawns win if they safely reach the sixth rank, except when one is the wrong rook pawn, i.e. the defending bishop is on the long diagonal that includes the square on which the rook pawn would promote .
Example from game.
in this game between FIDE Master Edgar Walther and Bobby Fischer, White has just made a bad move (54. a4?; 54. b4! wins). Black's defensive plan is to sacrifice his bishop for the two queenside pawns, leaving White with the wrong rook pawn (the "h"-pawn) for his bishop. The game was drawn nine moves later , .
Rook and rook pawn versus bishop.
The wrong rook pawn may come up in other situations, such as this position with a rook and rook pawn versus a bishop. This time the bishop is defending against the rook pawn. If the pawn had not yet reached the fifth rank, White would win. Play might continue:
White cannot win because his king cannot move to the "h5" square. If the bishop were on the other colored squares, White would win .
If the defending king is in the corner controlled by his bishop then the pawn can be sacrificed at the right moment to get to a winning rook versus bishop position. If the defending king is in the corner opposite his bishop's color, sacrificing the pawn does not work because the defender easily forms a fortress in the corner . This is also referred to as the defending king being in the "safe" corner, since with the king in the corner with the bishop next to it, he is safe from the rook.
Examples from games.
In this position from a game between future World Champion Max Euwe and Karel Hromádka, Black should win but he errs by advancing his pawn too soon. Play continued:
This 2013 game between Loek van Wely and Hikaru Nakamura was drawn. If White tries 64.Kf4 then after 64...Kh6 65.Rh3 Be8 66.Rh2 Bb5 67.Kf5 Bc4 draws, or 67...Kh7 68.Kg5 Bd3! is a book draw, because the pawn is too far advanced. The game continued 
In studies.
Rauzer.
In this 1928 endgame study by Vsevolod Rauzer, White to move can force a win if the black king is on or below the line indicated. Similar positions were studied by Josef Kling and Bernhard Horwitz in 1851 and by Johann Berger in 1921. A very similar position occurred in the Korchnoi-Karpov game above , .
Greco.
The theme is used in this 1623 composition by Gioachino Greco. Black draws:
and Black will sacrifice his bishop for the g-pawn or transform it into an h-pawn after 4. gxh3 .

</doc>
<doc id="18506833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506833" title="Wooden Canal Boat Society">
Wooden Canal Boat Society

The Wooden Canal Boat Society (WCBS) is a waterway society and a registered charity in England, UK, based at Ashton-under-Lyne, Greater Manchester. The Society started as the Wooden Canal Craft Trust in 1987, and by 1995 the Trust owned six boats; it was wound up in 1997, and its assets were handed over to the WCBS.
Preservation.
The Society aims to preserve wooden working boats, and its fleet of six wooden boats is moored at Portland Basin at the confluence of the Ashton Canal, the Peak Forest Canal and the Huddersfield Narrow Canal, known to boaters as Dukinfield Junction.
The Society's oldest boat is "Lilith", a working boat which was 100 years old in December 2001. Lilith is a butty, i.e. a narrowboat without an engine, destined to be towed, or hauled, by another boat. Lilith was also a Birmingham "joey" boat, and No. 9 in Stewarts' and Lloyds' fleet.
"Forget-Me-Not" was built in 1927 as a horse-drawn boat for Henry Grantham who was a "Number One" (owner boatman). The boat was used to carry coal from Coventry to the Grand Union Canal, but from 1959 she became a houseboat.
"Hazel" is the last surviving full length example of a Runcorn Wooden header, built in 1914 to trade on the Bridgewater Canal. From 1929 she was owned by Number One Agnes Beech. Subsequently she served as a comfortable home to several families.
"Queen", built in 1917, was originally named Walsall Queen and is the oldest surviving wooden motorised narrowboat.
"Elton" and "Southam" were donated by British Waterways as an alternative to being scrapped. Southam is one of a fleet of 62 wooden butties (known as "big rickies") built for the Grand Union Canal Carrying Company in the Thirties at Rickmansworth.
Present and future.
To help with the unending task of repairing and maintaining the Society's wooden boat fleet, Tameside Council made available a piece of land to serve as a boatyard. Heritage Lottery funding was obtained, and the boatyard frontage will be completed. Future plans include the erection of a Visitor and Education Centre from which visitors and school students will be able to observe the restoration work on the narrowboats.

</doc>
<doc id="18506834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506834" title="Niels Heilbuth">
Niels Heilbuth

Niels Julius Heilbuth (October 8, 1906 – June 1, 1992) was a Danish field hockey player who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Copenhagen and died in Hørsholm.
In 1928 he was a member of the Danish team which was eliminated in the first round of the Olympic tournament after two wins and two losses. He played all four matches as forward and scored one goal.

</doc>
<doc id="18506843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506843" title="List of Mexican states by GDP">
List of Mexican states by GDP

The following is the list of the GDP (Nominal) of Mexico's 31 federal states (and its Federal District, officially not a state), ranked in order of their GDP (Nominal) as of 2011. 
See also.
General:

</doc>
<doc id="18506848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506848" title="Ramazan Abdulatipov">
Ramazan Abdulatipov

Ramazan Gadzhimuradovich Abdulatipov () (born 4 August 1946, in the Tlyaratinsky District of the Dagestan Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic) is a Russian politician of Dagestani heritage and is Head of the Republic of Dagestan since 28 January 2013.
1990–1993 he was Chairman of the Council of Nationalities, a chamber of the Supreme Soviet of the Russian SFSR. During the September–October crisis of 1993, he condemned president Yeltsin's decree dissolving the Soviets, and was one of the members of the Supreme Soviet delegation in talks with pro-presidential side. 
From May 2005 to 6 March 2009, Abdulatipov served as Ambassador of Russia to Tajikistan.

</doc>
<doc id="18506871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506871" title="Ogbunabali">
Ogbunabali

Ogbunabali (Igbo: kills at night) is the traditional Igbo Death deity. His name is considered to be a literal description of his character as he is said to kill his victims in the night, these usually being criminals or those who have committed an unspeakable taboo.

</doc>
<doc id="18506872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506872" title="Turkish locomotive classification">
Turkish locomotive classification

In the Turkish classification system for railway locomotives, the number of powered axles are followed by the total number of axles. It is identical to the Swiss system except that the latter places a slash between the two numbers.
Thus
0-6-0 becomes 33
4-6-2 becomes 36
2-6-4 becomes 36
2-8-0 becomes 45

</doc>
<doc id="18506885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506885" title="Melrose-Wakefield Hospital">
Melrose-Wakefield Hospital

Melrose-Wakefield Hospital (often abbreviated to "Melrose-Wakefield" or "Mel-Wak") is a 234-bed non-profit hospital located in Melrose, Massachusetts. It is one of two general hospitals operated by Melrose based Hallmark Health System.
Melrose-Wakefield Hospital was home to the world's first cochlear implant and laser surgery and it was among the first hospitals in the country to offer same day surgery. It is also among the top 10% of hospitals in the nation for stroke care and the top 15% in the nation for heart attack treatment.
The hospital's door-to-balloon time is 92.67 minutes, compared with a national average of 155 minutes. Melrose-Wakefield Hospital also exceeds state averages for successful and timely patient outcomes.
History.
1893–1900: Beginnings.
On July 28, 1893, the Melrose Hospital Association was established with forty-eight corporate members at the home of Decius Beebe on West Foster Street in Melrose, Massachusetts. The bylaws of the Association stated that "the purpose for which the Association is constituted is to establish and maintain a hospital for the treatment and care of needy, sick and disabled persons of both sexes, and also of persons who may be able to pay for such treatment in whole or in part; such receipts to be used in the partial support of the hospital."
At first, the hospital was not fully self sufficient, with the city often appropriating a sum of money towards its yearly expenses. During its beginnings, every third Sunday in May, local area churches collected contributions to support the hospital. In addition, the Hospital Guild, formed during the hospital's first year, held several fairs as fundraisers.
The first hospital was in a former residence located at 39 Oakland Street, but it soon became too small for the association's needs so it purchased and moved to a home at 75 Myrtle Street. In 1894, the association purchased a plot of land on the corner of Lebanon and Porter Streets at 585 Lebanon Street where it moved to in 1913, and remains today. Also in 1894, the Melrose Hospital School of Nursing opened in order to assure a continuous source of qualified labor.
1950–1979: Expansion.
In 1950, the trustees, administrators, and employees publicly rededicated themselves to the mission of providing a "modern, standardized and well-equipped" community hospital. A separate emergency room was created with a full time nurse in charge and nursing assistants were integrated into hospital operations. A new surgical wing was built and the Colby Pavilion wing was completely remodeled. To deal with the Post-World War II baby boom, more maternity beds were added and the Children's Ward expanded bringing bed capacity to 187.
In 1958, the hospital officially changed its name to "Melrose-Wakefield Hospital" to reflect the increasing utilization of its services by neighboring Wakefield, Massachusetts.
In 1965, the hospital named Jane Bain, a graduate of the School of Nursing, as director of the school. Under her direction, improvements were made in the School of Nursing's curriculum and facilities and a building at 340 Main Street was purchased for classrooms and a dormitory. The curriculum was expanded to include para-medical training for patient care and surgical technicians and led to the founding of the Physical Therapy Department, Electro-Encephalography Unit and an array of ambulatory psychiatric services.
In 1967, Melrose-Wakefield opened its intensive care unit (ICU). The four-bed unit was one of the nation's first ICUs at a community hospital.
During the late-1960s and early-1970s, a shift to outpatient treatment began in hospitals throughout the nation. In response, Melrose-Wakefield introduced a number of outpatient programs, including a breast cancer detection clinic, a cardiopulmonary testing laboratory, an occupational therapy unit, and a host of services provided by home health nurses. As part of its outpatient services, the hospital became one of the first hospitals in the nation to offer same day surgery. In 1973, the hospital became the first in Massachusetts to offer a state-supervised course for the training of emergency medical technicians (EMTs)
In the mid-1970s, Dr. Geza Jako, a surgeon, medical researcher, and professor at Boston University Medical School demonstrated the first successful use of the laser as a surgical tool at Melrose-Wakefield Hospital.
In 1975, Melrose-Wakefield launched a major campaign to expand the hospital. The $11 million renovation and replacement project added a six-story medical wing containing 100 new beds and a new home for the Radiology, Emergency, and Intensive Care units. Following the expansion, Melrose-Wakefield's School of Nursing graduated its last class of nurses and closed on May 30, 1976 due to financial concerns and changing trends in nursing education.
1980–2005: Evolving and partnerships.
As the prices for health care increased in the 1980s, the hospital was forced to once again adopt a modernization program to keep up with the times. Over the next decade, the plan called for the construction of a Surgical and Ancillary Services Building on the Rowe Street side of the building and the addition of a parking garage on Lebanon Street. Later renovations included the construction a nursery and new labor and delivery suites in the Maternity Ward and the addition of the Cummings Rehabilitation Center and a cardiac catheterization laboratory.
Melrose-Wakefield also began working with its partners in the Community Hospitals of Eastern Middlesex (CHEM) organization to upgrade its shared medical facility on Montvale Avenue in Stoneham, Massachusetts. At the location, it offered radiation therapy for cancer patients and magnetic resonance imaging.
On August 1, 1996, Melrose-Wakefield joined Whidden Memorial Hospital to form UniCare Health Systems as a way to reduce overhead, streamline operations, and effectuate improvements and expansions in services where necessary. A year later, in October 1997, UniCare merged with Lawrence Memorial Hospital of Medford and Malden Hospital, to form Hallmark Health. Soon, the new company was in debt and forced to sell off Whidden Memorial Hospital to Cambridge Health Alliance. In later years, it renamed Malden Hospital as Malden Medical Center and cut services there making Melrose-Wakefield and Lawrence Memorial the only full service hospitals of Hallmark Health.
2006–present: The hospital today.
In early September 2006, Melrose-Wakefield Hospital began offering elective angioplasty after being selected by the Massachusetts Department of Public Health (DPH) to participate in an elective angioplasty trial. The hospital was one of only seven throughout the state to participate in the "MASS COMM Trial" that studied the benefits of elective (non-emergency) angioplasty without on-site cardiac surgery back-up. The procedure, which is commonly performed in larger teaching hospitals in Boston offers patients the same care without requiring them to travel to a far distance. The Cardiac and Endovascular Center officially opened in December 2007.
On November 1, 2007, Melrose-Wakefield closed its Cummings Rehabilitation and Nursing Center. It had opened in December 1993 to treat patients needing hip and knee rehabilitation, as well as recovering surgery patients from New England Baptist, Beth Israel Deaconess and Mass General who had surgery and choose to recover closer to home. The 17-bed unit was replaced by a medical-surgical floor because of the hospital's need for more beds in that department. All patients were either sent to other nursing homes or home where they would be served by Hallmark Health's Visiting Nurse Association. Today the Cummings Bone and Joint Center, renovated in September 2009, has replaced the medical-surgical unit and is one of the state of the art bone and joint programs in Boston's metro-north. 

</doc>
<doc id="18506890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506890" title="Aage Heimann">
Aage Heimann

Aage Heimann (October 2, 1900 – October 6, 1956) was a Danish field hockey player who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics.
He was born and died in Copenhagen.
In 1928 he was a member of the Danish team which was eliminated in the first round of the Olympic tournament after two wins and two losses. He played one match as halfback.

</doc>
<doc id="18506892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506892" title="Simon Kenton Council">
Simon Kenton Council

The Simon Kenton Council (#441) is a Boy Scouts of America council created in 1994 that serves members of the Cub Scouts, Boy Scouts, Venturing, Exploring and in-school programs in central and southern Ohio, and northern Kentucky. The council is divided into eleven districts with headquarters in Columbus, Ohio and additional service centers located in Chillicothe and Portsmouth, Ohio. Simon Kenton Council is part of Area 4 of the Central Region, and is named in honor of frontiersman Simon Kenton.
Organization.
The Council serves 22,934 youth across its five key programs. Simon Kenton Council is divided into eleven districts: 
Camps.
Simon Kenton Council operates six camps. Camp Lazarus (), located in Delaware, Ohio, is the home of the summer Cub Scout resident camp. Chief Logan Reservation (), located in Ray, Ohio, and Camp Falling Rock (), located in Newark, Ohio, feature two Boy Scout summer camps. Camp Oyo (), located in Portsmouth, Ohio, hosts a high adventure camp. Each camp also hosts numerous activities throughout the year. Camp Otter Run (), located in Marysville, Ohio, and Camp Madison Lake, located in London, Ohio, are smaller camps.
Programs and activities.
Boy Scouting.
There are many programs in Simon Kenton Council. Each year there are approximately 300 new Eagle Scouts.
Venturing.
Simon Kenton Council is one of the 7 councils to earn the 2007 Central Region Venturing Standards of Excellence Award. It has had a Venturing Officers Association since 2000. Its Officers have gone on to serve at many Regional and Area Leadership roles. Annually it provides many events for Venturings such as:
Sea Scouting.
Simon Kenton Council has had an interesting history as the Council only has rivers and lakes for water. Sea Scouting has only existed before World War II and after the 21st Century. There were never any Sea Explorers in this Council but there have been eleven Quartermasters.
Tecumseh Lodge.
The council is served by the Tecumseh Lodge (#65) of the Order of the Arrow, the Boy Scouting program's national honor society. It is part of the C4-B section and participates in its conclave each year. Its chapters are:

</doc>
<doc id="18506900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506900" title="Stine">
Stine


</doc>
<doc id="18506901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506901" title="I Need a Haircut">
I Need a Haircut

I Need a Haircut is the third studio album by Biz Markie. It was released on August 27, 1991, on Cold Chillin'/Warner Bros. Records and was produced by Biz Markie and his cousin Cool V. The album was a minor success, making it to #113 on the Billboard 200 and #44 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums; however, the album forever changed the hip-hop industry because of the album's 12th track, "Alone Again." Biz was served a lawsuit by Gilbert O'Sullivan because of "Alone Again" featuring an unauthorized sample from his song "Alone Again (Naturally)." The resulting case was Grand Upright Music, Ltd. v. Warner Bros. Records Inc., in which the court granted an injunction against the defendants to prevent further copyright infringement of the plaintiff's song by sampling and referred them for criminal prosecution. The judgment changed the hip hop music industry, requiring that any future music sampling be pre-approved by the original copyright owners to avoid a lawsuit. Biz would poke fun at his misfortunes, titling his next album "All Samples Cleared!"
After Cold Chillin' ended its deal with Warner, the album was re-pressed without the illegal track.
Samples.
Alone Again
Buck Wild
I Told You
Let Go My Eggo
On and On
Road Block
Romeo and Juliet
Take It From the Top
What Comes Around Goes Around

</doc>
<doc id="18506907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506907" title="Leica M5">
Leica M5

The Leica M5 is a 35 mm camera by Leica Camera AG, introduced in 1971. It was the first Leica rangefinder camera to feature through-the-lens (TTL) metering and the last to be made entirely in Wetzlar by hand using the traditional "adjust and fit" method.
Design.
The M5 departed from the traditional silhouette of the Leica rangefinders, that had little changed since the M3 (1954). The height and width of the body were larger (H 84 mm x W 150 mm x D 36 mm), and the body heavier (ca. 100 g more than other M cameras). The folding film rewinding crank hides in the bottom plate. The self-timer arm and the field-of-view preselector (now on the M5 additionally with battery test function) are of the same design as the Leica M4 (1967). The M5 was the last M to feature a mechanical self-timer (duration 5–10 seconds). The M5 incorporates an improved rapid film loading spool design over the M4. The M5 has a rapid transport lever which winds the shutter and advances the film and the frame counter in one single motion, or in a series of shorter motions. A marker for the film plane is engraved on the top of the camera housing. The M5's redesigned horizontal travelling cloth focal plane shutter is reported to be the quietest of the M series. The shutter curtains travel at a relatively low speed which has as a consequence the 1/50 second flash sync speed.
Viewfinder.
The M5's optical rangefinder / viewfinder mechanism is based on the M4 (itself based on the Leica M2 (1958). The M5 has 0.72 viewfinder magnification, with a 68.5 mm RF Base Length and 49.32 mm Effective Base Length (79% focus accuracy), but other magnifications are also available. The M5 is sometimes said to have the best viewfinder of the M series (others prefer the original M3, and the current MP is perhaps even better). It is fully adjustable using setting screws, and is not glued as in the later M-series. The M5 viewfinder does not have the blue tint of the earlier M2/M3. Its lens surfaces are multicoated, reducing flare. As with other .72 magnification finders, the M5 can suffer from RF 'white-out' (where the focus patch disappears in some flare-inducing lighting conditions), but this is less pronounced than on all following M-series until the coming of the Leica MP (2003, in which Leica replaced a plastic viewfinder lens with a coated glass element to rectify the flare problem. More on the viewfinder flare here: [http://nemeng.com/leica/020b.shtml]. Like the M4, the M5 viewfinder features bright-line frames for 35mm, 50mm, 90mm, and 135mm lenses. The 35 and 135mm frames appear together as a pair. Uniquely, its viewfinder displays both metered area and shutter speeds. Leica M4-P framelines may be optionally installed (typically the MP coated glass element will be installed at the same time; reported cost for both modifications ca. 500 USD).
Exposure meter.
The exposure meter uses a circular CdS cell 8.5 mm in diameter (coverage with 50 mm lens = 21°), and having a sensitivity of -0 (some estimates claim -1) - 20 Ev at 100 ASA (0.3-0.4 asb at f/1.4 to 200 000 asb; 0,06 to 32.000 cd/m2). Information from the exposure meter is displayed using a dual match needle system at the bottom of the viewfinder. An additional illuminator window at the top of the viewfinder illuminates the readout bar. The M5 exposure meter can be set from ISO 6/9º to ISO 3200/36º. The ASA/DIN film speed knob is designed to prevent inadvertent change. The meter's circuit is powered up by winding the camera, and shuts down when the shutter is released. The M5 exposure meter required the PX625 1.35 V mercuric oxide coin type cell which was banned because of its mercury content. The M5 continues to run on a number of alternatives including the WeincellTM MRB625. The battery compartment is located between the strap lugs. It is accessed by using a coin slot type threaded cap and is superior in design to that of the bayonet caps that surfaced as of the M6.
M5 Jubilee Special Edition.
In 1975 a 50 year jubilee edition of 1750 units was produced.
Reception.
Leica M5 sales were very disappointing, and production was halted in 1975 after 33,900 units (from 1287001 to last serial number 1384000; 10750 chrome and 23150 black chrome bodies). Cost on issue for the M5 body in today's currency (Consumer Price Index Integer) is ca. 4200 USD. 
Leica reverted to the M4 and its iterations, until the coming of the Leica M6 which offered the features of the M5, albeit through the use of more electronic circuitry, while retaining the classic M design. The M5 is now a relatively uncommon type, and their price on the second-hand market is comparable to that of the M6. M5's were discovered by Japanese collecters in the late '90s and their price experienced a sharp rise at that time.

</doc>
<doc id="18506917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506917" title="Agrarian system">
Agrarian system

An agrarian system is the dynamic set of economic and technological factors that affect agricultural practices. It is premised on the idea that different systems have developed depending on the natural and social conditions specific to a particular region. Political factors also have a bearing on an agrarian system due to issues such as land ownership, labor organization, and forms of cultivation.
As food security has become more important, mostly due to the explosive population growth during the 20th century, the efficiency of agrarian systems has come under greater review.
Types.
The basis for a prevailing agrarian system may be derived from one of a number of major types, including agrarian social structure, for example, tribal or ethnic divisions, feudal classes or family based systems. Farming methods such as migratory herding of livestock are a common framework for which an agrarian system may evolve. Other important kinds of system are based on the dominant political ideology such as communism or agrarian socialism.
Europe is dominated by mixed farming. This has meant careful management of tillage practices and good tool and implements were important. China developed an agrarian system based on labor intensive wet rice cultivation were skill was paramount.
Regional examples.
The Ottoman agrarian system was based around the tapu, which involved a permanent lease of state-owned arable land to a peasant family. In Haiti there was a social system based on collective labor teams, called kounbit, where farms were run by nuclear families and exchanges. This was replaced by smaller groups, called eskouad, who operated on a reciprocal basis or conducted collective labor to other peasants for a price.
In the 20th century the distribution of land ownership in rural Egypt had became grossly unequal. An overwhelming major of land owners possessed small parcels of land while a small minority owned large farms. Many of the rural poor were landless. By the middle of the century the calls for agrarian reform grew. Tenancy reforms, including rent control and minimum wage legislation were enacted with mixed results.
In Nigeria, the Igbo people developed an agrarian system in which some farmers became traders. Their emphasis on small-scale, entrepreneurial capitalism was fundamental to Nigerian Independence.

</doc>
<doc id="18506921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506921" title="List of TVB series (1996)">
List of TVB series (1996)

This is a list of series released by or aired on TVB Jade Channel in 1996.
First line series.
These dramas aired in Hong Kong from 7:00 to 8:00 pm, Monday to Friday on TVB.
Second line series.
These dramas aired in Hong Kong from 9:35 to 10:35 pm, Monday to Friday on TVB.
Third line series.
These dramas aired in Hong Kong from 10:35 to 11:05 pm, Monday to Friday on TVB.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18506922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506922" title="Cliff Young (baseball)">
Cliff Young (baseball)

Clifford Raphael Young (August 2, 1964 – November 4, 1993) was a professional baseball pitcher. He pitched parts of three seasons in Major League Baseball between 1990 and 1993 for the California Angels (1990–91) and Cleveland Indians (1993). The Indians released him at the end of the 1993 season. Shortly thereafter, Young was killed in a car accident when the car he was driving went off the road and hit a tree, killing him instantly.

</doc>
<doc id="18506940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506940" title="Chris Payne">
Chris Payne

Christopher 'Chris' Payne (born 15 September 1990) is an Australian football (soccer) player who plays for the Central Coast Mariners Academy in the New South Wales Premier League.
Club career.
He finished his HSC at Narrabeen Sports High School.
Sydney FC.
Payne played in all of Sydney's three trial matches and scored a double against his former club Manly United at Cromer Park. His first official competitive outing for Sydney FC came against Queensland Roar in the opening Pre-Season Cup match of the season. Sydney ended up winning the match 2-1 with Payne scoring Sydney's first to level the scores at 1-1 and as a consequence become the club's youngest ever player to score in a fully competitive match. He was officially transferred from Manly a week before the opening round of the 2008/09 season with Manly FC receiving $3000 for the transfer.
He scored his first goal for Sydney FC in the 3-1 victory against Newcastle Jets at EnergyAustralia Stadium. While playing against the Wellington Phoenix in the 2009/10 Preliminary final, he scored a controversial goal with his arm. Despite displaying good form during Sydney FC's Finals run, he was not offered a new contract, and went back to his junior club Manly United. On 28 June Payne signed a deal with North Queensland Fury for their following season.
North Queensland Fury.
Payne scored his first goal for the Townsville club in their Round 1, 3-3 draw with Perth Glory. His goal leveled the scores in the first half at 1-1. He again scored against the Glory in the return match in Townsville, hitting a spectacular strike to the top corner of the Glory goal to open the scoring in the Fury's 2-1 win.
On 7 December 2010, as a result of the North Queensland Fury folding, it was confirmed Payne signed a two year contract with the Newcastle Jets.
Newcastle Jets.
Payne made his debut for the Jets, in a pre-season friendly against NSW Premier League club Sutherland Sharks, where he helped the Jets to a 2-1 victory, scoring in the first half. His first A-League appearance for the club came in the 2-1 loss to his former club Sydney FC at Ausgrid Stadium on 17 December 2011.
Despite having a year left on his contract, Payne's future at the Jets looks to be uncertain under new manager Gary van Egmond who has made it clear that Payne is not part of his squad plans, as he believes he is not good enough. It was revealed in January 2012, that the Jets and fellow A-League club Gold Coast United were preparing a 'trade' for Payne with Tahj Minniecon. However this move was thwarted, when Minniecon suffered a heel injury a week before the transfer was to go through, in a Youth League game against Sydney FC. It was announced on 3 February 2012 that Newcastle Jets and Payne had mutually agreed to terminate his contract, more than a year before it expired, due to being unable to secure his position in the squad, as well as it being publicly known that Payne was not part of Van Egmond's squad plans.
Central Coast Mariners Academy.
He scored a goal on his debut for New South Wales Premier League club Central Coast Mariners Academy, in 3-1 loss to Sutherland Sharks on the 3rd of February.
Honours.
With Sydney FC:

</doc>
<doc id="18506946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506946" title="Toby Sells">
Toby Sells

Toby Sells (born in Kingsport, Tennessee) is an American special effects make-up artist and make-up effects designer. Sells and his special-effects makeup were featured on the October 30, 2007 episode of the Discovery Channel series "Dirty Jobs".
Sells began making latex monster masks and make-ups at the age of ten. As an adult he moved to Los Angeles. In 2000 he moved to Atlanta, Georgia, starting his own company, Toby Sells Creature Make Up Shop. Sells has worked on numerous films, including "Dance of the Dead", "The Signal", "Phantasm II", "Stomp the Yard", "Dead Silence", "Dark Remains", and most recently Tyler Perry's "Meet the Browns" and "Tyler Perry's Madea Goes to Jail".

</doc>
<doc id="18506968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506968" title="Great American Tower">
Great American Tower

The Great American Tower is a high-rise office building located along Central Avenue in the Uptown area of Phoenix, Arizona, United States. The tower rises 24 floors and in height. Owned by Gaedeke Landers LLC, the Great American Tower was built in 1985. Upon completion it stood as the sixth-tallest building in Phoenix, and today it stands as the 16th-tallest building in the city.
Like its next-door neighbor, the 3300 North Central Avenue, Great American Tower is rotated 45 degrees from the street grid. It is, however, an eight sided building with a 45-degree angle cut into each of the four corners. Great American Tower is designed in the Post Modern style. It features exterior columns and spandrels giving the tower an angular, repetitive appearance. The top floor plate is smaller than the rest of the tower and features a balcony, which rings the outer perimeter with the exception of its 45-degree corners.

</doc>
<doc id="18506970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506970" title="Chedoke Falls">
Chedoke Falls

Chedoke Falls is 15.5 metre urban ribbon waterfall found atop the Niagara Escarpment in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.
The watercourse is the Chedoke Creek, an urban creek that runs through the west end of Hamilton and crosses the Bruce Trail and the "Radial Trail". Denlow Falls can be found nearby just east of Chedoke Falls.
Nearby attractions include the Bruce Trail, Canadian Football Hall of Fame Museum, Copps Coliseum. 
"Lower Chedoke Falls" is an irregular curtain waterfall found a few hundred metres north of the main Chedoke Falls. It is 16-metres in height and 31-metres wide.
Directions.
Access to these waterfalls are not easy. Best view of it would be to bring good pair of hiking boots and travel by foot. Above the falls is a residential area. Below the gorge is a golf course. You get a limited view of the falls from "Scenic Drive." Chedoke Falls can be accessed via the "Chedoke Radial Trail" which can be accessed via Dundurn Street South near the Chedoke Beddoe Civic Golf Course.
External links.
Maps.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18506983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506983" title="Leica M7">
Leica M7

The Leica M7 is a 35 mm camera by Leica AG introduced in 2002, the direct successor to the M6. The electronic Leica M7 is a departure from previous mechanical designs for the M series. 
The M7 introduces auto-exposure in aperture priority mode: the user sets the aperture on the lens manually, and the camera will choose a shutter speed. Manual exposure is also available. The shutter is electronically controlled, but speeds of 1/60th and 1/125th of a second are mechanically governed if the battery fails. Like the M6 TTL, the M7 features an "off" position on the shutter speed dial. The shutter release is redesigned with two distinct levels of pressure: the first detent locks the exposure reading, the second fires the shutter.
The M7 is also the first Leica M series to support film DX encoding and exposure compensation using the dial that has been on the back of Leica cameras since the M3. Originally used simply as a reminder of the sensitivity of the film, and then as film speed setting coupled to the lightmeter starting with the M6, the dial now controls exposure compensation on the M7. 
The M7 offers viewfinders with magnifications 0.58, 0.72 (28mm) and 0.85 (35mm). The viewfinder optics are multicoated to reduce flare.
In popular culture.
The Leica M7 plays a key role in the movie "EuroTrip".
It also plays an important role in the movie Ted

</doc>
<doc id="18506984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506984" title="Vas Defrans">
Vas Defrans

Vas Defrans, a five-piece experimental rock band based in North Hollywood, is known for their appearance at the Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival in the summer of 2008 [http://coachella.com/event/lineup], as well as their frequent live performances that are both high-energy and display a high level of technical proficiency. The group consists of drummer Kane Ritchotte, guitarists Dash LeFrancis and Cary Singer, vocalist Vincent Coleman, and bassist Max Whipple. Originally LeFrancis performed as the band's vocalist, but in late 2007 he decided to devote his energies to lead guitar and after a short series of auditions, Singer was added in mid-2009, and Coleman in mid-2010. The group is currently gearing up for their first full length album.
In January 2012, they released their first official self-titled EP, produced, engineered, and mixed by Noah Shain.

</doc>
<doc id="18507013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507013" title="California Proposition 69 (2004)">
California Proposition 69 (2004)

California Proposition 69, the DNA Initiative, was a successful 2004 California ballot proposition that allows for the collection of DNA samples from all felons and from people who have been arrested for certain crimes. In 2009, all adults arrested for or charged with any felony will be included in the database.
California currently maintains the third largest DNA database in the world.

</doc>
<doc id="18507019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507019" title="Bushy Graham">
Bushy Graham

Bushy Graham (8 June 1905 – 13 April 1982) was an Italian-American boxer from New York. He held the bantamweight championship in 1928.
Biography.
Boxing career.
Graham became a professional boxer in 1921. In 1924 he fought future flyweight champion Frankie Genaro in Rochester, New York to a draw. In a rematch two months later, Genaro defeated Graham by decision. In 1925 he fought future bantamweight champion Bud Taylor twice. Graham lost both—the first by decision in Illinois and the second by decision in Long Island City, New York. In 1926 he met old foe Genaro for a third time and defeated him by a decision.
Laer in 1926 he fought Tony Canzoneri and lost by a decision, but in his next fight he received the opportunity to fight for the New York State Athletic Commission (NYSAC) bantamweight title held by Charley Phil Rosenberg. Rosenberg defeated him via fifteen-round unanimous decision.
In 1928 he received another shot at the bantamweight title when he met Corporal Izzy Schwartz for the vacant NYSAC and National Boxing Association titles. He defeated Schwartz in a fifteen-round match.
He did not defend the title and instead continued his career fighting over the bantamweight limit. Throughout the rest of his career he fought a number of future or former champions. He defeated Battling Battalino (although Battalino defeated him in two additional fights) and held Freddie Miller and Leo Rodak to draws. He lost to Kid Chocolate by disqualification and to Tommy Paul twice by unanimous decision.
His brother boxed under the name of "Frankie Garcia" and "Frankie Graham".

</doc>
<doc id="18507034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507034" title="Scooby-Doo! The Mystery Begins">
Scooby-Doo! The Mystery Begins

Scooby-Doo! The Mystery Begins is a 2009 American television film comedy fantasy and adventure film directed by Brian Levant, produced by Warner Premiere and distributed by Warner Home Video. The film was aired by Cartoon Network on September 13, 2009, the fortieth anniversary of the Hanna-Barbera character Scooby-Doo, and later released on September 22, 2009 on DVD and Blu-Ray. It is the third installment in the "Scooby-Doo" live-action film series, the film is a prequel which depicts how Scooby and the Mystery Inc. gang met and the events of their very first case.
The live-action cast features Nick Palatas as Shaggy, along with Robbie Amell as Fred, Hayley Kiyoko as Velma and Kate Melton as Daphne. Scooby-Doo was created using computer-generated imagery and his voice is provided by Frank Welker, who also was a cast member of the animated series, "Scooby-Doo, Where Are You!", providing the voice of Fred.
The music is scored by Academy Award-nominee David Newman, who had previously scored the theatrical films "Scooby-Doo" (2002) and "" (2004). The film is dedicated to Lorena Gale, who died during production. 
Its sequel, "Scooby-Doo! Curse of the Lake Monster", was released on October 16, 2010.
Plot.
In Coolsville, Ohio, four teenagers are involved in a fight on the school bus and are sent to detention. Norville "Shaggy" Rogers is a clumsy, nerdy outcast, who tried to smuggle his dog Scooby-Doo onto the bus; Fred Jones is quarterback of the football team; Velma Dinkley is a science geek; and Daphne Blake is in the drama club. They bond somewhat over a shared interest in mysteries, but quickly get on each other's nerves. While in the library for detention, two ghosts appear and chase them to the gym where a pep rally is going on. A third ghost, The Specter appears, causing the lights in the building to flicker. He starts telling everyone to leave. The stamp-collecting Principal Deedle decides to close the school, but Vice Principal Grimes deems it a prank and suspends the quartet.
The gang tries to clear their names by investigating the ghosts, which leads to Grimes expelling them. Further investigation, in disguise at the school, makes them think Grimes is their prime suspect. Searching at night at Grimes' house leads them to information about a time capsule. The ghosts attack again, and the teens are knocked out. The Specter, keeping Scooby and Grimes as prisoners, forces the gang to search underground for the time capsule. Unable to find the capsule, they trick the Specter into coming down to carry the capsule out of the hole, but the plan backfires when they try to lock him up in a flooded room, and the Specter acquires the capsule.
Stealing the capsule back, the gang uses a book of spells to banish the ghosts. Scooby manages to break free of his restraints and arrives just in time to subdue the Specter, who turns out to be Principal Deedle. The principal reveals that a stamp misprint was hidden within the time capsule, something that would have been worth a fortune. As the exposed Deedle is sent to prison for his actions, the group is publicly congratulated (and un-expelled) by Grimes (who becomes the new Principal), and they decide to continue investigating strange doings.
Production.
Filming took place in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, including Templeton Secondary School from August 4, 2008. Cartoon Network's content advisor Rob Sorcher had said, “This contemporary take on Scooby-Doo will be an exciting movie event on Cartoon Network. This project is also an anchor component of our new push into movies, our great partnership with Warner Premiere and the overall expectation of Cartoon Network programming efforts.” 
The trailer for "Scooby-Doo! The Mystery Begins" was first seen on the DVD of "Scooby-Doo and the Samurai Sword", "17 Again" and "Shorts.
Reception.
"Scooby-Doo! The Mystery Begins" is the most-watched telecast in Cartoon Network history with 6.1 million viewers on September 13, 2009, outdistancing the previous high of 3.9 million viewers that tuned into last October's premiere of the "" animated series. 
The film received mixed reviews.
Sequel.
Due to the success of "Scooby-Doo! The Mystery Begins", a sequel went into development in October 2009. That same month, the cast from the first installment revealed that they were signed on for three films. Titled "Scooby-Doo! Curse of the Lake Monster", principal photography commenced on March 15, 2010 in various locations around Southern California. The sequel aired on October 16, 2010 and was released on DVD in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="18507037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507037" title="Maria Merkert">
Maria Merkert

Maria Merkert (born in Neiße, Prussian Silesia (present-day Nysa, Opole Voivodeship) on September 21, 1817; died November 14, 1872) was the co-Foundress and first Superior General of the Congregation of St Elizabeth. Her father died when she was an infant and her mother died in 1842. Along with her sister she devoted herself to the poor. She was declared venerable in 2004. Her beatification was held on September 30, 2007 in Nysa.

</doc>
<doc id="18507039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507039" title="Leica MP">
Leica MP

The Leica MP is a 35 mm film camera manufactured by Leica Camera AG that was introduced in 2003. It is an all-mechanical rangefinder focusing camera that follows in a long line of cameras since the Leica M3 was introduced in 1954. The camera uses the Leica M-mount which accepts all Leica bayonet-mount lenses (21 mm through 135 mm) made since 1954. The 'MP' designation stands for "mechanical perfection."
Design.
The Leica MP is Leica's latest film rangefinder camera. Unlike the preceding Leica M7, the camera has adopted many retro design features from the earlier M3. These include a M3 type metal film advance lever, knob film rewind design and M3 type frameline adjust lever. The basic classic design remains unchanged and the design for loading film from the bottom has been retained. The camera comes in a myriad of camera finishes including black chrome, black paint and silver chrome and can be further customised with Leica AG's "à la carte" program.
Features.
Features include an integrated silicon photodiode TTL lightmeter which works from EV-2 to EV20. Only the lightmeter requires batteries to operate; the rest of the camera is fully mechanical, unlike the M7, and will operate without electricity. The camera's viewfinder is available with different magnifications of 0.58x, 0.72x and 0.85x and is improved to reduce flaring with multicoated glass elements and a condenser lens. The camera is also compatible with Leica Motor-M, Winder-M, Winder 4-P and Winder 4-2 motorised film winders.

</doc>
<doc id="18507044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507044" title="Battle of Isted">
Battle of Isted

The Battle of Isted took place on 25 July 1850 near the village of Idstedt, today Schleswig-Holstein, Germany. The battle was part of the First Schleswig War.
The battle began early in the morning at around 2:00 and lasted until 19:00. The Danish took 1072 unwounded and 411 wounded prisoners. The Danish victory broke the Holstein army for good.
The Isted Lion commemorates the battle, which was at its time the largest in Scandinavian history. The battle's anniversary, 25 July, is a military flag day in Denmark.
N. F. S. Grundtvig's song "Det var en sommermorgen" ("It was a summer morning") touches on the battle of Isted.

</doc>
<doc id="18507047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507047" title="Team Goh">
Team Goh

Team Goh International is a Japanese auto racing team founded by Kazimuchi Goh in 1990s. Initially competing in the All-Japan Grand Touring Car Championship (JGTC), Team Goh won the 1996 championship with a McLaren F1 GTR and drivers John Nielsen and David Brabham. The team next set its sights on the 24 Hours of Le Mans, initially entering the McLaren in , then a former works BMW V12 LM in , and a pair of Panozes in .
In 2001, Team Goh partnered with the Danish Den Blå Avis team, running a Dome-Judd in the FIA Sportscar Championship, earning two wins and finishing second in the championship. The following year, Kazimuchi Goh purchased an Audi R8, as part of a three-year program at Le Mans. The team finished in seventh in and fourth in . Goh also participated in the 1000 km of Spa and 1000 km of Le Mans, winning both events with drivers Seiji Ara and Tom Kristensen.
In 2004, Goh entered the new Le Mans Endurance Series with their R8, finishing the season third in the championship. At the 24 Hours of Le Mans, Goh drivers Ara and Kristensen were joined by Rinaldo Capello, and won the race overall. Following the victory, the team announced plans to return to the JGTC, now renamed the Super GT Championship, using a new Maserati MC12. However, after the car struggled to match the pace of its competitors during 2006 testing, the team withdrew from the championship.
On January 7, 2009, it was announced that Team Goh would be purchasing a Porsche RS Spyder, to participate in the 2009 24 Hours of Le Mans. It was running second in class when driver Seiji Ara suffered a large accident on the Mulsanne Straight.

</doc>
<doc id="18507052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507052" title="Barnaba Tortolini">
Barnaba Tortolini

Barnaba Tortolini (19 November 1808–24 August 1874) was a 19th-century Italian priest and mathematician who played an early active role in advancing the scientific unification of the Italian states. He founded the first Italian scientific journal with an international presence and was a distinguished professor of mathematics at the University of Rome for 30 years. As a mathematics researcher, he had more than one hundred mathematical papers to his credit in Italian, French, and German journals.
Early years.
Tortolini was born on 19 November 1808, in Rome and studied literature and philosophy at the Pontifical Gregorian University, especially under Don Andrea Caraffa (1789–1845) who was a mathematical physicist. He continued his mathematical and philosophic studies at the "Archiginnasio Romano della Sapienza" in Roma where he obtained the degree of "laurea ad honorem" in 1829. Subsequently he attended the course for engineers before studying theology at the Pontifical Roman Seminary and took holy orders in 1832. Don Tortolini, along with Don Michele Ambrosini, was put in charge of the Basilica of "Santa Maria dei Martiri" (Our Lady of the Martyrs) from 1860, and then alone after the latter’s death in 1866. Edoardo Borromeo Arese, the Papal majordomo, enabled Tortolini to join the “"Camerieri d’onore in abito paonazzo" (Chamberlains of Honor of the Purple)" in 1861; this was a former honorary office of the Papal Court.
As his biography shows, Tortolini had a foot in both the religious and scientific worlds. As a priest and noted academic at major universities of the city, he was an official figure with stature in the Papal States. Yet his own correspondences with Enrico Betti show his concern as an editor and mathematician with careful attention to detail, concern for content and awareness of the latest foreign developments.
Teaching career.
In February 1835, Tortolini began his career as professor of mathematical physics at the Pontifical Urban University, an institution run by the Pontifical Congregation for the Evangelization of Peoples (long called the "Propaganda"), directed to the promotion of the worldwide Catholic overseas missions. The College was founded by Pope Urban VIII in 1627. It came under the authority of the Congregation in 1641, and received the title "Pontifical" from Pope John XXIII in 1962.
A year later, in 1836, Tortolini was appointed to the chair of mechanics and hydraulics at the University of Rome where, in 1837, he obtained by competition the professorship of introductory higher calculus. Following in the same year, he was also appointed professor of differential and integral calculus. At the Pontifical Roman Seminary, his alma mater, he assumed the professorship of mathematical physics in 1846 and began directing the publication of "Propaganda Fide", founded in 1626. This editorship he pursued from 1846 to 1865.
Professionally, his interests in research ranged from definite and elliptic integrals, calculus of residues, and applications of various differential equations. He was quoted in the works of Augustin Louis Cauchy, George Boole, Joseph Liouville, and Betti. He was honored with membership in the most eminent Italian societies and became a foreign minister of the Swedish Academy of Sciences in Uppsala. As a teacher, he was applauded for over 30 years at the University of Rome. He devoted his life to raising the standards of scientific education on the peninsula at a time when Italy as a newly formed European power in 1860 needed a cultural presence on par with France, Germany, and England.
Founding of the "Annali".
Although he was a productive mathematician and devoted teacher, Tortolini is mainly remembered for his role in founding and publishing the first Italian international scientific journal, the "Annali di scienze matematiche e fisiche", from 1850 to 1857. These periodicals gathered and diffused the work of the most notable and productive scholars of the exact sciences in order to revive a love for higher studies in Italy and to represent with dignity the scientific activity of the peninsula before other nations. 
By publishing his own research abroad, he underscored his belief in the importance of the internationalization of mathematical results and made contact with differing cultures reflecting the views and standards of rigor promoted by foreign editors. During his tenure, the journal’s content skewed progressively more towards pure mathematics and away from application and topics in other sciences. Among the foreign authors who published in his journal were Arthur Cayley, Carl Gustav Jakob Jacobi, J. J. Sylvester and the Irishman William Roberts. Betti pioneered work in Galois theory of irreducible equations of prime degree at the encouragement of Tortolini. 
In 1858, the journal was restructured to include an editorial board composed of Tortolini, Betti, Luigi Cremona, Francesco Brioschi and Angelo Genocchi. This was the last year of the "Annali’s" publication as broader geopolitical trends called for a more focused new journal of pure mathematics to witness the opening stages of what would become the unification of Italy by 1861. This was one of the reasons why Brioschi and Cremona later moved the "Annali" to Milan in 1867. The journal which replaced the former "Annali" became the "Annali di matematica pura ed applicata" and its first series reigned from 1858 to 1865 but published in Roma. The numerical parity between foreign and Italian contributors became equal. The Editorial Board members contributed their own papers vigorously. Betti even started the publication of a translation of Riemann’s inaugural dissertation.
Reformation of the "Annali".
After a hiatus in 1866, Cremona and Brioschi proposed to stop publication of the journal due to Tortolini’s "mishandling" — according to their opinion. The political process of unification was very long and painful and the role played by the Church was not exactly pointing toward unification. The "Annali" finally moved to Milan in 1867 to distance itself from the Papal State. Cremona and Brioschi called for another new journal series enlisting the collaboration of Europe’s leading mathematicians. Tortolini once again graciously went along. The second series ran from July 1867 to May 1868 but that was only the first volume. The second series lasted way longer. The new "Annali" saw contributions from Alfred Clebsch, Elwin Christoffel, Paul Gordan, Camille Jordan, Cayley, Charles Hermite, Rudolf Sturm, Carl Neumann, Hermann Schwarz and Georg Friedrich Bernhard Riemann. "Pari pasu", Tortolini’s influence over the content of the second series ebbed. At the end of the century, the new journal had become one of Europe’s premiere mathematical journals. This new "Annali" enjoys continuity into the present day.
"L'envoi".
In the early years, in his role as sole editor of the "Annali", Tortolini corresponded with all the major scientists of his day. Aside from Betti, Tortolini was one of the few Italian contemporaries to tap into foreign journals and by doing so established a rapport with the finest minds of his time including Carl Friedrich Gauss, Joseph Louis Lagrange, Cauchy, Riemann, Luigi Bianchi, Tullio Levi-Civita, Charles Hermite, Niels Abel, Peter Gustav Lejeune Dirichlet, Sir William Thomson, Augustus De Morgan, J. J. Sylvester, Gabriel Lamé, and Eugenio Beltrami. His contributions to mathematical research — over one hundred papers — have yet to be assessed on their own merits.
On 20 September 1870, after refusing to sign a loyalty oath to the King of Italy upon invasion and occupation of Roma by the Italian troops led by Raffaele Cadorna, Tortolini lost the chair of calculus at Roma. A year earlier he had become paralyzed and was ultimately forced to retire his various positions. He died in Ariccia, Rome, on 24 August 1874.
Honors.
The street “"Via Barnaba Tortolini"” in Rome is named for Tortolini.

</doc>
<doc id="18507062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507062" title="Ron Lamb">
Ron Lamb

Ronald Lamb (February 3, 1944June 20, 2000) was an American collegiate and Professional Football running back at the University of South Carolina, the American Football League and the National Football League.
Lamb played collegiately at the University of South Carolina. He was drafted by the Dallas Cowboys in the 13th round (190th overall) of the 1966 NFL Draft. Lamb played for the AFL's Denver Broncos (1968)and the Cincinnati Bengals (1968-1969) and the NFL's Bengals (1970-1971) and Atlanta Falcons (1972).

</doc>
<doc id="18507063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507063" title="Wadi al-Arayis">
Wadi al-Arayis

Wadi al-Arayis () is a Palestinian village located ten kilometers east of Bethlehem.The village is in the Bethlehem Governorate Southern West Bank. According to the Palestinian Central Bureau of Statistics, the village had a population of 2,169 in mid-year 2006. The primary healthcare is obtained in al 'Ubeidiya where the Ministry of Heath have classified the care facilities as level 3.

</doc>
<doc id="18507090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507090" title="Malcolm Barrett">
Malcolm Barrett

Malcolm Barrett may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18507093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507093" title="Kakegawa-shiyakusho-mae Station">
Kakegawa-shiyakusho-mae Station

Station History.
Kakegawa-shiyakusho-mae Station was established on March 18, 1996 as a commuter station after the relocation of Kakegawa city hall to a nearby location. The station is also located in close proximity to a number of large factories.
Layout.
Kakegawa-shiyakusho-mae Station is an unmanned station with a single, elevated side platform. 
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Tenryū Hamanako Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18507094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507094" title="Radio Wars">
Radio Wars

Radio Wars may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18507105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507105" title="Haneda Airport Terminal 1 Station">
Haneda Airport Terminal 1 Station

The name in Japanese means "the 1st building of Haneda Airport".
Structure.
Underground station with one island platform which has platform screen doors. It lies under the Terminal 1 Building (for domestic lines of Japan Airlines, Japan Transocean Air, Skymark Airlines, StarFlyer) of Tokyo International Airport, which is commonly known as Haneda Airport.

</doc>
<doc id="18507109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507109" title="List of intergovernmental organizations">
List of intergovernmental organizations

The following is a list of the major existing intergovernmental organizations (IGOs).
For a more complete listing, see the "Yearbook of International Organizations", which includes c25,000 international non-governmental organizations (INGOs), excluding for-profit enterprises, about 5,000 IGOs, and lists dormant and dead organizations as well as those in operation (figures as of the 49th edition, 2012/13).
United Nations and agencies.
The UN has six principle organs:
The UN also includes various Funds, Programmes and specialized agencies:
Defunct.
Intergovernmental Renewable Energy Organization (IREO)

</doc>
<doc id="18507113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507113" title="Maxie Shapiro">
Maxie Shapiro

Maxie Shapiro is an American boxer from New York, New York. Shapiro was undefeated in his first 37 fights, with a record of 36-0-1.
Maxie fought Leo Rodak two times. The first fight Maxie lost in Brooklyn, New York, by decision. The second fight Maxie won by decision at Ebbets Field.
In Maxie's next fight he fought Jackie Wilson (Boxer), losing by decision in Baltimore, Maryland.
Maxie also fought one of the greatest fighters of all time, Sugar Ray Robinson. Maxie lost by decision at Madison Square Garden.
Maxie then went on to fight the great Henry Armstrong. Maxie lost by TKO in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="18507121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507121" title="Irene in Time">
Irene in Time

Irene in Time is a 2009 American independent film directed by Henry Jaglom. It marked the second collaboration between director Jaglom and actress Tanna Frederick, who also starred in "Hollywood Dreams", Jaglom's 2006 film. "Irene" also starred Victoria Tennant, Lanre Idewu, and Andrea Marcovicci.

</doc>
<doc id="18507122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507122" title="Polack (surname)">
Polack (surname)

Polak, aka "Polack", "Poláček" or "Pollack" is a surname common in Germany, Denmark, the Czech Republic, and the United States. One of its meanings may be "Polish man". It may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="18507124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507124" title="Nishi-Kakegawa Station">
Nishi-Kakegawa Station

Station History.
Nishi-Kakegaa Station was established on May 10, 1956 as a passenger station on the Japan National Railway Futamata Line. After the privatization of JNR on March 15, 1987, the station came under the control of the Tenryū Hamanako Line.
Layout.
Nishi-Kakegawa Station is an unmanned station with a single, elevated side platform. 
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Tenryū Hamanako Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18507130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507130" title="Hoplocorypha lacualis">
Hoplocorypha lacualis

Hoplocorypha lacualis is a species of praying mantis found in Somalia, Tanzania and the Congo River region. 

</doc>
<doc id="18507134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507134" title="Sévère Rivard">
Sévère Rivard

Sévère-Dominique Rivard (7 August 1834 – 4 February 1888) was a Canadian lawyer and politician, the Mayor of Montreal, Quebec between 1879 and 1881.
After an education at the Séminaire de Nicolet, Rivard apprenticed in law under Rodolphe Laflamme and Edmund Barnard, formally becoming a lawyer in 1859.
In 1870, Rivard was elected to city council at the Saint-Jacques ward and was re-elected to council in 1873. Between 1870 and 1877 he also served as a member of the city's Roman Catholic Board of School Commissioners. Rivard campaigned for mayor in 1879, defeating the allegedly undefeatable incumbent Jean-Louis Beaudry by a 290 vote margin. He ran unopposed in the 1880 election and enjoyed a second term as Mayor. 
He was a member of the Legislative Council of Quebec from 1886 until his death.
Rivard died on 4 February 1888 after sustaining a case of "paralysis".

</doc>
<doc id="18507138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507138" title="Scott Austin">
Scott Austin

Scott Austin is a music executive, record producer and on-camera personality.
Biography.
Austin is the CEO of Authentik Artists, a Los Angeles-based music company that is dedicated to emerging artist development. Authentik Artists is a content company that helps independent talent realize the full revenue potential from their recorded music and music publishing assets. Authentik builds brand awareness and profile for their clients through digital mediums and music licensing. Prior to being appointed to Authentik, Austin was an A&R Executive at Maverick/Warner Bros and Capitol Records and is credited with the early discovery and/or signing of artists such as Michelle Branch, The All-American Rejects, Tyler Hilton, Eric Hutchinson, Family Force 5, MoZella, and others.
Austin has additionally appeared as a host and industry expert on several major network and internet broadcasts including Extra, Style Network’s "Making it Big", G4 Network’s Attack of the Show, Slice Network’s "Rocker Moms" season one, Deepak Chopra, and online broadcast "The :90 Music Show with Scott Austin."
Scott’s production credits include Album Producer for the Top 40 charting single “When It Comes” for Tyler Hilton in 2005 and Executive Producer for the short music film "Hands Of Hatred" starring Ice-T, Rumer Willis and Edward Furlong in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18507139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507139" title="Hoplocorypha cacomana">
Hoplocorypha cacomana

Hoplocorypha cacomana is a species of praying mantis found in Tanzania and the Congo River region.

</doc>
<doc id="18507142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507142" title="Sakuragi Station (Shizuoka)">
Sakuragi Station (Shizuoka)

Station history.
Sakuragi Station was established on April 17, 1935 as a station on the Japan National Railway Futamata line named . Scheduled freight services were discontinued from November 1971. After the privatization of JNR on March 15, 1987, the station was given its present name and came under the control of the Tenryū Hamanako Line. 
Layout.
Sakuragi Station has two opposed, elevated side platforms, and a small wooden station building. 
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Tenryū Hamanako Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18507147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507147" title="Hoplocorypha carli">
Hoplocorypha carli

Hoplocorypha carli is a species of praying mantis found in Rwanda.

</doc>
<doc id="18507152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507152" title="Ikoinohiroba Station">
Ikoinohiroba Station

History.
Ikoinohiroba Station was established on April 17, 1988, as a temporary station for use during the Shizuoka Prefectural qualifying games of the annual National High School Baseball Championship.
Layout.
Ikoinohiroba Station is an unmanned station with a single elevated side platform, and a small wooden shelter built onto the platform. 
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Tenryū Hamanako Railroad
 

</doc>
<doc id="18507159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507159" title="Hoplocorypha bottegi">
Hoplocorypha bottegi

Hoplocorypha bottegi is a species of praying mantis found in Ethiopia, Somalia, and Tanzania.

</doc>
<doc id="18507161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507161" title="Hosoya Station (Shizuoka)">
Hosoya Station (Shizuoka)

Station History.
Hosoya Station was established on May 10, 1956, as a passenger station on the Japan National Railway Futamata Line. After the privatization of JNR on March 15, 1987, the station came under the control of the Tenryū Hamanako Line.
Layout.
Hosoya Station is an unmanned station with a single elevated side platform, and a small wooden waiting room. 
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Tenryū Hamanako Railroad
 

</doc>
<doc id="18507166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507166" title="Hoplocorypha boromensis">
Hoplocorypha boromensis

Hoplocorypha boromensis is a species of praying mantis found in Zambia.

</doc>
<doc id="18507170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507170" title="Haranoya Station">
Haranoya Station

Station history.
Haranoya Station was established on April 17, 1935 as a station on the Japan National Railway Futamata line. Scheduled freight services were discontinued from August 1962. After the privatization of JNR on March 15, 1987, the station came under the control of the Tenryū Hamanako Line. It was used as a set for , a Japanese television drama series on Fuji Television in 2004. 
Layout.
Haranoya Station has two opposed, elevated side platforms, and a small wooden station building. 
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Tenryū Hamanako Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18507175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507175" title="Manuel Vitorino">
Manuel Vitorino

Manuel Vitorino Pereira (January 30, 1853 – November 9, 1902) was a Governor of Bahia and a Vice-President under Prudente de Morais. 
Vitorino was born in Salvador, Bahia. He was a writer and a physician before entering politics.

</doc>
<doc id="18507181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507181" title="Hoplocorypha bicornis">
Hoplocorypha bicornis

Hoplocorypha bicornis is a species of praying mantis found in the Transvaal area of South Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="18507184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507184" title="Jurat ash-Sham'a">
Jurat ash-Sham'a

Jurat ash-Sham'a () is a Palestinian village located ten kilometers south of Bethlehem. The village is in the Bethlehem Governorate in the southern West Bank. According to the Palestinian Central Bureau of Statistics, the village had a population of 1,491 in 2007. The primary healthcare is obtained in Beit Fajjar where the Ministry of Heath have classified the care facilities as level 3.

</doc>
<doc id="18507186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507186" title="Harada Station">
Harada Station

Station history.
Harada Station was established on March 13, 1988. Due to its location surrounded by hills and rice fields in a relatively unpopulated area, it is often used as a set for movies and TV dramas.
Layout.
Harada Station is an unmanned station with a single elevated side platform.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Tenryū Hamanako Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18507191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507191" title="Hoplocorypha acuta">
Hoplocorypha acuta

Hoplocorypha acuta is a species of praying mantis found on Madagascar and in Tanzania. 

</doc>
<doc id="18507196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507196" title="Towata Station">
Towata Station

Station history.
Towata Station was established on April 13, 1960 a station on the Japan National Railway Futamata line. After the privatization of JNR on March 15, 1987, the station came under the control of the Tenryū Hamanako Line.
Layout.
Towata Station has a single elevated side platform. The station is built on an embankment, with a small station building located at the platform, connected to the street by stairs.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Tenryū Hamanako Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18507201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507201" title="Hoplocorypha congica">
Hoplocorypha congica

Hoplocorypha congica is a species of praying mantis found in Angola and the Congo River region.

</doc>
<doc id="18507205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507205" title="Enshū-Mori Station">
Enshū-Mori Station

Station History.
Enshū-Mori Station was established on April 17, 1935, the terminal station on the Japan National Railway Futamata line, until the extension of the line to Kanasashi Station on June 1, 1940. Freight services were discontinued in 1970. After the privatization of JNR on March 15, 1987, the station came under the control of the Tenryū Hamanako Line.
Layout.
Enshū-Mori Station has a side platform and an island platform serving three tracks. The station building is an old wooden structure.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Tenryū Hamanako Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18507209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507209" title="Enden Station">
Enden Station

Station History.
Enden Station was established on March 13, 1988 as a commuter station.
Layout.
Enden Station is an unmanned station with a single elevated side platform, and a small wooden shelter built onto the platform.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Tenryū Hamanako Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18507210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507210" title="Hoplocorypha dentata">
Hoplocorypha dentata

Hoplocorypha dentata is a species of praying mantis found in Kenya, Tanzania, and Zimbabwe.

</doc>
<doc id="18507221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507221" title="Hoplocorypha distinguenda">
Hoplocorypha distinguenda

Hoplocorypha distinguenda is a species of praying mantis found in Nigeria.

</doc>
<doc id="18507222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507222" title="Tōtōmi-Ichinomiya Station">
Tōtōmi-Ichinomiya Station

Lines.
Tōtōmi-Ichinomiya Station is served by the Tenryū Hamanako Railroad Tenryū Hamanako Line. It is 16.4 rail km from the terminus of the line at Kakegawa Station.
Station layout.
Tōtōmi-Ichinomiya Station has two opposing side platforms serving two tracks. The station is not staffed full time.
History.
Tōtōmi-Ichinomiya Station opened on June 1, 1940 when the section of the Japan National Railways Futamata Line was extended from Enshū-Mori Station to Kanasashi Station. Scheduled freight services were discontinued from August 1962, and small parcel service in June 1970. After the privatization of JNR on March 15, 1987, the station came under the control of the Tenryū Hamanako Line.

</doc>
<doc id="18507230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507230" title="Shikiji Station">
Shikiji Station

Station history.
Shikiji Station was established on June 1, 1940 when the section of the Japan National Railways Futamata Line was extended from Enshū-Mori Station to Kanasashi Station. Scheduled freight services were discontinued from August 1962, and small parcel service in June 1970. After the privatization of JNR on March 15, 1987, the station came under the control of the Tenryū Hamanako Line.
Layout.
Shikiji Station is an unmanned station with a single side platform connected directly to a wooden station building.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Tenryū Hamanako Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18507231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507231" title="Hoplocorypha foliata">
Hoplocorypha foliata

Hoplocorypha foliata is a species of praying mantis found in Tanzania.

</doc>
<doc id="18507235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507235" title="St. Peter's Church (Queenstown, Maryland)">
St. Peter's Church (Queenstown, Maryland)

St. Peter's Church, also known as St. Peter the Apostle Church, is a Roman Catholic church located near Queenstown, Maryland. It is a prominent landmark along US 50, its brick walls unusually close to the highway. 
Description.
The original church was built between 1823 and 1827, but was substantially altered in 1877, re-orienting the plan of the building from a simple rectangular building to a cruciform plan with an octagonal apse on the north side. The detailing was altered to a more Victorian-Gothic appearance with simple rose windows and Stick style trim. Only the brick walls of the original church remain. The interior retains its Victorian detailing, stained glass and altar furnishings. St. Peters is associated with the Our Mother of Sorrows church in Centreville. 
St. Peter the Apostle was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 10, 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="18507239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507239" title="The Adventures of Hutch the Honeybee">
The Adventures of Hutch the Honeybee

The Adventures of Hutch the Honeybee, or Honeybee Hutch, is an anime cartoon series produced by Tatsunoko Productions. The cartoon features the adventures of a young bee named Hutch : the son of a Queen bee, Hutch is separated from his mother when his native beehive is destroyed by an attack of wasps. The series follows Hutch as he searches for his missing mother, in the midst of a frequently hostile nature.
After being broadcast in several European countries, the show was translated into English as "Honeybee Hutch", and re-edited in the 1990s, by Saban Entertainment. A sequel, New Honeybee Hutch or "The New Adventures of Hutch the Honeybee", and numbering 26 episodes, was produced in 1974. The original series was remade in 1989 under the same Japanese title, .
The original show (1971) is notable for its frequently sad and cruel scripts. In many episodes, Hutch would befriend another insect, only to see his new friend die a violent and painful death. In one, he befriended a female honey bee who lost her brothers and sisters to a hornet army. The 1989 remake, however, featured completely new episodes and a much more light-hearted story. On 31 July, a 2010 remake of show was released in Japan titled Hutch the Honeybee.
Other foreign versions.
The original series was broadcast in France, by TF1, and Quebec (Canada) starting in 1979, under the titles "Le Petit Prince Orphelin" (The little Orphan Prince) and "Hutchy le Petit Prince Orphelin". The re-edited Saban version was broadcast in 1997, under the title "Micky l'abeille" (Micky the bee), with a new French dubbing.
In Italy, the show was broadcast by Italia 1 as "L'ape Magà" (Magà the bee), a title similar to the more popular "Maya the Bee". In the Italian dubbing, the male character of Hutch was turned into a female bee like Maya, which created some awkward moments in the translations, such as in the episode which depicts Hutch falling in love with a female butterfly. The Italian dialogue sometimes left the character's gender unclear, generating some confusion.
The show was also broadcast in Spain by the television network Telecino.
In Latin America, the show was broadcast as "Josemiel" in the 1980s, for Mexico, the original edition was sent in 1984 to be transmitted by Televisa and Canal 6, got a lot of appreciation by their fans due to the dramatic script and the not-translated Japanese intro and ending. Some years later, the remake named "Las Aventuras de Hutch" were transmitted also by Televisa, but as being adapted from the American version of the animation it got less popularity than the original series. In Brazil, it was broadcast by Rede Globo.

</doc>
<doc id="18507248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507248" title="Mike Mavor">
Mike Mavor

Mike Mavor is a New Zealand rugby union player. He was the first North Otago player to play 100 games. After retirement he was pulled back to the North Otago squad due to injuries to the team.

</doc>
<doc id="18507250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507250" title="Toyooka Station (Shizuoka)">
Toyooka Station (Shizuoka)

Station history.
Toyooka Station was established on June 1, 1940, when the section of the Japan National Railways Futamata Line was extended from Enshū-Mori Station to Kanasashi Station. Scheduled freight services were discontinued from February 1964. After the privatization of JNR on March 15, 1987, the station came under the control of the Tenryū Hamanako Line. The station was rebuilt in 2003 through the efforts of the local Chamber of Commerce, and an additional platform was added at that time.
Layout.
Toyooka Station is an unattended station with an opposing side platforms. 
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Tenryū Hamanako Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18507251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507251" title="Hoplocorypha garuana">
Hoplocorypha garuana

Hoplocorypha foliata is a species of praying mantis found in Angola, Cameroon, Namibia, Tanzania, and Togo.

</doc>
<doc id="18507260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507260" title="Carlos Toledo Plata">
Carlos Toledo Plata

Carlos Francisco Toledo Plata (December 13, 1932 – August 10, 1984) was a Colombian doctor, politician, co-founder and early leader of the guerrilla movement known as M-19, who also laid the basis for the movement’s socialist platforms with his Marxist ideologies. He was also a Member of the Colombian Chamber of Representatives for the electoral constituency of Santander and part of the National Popular Alliance party.
In 1952 Toledo Plata moved to Argentina to study Traumatology. It was there that he became familiar with the growing movement called Peronism, which influenced his political outlook from then on, and where he trained with the Argentinean terrorist group known as Montoneros.
Capture.
After being persecuted by the Colombian Military in an attack that forced his unit to disperse, Toledo then managed to flee to Ecuador with the help of the Spanish reporter María Martín using a fake Spanish passport. Once in Ecuador, he tried to apply for political asylum, but was instead detained and handed over to the Colombian authorities. Once in Colombian custody he was imprisoned in La Picota, Toledo and fellow fighter Álvaro Fayad Delgado, were granted amnesty from the Government of President Belisario Betancur in 1982, and Toledo was able to return to civil life.
Death.
He was assassinated on August 10, 1984, in a surprise attack by two men on a motorcycle who met him just outside his home in the early hours of the morning, and shot him five times. The incident caused great tensions in the country, as it happened days before the signing of a Peace Accord between the Government and the M-19. The M-19 alluded the attack to the Military as a revenge killing for an attack on the Military the previous week by the M-19. The Government alluded the attack to other guerrilla groups, and those who were against the Peace Process. In retaliation, the M-19 commanded by Rosemberg Pabón launched a siege on the city on Yumbo, where they burned the office of the Mayor, and tried but failed to capture the police headquarters
Although his death was a grave blow to the accord, the Government and the M-19 agreed to go ahead and sign the treaty, and even accelerated the event to prevent any complications.

</doc>
<doc id="18507270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507270" title="Hoplocorypha perplexa">
Hoplocorypha perplexa

Hoplocorypha perplexa is a species of praying mantis found in Angola, Namibia, Tanzania, Zimbabwe and the Congo River area.

</doc>
<doc id="18507271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507271" title="Alexander of Athens">
Alexander of Athens

Alexander (Gr. ) of Athens was a comic poet, the son of Aristion, whose name occurs in an inscription given in Böckh, who refers it to the 145th Olympiad (200 BC). There seems also to have been a poet of the same name who was a writer of the Middle Comedy, quoted by the Scholiast on Homer, and Aristophanes and Athenaeus.

</doc>
<doc id="18507274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507274" title="Navidad">
Navidad

Navidad is the Spanish Christmas album by Christian pop singer Jaci Velasquez and is essentially a Spanish version of her previous album "Christmas".
Tracklist.
reference

</doc>
<doc id="18507278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507278" title="Hoplocorypha salfii">
Hoplocorypha salfii

Hoplocorypha salfii is a species of praying mantis found in Ethiopia and Somalia.

</doc>
<doc id="18507279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507279" title="Jackie Wilson (boxer)">
Jackie Wilson (boxer)

Jackie Wilson was an American boxer born in South Carolina but raised and listed from Pittsburgh. He was undefeated in his first 6 fights with a record of 4-0-2.
Wilson fought Tommy Paul twice. Wilson won both times in Pennsylvania by decision in the first fight and by TKO in the second fight. He fought Sammy Angott and won by decision in Pennsylvania. He also fought Freddie Miller two times. The first fight Wilson won by decision in Motor Square Garden. The second fight he won by decision in Cincinnati. He fought Speedy Dado in California and won by decision. He fought Sammy Angott in Milwaukee, Wisconsin and lost by decision.
Wilson fought Leo Rodak four times. The first three fights went to a draw. The fourth fight was for the World Featherweight Title the Maryland State Version. Rodak won by decision in Baltimore, Maryland. Wilson fought Rodak for a fifth and sixth time. Rodak won the fifth fight by decision in Chicago. The sixth fight Rodak again won by decision in Ohio.
Wilson fought David Kui Kong Young two straight times. The first fight Wilson won by DQ in Australia. The second fight he won by decision in Australia. He fought Maxie Shapiro in Baltimore, Maryland and won by decision. He fought Willie Joyce in Washington, D.C., and lost by TKO.
He fought Richie Lemos for the National Boxing Association World featherweight title and won by decision in Los Angeles, California. In a rematch for the belt, Wilson beat Lemos again by decision in Los Angeles, California. Wilson also fought the great Willie Pep. Pep won by decision in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="18507281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507281" title="Pulat Abdullayev">
Pulat Abdullayev

Pulat Habibovich Abdullayev () (born 16 January 1942) is a Russian career diplomat.
Abdullayev graduated from the Moscow State Institute of International Relations in 1966, and went on to work in various diplomatic posts in the central offices of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and abroad. 
From 1991 to 26 May 1995, Abdullayev was the Ambassador of Russia to Djibouti. When the Russian Federation formed in 1993, he was promoted to the rank of Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the Russian Federation by Boris Yeltsin on October 18, 1993. He left that post on May 26, 1995.
Serving as the lead advisor of the Department of Security and Disarmament of the Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs (1995–2000), Abdullayev represented the Russian Federation at the Disarmament Commission of the United Nations. He led the team of Russian diplomats responsible for Safeguards, Transparency and Irreversibility talks with the United States on the exchange of information on disarmament. In April 1999, he testified before the Commission that the NATO incursion in the Balkans would be detrimental for the progress of ratifying the 1993 START II arms treaty.
From May 26, 2000 to March 24, 2006, Abdullayev was the Ambassador of Russia to Cameroon, with concurrent accreditation to Equatorial Guinea.
In 2002, Abdullayev was awarded the Order of Honor.
An honorary member of the Belgian Royal Society of Napoleonic Research, under the pseudonym "A. Platov", Abdullayev's book "So Said Napoleon" () was published in 2003.
Abdullayev speaks Russian, English and French, and he is married with two children.

</doc>
<doc id="18507284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507284" title="Haneda Airport Terminal 2 Station">
Haneda Airport Terminal 2 Station

The station name in Japanese means "the 2nd building of Haneda Airport".
Structure.
Underground station with one island platform which has platform screen doors. Another island platform which shares one track with the platform now in use is reserved. The station lies under the Terminal 2 Building (for domestic lines of All Nippon Airways, Hokkaido International Airlines, Skynet Asia Airways, StarFlyer) of Tokyo International Airport, which is commonly known as Haneda Airport.

</doc>
<doc id="18507285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507285" title="Bob McDougall">
Bob McDougall

Bob McDougall was a Scottish professional footballer St Cuthbert Wanderers, Dumfries, Liverpool, Ayr United, Falkirk and Queen of the South.
Early years.
Bob McDougall from Kirkcudbright began playing his football career with local side St Cuthbert Wanderers. McDougall then played for Dumfries at their Eastfield ground.
Liverpool.
Bob McDougall then went to Liverpool for whom he played in the 1913/14 F.A. Cup. He also played 7 league games scoring on his debut.
Ayr United and Falkirk.
After World War I Bob McDougall gave service to Ayr United and Falkirk.
Queen of the South.
Bob McDougall then returned to South West Scotland to play for the recently formed professional team in Dumfries, Queen of the South. At Queens in 1922-23 McDougall played alongside Joe Dodds in the last season when Queens played in a regional set up. Queens were unbeated in winning the Western League that season.
With Bob McDermid also having joined them Bob McDougall was with Queen of the South entering the Scottish Football League in 1923-24 at its lowest level, the newly created Scottish Third Division, finishing a respectable third and winning the Scottish Qualifying Cup.
Later years.
After Queen of the South Bob McDougall returned to St. Cuthbert Wanderers.

</doc>
<doc id="18507288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507288" title="David Kui Kong Young">
David Kui Kong Young

David Kui Kong Young (December 5, 1916 – December 29, 2012) was a Chinese boxer. Kui Kong Young was undefeated in his first 6 fights with a record of 4-0-2.
Kui Kong Young fought Jackie Wilson in two straight fight in Australia. Kui Kong Young lost both fights. The first fight he lost by DQ. The second fight he lost by decision. Kui Kong Young fought Little Dado three times. The first fight Kui Kong Young won by decision at the Honolulu Stadium. The second fight David won again by decision at the Honolulu Stadium. The third fight was for the World Bantamweight Title only recognized by the Hawaiian Territorial Boxing Commission and David won again this time by TKO at the Honolulu Stadium. Kui Kong Young defended the World Bantamweight Title against Manuel Ortiz. Ortiz won by split decision in Honolulu, Hawaii.

</doc>
<doc id="18507291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507291" title="Kaminobe Station">
Kaminobe Station

Station History.
Kaminobe Station was established on May 6, 1955 as part of the Japan National Railways Futamata Line. After the privatization of JNR on March 15, 1987, the station came under the control of the Tenryū Hamanako Line. 
Layout.
Kaminobe Station is an unmanned station with a side platform. 
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Tenryū Hamanako Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18507293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507293" title="Super Spider-Man &amp; Captain Britain">
Super Spider-Man &amp; Captain Britain

Super Spider-Man and Captain Britain was a weekly comic book magazine published by Marvel UK from July–December 1977. It was a continuation of the ongoing Marvel UK Spider-Man weekly reprint comic, previously known as "Super Spider-Man and the Titans", hence the high issue numbers ("Super Spider-Man and Captain Britain" started with issue #231).
Publication history.
The title's main features were black-and-white reprints of stories from the American "The Amazing Spider-Man" comic, with new eight-page black-and-white Captain Britain stories, continuing the stories from the cancelled Captain Britain solo comic, "Captain Britain Weekly".
"Super Spider-Man and Captain Britain" lasted 22 issues before being renamed simply "Super Spider-Man" (and the Captain Britain stories being replaced by Captain America). The high-note of the run was the six-issue finale, written by Chris Claremont with art by John Byrne, featuring both Spider-Man and Captain Britain and the debut of the villain Arcade. (This storyline originated in the American Marvel title "Marvel Team-Up" #65 & 66, published in the U.S. shortly before being reprinted here. The storyline was again reprinted in England in the 1979 Marvel UK book "Captain Britain Summer Special".)
With his ouster from "Super Spider-Man", Captain Britain would not be seen again for over a year, eventually doing a team-up with The Black Knight in Marvel UK's "Hulk Comic" in 1979, during the "Otherworld Saga."

</doc>
<doc id="18507300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507300" title="Agapanthus praecox">
Agapanthus praecox

Agapanthus praecox (Common Agapanthus, Blue Lily, African Lily, or Lily of the Nile) is a native of the Cape of Good Hope in South Africa. Local names for this species include "agapant", "bloulelie", "isicakathi" and "ubani". Most of the cultivated plants of the genus "Agapanthus" are hybrids or cultivars of this species.
Description.
"Agapanthus praecox" is a variable species with open-faced flowers. It is divided into three subspecies: subsp."praecox", subsp. "orientalis" and subsp. "minimus."
"A. o." subsp. "praecox".
This subspecies occurs in Eastern Cape province of South Africa. It usually grows to between 0.8 and 1 metre tall and has 10-11 leathery leaves. The blue flowers, appear from December to February. These have perianth segments which are greater than 50 mm in length.
"A. o." subsp. "minimus".
Occurring in the southeastern Western Cape and Eastern Cape, this subspecies is the smallest, ranging in height from 300 to 600 mm. It has a longer flowering season, from November to March. Flower colour includes white and various shades of blue.
Naturalisation.
The species is naturalised in Australia, New Zealand and the Isles of Scilly.
"Agapanthus praecox" subsp. "orientalis" is highly regarded for being tough in sun and heat, long-flowering, and is a favourite for many councils in Australia for the landscaping of roads and other public areas which do not get watered. The plant is still widely planted but in some areas it is considered a weed, and planting has been discontinued, although it is not generally regarded as highly invasive.

</doc>
<doc id="18507304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507304" title="Tenryū-Futamata Station">
Tenryū-Futamata Station

Station History.
Tenryū-Futamata Station was established on April 1, 1940 when the section of the Japan National Railways Futamata Line was extended from Enshū-Mori Station to Kanasashi Station. Scheduled freight services were discontinued from 1982. After the privatization of JNR on March 15, 1987, the station came under the control of the Tenryū Hamanako Line.
Layout.
Tenryū-Futamata Station is a manned station with a side platform and an island platform serving three tracks. The rail yard for the Tenryū Hamanako Line is located next to this station, and retains the roundhouse and turntable from the days the line used steam locomotives. Both are listed by that national government as Important Cultural Properties under the category of “Heritage of Industrial Modernization”.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Tenryū Hamanako Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18507318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507318" title="Marie-Catherine Huot">
Marie-Catherine Huot

Marie-Catherine Huot (30 April 1791 – 7 January 1869), known as Sainte-Madeleine in her vocation, succeeded Marie-Victoire Baudry as superior of the Congregation of Notre Dame with its motherhouse in Montreal, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="18507328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507328" title="Hindaza">
Hindaza

Hindaza () is a Palestinian village located six kilometers south-east of Bethlehem. The village is in the Bethlehem Governorate Southern West Bank. According to the Palestinian Central Bureau of Statistics, the village had a population of 4,779 in 2007. The primary healthcare is obtained in Za'atara where the Ministry of Heath have classified the care facilities as level 3.

</doc>
<doc id="18507329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507329" title="Futamata-Hommachi Station">
Futamata-Hommachi Station

Station History.
Futamata-Hommachi Station was established on December 15, 1956, as a passenger station on the Japan National Railways Futamata Line. After the privatization of JNR on March 15, 1987, the station came under the control of the Tenryū Hamanako Line. 
Layout.
Futamata-Hommachi Station is an unmanned station with an opposing side platforms. Half of the station building is occupied by a privately operated café.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Tenryū Hamanako Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18507352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507352" title="Pseudomusonia lineativentri">
Pseudomusonia lineativentri

Pseudomusonia lineativentri is a species of praying mantis native to Costa Rica, Colombia, and Panama.

</doc>
<doc id="18507353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507353" title="Gerald Alphin">
Gerald Alphin

Gerald Alan Alphin (born May 21, 1964 in Portland, Oregon) was a wide receiver and slotback who played eight seasons in the Canadian Football League, mainly for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers. Alphin played college football at Kansas State University. Gerald put up 4 1,000 yards receiving seasons with his best coming with Ottawa in 1989 where he rolled up 1471 yards with 10 touchdowns, he also threw for a touchdown that season as well. 1994 with the Winnipeg Blue Bombers Gerald racked up 18 touchdowns and came 6 yards short of another 1,000 yard year, but set a personal best with 73 receptions. 
In 1995 he was a member of the Grey Cup winning Baltimore Stallions.

</doc>
<doc id="18507363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507363" title="Watisone Lotawa">
Watisone Lotawa

Watisone Lotawa is a New Zealand Rugby Union player who plays provincial rugby for Auckland in the Air New Zealand Cup
Early career.
Watisone Lotawa played for North Otago in the 3rd Division of the NPC, he was a member of the North Otago squad that won the 2002 3rd Division final against Horowhenua-Kapiti. After a couple of seasons for North Otago he took up a contract with Southland. He played 33 games for Southland and it was with them he played his first match in the Air New Zealand Cup.
Auckland.
Watisone Lotawa now plays in Auckland for clubside Suburbs, and he has been named in the 2008 Auckland side for the Air New Zealand Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="18507369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507369" title="1993 Sydney to Hobart Yacht Race">
1993 Sydney to Hobart Yacht Race

The 1993 Sydney to Hobart Yacht Race was the 49th annual running of the Australian "blue water classic" Sydney to Hobart Yacht Race. It was hosted by the Cruising Yacht Club of Australia based in Sydney, New South Wales.
The 1993 race, as in every year, began on Port Jackson (Sydney Harbour), at noon on Boxing Day (26 December 1993) before heading south for 630 nautical miles (1,170 km) through the Tasman Sea, past Bass Strait into Storm Bay and up the Derwent River to cross the finish line in Hobart, Tasmania.
"“While racing the distance of 630 nautical miles (the equivalent of over 1100 kilometres) under sail is in itself daunting, the unpredictable and often treacherous seas encountered, particularly in crossing Bass Strait make the Sydney-Hobart one of ocean racing’s classic challenges. ----- it is the toughest middle distance ocean race in the world. ----- In yachting circles, a sailor who has ‘done the Hobart race’ commands considerable respect”"
Race calamity.
The 1993 fleet comprised 104 starters. Of those 104 starters, only 38 of them completed the race due to severe weather conditions which struck the fleet near the south-eastern Australian coast as they entered Bass Strait at night. This race was arguably the toughest in recent history as the lowest number of completing yachts attests as does a staggering attrition rate. Fortunately there were no fatalities (in contrast to the 1998 yacht race, in which six died).
An unusually strong low pressure depression of 986 hpa developed, that a CSIRO Oceanography satellite photograph (unusual at the time) revealed as a spiral cloud stretching down the Queensland coast across the Tasman sea to the south island of New Zealand back across to Tasmania and corkscrewing in to the storm center in Bass Strait, where the fleet were centered. The weather built into an exceptionally strong storm (which had similar strength winds to a lower-category hurricane reaching up to 70 knots and estimated 12 meter seas, resulting in two yachts abandoned and a man overboard incident. Additionally a record 66 yachts retired from the race or sank. The winning yacht Ninety seven recorded of wind either side of the eye of the low off Gabo Island on the night of the 27th. Dec.
The April/May 1994 edition of Offshore (the official journal of CYCA) contained articles in a retrospective analysis of the 1993 Hobart race. David Lyons, the designer and crew aboard Cuckoos Nest, the IMS handicap winner, made the following personal comment, when asked why so many yachts had failed to complete, he said; 1. Yacht structural designs being inadequate for the conditions. 2. A misunderstanding of ABS approval processes. 3. Refined rig designs that fail to meet the race loads. 4. Poor maintenance. 5. Yachts pushed beyond design limits. 6. Crews retiring due to own limitations when tired and seasick, which goes to adequacy of experience.
In an article on helmsmanship during the race, John Gray an AYF Offshore Yachtmaster aboard Sea-U-Later a 12m admirals cup yacht, described how they discovered only 3 out of 8 crew were capable of helming in those conditions at night, without endangering the boat or crew, and then for only one hour at a time. Early recognition of this and altering watches to cater was central to their survival and completion of the race. Only one of the three had previous Hobart experience, but all three were seasoned offshore racers.
They were also critical of the races on water weather forecasting, which during the three days of storm, did not alter its forecast for a following SE wind change, which never eventuated. But probably lured yachts further south and away from Tasmania than necessary before tacking due west to close the coast. Sea-U-Later along with other yachts tracked down the 151-degree east longitude, becoming becalmed for 20 hours around 42 degrees south, in the centre of the weakened low, that all weather reports had said had moved well into the Tasman Sea. Whilst a respite the delay cost them dearly, Sea-U-Later was 37th to complete the race. The official explanation of the meteorology during the period was in the same edition, but somehow this was not communicated to yachts at sea at the time.
As a response to the record retirement rate the Cruising Yacht Club of Australia issued an extensive questionere to yacht owners seeking comment on suitability of storm sails, adequacy of radio communications and suitability of CYCA’s standard safety equipment. They were also asked to comment "”As a result of your experience in this race is there anything you would do before starting, in say, the 1994 race to lessen the possibility of retiring should the same weather and sea conditions be anticipated’’".
In the 1993 Offshore race issue the CYCA had been "“predicting a massive fleet of 200 yachts from around the world to mark this nautical milestone in yachting history”". (the 50th. anniversary race)
The commodores message expanded "“ I hope that all owners and skippers will back up again at the end of 1994 to make the 50th. Anniversary bash to Hobart one of the largest long ocean race fleets in the history of yachting, we believe a fleet in excess of 200 yachts is highly likely.”"
As the official Sydney to Hobart Yacht Race records now show there were 371 starters and 309 finishers in 1994. It was not until 1998 that similar weather conditions returned with devastating results. Some of the lessons of 1993 had apparently not been learnt. has been the occasion for many sailboat capsizes, turtlings and fatalities.
Race progress.
The race began with an enticing spinnaker run, once out of the Sydney Heads increasing to about for the first 8 hours until around Port Kembla. There was a south bound current running at about off the NSW coast so when the southerly change came through it raised peaky seas and as the effect of the low increased the waves had no backs in them. South westers that had been blowing in Bass strait for several days cancelling the start of the Melbourne to Tasmania yacht races, had lumped up big seas that awaited the Hobart yachts. Through 27 December, the day after the start 29 boats retired, two of them abandoned sinking and a man lost overboard after the webbing of his harness snapped. Many yachts broke off racing to answer flares and three Mayday distress calls, some of the drama of the race included;
John Quinn 49 owner/skipper of the J/35 sailboat Mem went overboard without lifejacket, about 11-30 pm when a wave flattened the yacht, and was miraculously rescued by an oil tanker the Ampol Sorrel who heard his crews radio call. In the dark of night in horrific conditions, they steamed to the search area then turned on a searchlight and found him almost immediately. After being in the water 5 and ½ hrs He was picked up by the yacht Atari who had joined the search after losing her mast, and was nearby.
The crew of Adjuster abandoned her in sinking condition for the life raft which overturned and they spent the last hour clinging to it before rescue by Kingurra. The yacht Clwyd was swamped and eventually overturned when the keel fell off, the crew were rescued by Nynja Go then transferred to the radio relay vessel. The NZ yacht Swuzzlebubble VIII was rolled 360 degrees by a breaking wave, turtled, dismasted and swamped. On deck crew harnessed on were all recovered. The crew then cut the rig off, put out a No 3 headsil as a sea anchor and bailed her out while other yachts stood nearby. They managed to start the engine and motored into Eden. Meanwhile Prime Factor of Adelaide came off a big wave at speed when the mast and the main bulkhead to which it was fastened pulled straight out of the deck of the boat and disappeared over the side. Two crew members of Advantaged were injured when the yacht capsized, snapping the mast off at the base, four crew were flung overboard but quickly recovered. The navigator was thrown through a bulkhead, head first. On Atara the mast slammed through the port side and it began taking water, but reached Eden where many sought shelter and carried out repairs. Brindabella a new Jutson 75 was retired with delamination at the bow, possibly after hitting a whale. By the end of 28 December 56 yachts had retired, a further 11 by the 30th see list below. At least one of the smallest yachts sheltered in NSW ports during the worst conditions and managed to complete the race within time.
This left Ninety Seven out in front with Cuckoos Nest a 40 footer crossing tacks during the race several times, Ninety seven eventually crossed 2 hours and 1 minute ahead of her rival. The IOR winner was Wild Oats.
Fleet.
Only 38 of the 104 yachts which started in the 1993 Sydney to Hobart Yacht Race finished. These yachts are listed below:
Retirements.
The following is known of the 66 other yachts (listed in order of retirement date) that started but did not finish:
No owners or skippers of the yachts are known.

</doc>
<doc id="18507379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507379" title="The Wonders of Nature">
The Wonders of Nature

The Wonders of Nature is a book by Josiah Priest that was published in 1826. The book starts of giving God the honor of creating everything with the main focus being on the incredible nature, which seen by the author, is controlled by God. The "wonders of nature," which include a number of examples of what are now termed cryptozoology and anomalistics, are concluded in the book to be proof that God lives and interferes. The author condemns people who deny the existence of God.
Contents.
The book is divided under different subjects, here they can be seen categorized under the following categories:
Proposed plagiarism by Joseph Smith, Jr..
Some critics of Mormonism, such as Jerald and Sandra Tanner and Richard Arbanes, consider "The Wonders of Nature" to be a relevant work for its historical connection to Mormonism. David Persuitte concluded that there were a number of parallels between the Book of Mormon and "The Wonders of Nature". "The Wonders of Nature" was published five years before the Book of Mormon was published and Josiah Priest knew Oliver Cowdery, who later assisted Joseph Smith, Jr. with the production of the Book of Mormon. The chapter of Priest's book that is of interest in regards to this subject is "Northern and Western Indians, Proofs that the Indians of North America were lineally descended from the ancient Hebrews." Page 377 indicates that the origins of the North American Indians were speculated to be of Hebrew descent for at least 50 years before the writing of this book. Other theories about the Ten Lost Tribes in the Americas date back to the 17th century.

</doc>
<doc id="18507388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507388" title="Make It Real">
Make It Real

"Make It Real" is a song by the American dance-pop sibling group, The Jets, released as a single from their album, "Magic", in the spring of 1988 (see 1988 in music).
"Make It Real" became the group's fifth (and, to date, final) top-ten hit on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart, where it spent two weeks at number four in late June and early July in 1988. On the adult contemporary chart, the song became the group's second number-one hit (following "You Got It All" from the previous year). On the R&B chart, "Make It Real" reached number 24.
Moana Wolfgramm of the Jets would recall: "'Make It Real' was given to us at the eleventh hour last minute. We needed a slow ballad we were finishing up the last tracks for the 'Magic' album. Our manager Don Powell, Linda Mallah and Rick Kelly wrote this song and it was simple yet very catchy. I remember Liz [Elizabeth Wolfgramm recorded it on the road after one of our shows, I think somewhere in Texas." The video for "Make It Real" showed Elizabeth Wolfgramm singing in front of a basic blue screen background: although Elizabeth Wolfgramm was the only group member to sing on the track, still images of the other Jets were shown during the instrumental break.
The B-side of the 7" single is a Spanglish version of "Make It Real" titled "Allá Tu", with lyrics in both English and Spanish; the 12" single also contains a version of the song sung entirely in Spanish, which is also titled "Allá Tu".
"Make It Real" is a pop ballad that reflects back upon a past relationship one year since the singer met her lover. The singer is reminded of the happy times in their relationship and wants another opportunity to rekindle the passion: "I loved you / You didn't feel the same / Though we're apart, you're in my heart / Give me one more chance to make it real."

</doc>
<doc id="18507391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507391" title="Gerhard Christoph von Krogh">
Gerhard Christoph von Krogh

Gerhard Christoph von Krogh (10 October 1785 – 12 April 1860) was a Danish noble man and military officer. He served as a General and was the Danish Supreme Commander during the First Schleswig War. His victory at the Battle of Isted, was at its time the largest in Scandinavian history. The battle's anniversary on the 25th of July, is the military flag day in Denmark.
He was the son of Privy Councillor, Friderich Ferdinand von Krogh and Rosine Elisabeth von Frankenburg und Proschlitz. He married Siegfriede Victorine komtesse Knuth-Christiansdal on the 6th of February 1813 at the Citadels Church in Copenhagen. Together they had a residence in the Prince's Mansion in Copenhagen from 1817 until 1853. 
Legacy.
The memorial Isted Lion is partly dedicated to von Krogh. Kroghsgade in Århus is named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="18507393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507393" title="Nishi-Kajima Station">
Nishi-Kajima Station

Lines.
Nishi-Kajima Station is served by the following two lines.
It is located 28.5 rail kilometers from the terminus of the Tenryū Hamanako Line at Kakegawa Station and 17.8 rail kilometers from the terminus of the Enshū Railway Line at Shin-Hamamatsu Station.
Layout.
Nishi-Kashima Station has two opposed side platforms for the Enshū Railway Line and a single side platform for the Tenryū Hamanako Line. All platforms are connected by an underpass. The Tenryū Hamanako Line originally had two platforms, one of which was used primarily for freight services. This platform was destroyed when the Enshū Line repair works were relocated to Nishi-Kashima Station from Enshū-Nishigasaki Station on December 23, 1977.
Station history.
Nishi-Kashima Station opened on December 6, 1909 as the on the Kashima Line. In 1943, as part of the wartime nationalization and consolidation of private railways, this line became part of the Enshū Railway Line. On April 1, 1923, the station was renamed , and (after coming under control of the Japanese National Railways (JNR) organization on March 1, 1938, was moved approximately 400 meters to the south, and given its present name.
On June 1, 1940, JNR's Futamata Line was extended from Enshū-Mori Station to Kanasashi Station, with an intermediate stop at Nishi-Kashima Station. Scheduled freight services were discontinued from June 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="18507396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507396" title="Pseudomusonia fera">
Pseudomusonia fera

Pseudomusonia fera is a species of praying mantis native to Costa Rica, Venezuela, and Panama.

</doc>
<doc id="18507418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507418" title="Pseudomusonia maculosa">
Pseudomusonia maculosa

Pseudomusonia maculosa is a species of praying mantis native to French Guiana.

</doc>
<doc id="18507419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507419" title="Strader">
Strader

Strader is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18507420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507420" title="Michelle Carter">
Michelle Carter

Michelle Carter is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="18507437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507437" title="James Cochrane (mayor)">
James Cochrane (mayor)

James Cochrane (15 September 1852 – 28 May 1905) was a Canadian construction contractor and politician, the Mayor of Montreal, Quebec between 1902 and 1904.
Cochrane was educated at the British Canadian School and Collegiate College, then began a career in construction-related activity. He was also a Canadian soldier deployed to fight the North-West Rebellion in 1885.
Besides his term as Mayor, Cochrane also served in provincial politics winning the Montréal division no. 4 riding in the 1900 and 1904 Quebec elections. He served in the 10th Legislative Assembly of Quebec concurrent with his service as Montreal Mayor. He was re-elected to a second provincial term in the 11th Assembly, but died in office at Montreal on 28 May 1905.

</doc>
<doc id="18507439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507439" title="Pseudomusonia rapax">
Pseudomusonia rapax

Pseudomusonia rapax is a species of praying mantis native to Costa Rica and Venezuela.

</doc>
<doc id="18507447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507447" title="Alan McConnell">
Alan McConnell

Alan John McConnell (born 30 March 1957) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Footscray in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the early 1980s and later coached Fitzroy.
Originally from Kolora in the Mount Noorat Football League, Alan played with Terang in the Hampden Football League, under age football with Fitzroy and Victorian Football Association (VFA) football with Preston, McConnell was a defender at Footscray and spent three seasons with the club. In 1995 he was appointed as the caretaker coach of Fitzroy when Bernie Quinlan was sacked during the season. He again coached some games the following season year when senior coach Michael Nunan stood aside but he failed to register a win in either season. After leaving Fitzroy he joined Geelong as an assistant coach. After leaving Geelong he became the head AFL coach for the Australian Institute of Sport and later became the first appointment to the Greater Western Sydney Football Club. 

</doc>
<doc id="18507465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507465" title="Gansuiji Station">
Gansuiji Station

Station History.
Gansuiji Station was established on June 1, 1940 when the section of the Japan National Railways Futamata Line was extended from Enshū-Mori Station to Kanasashi Station. Small parcel services were discontinued from June 1970, and the station was unmanned after that time. Freight services were discontinued in April 1973. After the privatization of JNR on March 15, 1987, the station came under the control of the Tenryū Hamanako Line.
Layout.
Gansuiji Station is an unmanned station with a single side platform and a single-story station building.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Tenryū Hamanako Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18507471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507471" title="Brennan Stack">
Brennan Stack

Brennan Stack (born 26 May 1988) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for the Western Bulldogs Football Club in the Australian Football League from 2007 to 2011.
Stack nominated for the 2006 AFL National Draft. He was selected by the Bulldogs in the 3rd Round, #45 overall.
He made his debut for the Bulldogs in a 68-point win against Richmond in Round 11, 2009.
He played his second game in Round 18 in a win against Fremantle, he was among the Bulldogs best, kicking 4 goals, drawing comparisons to Liam Jurrah.
Stack, one of the Club’s Aboriginal players, was exciting to watch with exceptional skills, but ultimately played no more than 21 games, the Bulldogs failing to find a spot for him on their list for the 2012 AFL season.
He was delisted by the Western Bulldogs at the conclusion of the 2011 AFL season.

</doc>
<doc id="18507472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507472" title="Arturo Albarrán">
Arturo Albarrán

Sergio Arturo Albarrán Arellano (Born October 16, 1979 in Mexico City) is a Mexican-born Salvadoran professional soccer player who currently plays for Alianza F.C..

</doc>
<doc id="18507480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507480" title="Miyaguchi Station">
Miyaguchi Station

Station History.
Miyaguchi Station was established on June 1, 1940 when the section of the Japan National Railways Futamata Line was extended from Enshū-Mori Station to Kanasashi Station. Scheduled freight services were discontinued from June 1962. After the privatization of JNR on March 15, 1987, the station came under the control of the Tenryū Hamanako Line.
Layout.
Miyaguchi Station is an unmanned station with a single side platform and a single-story station building.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Tenryū Hamanako Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18507495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507495" title="Fruit Park Station">
Fruit Park Station

Station History.
Fruit Park Station was established on March 18, 1996.
Layout.
Fruit Park Station is an unmanned station with a single side platforms with a small station building built directly on the platform. During national holidays it is a popular place for picnics and a station manager is temporarily installed.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Tenryū Hamanako Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18507496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507496" title="1995–96 Ukrainian Second League">
1995–96 Ukrainian Second League

Group A.
Note: 
<br> The Sumy team became the second post Soviet team that lost its non-amateur status.
"FC Temp-Advis-2 Shepetivka" stopped its participation after the 7th round (results were scrached). 
<br> "SC Skify Lviv" and "FC Kakhovka" quit the League after the first half.
"Vodnyk"→"Krystal", "Nyva"→"Nyva-Kosmos", "Khimik"→"Kalush", "Transimpeks-Ros"→"Ros".
Group B.
Note: 
<br> Vahonobudivnyk Kremenchuk and Okean Kerch withdrew before start of the season.
<br> Kosmos Pavlohrad quit competition after the 11th round. All its results were annulled. 
<br> After the winter break three other teams stopped their participation: Prometey Dniprodzerzhynsk, Dynamo Slovyansk, Sportinvest Kryvyi Rih. 
<br> Shakhtar Sverdlovsk withdrew after the 25th round.
<br> "Metalurh Mariupol" was called "Azovets" in the first half of the competition. 
<br> "Metalurh Donetsk" was "Shakhtar" and was from Shakhtarsk.
Legend:

</doc>
<doc id="18507507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507507" title="SM City Bacoor">
SM City Bacoor

SM City Bacoor is a shopping mall in Brgy. Habay in the City of Bacoor, Cavite in the Philippines. It is developed and owned by SM Prime Holdings, the largest shopping mall and retail operator in the country. The mall is the very first SM Supermall in the entire Luzon region outside of Metro Manila and the very first in province of Cavite. The shopping, food and movie complex is located at the major intersection of Aguinaldo Highway, the road that leads to the highland region of the province, and Tirona Highway, which leads to the coastal area of the province. The five-level building has a total floor area of on a land area of .
History.
As one of the two SM Supermalls opened in the year 1997 (the other being SM City Fairview), SM Prime Holdings prides itself as a leading shopping mall developer in the country. The construction of the mall started in 1996 as a three-level shopping complex. However, due to the demands of Bacoor government and residents to make the shopping complex much bigger because of the recent growth of population in the municipality, SM Prime Holdings decided to transform it into a five-level shopping complex, enough to accommodate and serve the needs of people of Bacoor and its neighboring towns. The grand opening of the mall was held on July 25, 1997.
Mall features.
The mall's interior and exterior designs are similar to SM City Fairview and SM City Iloilo, particularly the "wave" design of their roofs. It was the biggest mall in Cavite for 14 years, till it was surpassed by its sister mall, SM City Dasmariñas in 2011 with its gross floor area (GFA) larger by . However, it still remains as one of the largest landmarks in the province and the biggest building erected in the city of Bacoor. 
Main building.
The main building is a five-level shopping complex, with the first four levels occupied and leased to several major tenants and numerous minor tenants. The entire 5th level (4th floor) is unoccupied as of 2013.
Warehouse building.
The warehouse building is located at the western side of the main building.
Parking spaces.
Wide parking spaces are available at the back of the mall. A separate parking lot extension is located in front of the mall.
Future expansion.
Expansion plans are underway for the mall complex. The project calls for the development of a new annex building on the vacant grassland adjacent to the west wing of the mall that will house 200+ shops and a BPO component. Construction is set to start by 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="18507508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507508" title="Aethalochroa ashmoliana">
Aethalochroa ashmoliana

Aethalochroa ashmoliana, common name Iranian Stick Mantis, is a species of praying mantis found in India, Iran, Pakistan, and Sri Lanka.

</doc>
<doc id="18507518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507518" title="The Jewish Channel">
The Jewish Channel

The Jewish Channel is a cable television channel available on Comcast, iO Optimum Cablevision, Time Warner Cable, Verizon FiOS, RCN, Frontier Communications, Bright House Networks, and Cox Cable. Approximately 45,000 households subscribe to the channel.

</doc>
<doc id="18507525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507525" title="Diagnosis">
Diagnosis

Diagnosis is the identification of the nature and cause of a certain phenomenon. Diagnosis is used in many different disciplines with variations in the use of logics, analytics, and experience to determine "cause and effect". In systems engineering and computer science, it is typically used to determine the causes of symptoms, mitigations, and solutions.

</doc>
<doc id="18507530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507530" title="Iron Wolf">
Iron Wolf

Iron Wolf or Ironwolf may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18507532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507532" title="Aethalochroa insignis">
Aethalochroa insignis

Aethalochroa insignis, common name Indian Stick Mantis, is a species of praying mantis found in India that was originally identified as a variety of "A. ashmoliana".

</doc>
<doc id="18507534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507534" title="Nigel Preston">
Nigel Preston

Nigel Preston (born 4 April 1959, London, England, died 1 April 1992) was a British drummer. He was a founding member of The Cult. He also played and recorded with Theatre of Hate, Sex Gang Children, The Baby Snakes, The Gun Club and DeLuca.
He appeared on "Top of the Pops" for the first time with Theatre of Hate in 1982, playing their Top 40 single "Do You Believe in the West World".
He played on Sex Gang's 1983 single "Mauritia Mayer," then switched places with Death Cult's drummer Ray Mondo that September.
His biggest hit was "She Sells Sanctuary" by The Cult from their "Love" album. Recorded in March 1985, the song was released as their fourth single and hit #15 in the UK charts. It re-entered the charts at #56 in September 1986, spending 14 consecutive weeks on the charts. The song was later voted #18 in VH1's Indie 100. Preston refused to accept being put on wages after the song became a hit, and his bandmates believed him to be unreliable due to drugs, leading to his departure from the band in June 1985.
After The Cult, Preston worked with Nile Rodgers in New York. He also played in the band DeLuca with Albie DeLuca (Gene Loves Jezebel) and Gary McDowell (Modern English).
In 1990 he joined Irish rock band The Baby Snakes, but soon after was sent to prison for armed robbery. After his release, he also performed with The Gun Club. Preston died of a drug overdose on April 1, 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="18507562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507562" title="Strickler">
Strickler

Strickler is a surname that refers to:

</doc>
<doc id="18507568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507568" title="Steamboats of the Yukon River">
Steamboats of the Yukon River

Steamboats on the Yukon River played arole in the development of Alaska and Yukon. Access to the interior of Alaska and Yukon was hindered by large mountains and distance, but the wide Yukon River provided a feasible route. The first steamers on the lower Yukon River were work boats for the Collins Overland Telegraph in 1866 or 1867, with a small steamer called "Wilder". The mouth of the Yukon River is far to the west at St. Michael and a journey from Seattle or San Francisco covered some .
Early history.
There were a series of steamers owned by the Alaska Commercial Company: "Yukon" (screw propeller) of 1869, and "St. Michael" (stern wheel) of 1879.
Slowly the north was opened up with the help of river steamers. "Portus B. Weare" worked the river after 1892.
Gold rush.
The discovery of gold on Rabbit Creek at Dawson City prompted Klondike Gold Rush. Thousands of gold seekers headed north.
Riverboats from the Pacific Northwest headed north to ply the route. Hundreds of boats were co-opted and others were built. Twelve identical steamboats were built by Moran Bros. (hull Nos. 9-20). Yards in Seattle, Victoria, Portland, and Vancouver all built boats. The CPR Steamer service ordered more vessels: "Moyie" and "Minto", for instance; but they arrived too late for service on the Yukon River.
Boats were either steamed across the Gulf of Alaska and Bering Sea to enter the river mouth, or they were transported in pieces over the White Pass and assembled in Whitehorse. The big revenue route was from Whitehorse several hundred miles north to Dawson.
Almost 300 commercial steamboats worked the Yukon River over the years.
In 1900, the White Pass & Yukon Route completed its railroad line between Skagway, Alaska and Whitehorse, Yukon. In 1901, the company entered the steamboat business to complete the service to points on the Yukon River. Beginning in 1901, the White Pass was almost the exclusive operator on the Upper Yukon River (Whitehorse-Dawson City). The service also included Tagish Lake and Atlin Lake, the headwaters of the Yukon River.
Reorganization.
In 1914, White Pass took over the Northern Navigation Co., which was the biggest operator on the lower Yukon River (Dawson City-Tanana-St. Michael), and the biggest operator on the Tanana/Chena Rivers (Tanana-Nenana-Fairbanks). The Northern Navigation Co. had been formed by earlier mergers including the River Divisions of the Alaska Commercial Co., the Alaska Exploration Co., the Seattle-Yukon Transportation Co., the Empire Transportation Co., and the North American Transportation & Trading Co.
At its zenith, 1914–1921, White Pass served over of rivers and lakes by boat and had a near-monopoly on public transportation in the region. Throughout its reign over the Yukon River and tributaries, the White Pass obtained 88 steamboats, some new, most from companies it took over. It inherited most of the boats of the former major operators on the Yukon River.
White Pass boats which operated on the upper Yukon River generally were registered in Canada and were operated by a subsidiary known as the British Yukon Navigation Co. White Pass boats which operated on the Lower Yukon River generally were registered in the U.S.A. and were operated by a subsidiary known as the American Yukon Navigation Co.
Beginning in 1922, most of the White Pass business on the Lower Yukon River and on the Tanana/Chena Rivers was eliminated by competition from the Alaskan Engineering Commission or “U.S. Government Railroad” (which was reorganized as The Alaska Railroad in 1923). After the U.S. Government Railroad reached Nenana in 1922, the White Pass cut back service on the Lower Yukon to between Dawson City and Tanana only, and on the Tanana River to between Tanana and Nenana only. The Alaska Railroad operated commercial boats on the Tanana River and on the Lower Yukon River from the 1923 reorganization until the end of 1953. On the Tanana River, the A.R.R. operated between Nenana and Tanana. On the Lower Yukon River, the A.R.R. operated between Tanana and Marshall, Alaska. The Alaska Railroad discontinued river passenger service at the end of the 1949 season. Connecting passenger service between Marshall and St. Michael was provided by the Northern Commercial Co., from 1923 to 1949, using the 45-foot 16-gross ton gasoline-powered screw propeller vessel "Agulleit" (U.S.A. #214487).
The Alaska Railroad ended its river freight operation and leased all of its river equipment to the Yutana Barge Line beginning in 1954. The A.R.R. sold its remaining river equipment to the Yutana Barge Line in 1980. The White Pass discontinued regular service on the Lower Yukon River and Tanana River at the end of the 1941 season. The White Pass was put out of the river business altogether by competition from the North Klondike Highway (Whitehorse-Dawson City) and the Atlin Road, which were completed in the early 1950s. Only one former White Pass boat remains operational, the Diesel-powered "Yukon Rose". One more is being considered for restoration, the gasoline-powered "Loon".
The last steamboat in regular service on the Lower Yukon River was the "Nenana", in 1954. The last steamboat in regular service on the Upper Yukon River was "Klondike" ("Klondike II"), which made her last run on July 4, 1955. The last commercial steamboat to operate under its own power on the Yukon River was the "Keno", from Whitehorse to Dawson City on August 26–29, 1960. It was an equipment run to move the boat for purposes of putting it on display at Dawson City. "Keno", the second "Klondike", "Neecheah", "Nenana", and "Tarahne" survive as museums.
List of vessels.
Please see List of steamboats on the Yukon River

</doc>
<doc id="18507582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507582" title="New Honeybee Hutch">
New Honeybee Hutch

Plot.
The sequel starts some time after the events of the first series, as Hutch and his sister, Aya, lose their mother, the Queen Bee, after an attack of the Wasps which destroys their Kingdom. Together, they embark on a long and dangerous journey to find a place called the Beautiful Hill, on which they would rebuild their kingdom, and Aya would become the Queen. Tenten, a ladybug, befriends Hutch and Aya and joins them on their journey, as he searches for his missing father. At the same time they have to confront Apachi, a wasp who seeks revenge against Hutch, believing that he killed his father.

</doc>
<doc id="18507588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507588" title="Ollabelle">
Ollabelle

Ollabelle is a New York based folk music group named after the influential Appalachian songwriter Ola Belle Reed. The group is composed of five singing multi-instrumentalists hailing from disparate parts of the United States, Canada and Australia.
History.
Ollabelle formed during the post 9/11 days of 2001 at Sunday night gospel music sessions humorously dubbed "Sunday School for Sinners" held in a small bar called 9C (so named for its location at the corner of East 9th Street and Avenue C on Manhattan's Lower East Side). Their individual talents and musical tastes fused together to provide a unique musical experience influenced by various genres such as gospel, traditional/folk, blues, bluegrass, rock, soul, and even jazz. The group was featured on the National Public Radio program All Things Considered in a 2004 segment, and was part of bluegrass/country artist Alison Krauss' national Great High Mountain Tour (2004) which in addition to Ms. Krauss also featured the revered American traditional artist Ralph Stanley. The past several years have seen Ollabelle on the road touring many states including Alaska, several European countries, and they have also played at the 2004 Newport Folk Festival, the 2007 South By Southwest music event held annually in Austin, Texas, and North Carolina's MerleFest, (2008). More recently, Ollabelle toured as part of "The American Beauty Project" a live presentation of songs from the classic Grateful Dead album "American Beauty" in which Ollabelle do their interpretations of several songs including the beautiful "Brokedown Palace". The American Beauty Project released a 2-CD live recording in 2007 featuring Ollabelle, Jim Lauderdale, Larry Campbell, Teresa Williams, Catherine Russell & David Gans. Ollabelle served as the house band for the Simon & Garfunkel tribute show at New York's Central Park Summerstage on June 8, 2010.
Ollabelle's members continually add traditional and original material to their live performances. Ollabelle's first album ("Ollabelle") was produced by the legendary T-Bone Burnett while their second album ("Riverside Battle Songs") was co-produced with former Bob Dylan sideman Larry Campbell. Several members of Ollabelle guest on the 2006 album by American folk-blues artist Chris Smither entitled "Leave the Light On" and 2009 has seen the release of Before This Time an album culled from live performances featuring both old and new material.
Two members of Ollabelle, vocalist/mandola player Amy Helm and bassist/vocalist Byron Isaacs, are regular members of the Levon Helm Band (the late Levon Helm was Amy's father) and perform at Levon's Midnight Ramble concerts. Other Ollabelle members have occasionally joined up with the Levon Helm Band, including Tony Leone, who sometimes sat in on drums with the band while Levon Helm stepped out front and played mandolin.
Since leaving Ollabelle, Jimi Zhivago has focused on a solo career, as well as production for other artists. Most notably, he has recorded multiple times with singer-songwriter Kim Taylor, including 2006's "I Feel Like A Fading Light" and 2010's "Little Miracle" EP.
Members.
Ollabelle consists of (as pictured Left to Right):
Former member:

</doc>
<doc id="18507600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507600" title="List of Genesis of Aquarion characters">
List of Genesis of Aquarion characters

This is a list of characters from the anime series "Genesis of Aquarion".
Element Users.
Youngsters with special powers are gathered from around the world and trained by DEAVA, in order to pilot the Vector Machines.
DEAVA Operatives.
DEAVA (Division of EArth Vitalization Advancement) is the organization that created the Aquarion mecha.
Minor Human Characters.
However, during the first season finale, he is brought by Toma in a cage with a bomb attached, in order to force Apollo to open the barrier protecting Aquarion. He does so, and despite getting Baron out of the cage, the latter dies when the bomb detonates and destroys the shield, sending Apollo into a rage. His last words were telling Apollo to look after the little ones, a message that Apollo would frequently remember for the rest of the series.
Shadow Angels.
There are also two more Shadow Angels in the party which make their number, ironically like the number of the Elements, nine. One that resembles a lion like Shilha except its hair is red, and a larger lion/ape creature dressed like (and that might be) a warrior. (Once there was even a winged creature that could have been a Shadow Angel pet, it looked a bit like a cross between a fox and a dog. It's revealed in the second season that this creature is named pollon and was apollonius' pet)

</doc>
<doc id="18507607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507607" title="Arkansas Highway 109">
Arkansas Highway 109

Highway 109 is a highway in western Arkansas. It runs from the Ouachita Mountains to the Arkansas River Valley in Logan and Johnson counties. There are no spur routes associated with this highway.
Mount Magazine can be seen to the east on the southern portion of the route. It can also be seen south of the Highway 22 portion of the Route.
One of the most famous feature on the route is the Morrison Bluff Bridge, also known as the Ada Mills Bridge, over the Arkansas River. This bridge claims to be the longest over the Arkansas River and also the longest bridge in Arkansas. However, it is shorter than two current Mississippi River bridges partially located in Arkansas, the Hernando de Soto Bridge and the Greenville Bridge.
Route description.
Highway 109 begins at Highway 217 in Logan County. It then runs north to Highway 10. After joining Highway 10 west for , Highway 109 runs north to Highway 309. It joins highway 309 north for a mile, then departs Highway 309 join Highway 22 east. It follows Highway 22 east for the next where it departs that highway to head north. It then travels north via the Ada Mills Bridge across the Arkansas River to U.S. Highway 64 in Clarksville.

</doc>
<doc id="18507615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507615" title="Stanton Middle School">
Stanton Middle School

Stanton Middle School is the name of multiple schools.

</doc>
<doc id="18507649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507649" title="The Baby Snakes">
The Baby Snakes

The Baby Snakes were an Irish rock band formed in 1985. The original line-up featured Frank Rynne, Niall O'Sullivan and Johnny Bonney. In October 1985 they recorded a radio session for Dave Fanning's RTÉ radio show and reached No. 13 in Fanning's Fab 50, an end-of-year listeners poll, in December 1985. Their first L.P., "Sweet Hunger", featured Brian Downey from Thin Lizzy on drums. Their second L.P. was produced by Dave Goodman. In 1988, after a BBC Radio 1 session for Janice Long, the band moved to London with new drummer Stephen R Kennedy a hydro engineer in France who previously played in a band headed by Noel Phelan (now a house DJ) where they played a mix of underground venues as well as The Marquee. 

</doc>
<doc id="18507655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507655" title="Nat Minford">
Nat Minford

Nathaniel Owens Minford (2 December 1912 – 5 September 1975), known as Nat Minford, was a Unionist politician in Northern Ireland.
Minford was born in Templepatrick and was the son of Hugh Minford, who became an Ulster Unionist Party (UUP) Member of the Parliament of Northern Ireland. Nat studied at the Royal Belfast Academical Institution before following his father into farming, and also going into business.
Minford's father died in 1950, and Nat was selected to contest the resulting by-election in Antrim for the UUP. He was successful and held the seat at each election until the Parliament was prorogued in 1972.
At the end of an Orange Institution meeting during the 1951 UK general election, the chair gave the customary declaration "God Save the King!". Minford replied "and to hell with the Pope!" An "Irish News" reporter was in the meeting and included this remark in his report. The following year, the Ulster Unionist Council rebuked him for this, stating they regretted this insult to their "Roman Catholic fellow citizens" and noted their "detestation of such statements, which are entirely opposed to the principles of the Unionist Party".
Minford had much to say on Catholicism. In 1959, he called for security screening of civil servants and asked for the percentage of Catholics employed to be made known. During the 1960s, Minford attended a Catholic church service on the occasion of the opening of a secondary school in Andersonstown. For this, he was questioned by his Orange Lodge, but was let off with a warning. He later stated that he considered it acceptable for Catholics to be members of the UUP, but that they could never be Unionist Members of Parliament.
Minford received a threat from the Ulster Volunteer Force in 1966, and as a result, the Stormont Committee on Privilege was set up.
In 1967, Minford became the Parliamentary Secretary to the Ministry of Development. The following year he became the Ministry's Senior Parliamentary Secretary, and in 1969 he became its Minister of State, also joining the Privy Council of Northern Ireland. In 1971, Minford became the Minister and Leader of the House of Commons. He was the last holder of the post.
Minford was elected to the Northern Ireland Assembly in South Antrim, and became the Speaker of the Assembly. In 1982, Ian Paisley described Minford as "...reckoned to be an extreme Right-wing Unionist... However, Nat Minford gained the respect of the Assembly."

</doc>
<doc id="18507678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507678" title="1917 Code of Canon Law">
1917 Code of Canon Law

"For the Code of Canon Law currently in effect, see 1983 Code of Canon Law"<br>
"For the Code governing the Eastern Catholic Churches, see Code of Canons of the Eastern Churches"<br>
The 1917 Code of Canon Law, also referred to as the Pio-Benedictine Code, was the first comprehensive codification of Latin canon law. It was promulgated on 27 May 1917 and took legal effect on 19 May 1918. It was in force until the 1983 Code of Canon Law took legal effect and abrogated it on 27 November 1983.
History.
By the 19th Century, this body of legislation included some 10,000 norms. Many these were difficult to reconcile with one another due to changes in circumstances and practice. This situation impelled Pope St. Pius X to order the creation of the first Code of Canon Law, a single volume of clearly stated laws. Under the aegis of the Cardinal Pietro Gasparri, the Commission for the Codification of Canon Law was completed under Benedict XV, who promulgated the Code, effective in 1918. The work having been begun by Pius X and promulgated by Benedict XV, it is sometimes called the "Pio-Benedictine Code" but more often the 1917 Code. In its preparation, centuries of material was examined, scrutinized for authenticity by leading experts, and harmonized as much as possible with opposing canons and even other codes, from the Codex of Justinian to the Napoleonic Code.
In response to the request of the bishops at the First Vatican Council, on 14 May 1904, with the motu proprio ""Arduum sane munus"," Pope Pius X set up a commission to begin work on reducing these diverse documents into a single code, presenting the normative portion in the form of systematic short canons shorn of the preliminary considerations ("Whereas...") and omitting those parts that had been superseded by later developments.
The code was promulgated on 27 May 1917 as the Code of Canon Law () by his successor, Pope Benedict XV, who set 19 May 1918 as the date on which it came into force. For the most part, it applied only to the Latin Church except when "it treats of things that, by their nature, apply to the Oriental", such as the effects of baptism (canon 87). It contained 2,414 canons.
References.
Bibliography.
Manual of Canon Law<br>
Fernando della Rocca (translated by Rev. Anselm Thatcher, O.S.B.), "Manual of Canon Law" (Milwaukee: The Bruce Publishing Company, 1959)
1917 (Pio-Benedictine) Code of Canon Law (CIC)<br>
Translated by Edward Peters, "The 1917 or Pio-Benedictine Code of Canon Law: in English Translation with Extensive Scholarly Apparatus" (Ignatius Press, 2001)

</doc>
<doc id="18507691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507691" title="The Adventures of Hutch the Honeybee (1989 series)">
The Adventures of Hutch the Honeybee (1989 series)

The show follows the original series' main storyline, and tells the adventure of a young bee who searches for his missing queen bee mother. Like the 1970 show, this remake is notable for its sad and cruel scripts, often featuring the deaths of the protagonist's friends.
Foreign versions.
In France, whereas the original series had been broadcast under the title "Le Petit Prince Orphelin" (the Little Orphan Prince), this remake was broadcast on France 3 under the titles of "Hacou l'abeille" (Hacou the bee), or simply "Hacou" with only 26 of the 55 episodes being shown. In Italy, the series was broadcast in Italia 1.
In the Middle East, the anime arrived on Kuwait under the title of Arabic Bashar (). In Jordan, it was renamed as Siwar Al-Asal (), and watched first Showtime Broadcasting in Saudi Arabia Channel 1.

</doc>
<doc id="18507714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507714" title="Miyakoda Station">
Miyakoda Station

Station History.
Miyakoda Station was established on June 1, 1940 when the section of the Japan National Railways Futamata Line was extended from Enshū-Mori Station to Kanasashi Station. Scheduled freight services were discontinued from June 1970. After the privatization of JNR on March 15, 1987, the station came under the control of the Tenryū Hamanako Line.
Layout.
Miyakoda Station is an unmanned station with a single side platform and a single-story station building, which also contains the local pharmacy. The station originally was built with opposing side platforms, but one platform was removed to create a head shunt.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Tenryū Hamanako Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18507719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507719" title="Francisco Ribera">
Francisco Ribera

Francisco Ribera (1537–1591) was a Spanish Jesuit theologian, identified with the Futurist Christian eschatological view.
Life.
He was born at Villacastín. He joined the Society of Jesus in 1570, and taught at the University of Salamanca. He acted as confessor to Teresa of Avila. He died in 1591 at the age of fifty-four, one year after the publication of his work "In Sacrum Beati Ioannis Apostoli, & Evangelistiae Apocalypsin Commentarij". 
Works.
In order to remove the papacy of the Catholic Church from consideration as the Antichrist (as an act of countering the Protestant Reformation), Ribera began writing a lengthy (500 page) commentary in 1585 on the "Book of Revelation" (Apocalypse) titled "In Sacrum Beati Ioannis Apostoli, & Evangelistiae Apocalypsin Commentarij", proposing that the first few chapters of the Apocalypse apply to ancient pagan Rome, and the rest he limited to a yet future period of 3½ literal years, immediately prior to the second coming. During that time, the Roman Catholic Church would have fallen away from the pope into apostasy because of the Reformation cry stating that "the papacy is the seat of the true and real Antichrist." (Martin Luther, Aug. 18, 1520). Then, he proposed, the Antichrist, a single individual, would:
To accomplish this, Ribera proposed that the 1260 days and 42 months and 3½ times of prophecy were not 1260 years as based on the year-day principle (Numbers 14:34 and Ezekiel 4:6), but a literal 3½ years, hence preventing the arrival of the deduction of (i) the 1260 years to be related to the Dark Ages (according to the Historicism (Christianity) interpretation of eschatology from 538 A.D. when the papal power was fully established in Rome until its political blow in 1798 A.D., when Louis-Alexandre Berthier the general of Napoleon captured pope Pius VI as prisoner to Valence, France) and (ii) the Antichrist to be related to papacy. 
Futurism.
Futurism (Christianity) is the proposal that the "Book of Revelation" does not bear the application to the Middle Ages or the papacy, rather the "future" (more particularly to a period immediately prior to the Second Coming). In the "Dictionary of Premillennial Theology" (1997) it is said that Ribera was an Augustinian amillennialist, who may have revived a "mild" form of futurism. His interpretation was then followed by Robert Bellarmine and Thomas Malvenda.
Thomas Brightman, in particular, writing in the early 17th century as an English Protestant, contested Ribera's views. He argued that the Catholic use of the Vulgate had withheld commentary from the "Book of Revelation", and then provided an interpretation avoiding the connection with the Papacy put forward in the historicist point of view.

</doc>
<doc id="18507763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507763" title="Hamamatsudaigakumae Station">
Hamamatsudaigakumae Station

Station history.
Hamamatsudaigakumae Station was established on March 13, 1988 as part of the expansion of services by the Tenryū Hamanako Line after the privatization of Japan National Railways in 1987. It is located to service Hamamatsu University which is within sight of the station.
Layout.
Hamamatsudaigakumae Station is an unmanned station with a single side platform.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Tenryū Hamanako Railroad
External links.
 

</doc>
<doc id="18507779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507779" title="Kanasashi Station">
Kanasashi Station

Station History.
Kanasashi Station was established on April 1, 1938 as the terminal station of the Japan National Railways Futamata Line. The line was further extended to Enshū-Mori Station by June 1, 1940. Scheduled freight services were discontinued from March 1985, marking the final end of all freight services on the line. After the privatization of JNR on March 15, 1987, the station came under the control of the Tenryū Hamanako Line.
Layout.
Kanasashi Station has a single island platform and a two-story station building. Until 1964, an adjacent island platform to the south of the station served a spur line of the Enshū Railway.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Tenryū Hamanako Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18507788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507788" title="Kigakōkōmae Station">
Kigakōkōmae Station

Station history.
Kigakōkōmae Station was established on March 15, 1987 as part of the expansion of services by the Tenryū Hamanako Line after the privatization of Japan National Railways in 1987. 
Layout.
Kigakōkōmae Station is an unmanned station with a single side platform and no station building.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Tenryū Hamanako Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18507791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507791" title="St. Peter's Episcopal Church (Seward, Alaska)">
St. Peter's Episcopal Church (Seward, Alaska)

St. Peter's Episcopal Church is an historic Episcopal church located at 239 Second Aveune at Adams Street in Seward, Alaska. The first Episcopal services in Seward were held in 1904 by a priest from Valdez. The church building was constructed between 1905 and 1906 and was consecrated on April 1, 1906 by the Rt. Rev. Peter Trimble Rowe, the first bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of Alaska. The interior of the church is noted for the 1925 reredos of Christ's Resurrection and Ascension which was done by Dutch artist Jan Van Emple.
On December 21, 1979, St. Peter's was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
St. Peter's is still an active Episcopal parish.

</doc>
<doc id="18507794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507794" title="Monocopter">
Monocopter

A monocopter or gyropter is a rotorcraft that uses a single rotating blade. The concept is similar to the whirling helicopter seeds that fall from some trees. The name gyropter is sometimes applied to monocopters in which the entire aircraft rotates about its center of mass as it flies. The name "monocopter" has also been applied to the personal jet pack constructed by Andreas Petzoldt.
History.
Papin-Rouilly "Gyroptère".
The "Gyroptère" was designed in 1913–1914 by Alphonse Papin and Didier Rouilly in France, inspired by a maple seed. Papin and Rouilly obtained French patents 440,593 and 440,594 for their invention, and later obtained US patent 1,133,660 in 1915. The Gyroptère was characterized in the contemporary French journal "La Nature" in 1914 as "un boomerang géant" (a giant boomerang).
Papin and Rouilly's "Gyroptère" weighed including the float on which it was mounted. It had a single hollow blade with an area of , counterweighted by a fan driven by an 80 hp Le Rhone rotary engine spinning at 1,200 rpm which produced an output of just over of air per second. The fan also propelled air through the hollow blade, from which it escaped through an L-shaped tube at a speed of . Directional control was to be achieved by means of a small auxiliary tube through which some of the air was driven, and which could be directed in whatever direction the pilot wished. The pilot's position was located at the centre of gravity between the blade and the fan.
Testing was delayed due to the outbreak of World War I and did not take place until 31 March 1915 on Lake Cercey on the Côte-d'Or. Due to the difficulty of balancing the craft a rotor speed of only 47 rpm was achieved instead of the 60 rpm which had been calculated as necessary for takeoff. In addition, the rotary engine used was not powerful enough; it had originally been planned to use a 100 hp car engine which proved unobtainable. Unfortunately, the aircraft became unstable and the pilot had to abandon it, after which it sank.
Bölkow Bo 103.
The Bölkow Bo 103 was an ultralight helicopter designed for reconnaissance and command-control purposes and constructed by Bölkow Entwicklungen KG in 1961 as part of a research order by the German Federal Ministry of Defense. It had a diameter monoblade rotor constructed of GRP in a single piece that incorporated its counterweight. A single prototype was built and work was stopped in 1962 due to lack of interest on the part of the West German armed forces.
VJ-1X.
The VJ-1X was an ultralight single blade helicopter powered by a rotor-mounted pulsejet. Windspire, Inc. include the plans for sale in their book "How to Build a Jet Helicopter".
UAVs.
Monocopters in which the entire aircraft rotates about its center of mass as it flies present advantages and challenges as unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) to the designer. As highly centripetal machines, they cannot be manned.
The first of these monocopters were constructed by Dr. Charles W. McCutchen and powered by reciprocating model airplane engines in 1952. He flew them at Lake Placid, and named them "Charybdis machines". Other early experimenters were William Foshag and Joe Carter.
These types of monocopters caught on in the model airplane world, particularly in Eastern Europe, where free flight record-setting models were constructed by George Horvath of Hungary, Sergei Vorabyev and V. Naidovsky of Russia, and Steffan Purice of Romania . An exception to the lack of US enthusiasm was Francis Boreham's "Buzzcopter" of 1964, and Ken Willard's "Rotoriser" of 1984. In 2002, Ron Jesme made the first successful electric propeller monocopter. Daedalus Research of Logan Utah also manufactured a monocopter kit, "Maple Seed," using a 0.049 model-airplane engine.
Gordon Mandell of the M.I.T. Model Rocket Society designed a model-rocket engine powered monocopter, which he named "turbocopter," and published the design concept in his column "Wayward Wind" in "Model Rocketry Magazine" in 1969. A later version of this was researched at MIT in 1980. This design prompted Korey Kline, an early member of the Tripoli Rocketry Association, to design his own rocket-powered monocopters which fly on long-burn model rocket engines. They were demonstrated at various rocket launch events in the 1980s to crowds that raved at their performance. A few were manufactured as kits by Ace Rocketry at that time. 
Korey Kline published very little about monocopters, rocket or otherwise, and so by the 1990s the monocopter had faded from view. Edward Miller of Pennsylvania began experimenting with them again in the late 1990s, as well as Francis Graham, a Kent State University, Ohio, physics professor. By 1999 both were flying rocket monocopters. Francis Graham wrote a book, "Monocopters", with some theory of their flight characteristics, in 1999, sold by Apogee Components of Colorado Springs. Ed Miller went on to build the largest high power rocket monocopters ever flown, with 8 foot large fiberglass-covered wooden wings, and also sells them. Chuck Rudy flew a large monocopter with a hybrid rocket engine, using solid and liquid fuel. 
Francis Graham continued to promote monocopters, and organized a small conference held in Washington, Pennsylvania, in 2001. He also presented a paper on the subject at the 2003 Century-of-Flight conference sponsored by the AIAA in Dayton.
Joseph Peklicz of Martin's Ferry scaled down the monocopter into a kit form using small model rocket engines, and sold many to individuals and schools. His kits are still available and are widely sold and are a good introduction to monocopters. In 2008, Art Applewhite of Kerrville, Texas began selling a popular line of rocket-powered monocopter kits as well.
Monocopters that rotate entirely had no practical purpose prior to 2003, but, in part due to Graham's book, that would change. Patent 7,104,862 was awarded in 2006 to Michael A. Dammar of Vera-Tech Aero RPV Corp. of Edina, Minnesota for a monocopter military reconnaissance device that was remotely controlled and took short exposures. Another remote-controlled monocopter, which could fly indoors on an electric motor, and which uses the Earth's magnetic field as a reference, was developed by Woody Hoburg and James Houghton at MIT in 2007–2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18507797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507797" title="Kiga Station">
Kiga Station

Station history.
Kiga Station was established on April 1, 1938 as a station of the Japan National Railways Futamata Line. Scheduled freight services were discontinued from June 1970. After the privatization of JNR on March 15, 1987, the station came under the control of the Tenryū Hamanako Line.
Layout.
Kiga Station has a single island platform, with only one of its two tracks in operation. The adjacent a single-story wooden station building, also contains a "ramen" noodle restaurant. 
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Tenryū Hamanako Railroad
 

</doc>
<doc id="18507811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507811" title="Nishi-Kiga Station">
Nishi-Kiga Station

Station history.
Nishi-Kiga Station was established on April 1, 1938 as a station of the Japan National Railways Futamata Line. Scheduled freight services were discontinued from June 1970. After the privatization of JNR on March 15, 1987, the station came under the control of the Tenryū Hamanako Line.
Layout.
Nishi-Kiga Station has opposing island platforms joined by a level crossing within the station. The adjacent wooden station building is unmanned, also contains a restaurant. 
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Tenryū Hamanako Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18507812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507812" title="Yehowists">
Yehowists

Yehowists (also Yehowist-Ilyinites, Ilyinists, Ilyintsy, Jehovists, Sect of the Right-hand Brotherhood, The Message of Zion, ) is a Russian millenarian religious movement founded by retired army officer and religious thinker Nikolai Ilyin in the 1840s.
Yehowists before the Revolution.
During Ilyin's life and due to sending bulk booklets both by Ilyin and by his followers groups of Ilyinites were founded in different parts of the Russian Empire. The center of the movement before the Revolution remained in Ural but individual groups were also formed in Transcaucasia, Northern Caucasus and Ukraine. Ilyinites were persecuted periodically, and quite often they were punished by exiling to Central Asia and other parts of the Russian Empire. In the 19th and 20th centuries, Russians were populating parts of Kazakhstan and northern Kyrgyzstan. There were Yehowists among settlers who discovered that new places provide more religious freedom than they had in Russian regions.
Yehowists during the Soviet period.
Ilyinites took the revolution of 1917 indifferently. Their teaching prohibits them to take action in military clashes and killing, however Ilyinites expected to get more religious freedom after the revolution. In 1939 a secret center of Ilyinites was discovered and closed by NKVD in Nizhny Tagil city in Ural. During the Soviet period Ilyinites had to hide their activity; some of them were persecuted, arrested; their religious literature was confiscated. Quite often young men refused to serve in the army, which resulted in criminal prosecution and in some cases in capital punishment. Nevertheless Yehowists kept on distributing Ilyin's booklets both printed secretly and hand-written or copied with a copying paper. Yehowists are not a registered organization believing that there is no need in getting registered with the authorities that belong to Satan. Religious publications about Yehowists made during the Soviet period are scarce and contain wrong data about Yehowists. They stated that Ilyinites ceased to exist as a religious movement and also tried to represent Yehowists as part or a branch of Jehovah's Witnesses, which is totally incorrect.
Yehowists today.
The Yehowist Movement (frequently referred to by its members as Brotherhood) continues to exist in parts of the former Soviet Union, particularly in Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Southern Russia, and Ukraine. Most Yehowists are ethnic Russians, although the percentage of non-Russian members is growing due to conversion. The period is characterized by new forms of distribution of religious literature; in particular Ilyinites actively use the Internet translating Ilyin's works to other languages. Yehowists run a multilingual website - http://svetoch.org offering both Russian originals intended for the public at large and also English, German, Hebrew, Greek, Polish and Kyrgyz translations. Invitations to visit the site are posted periodically on forums and other sites in the Russian segment of the Internet.
The Yehowist population is small and there are no accurate estimates to the number of Yehowists because it is a closed religious organization. Ilyinites never provide any information about their population and also about internal life and activity of their communities. Their population is believed to grow due to proselytism.
Yehowist theology.
Ilyin's teaching in today's representation is a quite sophisticated and philosophical concept, which focuses on such aspects as 1000 year kingdom, physical immortality of man, upcoming battle between Yehowah and Satan in Armageddon. Despite the fact that Ilying was a proponent of polytheism he focused on two Gods only: Yehowah and Satan. According to Ilyin there are two ManGods of equal strength in our Solar system - Yehowah and Satan. There are other Gods outside the Earth and the Solar system but they are not empowered to deal with earthly people and people must not worship them. Speaking about Yehowah Ilying said: "...THE ONLY GOD over people, and HE is the only ONE, who has keys to death and graves... and HE is the only ONE, whom we should worship and pray about everything..." Gods like people exist in human form. Yehowism totally denies existence of a soul, paradise and hell in their modern interpretation. For this reason Yehowah is often called a mangod in Ilyin's works. According to Ilyin: "Yehowah is a man and even a Hebrew but the EVERLASTING ONE..." Yehowah is God of the immortals while Satan is God of the mortals or satanists meaning followers of the traditional Christian denominations and Talmudic Judaism. Ilyin wrote: "my GOD walks on Earth, and visits HIS friends, and has supper with them, like HE visited Abraham and had supper with him under the oak tree, …visited Melchizedek, Job, Adam and Eve, Cain and Abel, Balaam and Mohammad." Some famous religious people of the past, according to Ilyin, were representatives of Yehowism in their time, for example John Huss, Quaker George Fox, a German mystic Jakob Böhme, Socrates, Pythagoras, Medichi, Elisabeth Kridner, Muhammad, Confucius and many others. Yehowah, according to Ilyin, is Jesus. Jesus Christ was a temporary incarnation of Yehowah on Earth. So it was Hebrew God Yehowah himself, who was crucified and died on the cross. Yehowists totally deny trinity taking it as Satan's fiction.
Yehowah and Satan lead an ongoing fight with each other. Yehowists fight for Yehowah by distributing Ilyin's works and following moral and ritual norms of Yehowism. In reward they will get eternal life in physical form. A decisive battle will soon take place between the two Gods, which Ilyin calls Armageddon. Yehowah will win and build 1000 year Jerusalem Republic. This will be a period of abundance for people. After 1000 years Satan will break free and the last battle with Yehowah will take place, in which Satan and his followers will be exterminated utterly. Then Yehowah will renew the Earth drastically and will keep on improving it periodically.
Ilyin never set any particular dates for Armageddon foretelling rather forthcoming apocalyptic events than their dates: "will force all people to bow to its vicious power and for cannon fodder causing a lot of suffering and bloodshed; especially it will kill brutally lot of people in the Turkish empire, Balkan Peninsula, Jerusalem and in the Caucasus," or in another booklet he says: "first, before the tribulation YEHOWAH will bring down cannon fire on Germany."
The goal of every person on this planet, according to Ilyin, is to achieve physical immortality through self-perfection, observing Yehowah's Law and his last-days commands given through Ilyin.
Yehowists' revered books.
Yehowists believe that text of the Christian (and Jewish) Bible was distorted by Satan. Although they agree that the bible contains some truths but its text is so much distorted that Yehowists don't use it at all believing that the reader will not be able to tell the truth from later Satan's distortions and additions. Although Ilyin's works contain numerous references to the Bible but members of Yehowist society are not allowed to read it including Holy Scriptures of other religions. Instead Yehowists take Book of Revelation of Saint John edited by Ilyin and alternatively called by Yehowists the Book from Heaven as the holiest book. This book is considered secret and available to members of the Yehowist society only. Apart from the Book from Heaven Ilyin's works are also regarded as holy writings. They are divided into several types depending on creation period and purpose. Some books written by Ilyin are considered to be out of date intended mainly for members of the organization. Works written during the initial period are known to be materials for distribution, which are distributed with the aim of propagation of Ilyin's teaching. All works by Ilyin are reproduced by Yehowists both in printed and handwritten forms with the old Russian spelling kept in order to avoid distortions when reproducing them. Below you can find a list of booklets translated into English:
Handing out booklets is the only allowed method of propagation of the teaching while verbal preaching is prohibited. Nikolai Ilyin prohibited his followers to preach verbally based on the prophecy in Is. 41-25 "...he will do it the way that no one will hear him preaching a sermon nor breaking a bruised reed in the street"; in addition, preaching may easily lead to debate with members of other religions. Preaching is also believed to have a possibility of distortions of the message. Booklets are handed out to all people who are willing to take them.
Worship and traditions of Yehowists.
Worship of Yehowists take place during closed meetings and only members of the society can take part in them. The meetings are likely to include prayers, singing, reading Holy Scriptures and burning the incense. Yehowists use a book of hymns written by Ilyin for singing both at worship meetings and at also at informal meetings.
Worship meetings of Yehowists takes place on Saturdays starting from Friday night because Saturday is a day of rest like in Judaism. Unlike Judaism observing the Saturday is not so strict. Saturday is the only religious festivity of Yehowists. Celebration of Christmas, Easter and other traditional Christian religious celebrations is not allowed. Although Yehowists use common and personal celebrations like New Year and birthday for informal meetings.
Yehowists strictly follow a food diet, which in general is similar to the Jewish one. In particular eating pork, hare and other seafood is strictly forbidden.
Yehowists don't serve in the army and don't take part in military actions. As a whole the moral rules they preach are universal. They condemn hatred, unjustness, lie, slander, theft, alcohol, smoking and other vices.
Attitude to education.
Yehowists value secular education. Ilyin repeatedly emphasized that his message, first of all, is intended for educated people. In reality the majority of Ilyinites don't hold academic degrees, which is caused mainly by persecution by the authorities and limited capabilities for getting education, especially in rural areas. There are no any restrictions for getting education including higher one excluding theological, legal, military and theatrical ones regarded by Ilyin as Satan's sciences.
Attitude to other religions.
Yehowism claims to be the only true religion of God Yehowah. Consequently other religions are considered to be false or deluded. Participation in worship and even visiting religious buildings of other religions is prohibited. Although Ilyin praised some religious leaders and followers of the past such as Quakers, Novgorod strigolniks and others. As a whole Ilyin criticized other religions in his writings, especially traditional Christian denominations and Talmudic Judaism.
Criticism of Yehowism.
Quite often Yehowists are criticized for expressing hatred and being intolerant of other religions. Indeed a lot of sayings by Ilyin contain keen criticism towards them and are not ethically acceptable. However, despite severe criticism of other religions and ideologies Yehowism is friendly to people practicing them. Ilyin repeatedly called on his followers to get along with all people regardless of their beliefs and perception. Ilyin's style is characterized by a certain degree of rudeness and straightforwardness. This might easily astonish and even shock readers, who have never read similar ideas. Disrespect to the Bible, Christian sacred objects, mysteries, Talmud, etc. shown by Ilyin in his writings also might drive away and insult members of traditional religions.

</doc>
<doc id="18507820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507820" title="HxD">
HxD

HxD is a hex editor, disk editor, and memory editor developed by Maël Hörz for Windows. It can open files larger than 4 GiB and open and edit the raw contents of disk drives, as well as display and edit the memory used by running processes. Among other features, it can calculate various checksums, compare files, or shred files.
HxD is distributed as freeware and is available in multiple languages of which the English version is the first in the category of coding utilities on Download.com. The c't magazine has featured HxD in several issues and online-specials.

</doc>
<doc id="18507821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507821" title="USS Chinquapin (AN-17)">
USS Chinquapin (AN-17)

USS "Chinquapin" (YN-12/AN-17) was an built for the United States Navy during World War II. Originally ordered as USS "Fir" (YN-2), she was renamed and renumbered to "Chinquapin" (YN-12) in October 1940 before construction began. She was launched in July 1941, and completed in October 1941. Placed in service at that time without being commissioned, she was commissioned in January 1943, and decommissioned in March 1946. She was placed in reserve at that time and scrapped in 1976.
Career.
"Chinquapin" (YN-12) was initially authorized as "Fir" (YN-2), but renamed in October 1940 before construction began. She was built by the General Engineering & Dry Dock Company of Alameda, California, and launched on 15 July 1941; sponsored by Mrs. J. Lane; and placed in service 29 October 1941. She was commissioned 6 January 1943, Lieutenant R. D. Abernathy, USNR, in command. Assigned to the 12th Naval District headquartered at the Mare Island in Vallejo, California, "Chinquapin" conducted net, salvage, and towing operations out of the Tiburon, California, Net Depot until 31 December 1943 when she sailed for Pearl Harbor, arriving 10 January 1944. On 20 January she was redesignated "AN-17".
"Chinquapin" tended nets and laid moorings at Majuro, Kwajalein, and Eniwetok from 15 February 1944 to 27 July, then supported the Marianas occupation by similar operations at Saipan and Guam until 28 October. Returning via Pearl Harbor to San Francisco, California, as a convoy escort, "Chinquapin" was overhauled, and on 3 February 1945 sailed via Pearl Harbor and Ulithi for Okinawa, arriving 1 May for net, mooring and transport operations there until 30 October.
"Chinquapin" returned to Astoria, Oregon, on 11 December and was placed out of commission in reserve 6 March 1946. She was struck from the Naval Vessel Register on 1 September 1962 and placed in the National Defense Reserve Fleet. She was sold for scrapping in 1976.
"Chinquapin" received three battle stars for World War II service.

</doc>
<doc id="18507826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507826" title="Sunza Station">
Sunza Station

Station history.
Sunza Station was established on May 6, 1955 as a station of the Japan National Railways Futamata Line. After the privatization of JNR on March 15, 1987, the station came under the control of the Tenryū Hamanako Line.
Layout.
Sunza Station is an unmanned station with single side platform and no station building. A small rain shelter for passengers is located directly on the platform, and faces towards nearby Lake Hamana.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Tenryū Hamanako Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18507835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507835" title="Henry Miller House">
Henry Miller House

Henry Miller House may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18507839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507839" title="Hamanako-Sakume Station">
Hamanako-Sakume Station

Station history.
Hamanako-Sakume Station was established on April 1, 1938 as a station of the Japan National Railways Futamata Line with the completion of the Kanasashi-Mikkabi extension. Freight services were discontinued from 1962, and small parcel services from 1970, after which time the station was no longer manned. After the privatization of JNR on March 15, 1987, the station came under the control of the Tenryū Hamanako Line.
Layout.
Hamanako-Sakume Station is an unmanned station with single side platform. The station building doubles as a local cafe. The station is located directly on the shores of Lake Hamana. 
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Tenryū Hamanako Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18507851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507851" title="Higashi-Tsuzuki Station">
Higashi-Tsuzuki Station

Station history.
Higashi-Tsuzuki Station was established on July 8, 1953 as a station of the Japan National Railways Futamata Line. After the privatization of JNR on March 15, 1987, the station came under the control of the Tenryū Hamanako Line.
Layout.
Higashi-Tsuzuki Station is an unmanned station with single side platform, with a small weather shelter built adjacent to the platform.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Tenryū Hamanako Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18507866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507866" title="Tsuzuki Station">
Tsuzuki Station

Station history.
Tsuzuki Station was established on April 1, 1938 as a station of the Japan National Railways Futamata Line with the completion of the Kanasashi-Mikkabi extension. Freight services were discontinued from 1962, and small parcel services from 1970, after which time the station was no longer manned. After the privatization of JNR on March 15, 1987, the station came under the control of the Tenryū Hamanako Line.
Layout.
Tsuzuki Station is an unmanned station with single side platform and a single-story station building which also serves as the local bakery.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Tenryū Hamanako Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18507879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507879" title="Massachusetts Wing Civil Air Patrol">
Massachusetts Wing Civil Air Patrol

The Massachusetts Wing Civil Air Patrol (abbreviated MAWG) commonly referred to as "Mass Wing" is the highest echelon of the Civil Air Patrol in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. Its headquarters is located at Hanscom Air Force Base in Bedford, Massachusetts. MA Wing reports to Northeast Region CAP, which reports to CAP National Headquarters.
Emergency services.
Training for all Emergency Services functions is based on the Incident Command System. The most basic qualifications require certification in the ICS-100 course available online.
Members of the wing assisted in the search for John F. Kennedy, Jr.'s plane crash site. More recently, a few Massachusetts Wing members aided with Incident Command at the Gulf Oil Spill Disaster.
Aerospace Education.
Aerospace Education includes Orientation Flights for Cadets under 18 and a display competition which is judged at the annual Conference.
Cadet Program.
The Cadet Program culminates each summer in an encampment. In recent years, encampments have been held at Fort Devens in Ayer, Massachusetts. Previously they were held at Camp Edwards at the Massachusetts Military Reservation on Cape Cod.
Massachusetts Wing has credit for 17 Spaatz-earning Cadets
Squadrons.
At one time, Massachusetts Wing oversaw approximately 25 primary subordinate squadrons under 4 groups located throughout the state, however the groups were eliminated when the number of squadrons dwindled below the 20 required to justify their existence. To date, there are currently 15 Active Squadrons in the Massachusetts Wing.

</doc>
<doc id="18507883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507883" title="Mikkabi Station">
Mikkabi Station

Station History.
Mikkabi Station was established on May 6, 1936 as the terminal station of the Japan National Railways Futamata-nishi Line, with the other terminal at Shinjohara Station. By April 1, 1938, the line was extended onwards to Kanasashi Station. Freight services were discontinued in 1970. After the privatization of JNR on March 15, 1987, the station came under the control of the Tenryū Hamanako Line.
Layout.
Mikkabi Station has a side platform and an island platform serving three tracks, with a wooden one-story station building. 
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Tenryū Hamanako Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18507892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507892" title="Okuhamanako Station">
Okuhamanako Station

Station history.
Okuhamanako Station was established on March 13, 1988 as part of the expansion of services on the Tenryū Hamanako Line after the privatization of JNR in 1987.
Layout.
Okuhamanako Station is an unmanned station with a single side platform. 
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Tenryū Hamanako Railroad
 

</doc>
<doc id="18507898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507898" title="Ona Station">
Ona Station

Station history.
Ona Station was established on December 1, 1936 as a station of the Japan National Railways Futamata-Nishi Line. Freight services were discontinued from 1962, and small parcel services from 1970, after which time the station was no longer manned. After the privatization of JNR on March 15, 1987, the station came under the control of the Tenryū Hamanako Line.
Layout.
Ona Station is an unmanned station with single side platform and a two-story station building.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Tenryū Hamanako Railroad
External links.
 

</doc>
<doc id="18507902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507902" title="Sendin' All My Love">
Sendin' All My Love

"Sendin' All My Love" is a song by the American dance-pop sibling group The Jets. It was written by Stephen Bray (who is perhaps best known for his frequent collaborations with Madonna during the 1980s) and Linda Mallah.
Released as a single from The Jets' multi-platinum album "Magic", the song was not nearly as successful as some other recordings by the group on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart, where it stalled at number 88. Similarly, the song only reached number 72 on the R&B chart; however, "Sendin' All My Love" became The Jets' first (and, to date, only) number 1 song on the dance chart. The song spent one week at number 1 on the chart in October 1988.
Remixes.
The 12" single featured the following remixes:

</doc>
<doc id="18507906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507906" title="World Youth Day 2011">
World Youth Day 2011

World Youth Day 2011 was the 2011 occurrence of World Youth Day, a Catholic event held from August 16–21, 2011 in Madrid, Spain focused on youth. Media estimated the event's attendance as over a million or 1.5 million.
Pope Benedict XVI revealed the location of the event at the final Mass in Australia at Sydney's Royal Randwick Racecourse during World Youth Day 2008.
It was the second time that Spain hosted the event. World Youth Day 1989 was held from August 15–20 1989 at Santiago de Compostela. 
Spanish bishops, including Madrid's Metropolitan Archbishop, Cardinal Antonio Maria Rouco Varela, and the coordinator of the World Youth Day 2011, Madrid Auxiliary Bishop César Franco Martínez, urged Pope Benedict XVI to name patrons for the event. Saint Rafael Arnáiz Barón, Saint Francis Xavier, Saint Isidore the Laborer, Saint Maria Torribia, Saint Teresa of Avila, Saint Ignatius of Loyola, Saint John of Avila, Saint Rose of Lima, Saint John of the Cross, and Pope John Paul II were all designated as co-patrons of World Youth Day 2011.
This was Pope Benedict XVI's last World Youth day.
Economics.
The event is self-financed by contributions from pilgrims (70%) along with companies and individuals (30%). The state's estimated cost for security and infrastructure is €50 million, while officials estimated that the event would generate as much as €150 million in tourist revenue. Three months after the World Youth Day, the accountancy firm PriceWaterhouseCoopers released a report estimating that the economic impact of this event was about 354 million Euros in Spain. 
Theme.
The theme for 2011′s World Youth Day is “Rooted and Built Up in Jesus Christ, Firm in the Faith” (cf Col 2:7).
Official Song.
The official song for World Youth Day 2011 in Madrid was "Firmes en la fe" ("Firm in the faith") The song, was composed by Father Enrique Castro, with lyrics by Auxiliary Bishop Cesar Franco of Madrid.The seven verses of the hymn refer to Christ’s closeness to young people through his humanity. It was composed based on the WYD 2011 theme, “Planted and built up in Jesus Christ, firm in the faith,” taken from St. Paul’s letter to the Colossians.
Organization.
The Cuatro Vientos Airport provided the location for vigil and final mass.
Schedule of Events.
The number of people attending exceeded expectations, which means more land had to be found round the edges to accommodate the people. An estimated 1,000,000 were in the aerodrome at seven o'clock in the evening, which made this the largest Catholic event ever staged in Spain. Many pilgrims walked from the centre of Madrid (12.6 km), although extra public transport was put on.
The Pope arrived and a cross was carried in procession to the altar. Several young people were picked to ask questions to the Pope, but a sudden thunderstorm and high winds, meant that the Pope's address had to be communicated to the crowd in written form.
The Pope resumed the adoration of the Eucharist, after the rain, although with a shortened programme. A mass with distribution of the Eucharist to many in the crowd had to be reduced in dimension. 
Many stayed during the night, and the Sunday morning mass took on a larger dimension to make up for the day before.
Protests.
On August 17 a demonstration against public funding of the World Youth Day and for a Spanish secular state took place in Madrid. The protesters were confronted by riot police with truncheons. Eight people were arrested and eleven were injured.
Protests centred on the Pope and the number of protestors never reached beyond a few thousand. No WYD events were interrupted by their demonstrations. There were a few scuffles between pilgrims and the protestors.
Next event.
On 21 August 2011, at the closing Mass, the Pope revealed that the next event will be held in 2013 in Rio De Janeiro, Brazil. The location was leaked a few months before this however. World Youth Day 2013 will be held in that year, in place of 3 years 2014, due to Brazil's hosting of the 2014 FIFA World Cup and 2016 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18507913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507913" title="Chibata Station">
Chibata Station

Station History.
Chibata Station was established on December 1, 1936 as a station of the Japan National Railways Futamata-nishi Line. Freight services were discontinued from 1962, and small parcel services from 1970, after which time the station was no longer manned. After the privatization of JNR on March 15, 1987, the station came under the control of the Tenryū Hamanako Line.
Layout.
Chibata Station is an unmanned station with opposing side platforms serving two tracks. The two-story station building also serves as the local dental clinic.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Tenryū Hamanako Railroad
External links.
 

</doc>
<doc id="18507920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507920" title="Asumomae Station">
Asumomae Station

Station history.
Asumomae Station was established on March 15, 1988 as part of the expansion of services on the Tenryū Hamanako Line after the privatization of JNR in 1987.
Layout.
Asumomae Station is an unmanned station with a single side platform.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Tenryū Hamanako Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18507961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507961" title="PIRAZ">
PIRAZ

PIRAZ is a United States Navy acronym for Positive Identification RADAR Advisory Zone. The zone is defined by the air search RADAR coverage of a ship patrolling a designated PIRAZ station. The PIRAZ ship requires a Naval Tactical Data System radio-linked computer installation to effectively identify and track all aircraft anticipated to utilize zone airspace during combat.
History.
The concept originated in the summer of 1966 as Yankee station was established for United States Task Force 77 aircraft carriers launching strikes against North Vietnam. A fixed patrol station within range of land-based aircraft made the stationed aircraft carriers vulnerable to attack. A PIRAZ station was established in the westernmost portion of the Gulf of Tonkin where air search RADAR coverage might extend over North Vietnam and the air-strike routes from Yankee station. This PIRAZ station radio call sign was "Red Crown." The first PIRAZ ships were , , , and . "Belknap" class frigates began rotating into PIRAZ station assignments in 1967; and , assisted in the Son Tay Raid on 21 November 1970.
PIRAZ ships carried long-range RIM-2 Terrier or RIM-8 Talos surface-to-air missiles to defend their stations. "Chicago" fired RIM-8H Talos-ARM anti-radar homing missiles against North Vietnamese shore-based radar stations. Each PIRAZ ship was accompanied on station by a "shotgun" torpedo boat destroyer with quick-firing guns to defend the PIRAZ ships from torpedo boat attack. PIRAZ ships provided protective RADAR surveillance of the remotely piloted vehicles performing aerial photo reconnaissance of North Vietnam.
As the Gulf of Tonkin PIRAZ station routine developed, a PIRAZ ship would typically remain on station for approximately 30 days before being relieved by another ship. During the 30-day relief period, the ship would usually travel to a liberty port in Hong Kong or Japan and then to the U. S. Naval Base Subic Bay for minor repairs and missile firing exercises before returning to the PIRAZ station. The ship would typically return to a United States home port for approximately six months after three PIRAZ station assignments with two intervening relief periods.
Combat Information Center.
The PIRAZ ship Combat Information Center (or CIC) was continuously manned by 35 to 40 officers and men watching RADAR displays, updating position and identification information for NTDS computers, and maintaining radio communication with aircraft and other ships. Some CIC personnel acted as air traffic controllers providing either advisory control or close control. Close (or positive) control occurred when the controller provided specific altitudes, courses, and speeds to the pilot. Personnel providing positive control are called Air Intercept Controllers (AIC). Advisory control simply offered advice concerning proximity to operating area boundaries, nearby air traffic, or known Surface-to-air missile (SAM) or Anti-Aircraft Artillery (AAA) sites.
"Chicago"'s CIC included a secret signals intelligence (Sigint) team using modern electronics to evaluate very weak electromagnetic radiations from North Vietnamese aircraft or SAM sites. The team could transfer real time Sigint information to PIRAZ air controllers. "Chicago" AICs monitored up to 50 North Vietnamese MiGs simultaneously. On the Tonkin Gulf PIRAZ station, successful AICs concentrated on providing threat information, collecting and sorting tactical information as it developed, and informing the Combat Air Patrols (or CAP) about the threat location and activities while letting aircrews deal with bearing drift and controlling their headings.
Combat Air Patrol.
Ships on PIRAZ station mounted the air search RADAR closest to enemy airfields and were best positioned to offer RADAR information to Navy, Air Force, and Marine Corps fighters. Combat Air Patrols (CAP) were typically under advisory control, and would come under positive control when being vectored to hostile aircraft detected by the PIRAZ ship. PIRAZ shipboard air controllers would also provide positive control for aircraft requiring in-flight refueling. Gulf of Tonkin barrier CAP (BARCAP) routinely refueled; and CAP involved in an engagement usually returned with a low fuel state requiring emergency refueling. Three "Chicago" AICs assisted 52 declared emergency refueling situations for Air Force aircraft in a single day. Preferred procedure turns the tanker aircraft in front of the low fuel state aircraft to minimize search and maneuvering fuel consumption while allowing the fighter to continue away from hostile territory. In some cases, damaged aircraft with leaking fuel tanks can be saved by continuous refueling from rendezvous to landing.
Chief Operations Specialist Larry Nowell, controlled more than 1500 intercepts aboard "Mahan" and "Chicago", and became one of the best known PIRAZ air controllers of the Vietnam War. Chief Nowell provided air control information for more than 100 live engagements with enemy aircraft including 25 percent of intercepts leading to destruction of North Vietnamese fighters in 1972. In August 1972, Chief Nowell became the second enlisted man in Navy history to be awarded the Distinguished Service Medal.
Search and Rescue.
One PIRAZ shipboard air controller was designated as "flight follower" for each Navy or Air Force formation of strike aircraft to track the strike's progress and offer information required to complete the mission. Flight followers worked with as many as 24 aircraft on a single frequency. PIRAZ ships had the most recent position information for downed aircraft, and were often the closest surface force to a crash site. All PIRAZ ships were equipped with landing platforms for SH-3 Sea King "Big Mother" or SH-2 Seasprite "Clementine" armored helicopters for Search and Rescue (SAR) work. The weapons arrangement of Belknap class frigates was more favorable for helicopter operation, because helicopters on the fantail landing platform would be damaged during missile firing from the stern launcher of "Leahy" and "Coontz" class frigates. PIRAZ shipboard air controllers could provide positive control for SAR aircraft; and PIRAZ ships could provide on-deck refueling service for Navy and Air Force helicopters.

</doc>
<doc id="18507967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507967" title="Bridget Sloan">
Bridget Sloan

Bridget Elizabeth Sloan (born June 23, 1992) is an American gymnast. She is the 2009 All-Around World Champion and the 2009 All-Around U.S. National Champion. Sloan was a member of the silver medal U.S. women's gymnastics team at the 2008 Summer Olympics. As of 2013, Sloan is a member of the NCAA University of Florida team, in addition to being the NCAA All-Around and Beam Champion.
Early life and career.
Bridget Sloan was born on June 23, 1992, in Cincinnati, Ohio. She began gymnastics in 1996 when she was 4. She currently lives in Pittsboro, Indiana, and graduated from Tri-West Hendricks High School. She trains at Sharp's Gymnastics Academy in Indianapolis, Indiana alongside 2008 Olympic Team Member Samantha Peszek.
2007.
In her first year as a senior, 2007, Sloan placed 5th all-around and 3rd on Bars at the U.S. National Championships. She served as the alternate on the American team for the 2007 World Championships. Sloan also represented the United States at the Good Luck Beijing Olympic test event in December 2007, where she won the bronze medal in the all-around and a silver on floor exercise.
2008.
In March 2008, Sloan suffered a torn meniscus while warming up at a meet in Italy. She was forced to sit out the competition and returned home for surgery and rehabilitation, but recovered in time to compete at the 2008 U.S. National Championships, where she competed only on beam, bars and floor; and the U.S. Olympic Trials. Sloan was named to the U.S. team after the final selection camp in Houston in July 2008.
At the 2008 Olympics, Sloan competed in both the qualifying and team final rounds of competition. Her contributions to the team became critical in the qualifying round, where the Americans were forced to put up only four athletes on three events, and count all four scores, due to injuries to Chellsie Memmel and Samantha Peszek. Sloan made small errors on floor and uneven bars but performed well under pressure.
Her all-around scores placed her 11th overall among all competitors. In the team finals, Sloan competed on vault, contributing a 15.200 score to the American team's silver medal win.
2009.
In February 2009, Sloan competed in the Tyson American Cup and placed second to 13-year-old Jordyn Wieber. In August, Sloan competed in the US Nationals and had a shaky preliminary competition. However, her consistency in the finals won her the gold medal in the All-Around, Floor and Uneven Bars.
In October at the 2009 London World Championships, after a shaky preliminary round, Sloan qualified 5th for the all-around and 7th for the uneven bars final. In the all-around final, she won the gold medal over teammate Rebecca Bross by 0.050. Sloan earned her place in gymnastics history as the fifth American woman to win the World all-around title. In the bars final, she placed 6th.
2010.
Injuries plagued Sloan throughout the year, greatly limiting her in competitions. An ankle injury early in the year limited her participation in the Pacific Rim Championships to bars. The same injury kept Sloan to the beam at the CoverGirl Classic. A new pectoral injury prevented her from defending her National all-around title. At Nationals she performed two tentative beam routines, one that included a fall, and placed 11th on the apparatus. However, Sloan impressed National Team Coordinator Márta Károlyi with her improvement at the selection camp, and was brought to the World Championships to perform on bars and floor, placing fourth in the bars final.
2011.
Sloan sat out the majority of the competitive season while recovering from surgery on her bicep. She stated that it was unlikely she would take part in the 2011 National or World Championships in an effort to stay healthy for the 2012 season, her ultimate goal being the 2012 Olympics.
Although Sloan did not compete in the 2011 National Championships, she later headed to the Karolyi Ranch in New Waverly, Texas, to participate in both selection camps for the 2011 World Championships team. She was subsequently named to the team for the 2011 Pan American Games. She competed only on the uneven bars and floor exercise in Guadalajara, and scored in the thirteens on both apparatus. She failed to qualify for either of the event finals, even though on uneven bars it was due to the "two per country" rule (Bridgette Caquatto and Shawn Johnson both scored higher than her).
2012.
As a result of Sloan's injuries and her participation for the USA team at the Pan American Games the previous year, she was able to successfully petition a spot at the U.S. National Championships. She had intended to compete at Classics, but decided not to out of respect for her coach, who would have been unable to attend the Classic as he was attending his father's funeral. At the championships, she performed in all four events for the first time since 2009, coming 6th on the Uneven Bars and 10th in the All-Around. She was chosen to compete at the Olympic Trials. During the first night of the Olympic Trials, she injured her elbow during bars warmup and was forced to withdraw due to the injury, subsequently ending both her chances at the London Olympic Games and her national team career.
College.
Sloan currently attends the University of Florida, signing her national letter-of-intent with the Gator Gymnastics team. Sloan deferred enrollment at the university until the 2012 fall semester, which allowed her to seek a second consecutive spot on the U.S. Olympic team for the 2012 Summer Olympics. Due to injury, Sloan was forced to withdraw from the 2012 Olympic Trials, and rejoined 2010 World Championship teammate Mackenzie Caquatto on the Florida team.
In 2013, at her first NCAA Championship with the Florida team, Sloan captured the All-Around title with a score of 39.600. She then led her team to their first NCAA Championship title, scoring 39.75 all-around. In event finals, Bridget also won the beam title. Bridget is an 8 time All-American, (First Team in All- Around, Bars, Beam and Floor at NCAA Championship competition and First Team for All Around, Bars and Beam and Second Team in Vault in the first National Association of Collegiate Gymnastics Coaches (NACGC) All-America regular-season awards) On 29 April Sloan was named as the 2013 recipient of the Honda Award (only the 4th Freshman in the Awards 37 year history and the 2nd consecutive Florida Freshman to win the award)
Olympic Routines.
As of 2008, Sloan performed the following skills on each apparatus (from 2005-2008 CoP):
Vault.
5.8 Difficulty Start Value for the Vault..
Double Twisting Yurchenko (round-off, backhandspring entry, double twisting layout.
Uneven Bars.
6.7 Difficulty Start Value for the Routine..
Glide KCH + Toe-on with 1/2 turn (C) + Endo 1/2 (C) + Toe-on shoot to high bar (B); KCH 1/2 + giant + Stalder 1/1 (D) + Straddled Tkatchev (D); KCH + Piked Stalder (D) + Toe-on to Counter Straddle Reverse Hecht (Ray) (E); KCH + Toe-on to handstand (C) + Overshoot to handstand (D) + Stalder shoot to high bar (Ray) (C); KCH + giant + giant + 1/1 Double Layout Dismount (E).
Balance Beam.
6.5 Difficulty Start Value for the Routine..
Press to handstand to clear pike support mount (C); Front Aerial Walkover (D) + Aerial Cartwheel (D); Full turn with leg at horizontal (C); Front Tuck (D); BHS step-out (B) + Layout step-out (C); Switch Split Leap (C) + Back Tuck (C) + Sheep Jump (D); Free Walkover to Arabesque (D); Split Jump (A) + Wolf Jump (A); Round-off (B) + Double Pike Dismount (E).
Floor Exercise.
6.3 Difficulty Start Value for the Routine..
Round-off + Back Layout 3/2 (C) out to Round-off + Flip Flop two-feet + Back Layout 3/1 (E); Round-off + Flip Flop two-feet + Piked Full-In (E); Switch Split Ring Leap (C) + Split Leap 1/1 (C); Front Handspring + Front Layout 2/1 (Tarasevich) (D); Triple Spin with leg below horizontal (C); Round-off + Back Layout 2/1 (C); Straddle Jump 1/1 (Popa) (C); Round-off + Flip Flop two-feet + Double Pike (D).
Floor music.
2008: Araba (Instrumental Version) by Mustafa Sandal

</doc>
<doc id="18507998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507998" title="Henry Archer Ekers">
Henry Archer Ekers

Henry Archer Ekers (18 September 1855 – 31 January 1937) was a Canadian industrialist and politician, the Mayor of Montreal, Quebec between 1906 and 1908. He ran unsuccessfully for the Canadian House of Commons as a Conservative in 1900 and 1908.
Biography.
Ekers' parents were both born in England. Relocated to Montreal, his father became a brewery owner, working from St. Lawrence Boulevard.
He was educated at the Montreal Collegiate School before joining his father's company, Ekers Brewery. Ekers eventually founded National Breweries Limited.
Political career.
Ekers represented the St. Lawrence ward on Montreal city council.

</doc>
<doc id="18508071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508071" title="Billy Little">
Billy Little

Billy Little (born Dumfries), is a Scottish ex professional association footballer and manager best known for his time at Aberdeen.
Playing career.
Little joined Aberdeen in 1957 and made over 300 appearances for Aberdeen scoring 98 goals over 12 years. While at Aberdeen Little was a Scottish League and under 23 internationalist. Little moved to Australia in 1969. He returned to Scotland a year later signing for Inverness Caley. He then had spells with Falkirk, Stirling Albion, East Stirlingshire and Alloa Athletic.
Management.
Little managed Falkirk and hometown club Queen of the South. It was he who as manager of Queens signed Jimmy Robertson for the Palmerston Park club.

</doc>
<doc id="18508078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508078" title="Higashi-Ōgaki Station">
Higashi-Ōgaki Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Tarumi Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18508081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508081" title="Forsyth Central High School">
Forsyth Central High School

Forsyth Central High School is a public high school located in Cumming, Georgia northeast of Atlanta, Georgia. Built in 1956, the school currently stands at 520 Tribble Gap Road, Cumming, Georgia 30040. It was known as Forsyth County High School until 1989 when South Forsyth High School opened its doors. It is 1 of 5 high schools in the Forsyth County School District.
Student data.
Forsyth Central High School has an approximate enrollment of 2,020 (as of Spring 2008). The student body is that of mainly those of Caucasian , and Hispanic origin, with African-American students the third most prominent, and Asian students the fourth. Students are mainly drawn from Liberty and Otwell middle schools.
Flash of Crimson.
The Flash of Crimson Marching Band is based in Forsyth Central HS and led by Tom Tucker. The Flash of Crimson has won Class Champion (AA0 3 years in a row (2008,2009,2010) and 8th place finalists at Bands of America Super Regional in Atlanta, Georgia in 2009. They also traveled to Indianapolis, Indiana to compete in BOA Grand Nationals. They won 29th place out of 94 bands. The Flash of Crimson is considered one of the greatest bands in the southeast and band director John Mashburn is one of the nations elite directors. 
The School is also known for their World Class Indoor Drumline. They attended WGI World Championships in Dayton, Ohio in 2012 and placed as the 8th place high school in the entire world. Some of their previous accomplishments were 11th place in 2010 and 9th in 2009. Their 2012 season has been the most successful year in the school's history.
Athletics.
Major League Baseball right-handed pitcher for the Cincinnati Reds, Micah Owings played baseball at Forsyth Central.
Forsyth Central currently competes in Region 6-AAAA. The school has played in the region since 2002, with the exception of the period between fall 2006-spring 2008, when Central was part of Region 7-AAAAA.
The Bulldog football team recently finished with a 2-8-0 record.
The Bulldog basketball team recently finished with a best in the county 15-11-0 record.
The Bulldog baseball team recently finished with a best in the county 22-9-1 record. The baseball team also ended the season ranked 8th in the state.
Theater Department.
Forsyth Central's Theatre Department has been under the direction of Adam Pingel since 2011. Pringel will be replaced at the end of the 2013-2014 school year. He has decided to pursue a career in motivational speaking...The Great Yatesy Harvey retired from her long term position as Director/Theatre teacher/God in 2011. Under the direction of Yatesy Harvey (aka The Golden Days), the Theatre Department flourished and won 18 Regional One Act Competitions (91, 92, 94, 95, 96, 97, 98, 99, 00, 01, 02, 04, 05, 06, 08, 09, 10, 12) and 8 State Competitions (94, 95, 96, 97, 00, 02, 04, 05). The elite performance group from the FCHS Theatre Department is known as the Masquers (formerly Maskers, or Portable Players). Most notable alumni is, Kelli Giddish who plays a main character on Law and Order: Special Victims Unit.

</doc>
<doc id="18508089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508089" title="Yokoya Station">
Yokoya Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Tarumi Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18508098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508098" title="Sports Roundup">
Sports Roundup

Sports Roundup was a New Zealand radio programme broadcast during the 1980s and early 1990s. It was run by the state-owned Radio New Zealand during the summer months, to provide live commentary of summer sports, primarily cricket.
It was broadcast on several frequencies around the country on a time-share with the AM Network on frequencies historically used for The Concert Programme. 
In approximately 1995, with the privatisation of the commercial arm of Radio New Zealand, Sports Roundup was replaced by Radio Sport.

</doc>
<doc id="18508111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508111" title="Bear games">
Bear games

Bear games is a category of board games of which many have historical roots to the Roman empire. They are still played today especially in Italy. They were played in many parts of the Roman empire as far away as Turkey and France. All of the games are two-player abstract strategy board games. Normally, the game is played with three hunters and one bear on a patterned board. It bears similarity to the hunt games such as the Fox games, Rimau-rimau, and Bagha-Chall, however, there are no captures involved. The three hunters are trying to hem in the bear, and block its movements. 
The closest relative of the Bear games are the Hare games. In this case, the hares are the "hunters" (a reversal in the naming procedure where the bear in the Bear games is the "hunted"), and there are three of them which is the same number of hunters in the Bear games. The difference is that the hares cannot move backwards in any way, whereas, the hunters can move in any direction. As a result, the boards used are also different. Another close relative is the game called Watermelon Chess. In one of the Bear game variants, the board is the same as that of Watermelon Chess. Furthermore, the game Sz'Kwa also uses the same board, although it is not actually related to the Bear games since the rules and game play are completely different.
Goal.
The hunters attempt to hem in the bear and block its movements. The goal of the bear is to avoid this fate. As an optional rule, if the hunters cannot stalemate the bear in a given number of moves, e.g. 40 moves, the bear wins.
Equipment.
There are a variety of patterned boards anywhere from round to rectangular boards. The first link below shows seven. There are normally three hunters, and one bear, however, these quantities especially for the hunters can change drastically depending upon the variant. 
Game Play and Rules.
1. Initial positions of the pieces vary depending upon the variant. Usually the bear is placed in the middle of the board, and the hunters are placed together on one end of the board. One player plays the hunters (normally three pieces), and the other player plays the bear. 
2. Both hunters and bears move one space at a time following the pattern on the board. Only one piece may be moved by each player. Players alternate their turns. There are no captures in this game.
3. As an optional rule, if the hunters cannot stalemate the bear in a given number of moves, e.g. 40 moves, the bear wins.
Analysis.
With perfect play, the hunters win.
This is a great example of a game where the humans have an edge over the computer. In some variants, the Zillions of Games program takes longer to win a game for the hunters as compared to human players.
Related Games.
Hare games, Watermelon Chess, Sz'Kwa, Fox games, Rimau-rimau, Bagha-Chall, Main Tapal Empat, Adugo

</doc>
<doc id="18508113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508113" title="Jūkujō Station">
Jūkujō Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Tarumi Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18508123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508123" title="Leah Frances Russell">
Leah Frances Russell

Leah Frances Russell (28 March 1891 - May 1983) was an Australian opera singer.

</doc>
<doc id="18508132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508132" title="Immigration equality">
Immigration equality

Immigration equality is a term which refers to the equal treatment of any or all citizens' ability or right to immigrate their family members. It also applies to fair and equal execution of the laws and the rights of non-citizens regardless of nationality or where they are coming from. Immigration issues can also be a lesbian and gay rights issue, as government recognition of same-sex relationships vary from country to country.
Immigration and migrant rights issue.
In 1999, President Clinton sent a bill to Congress that would have equalized immigration rights for people from Central America and Haiti. Clinton said the bill would correct the imbalance in immigration laws that gave advantage to people who fled communist regimes in Cuba and Nicaragua. Like Nicaraguans and Cubans, many Salvadorans, Guatemalans, Hondurans and Haitians fled human rights abuses or unstable political economic conditions in the 1980s and 1990s, but the later received unequal treatment that granted to the Nicaraguans and Cubans. The "Central American and Haitian Parity Act of 1999" never passed, but would have offered immigration equality protections to migrants from Haiti, El Salvador, Guatemala and Honduras.
Haitians particularly sought immigration equality in the Elián González affair in 2000 when they organized demonstrations in Miami during an international tug of war between Cuba and the US. They protested what they said was discrimination against Haitian immigrants by the INS and the behavior of elected officials who lobbied for Elián González to stay in the US, yet ignored the plight Haitian refugees and the repatriation of Haitian children.
In 2004, The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, UNHCR, expressed concern about the plight of the Haitian people as the country was sliding further into chaos. Cuba, Jamaica and Canada said they will not send people back to Haiti, but President George W Bush warned Haitians they will be sent home if they try to flee to the US. In a matter of a few days, the US Coast Guard intercepted some 500 people in boats fleeing Haiti and sent them back. But the US does not send back Cubans fleeing similar situations and regimes and many argue that immigration equality rights between the two nationalities should apply.
In 2006, protests continued for immigration equality rights for the Haitians as Lawyers protest Deportation of Illegal Immigrants to Haiti.
LGBT immigration issues.
United States.
Until 2013, gay and lesbian Americans were not afforded the same rights and responsibilities under current immigration law as their heterosexual counterparts. The Defense of Marriage Act (DOMA) had forbidden the federal government from conferring any benefits upon same-sex couples. Under DOMA, persons in same-sex marriages were not considered married for immigration purposes. U.S. citizens and permanent residents in same-sex marriages could not petition for their spouses, nor could they be accompanied by their spouses into the U.S. on the basis of a family or employment-based visa. A non-citizen in such a marriage would not have been able to use it as the basis for obtaining a waiver or relief from removal from the U.S. On June 26, 2013, the Supreme Court ruled in "United States v. Windsor" that Section 3 of the Defense of Marriage Act is unconstitutional. Following this decision, the administration of President Barack Obama began recognizing same-sex couples for immigration purposes.
Legislation to establish immigration equality, the Uniting American Families Act, has been introduced in the US Congress since 2000.
Since 2003, fear of persecution has been increasingly accepted as grounds for granting asylum to LGBT persons. The Board of Immigration Appeals denied an application for asylum on the part of an gay Indonesian. It doubted his fear of persecution if he returned to Indonesia in part because "closeted homosexuality is tolerated in Indonesia". The case, "Kadri v. Mukasey", is on appeal to the First Circuit Court of Appeals.
Worldwide.
At present a number of countries recognise same-sex relationships for immigration purposes. This may occur through the recognition of same-sex marriage, through some other form of registered relationship, or through specific provisions made in immigration law. These countries are:
United States LGBT immigration organizations.
There are several organizations in the United States that deal with LGBT/HIV+ immigration issues and represent LGBT/HIV+ persons in legal immigration to the U.S.
Immigration Equality, Inc. (United States).
Immigration Equality is a national organization fighting for equality under U.S. immigration law for lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and HIV-positive individuals. Founded in 1994 as the Lesbian and Gay Immigration Rights Task Force, it has grown to a membership of 10,000 people in cities all over the country.
Immigration Equality also maintains a list of LGBT/HIV-friendly private immigration attorneys to provide legal representation for those who contact them. They also provide technical assistance to attorneys who are working on sexual orientation, transgender identity, or HIV status-based asylum applications, or other immigration applications where the client’s LGBT or HIV-positive identity is at issue in the case.
Out4Immigration (United States).
Out4Immigration is a volunteer grassroots organization that addresses the widespread discriminatory impact of U.S. immigration laws on the lives of Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transgender and HIV+ people and their families through education, outreach, advocacy and the maintenance of a resource and support network.
They maintain a blog "LGBT Immigration Rights" at Change.org as well as a letter writing campaign urging 5 representatives each week to support the Uniting American Families Act and to support an Inclusive Comprehensive Immigration Reform that includes LGBT Families.
They also worked with National Center for Lesbian Rights' Immigration Project to provide a monthly free legal clinic where participants get to consult with an immigration attorney to discuss their cases.
National Center For Lesbian Rights (United States).
The National Center for Lesbian Rights, founded in 1977, is a national legal organization committed to advancing the civil and human rights of lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender people and their families through litigation, public policy advocacy, and public education.
What We Do: NCLR is a non-profit, public interest law firm which litigates precedent-setting cases at the trial and appellate court levels; advocates for equitable public policies affecting the LGBT community; provides free legal assistance to LGBT people and their legal advocates; and conducts community education on LGBT legal issues.
Who We Serve: More than 5,000 lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender people and their families in all fifty states each year, including LGBT seniors, immigrants, athletes, and youth. And our impact litigation serves all LGBT people in the United States.
Love Exiles (The Netherlands).
Love Exiles

</doc>
<doc id="18508134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508134" title="XYZ (XYZ album)">
XYZ (XYZ album)

XYZ is the 1989 self-titled debut album released by the mid-1980s American glam metal band XYZ. There were two hits off the album; "Inside Out" and "What Keeps Me Loving You". The album was a moderate success, charting at No. 99 on the Billboard 200. There were two music videos made for the songs "Inside Out" and "What Keeps Me Loving You" which both aired on MTV between 1989 and 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18508138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508138" title="Mikaele Pesamino">
Mikaele Pesamino

Mikaele Pesamino (born 2 April 1984) is a rugby union player in the Samoa Sevens team. He was the highest point scorer in the 2009–2010 IRB Sevens World Series.
Pesamino was born in Vailele on the island of Upolu in Samoa. 
Pesamino was first discovered for his speed, when he represented Leifiifi College in the annual Champ of Chapms athletic competition. But ever since, he focused on his rugby career and it proved to be a good choice.
Samoa sevens.
The Samoa Sevens team represent Samoa internationally in rugby sevens, a competitive sports tournament titled the IRB Sevens World Series which takes place annually in seven countries; United Arab Emirates, South Africa, New Zealand, United States, Hong Kong, Australia, England and Scotland. 
Pesamino was also the third highest try scorer in the 2007–2008 season.
Career.
Pesamino signed for Sale Sharks for the 2010/2011 season. Pesamino played provincial rugby for Auckland in the Air New Zealand Cup. His career began in both rugby union and Australian rules football. While still a teenager, he was a member of the Samoan national Australian rules football team during the 2002 Australian Football International Cup (where he was named in the All-International team) and then the 2005 Australian Football International Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="18508139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508139" title="Mieji Station">
Mieji Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Tarumi Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18508143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508143" title="Shahdol (Lok Sabha constituency)">
Shahdol (Lok Sabha constituency)

Shahdol Lok Sabha constituency () is one of the 29 Lok Sabha constituencies in Madhya Pradesh state in central India. This constituency is reserved for the candidates belonging to the Scheduled tribes. It covers the entire Anuppur and Umaria districts and parts of Shahdol and Katni districts.
Assembly segments.
Presently, since the delimitation of parliamentary and legislative assembly constituencies in 2008, Shahdol Lok Sabha constituency comprises the following eight Vidhan Sabha (Legislative Assembly) segments:
Members of Parliament.
Vindhya Pradesh state: (as Shahdol Sidhi)
Madhya Pradesh state:

</doc>
<doc id="18508150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508150" title="Craig Allen (meteorologist)">
Craig Allen (meteorologist)

Craig Allen (born January 25, 1957, Brooklyn, New York) is a meteorologist whose weather reports can be heard weekdays on WCBS Newsradio 880 (880 AM radio) in New York City and internationally at WCBS880.com. 
Allen previously worked for WCBS-TV until September 2006 and CBS This Morning and CBS Morning News from 1996 to October 1999. 
Allen is a graduate of Farmingdale High School. He earned his bachelors degree from Stony Brook University in 1979 and has been the chief meteorologist on WCBS since 1980.
On January 11, 2007, Allen joined News 12 Long Island as a fill-in meteorologist. On June 2, 2007, Allen began filling in as weather anchor on WNYW, originally as a short tenure with the station doing weekend weather forecasts. By the end of 2007, Allen continued his weekend role as Fox 5's weekend meteorologist since the departure of Tracy Humphrey. In September 2008, he was named weekend meteorologist and primary fill in for Nick Gregory. Fox5 replaced him with meteorologist Shay Ryan but allowed him to freelance as needed. 
On April 27, 2011, Allen began his 30th year with WCBS-AM/880. He is now the longest running primary meteorologist on a radio station in the country according to CBS News, the "New York Daily News" and an interview with Jerry Barmash from the "New York Examiner/Fish Bowl NY".
Allen is now the regular weekend meteorologist for the WPIX 6 & 10 pm newscasts with Kaity Tong. He also covers for Mr G on weekdays. 
He has also filled in at WLNY-TV10/55.

</doc>
<doc id="18508152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508152" title="Kitagata-Makuwa Station">
Kitagata-Makuwa Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Tarumi Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18508161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508161" title="Gauss–Kronrod quadrature formula">
Gauss–Kronrod quadrature formula

In numerical mathematics, the Gauss–Kronrod quadrature formula is a method for numerical integration (calculating approximate values of integrals). Gauss–Kronrod quadrature is a variant of Gaussian quadrature, in which the evaluation points are chosen so that an accurate approximation can be computed by re-using the information produced by the computation of a less accurate approximation. It is an example of what is called a nested quadrature rule: for the same set of function evaluation points, it has two quadrature rules, one higher order and one lower order (the latter called an "embedded" rule). The difference between these two approximations is used to estimate the calculational error of the integration.
These formulas are named after Alexander Kronrod, who invented them in the 1960s, and Carl Friedrich Gauss. Gauss–Kronrod quadrature is used in the QUADPACK library, the GNU Scientific Library, the NAG Numerical Libraries and R.
Description.
The problem in numerical integration is to approximate definite integrals of the form
Such integrals can be approximated, for example, by "n"-point Gaussian quadrature
where "w""i", "x""i" are the weights and points at which to evaluate the function "f"("x"). 
If the interval ["a", "b"] is subdivided, the Gauss evaluation points of the new subintervals never coincide with the previous evaluation points (except at the midpoint for odd numbers of evaluation points), and thus the integrand must be evaluated at every point. Gauss–Kronrod formulas are extensions of the Gauss quadrature formulas generated by adding formula_3 points to an formula_4-point rule in such a way that the resulting rule is of order formula_5. These extra points are the zeros of Stieltjes polynomials. This allows for computing higher-order estimates while reusing the function values of a lower-order estimate. The difference between a Gauss quadrature rule and its Kronrod extension are often used as an estimate of the approximation error.
Example.
A popular example combines a 7-point Gauss rule with a 15-point Kronrod rule . Because the Gauss points are incorporated into the Kronrod points, a total of only 15 function evaluations yields both a quadrature estimate and an error estimate.
The recommended error estimate is formula_6.

</doc>
<doc id="18508163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508163" title="Rayon Payne">
Rayon Payne

Rayon Payne is known by many names. He was born on (November 7, 1974) in Guyana, South America, and grew up in Brooklyn, NY. Payne is most known for being the only man in U.S. history who was sent to prisons for masterminding the largest unlicensed radio network most commonly known as "pirate radio".
In the late 90's at the height of the success of 95live Payne had many run ins with law enforcement, he was arrested for organized fraud for the use of stolen credit cards to buy hundreds of thousands of dollars worth of radio equipment which law enforcement said is how he started 95live. In March 2000, Payne pleaded no contest to two third-degree felonies: possession of a stolen credit card and scheming to defraud a business. He received five years probation on each count and was ordered to pay restitution. While his case was being worked out, Payne traveled to Miami and started another pirate station there. In Miami, he blended in well because Miami has a history of radio pirates, with the FCC shutting down more than 20 low-watt stations over the last several years.
It was not long, however, before homesickness drove them back north. Orlando, with all of its small-time ambitions, started to look better and better. But instead of returning to the outskirts of Orlando, he relaunched 95Live in the heart of downtown, where everything was happening. Payne found a $1,500-a-month office on West Pine Street less than a block from Orange Avenue, Orlando City Hall, and two blocks over from Orlando Police Headquarters. Payne could look out of their second-floor window and comment on the passersby walking below.
While on probation on his fraud case Payne was arrested for sexual battery which stemmed from a 95live event, a live broadcast at the Firestone night club. He went to trial on August 26, 2002, with his longtime attorney Michael Dicembre after two days he was found guilty, and was later sentenced on August 28, 2002, to 10 years on the sexual battery, and 10 years for violation of his probation on the organized fraud. Payne was sent to Florida Department of Corrections (DOC) the very same week. The conviction of Payne was a shock and left more questions, but for to his critics he got just what he deserved.
An appeal to the Fifth District Court of Appeal of Florida followed and was later affirmed without an opinion or cited case law which means Payne would have to sever 85% of a 20 years sentence.
Payne did not roll over and play dead. He studied the Rules of Court in (3) months and filed hand written pleading on his own behalf since his appeal was affirmed on March 27, 2003. And never in the United States history has anyone represented themselves and single handedly overturned their convictions in (2) separate cases.
<==Music & Radio History==
In 2004 N$X along with his two Co Hosts Maestro & Chaos release the best of the "Afternoon Crash" title Unfinished Bizness. < Click here to Listen >
Most of the sexual chatter occurs on Payne's show, mainly because he is more talk-show host than DJ. The first question he often asks of hip-hop celebrities is how many white chicks are they banging. He asks women to sleep with him. If he becomes angry at them, he calls them bitches, whores or sluts, and has threatened to beat them with a baseball bat. (Guys are called "shorties." ) Then he wonders why women think he's intimidating.
Several weeks ago Payne, as NSX, took a call from a woman who said she'd pulled over in a rainstorm to cheer him up. At the time, Payne was bummed out because he'd received news that a buddy was in jail. The woman, who had a sexy-as-hell voice, seemed receptive to NSX's come-ons. But would not you know, he blew it. He began crooning a love song about the romance, he wanted to give her Vaseline and anal sex. He asked a visitor in the DJ booth to supply the "da-da-dum" background vocals. Several listeners, anxious to help, called in singing, too. The woman laughed but told NSX anal sex was out. "I don't go that route," she concluded.
About the only thing you cannot say on 95Live is "the F word." DJs routinely tell callers not to use it, though the rule is often ignored. It can be sung, however. A cannabis song making the rounds right now has a female voice singing the refrain, "fuck you," over and over.
Mainstream broadcasters hate pirate radio because the upstarts get to break all the rules, including not having to pay the Federal Communications Commission for licensing. Yet 95Live does have the occasional listener among corporate Orlando radio. "They're like an unlicensed college radio station," says Phil Michaels Trueba, programming director of WPYO (95.3-FM). "They talk about what they want to talk about. It's some crazy, crazy stuff. Some of us corporate people wish we could do that stuff, but we can't. We don't want to get those fines... There's a lot of profanity; that's why kids love it. That's what it is, freedom. There's no handcuffs. They are the WWF of radio."
Like a pro wrestler, a rap star or a "Jerry Springer" guest, Payne is willing to take on nearly everyone. Even successful recording artists get little respect, especially when they fail on their promise to make in-station appearances, as De La Soul and Common did on July 28. Payne warned them several times. "You can come down here or I can rip you on the air," he said. "You're embarrassing me." After some back and forth on the phone with a local promoter, Payne told his audience to boycott the hip-hop show that night at House of Blues. Then he played a bit by comedian George Carlin: "I think that if white people are going to burn down black churches, then black people should burn down the House of Blues. What a fucking disgrace that place is."
Eventually Posdnuos of De La Soul called in, apologizing, "We're big fans of you. You're the only station blazing the music."
In some ways, respect is more important to Payne than money. Respect is what drove him into radio in the first place. Several years ago he was shopping around his self-produced single, "Cherish the Day." When Orlando's top black station, WJHM (101.9-FM), would not play it, Payne checked the Internet to learn how to start his own station. He set up in his apartment in a gated community near Orlando International Airport. Payne's 100-watt transmitter barely reached across the city, the antenna having been placed up a pine tree outside his window.
Companies Founded.
In 1996 Payne started 95live from his two bedroom apartment...

</doc>
<doc id="18508174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508174" title="Weightlifting at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's 56 kg">
Weightlifting at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's 56 kg

The men's 56 kg weightlifting event was the lightest men's event at the weightlifting competition, limiting competitors to a maximum of 56 kilograms of body mass. The whole competition took place on August 10, but was divided in two parts due to the number of competitors. Group B weightlifters competed at 10:00, and Group A, at 19:00. This event was the third Weightlifting event to conclude.
Each lifter performed in both the snatch and clean and jerk lifts, with the final score being the sum of the lifter's best result in each. The athlete received three attempts in each of the two lifts; the score for the lift was the heaviest weight successfully lifted.
The Athens gold medalist Turkish Halil Mutlu was not in Beijing to attempt his 4th straight gold medal.
Schedule.
All times are China Standard Time ()
Records.
Prior to this competition, the existing world and Olympic records were as follows.

</doc>
<doc id="18508181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508181" title="Morera-Gifu Station">
Morera-Gifu Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Tarumi Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18508191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508191" title="Itonuki Station">
Itonuki Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Tarumi Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18508206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508206" title="Motosu Station">
Motosu Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Tarumi Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18508213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508213" title="Oribe Station">
Oribe Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Tarumi Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18508214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508214" title="The Return of the Son of Monster Magnet">
The Return of the Son of Monster Magnet

The Return of the Son of Monster Magnet is a Frank Zappa composition, performed by the Mothers of Invention, released on the Mothers' debut album, "Freak Out!". It is the longest song on the album, at 12:17, consisting of 2 parts: "Ritual Dance Of The Child-Killer," and "Nullis Pretii (No Commercial Potential)." The composition includes a musical quote from "Louie Louie" (Richard Berry). The Monster Magnet, which almost certainly inspired the song's title, was a toy magnet in the shape of a monster, then being heavily advertised on television.
According to Zappa himself, the Freak Out! version of this song is merely a rhythm track and was never finished as intended. Apparently for budgetary reasons, Verve executives curtailed further recording of the track even after shelling out $12,000 for rented percussion. Indeed, the subtitle of the track is "an Unfinished Ballet in two Tableaux." Strangely, though, unlike many of his extended works, Zappa never augmented or completed this piece when he had the time, money and his own recording studio.
Dr John (Mac Rebennack) appears on piano. Van Dyke Parks was also present at the recording session, but it is unclear what, if anything, played by him was used for the released version.
According to Beatles author and Zappa biographer Barry Miles, the unreleased Beatles experimental track "Carnival of Light" which was recorded in January 1967 resembles "The Return of The Son of Monster Magnet," although it is believed that "Carnival of Light" is more fragmented and abstract than Zappa's effort the previous year.
Suzy Creamcheese.
The song begins with the following dialogue:
Male voice: Suzy? 
Female voice: Yes? 
Male voice: Suzy Creamcheese? 
Female voice: Yes? 
Male voice: This is the voice of your conscience baby ... uh, I just want to check one thing out with you ... you don't mind, do ya? 
Female voice: What? 
Male voice: Suzy Creamcheese, honey, what's got into ya?
This is the first mention of Suzy Creamcheese on any Mothers album.
References.
Freak Out!, Mothers of Invention, Verve/MGM, 1966, liner notes
The Making Of Freak Out!: An FZ Audio Documentary, Zappa Records, 2006

</doc>
<doc id="18508225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508225" title="Kochibora Station">
Kochibora Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Tarumi Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18508229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508229" title="Balaghat (Lok Sabha constituency)">
Balaghat (Lok Sabha constituency)

Balaghat Lok Sabha constituency () is one of the 29 Lok Sabha constituencies in Madhya Pradesh state in central India. This constituency covers the entire Balaghat district and part of Seoni district.
Assembly segments.
Presently, since the delimitation of the parliamentary and legislative assembly constituencies in 2008, Balaghat Lok Sabha constituency comprises the following eight Vidhan Sabha (Legislative Assembly) segments:

</doc>
<doc id="18508238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508238" title="Tanigumi-guchi Station">
Tanigumi-guchi Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Tarumi Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18508251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508251" title="Kōmi Station">
Kōmi Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Tarumi Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18508255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508255" title="Louis Payette">
Louis Payette

Louis Payette (25 December 1854 – 19 March 1932) was a Canadian construction contractor and politician, the Mayor of Montreal, Quebec between 1908 and 1910.
Payette was educated at the Académie des Frères des écoles chrétiennes, focusing on business studies before beginning his career in the construction industry.
From 1902 to 1908, he was a city councillor for the Saint-Louis ward before his two years as Mayor.

</doc>
<doc id="18508258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508258" title="Franz Fühmann">
Franz Fühmann

Franz Fühmann (15 January 1922 – 8 July 1984) was a German writer. He lived and worked as a short story writer, essayist and children's book author in East Germany. Influenced by Nazism in his youth he became a supporter of socialism after the war, which he increasingly criticised later on, and with which he was disappointed bitterly in his later years.
Life.
Franz Fühmann was born as son of an apothecary in Rochlitz an der Iser (Rokytnice nad Jizerou) in the Karkonosze in Czechoslovakia. After the Volksschule, he attended the Jesuitenkonvikt Kalksburg near Vienna for four years from which he fled in 1936. He subsequently attended the Gymnasium in Reichenberg (Liberec) in northern Bohemia. He took his Abitur in Vrchlabí. After the annexation of the Sudetenland by Germany, he joined the Reiter-SA.
He was drafted into the Wehrmacht in 1941 and was a communications soldier in the operations in Greece and the Soviet Union. He was under Soviet captivity in 1945 and sent to a communist rehabilitation school in Noginsk near Moscow.
Fühmann returned from Soviet captivity to East Germany where he lived the rest of his life in Märkisch Buchholz and Berlin. He entered the National Democratic Party of Germany which was one of the so-called Bloc parties. He was active as a culturally political employee in the party machinery until 1958. In 1972 he resigned from the party. 
Since 1952, he was a freelance writer until his death.
Besides his own writing activity, Fühmann remained active in the field of cultural policy. He provided patronage to many young writers and spoke for those who suffered under the repression by the East German state. In 1976 he was among the first to sign a protest letter against the expatriation of Wolf Biermann.
Franz Fühmann received the 1956 Heinrich Mann Prize, the 1957 and 1974 National Prize of East Germany, the 1977 Deutscher Kritikerpreis and the 1982 Geschwister-Scholl-Preis. He received more national and international awards and was a member of the Akademie der Künste.
Work.
Fühmann's work is wide ranging. It includes poems, interpretive translation of Czech and Hungarian poems, books for children and young adults, essays, rich narrative work, and unusual literary pursuits such as a ballet ("Kirke und Odysseus") and a collaboration with a photographer ("Was für eine Insel in was für einem Meer") on people with Mental retardation. Fühmann also compiled a volume of poems by rearranging parts of a rhyming dictionary and furnishing it with headings.
Writing literature for children and young people was an important part of Franz Fühmann's work all his life. He published his first children's book fulfilling a wish of his daughter Barbara. Amongst his numerous other children's books are Fairy tales, puppet plays, books which deal with German language and play with it ("Lustiges Tier-ABC", "Die dampfenden Hälse der Pferde im Turm von Babel") and numerous re-narrations of classical literature and sagas ("Reineke Fuchs", "Das Hölzerne Pferd" (Iliad and Odyssey), Prometheus. Die Titanenschlacht"). In addition to that Fühmann corresponded with many of his young readers. Thus "ordered works" (Märchen auf Bestellung) came into being.
Fühmann left a considerable narrative work. His early short stories are often autobiographical. In the compilation "Das Judenauto", he describes patterns inspired by memories from his childhood and youth. Later on, he intensively dealt with the Nazi Era and his own involvement. The concept of "change" (in his case from a supporter of Nazism to a dedicated Socialist) and the possibility of change was especially important for Fühmann. These themes play a great roll in "Zweiundzwanzig Tage oder Die Hälfte des Lebens", which is one of Fühmann's main works. It is conceived as a diary of a trip to Hungary and contains some spare narratives.
In his work, Fühmann placed emphasis on fairly tales, sagas and myths. This preoccupation penetrates many of his books from his children's books to his short stories ("Das Ohr des Dionysios") and his essays. With his essays, Fühmann also facilitated the publication of authors whose work had scarcely appeared in East Germany like Georg Trakl and Sigmund Freud.
Beginning with "Zweiundzwanzig Tage", Fühmann set forth increasing criticism of the socialist society of East Germany. In numerous letters and (later on) public speeches, he attempted to convince East German politicians to change their policies in the domain of culture. This attitude became more and more apparent in his work, especially in "Saiäns-fiktschen". He withdrew from his connections to cultural politics in East Germany like the Schriftstellerverband der DDR (Writer's Union of East Germany) and the Akademie der Künste. In his later life, he began to despair of the political conditions in East Germany. His correspondence with Christa Wolf ("Monsieur – wir finden uns wieder") clearly reflected this state of mind. As a consequence he was not able to finish his long planned "magnum opus" to which he referred in his letters and notes as "Bergwerksprojekt". It appeared 1993 posthumously under the title "Im Berg" with the subtitle (added by himself) "Fragments of a Failure".
A quote from his testimonial a year before he died reads:
The Academy of the Arts in Berlin has taken care of Fühmann's literary estate. His work library consisting of roughly 17,000 volumes (with many notes and underlinings) is part of the Historische Sammlungen of the Zentral- und Landesbibliothek Berlin.
Fühmann's work still fascinates young artists like Barbara Gauger who even today promotes his work. As well the Franz Fühmann Freundeskreis Märkisch Buchholz/Berlin testifies of the far extent of his work.
Filmography.
Films which are based on Franz Fühmann's works or for which he wrote the script

</doc>
<doc id="18508263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508263" title="Takashina Station">
Takashina Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Tarumi Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18508276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508276" title="Nabera Station">
Nabera Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Tarumi Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18508279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508279" title="Cynthia Martin">
Cynthia Martin

Cynthia Martin (aka Cindy Martin) is a comic book artist best known for her work on the Marvel Comics "Star Wars" title during its waning years in the mid-1980s. She was one of the few women working in mainstream American comics during that time.
Martin's clean lines and strong sense of movement during action scenes set her apart from other "Star Wars" artists of the time. Her work displayed the influence of Japanese manga long before it became common in American comics.
Career.
The first comic Martin worked on was the "Ms. Victory Special" #1 (AC Comics, 1985). She then got the "Star Wars" assignment, where she did the covers for issues 92 and 93, and then the pencils for most of the issues between 94 and 107. Besides AC and Marvel, Martin has worked for DC Comics, Eclipse Comics, First Comics, Topps Comics, Dark Horse Comics, and a number of other small presses.
In recent years, Martin has been illustrating early-reader "graphic biographies" for Capstone Press. She also illustrated Edge Books: "How to Draw Comic Heroes" ISBN 978-1-4296-0074-3. According to her bio on Silver Phoenix Entertainment, Martin's currents projects include books for ABDO Publications and the graphic novel "Shadowflight".
On May 1, 2010, Cynthia was inducted as an Honorary Member of the 501st Legion international costuming organization in recognition of her contributions to the Star Wars saga.
Bibliography.
Comics work includes:

</doc>
<doc id="18508287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508287" title="Hinata Station">
Hinata Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Tarumi Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18508292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508292" title="Mandla (Lok Sabha constituency)">
Mandla (Lok Sabha constituency)

Mandla Lok Sabha constituency () is one of the 29 Lok Sabha constituencies in Madhya Pradesh state in central India. This constituency is reserved for the candidates belonging to the Scheduled Tribes, it became a reserved constituency in 1957. It presently covers the entire Dindori and Mandla districts and parts of Seoni and Narsinghpur districts.
Assembly segments.
Presently, since the delimitation of the parliamentary and legislative assembly constituencies in 2008, Mandla Lok Sabha constituency comprises the following eight Vidhan Sabha (Legislative Assembly) segments:
Members of Parliament.
(as Mandla Jabalpur South):
(as Mandla):

</doc>
<doc id="18508296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508296" title="Takao Station (Gifu)">
Takao Station (Gifu)

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Tarumi Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18508306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508306" title="Midori Station (Gifu)">
Midori Station (Gifu)

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Tarumi Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18508313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508313" title="Stenophylla cornigera">
Stenophylla cornigera

Stenophylla cornigera is a species of praying mantis native to Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="18508315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508315" title="Tarumi Station (Gifu)">
Tarumi Station (Gifu)

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Tarumi Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18508322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508322" title="Spiradoline">
Spiradoline

Spiradoline (U-62066) is a drug which acts as a highly selective κ-opioid agonist. It has analgesic, diuretic and antitussive effects, and produces subjective effects in animals similar to those of ketocyclazocine and allylnormetazocine. The main effect in humans is sedation, along with analgesic and diuretic effects, but significant side effects such as dysphoria and hallucinations have stopped it from being used clinically. Kappa-agonists have been shown to react negatively with the mu receptor, instead of having an assumed synergy since they are both opioid receptors, such as with the mu (μ) receptors and delta (δ) receptors (which both mediate pain-relief, euphoria and overall potency of opioid effects).
Chemistry.
Kaplan, L. J.; 1984, .

</doc>
<doc id="18508341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508341" title="Phthersigena conspersa">
Phthersigena conspersa

Phthersigena conspersa is a species of praying mantis native to Australia and New Guinea.

</doc>
<doc id="18508350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508350" title="Magevet">
Magevet

Magevet is a Jewish a cappella singing group. It has been called "one of the finest collegiate a cappella groups in the nation." It was founded in 1993, at Yale University. The group's repertoire includes liturgical, traditional, and modern arrangements of Jewish, Hebrew, and Israeli songs. Each year, Magevet conducts two major national or international tours and numerous weekend-length tours in the New England and mid-Atlantic states.
Name.
The group's name is Hebrew for "towel." The group was allegedly founded in a sauna at Yale in 1993 by several Orthodox Jewish men who enjoyed the acoustics of the sauna and decided to form a singing group. "Magevet" was chosen as the group's name to remind the first members of their early experiences together.
Membership.
Most members join the group through the a cappella rush process at Yale University. This process starts when freshmen arrive onto the Yale campus in the fall and ends a few weeks later with tap night. The entire process vaguely resembles the rush process for fraternities or sororities. Members audition and are selected for membership based on their singing ability and the musical needs of the group. Students typically join during their freshman year and stay in the group for their four years as undergraduates at Yale.
Tours.
Each year, the group embarks on two major tours. In May 2012, the group took its first tour of Israel. Past tour destinations have included Los Angeles, Berlin, Prague, Florida, Chicago, Las Vegas, London, Glasgow, New Orleans, Phoenix, Amsterdam, Paris, San Francisco, Madrid, and Valencia. Throughout the Yale academic year, the group also embarks on weekend tours of the Northeast, often including New York City, Boston, Philadelphia, and communities in Connecticut and New Jersey.
Repertoire.
The group's repertoire is chosen by the group's musical director (also known as "pitch pipe" or "pitch"). Each new musical director chooses songs to add or remove from the previous year's repertoire. The 2013-14 musical director is Julia Rothchild, Yale '16. New songs are often arranged by the group's current members, and many pieces in the group's traditional repertoire have been arranged by past Magevet members. Magevet's repertoire includes pieces from many different Jewish communities from around the world spanning nearly five hundred years.
Discography.
Magevet has released seven albums beginning with its first in 1995 entitled Mem's the Word. Magevet's most recent album is Aranen.

</doc>
<doc id="18508354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508354" title="Galen Weston, Jr.">
Galen Weston, Jr.

Galen G. Weston (born December 19, 1972), also known as Galen Weston Jr., is a Canadian businessman and the current executive chairman of Loblaw Companies Limited. He is the son of Willard Gordon Galen Weston and Hilary Weston.
Weston took over Loblaw Companies Ltd. in October 2006. Beforehand, he had held positions in the company for eight years and was a member on their Board of Directors. At that point the company was worth around $9 billion.
Weston has been featured in a number of recent television and radio commercials for Loblaws and its President's Choice line of products. Many of these ads have focused on a new environmentally friendly image for Loblaws, with others dealing with the semi-annual PC Insider's Report.

</doc>
<doc id="18508356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508356" title="Oleksandr Zhuravlyov">
Oleksandr Zhuravlyov

Oleksandr Nykyforovych Zhuravlyov (, ); (born 1 September 1945 in Luhansk) is a retired Soviet football player and an Ukrainian coach.
International career.
Zhuravlyov made his debut for USSR on June 29, 1972 in a friendly against Uruguay. He was the team's captain for the 3 games he played.

</doc>
<doc id="18508367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508367" title="Phthersigena nebulosa">
Phthersigena nebulosa

Phthersigena nebulosa is a species of praying mantis native to Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="18508375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508375" title="Phthersigena timorensis">
Phthersigena timorensis

Phthersigena timorensis is a species of praying mantis native to Timor.

</doc>
<doc id="18508378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508378" title="Ahmadshah Abdullah">
Ahmadshah Abdullah

Tun Ahmadshah bin Abdullah (born December 9, 1946 in Kota Kinabalu) is a retired Malaysian civil servant who served as Yang di-Pertua Negeri (Governor) of the state of Sabah from 2003 to 2010.
Education.
Ahmadshah began his education at Government Primary School Darau, Menggatal in 1952 and ended his secondary school session on 1967 at La Salle Secondary School, Tanjung Aru, Kota Kinabalu. He received a Diploma in Development Administration from South Devon College in the United Kingdom and Bachelor of Science (Political Science) from Indiana State University in the United States.
Career.
He started his career as Custom Officer at Royal Custom and Excise Department, Kota Kinabalu on March 1, 1968. He was appointed as Work Officer (Rural) and was moved to Beaufort District Office as Assistant District Officer (Rural) on November 10, 1969. He was loaned to the National Paddy and Rice Board as Chief Officer from April 1979 until July 1983. He also worked as Secretary of State Public Service Commission (1983), Daawah Officer Islamic Council of Sabah (October 1986 until January 1988), Secretary of Islamic Council of Sabah (January 1988 until June 1994), Secretary of Home Affairs and Research (1994 to 1995) and Director in State Public Service Department (December 1995 to March 1998). He was served as Deputy State Secretary (Administration) from March 21, 1998 until he retired on December 8, 2002. 
On January 1, 2003, he was sworn in as the ninth Yang di-Pertua Negeri of Sabah. He served two full terms and stepped down on December 31, 2010.
Personal life.
He is married to Hajah Dayang Masuyah binti Awang Japar and they have three sons and a daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="18508383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508383" title="Phthersigena unicornis">
Phthersigena unicornis

Phthersigena unicornis, common name Timor Unicorn Mantis, is a species of praying mantis native to Timor.

</doc>
<doc id="18508386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508386" title="Kampong Siem District">
Kampong Siem District

Kampong Siem District () is a district ("srok") located in Kampong Cham Province, Cambodia. The district surrounds the provincial capital Kampong Cham City. The administrative center of the district locates not far from the Provincial capital of Kampong Cham in Ampil Leu Village, Ampil Commune about 3 km west from the center of Kampong Cham city on National Highway 7 and is 120 kilometres by road from Phnom Penh. The district borders on the western bank of the Mekong for most of its length.
In February 2007 the United States Peace Corps sent 29 volunteers to live in Kampong Siem District. This marked the beginning of the first ever Peace Corps mission in Cambodia. During a nine week stay in the district the group of volunteers from San Francisco studied the Khmer language, acclimatised themselves to the local way of life, tried eating deep fried tarantulas and began teaching English.
Location.
Kampong Siem district is in central Kampong Cham Province and is surrounded by other Kampong Cham districts. Reading from the north clockwise, Kampong Cham shares a border with Stueng Trang District while Krouch Chhmar and Tbong Khmom districts form the eastern boundary. To the south of Kampong Siem is Koh Soutin District. The three districts of Kang Meas, Prey Chor and Chamkar Leu make up the western border of the district. Kampong Siem also surrounds the tiny Kampong Cham City which is the provincial capital.
Administration.
The Kampong Siem district governor reports to His Excellency Hun Neng, the Governor of Kampong Cham. The following table shows the villages of Kampong Siem district by commune.
Demographics.
The district is subdivided into 15 communes ("khum") and 112 villages ("phum"). According to the 1998 Census, the population of the district was 99,056 persons in 18,884 households in 1998. With a population of over 99,000 people, Kampong Siem is one of the more populated districts in Kampong Cham province. The average household size in Kampong Siem is 5.2 persons per household, slightly higher than the rural average for Cambodia (5.1). The sex ratio in the district is 92.0%, with more females than males.

</doc>
<doc id="18508391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508391" title="Jabalpur (Lok Sabha constituency)">
Jabalpur (Lok Sabha constituency)

Jabalpur Lok Sabha constituency () is one of the 29 Lok Sabha constituencies in Madhya Pradesh state in central India. This constituency covers the entire Jabalpur district.
Assembly segments.
Presently, since the delimitation of the parliamentary and legislative assembly constituencies in 2008, Jabalpur Lok Sabha constituency comprises the following eight Vidhan Sabha (Legislative Assembly) segments:
Members of Parliament.
As Mandla Jabalpur South:
As Jabalpur:
References.
Election Commission of India -http://www.eci.gov.in/StatisticalReports/ElectionStatistics.asp

</doc>
<doc id="18508395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508395" title="Phthersigena minor">
Phthersigena minor

Phthersigena minor is a species of praying mantis native to Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="18508401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508401" title="Norma-Jean Wofford">
Norma-Jean Wofford

Norma-Jean Wofford (circa 1942 — April 30, 2005) was an American guitarist who played with Bo Diddley and his band from 1962 to 1966.
Born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, she was Bo Diddley's second female guitarist replacing Peggy Jones aka 'Lady Bo'. After Jones left the band, Bo Diddley was asked by disappointed fans what happened to the girl. As a response, he enlisted Miss Wofford, nicknamed her 'The Duchess', taught her to play rhythm guitar and informed male admirers that she was his sister. In reality, they were not related. Onstage, Wofford played guitar and sang alongside Gloria Morgan and Lily "Bee Bee" Jamieson as the Bo-ettes.
She was known for skintight stage clothes and appeared on several of Bo Diddley's record releases during her time in his band. These include the albums "Bo Diddley & Company", "Bo Diddley's Beach Party", "Hey! Good Lookin'", "500% More Man" and "The Originator".
She married and left the band to raise a family in Florida in 1966. Her married name was Richardson.
Death and remembrance.
Upon Wofford's death in Fontana, California, in 2005, Bo Diddley stated, "Norma-Jean was my first sidekick... We did everything together. She was like family, which was why I told everyone she was my sister. There was no one else like her and I will miss her very much. I hadn't seen Duchess in so many years, but then she surprised me at a show in California last July. I'm so glad we had the chance to spend some time together again before she left this Earth."

</doc>
<doc id="18508407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508407" title="Phthersigena centralis">
Phthersigena centralis

Phthersigena centralis is a species of praying mantis endemic to Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="18508414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508414" title="To the Max">
To the Max

To the Max is a 1982 album released by Vallejo, California R&B/soul band Con Funk Shun. This album included several of the band's early 1980s hits, such as "Ain't Nobody Baby" and "Ms. Got-the-Body." However, perhaps one of the most enduring tracks featured on the album is a tune that was never actually released as a single; the slow jam, "Love's Train" is widely considered a classic in the R&B world as well as one of the band's best-known songs.

</doc>
<doc id="18508417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508417" title="Phthersigena insularis">
Phthersigena insularis

Phthersigena insularis is a species of praying mantis native to Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="18508419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508419" title="Apium insulare">
Apium insulare

Apium insulare, Flinder's Island celery, is a herb of the Bass Strait islands, and Lord Howe Island, Australia.
Uses.
It is considered to be "worth investigating" as a food plant.

</doc>
<doc id="18508420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508420" title="Ednan Agayev">
Ednan Agayev

Ednan Tofik-Ogly Agayev () (born 25 October 1956) is a Russian career diplomat.
Agayev graduated from the Moscow State Institute of International Relations in 1979, and went on to work in various diplomatic posts in the central offices of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and abroad. 
From 1994 to 1999, Agayev was the Ambassador of Russia to Colombia.
Agayev speaks Russian, English and French.

</doc>
<doc id="18508423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508423" title="Phthersigena melania">
Phthersigena melania

Phthersigena melania is a species of praying mantis native to Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="18508424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508424" title="Rosa 'Mrs. Harkness'">
Rosa 'Mrs. Harkness'

Mrs. Harkness (syn. Paul's Early Blush) is a Hybrid Perpetual discovered in 1893 by George Paul (UK). It is a sport of the Hybrid Perpetual rose 'Heinrich Schultheis' (Bennet 1882).
'Mrs. Harkness' has light pink flowers with 17 to 25 petals and a strong cinnamon fragrance. 
The rose bush reaches a height of about 90 to 150 cm (3' to 4') and 90 cm width. The leaves are dark green.

</doc>
<doc id="18508433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508433" title="North American Prairies Province">
North American Prairies Province

The North American Prairies Province is a large grassland floristic province lying between the Appalachian Province and the Rocky Mountains and including the prairies of the Great Plains. It is bounded by the Canadian coniferous forests on the north and the arid semideserts to the southwest. The province itself is occupied by temperate grasslands, savannas, and shrublands (including such ecoregions as the Flint Hills tall grasslands, Sand Hills, High Plains). Endemism is rather limited in this province, and its boundaries are vague. During the Pleistocene much of the province was glaciated.
This province is within the North American Atlantic Region, a floristic region within the Holarctic Kingdom.

</doc>
<doc id="18508438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508438" title="Agayev">
Agayev

Agayev (f. "Agayeva", , ) is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18508464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508464" title="Oganes Zanazanyan">
Oganes Zanazanyan

Oganes Arutyunovich Zanazanyan (, , born 10 December 1946 in Athens) is a retired Soviet football player and a current Armenian coach.
International career.
Zanazanyan made his debut for USSR on 28 August 1972 in the Olympics game against Burma.

</doc>
<doc id="18508487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508487" title="United States House of Representatives election in South Dakota, 2008">
United States House of Representatives election in South Dakota, 2008

The 2008 United States House of Representatives election in South Dakota took place on Tuesday, November 4, 2008. Voters selected a representative for their single At-Large district, who ran on a statewide ballot.
Democratic incumbent Stephanie Herseth Sandlin was challenged by the Republican nominee, businessman and attorney Chris Lien. Neither candidate was opposed in the June 3, 2008 primary. CQ Politics forecasted this race as 'Safe Democrat'. George W. Bush won in this district 61% to 39% for John Kerry in 2004.
See also.
South Dakota's At-large congressional district

</doc>
<doc id="18508492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508492" title="Rosa 'Bridge of Sighs'">
Rosa 'Bridge of Sighs'

'Bridge of Sighs' is a rose introduced by Harkness Roses in 2000. It is a climbing rose that is of an apricot and amber color. It was named after the bridge at Hertford College, Oxford, which Peter Harkness attended.

</doc>
<doc id="18508505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508505" title="Seoni (Lok Sabha constituency)">
Seoni (Lok Sabha constituency)

Seoni is a Lok Sabha constituency in Madhya Pradesh. This seat was created in 1962 as a Scheduled Tribe seat. Following its inaugural appearance on the election rolls, Seoni ceased to exist for the next two general elections before it was made a permanent open seat in 1977.
References.
Election Commission of India -http://www.eci.gov.in/StatisticalReports/ElectionStatistics.asp

</doc>
<doc id="18508506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508506" title="Camissoniopsis bistorta">
Camissoniopsis bistorta

Camissoniopsis bistorta is a species of flowering plant in the evening primrose family known by the common names southern suncup and California suncup. It is native to southern California and Baja California, where it grows in several types of plant community along the coast and in the coastal hills and mountain ranges. This is a hairy annual or perennial herb spreading from a basal rosette with stems reaching up to 80 centimeters long. Leaves are lance-shaped to narrowly arrowhead-shaped and sometimes toothed, and 1 to 12 centimeters in length. Toward the end of the spreading stems are nodding inflorescences of flowers, each flower with four bright yellow petals dotted with red at their bases. At the center are stamens and a protruding, nearly spherical stigma. The fruit is a straight or slightly coiled capsule up to 4 centimeters long.

</doc>
<doc id="18508513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508513" title="Henry M. Cist">
Henry M. Cist

Henry Martyn Cist (February 20, 1839 – December 16, 1902) was an American soldier, lawyer, and author who became a brevet brigadier general in the Union Army during the American Civil War. He is most noted for his classic and oft-referenced 1882 book "The Army of the Cumberland". In addition, Cist led pioneering efforts to preserve and interpret the sites of the battles of Chickamauga and Chattanooga.
Early life and career.
Henry Cist was born in Cincinnati, Ohio, the younger of two sons of Philadelphia-born author Charles Cist and his wife Janet. His paternal grandfather, also named Charles Cist, was an immigrant from St. Petersburg, Russia, and a printer and publisher in Philadelphia. 
Cist graduated from Farmers College in 1858, and then studied law. He passed his bar exam and became a practicing attorney.
Civil War service.
With the outbreak of the Civil War, Cist enlisted as a private in the three-month 6th Ohio Infantry. When his term of enlistment expired, he was promoted to second lieutenant in the 52nd Ohio Infantry. He later served as post adjutant of Camp Chase in Columbus, Ohio, after the prisoners of war captured at Fort Donelson were transported there following Ulysses S. Grant's victory in February 1862.
In April 1862, Cist joined the 74th Ohio Infantry as a first lieutenant and became its regimental adjutant, serving under Colonel Granville Moody. He later served as the assistant adjutant general with the rank of captain on the staff of Major General William S. Rosecrans in the Army of the Cumberland. Later he was on the staff of Major General George H. Thomas. 
In the omnibus promotions issued by the War Department following the end of the Civil War, Cist received three brevet promotions dating from March 13, 1865, to the ranks of major, colonel, and brigadier general of U. S. Volunteers. At Gen. Thomas's request, he remained in the service after the close of hostilities to give the necessary orders and to arrange the details providing for the mustering out and disbanding of over 100,000 troops.
Postbellum career.
After mustering out of the army in January 1866, Cist returned to Cincinnati, and established a successful legal practice in that city. He briefly entered politics and lost a hotly contested election for mayor of College Hill, Ohio, that required court action to declare a winner.
In 1869 Cist was elected corresponding secretary of the Society of the Army of the Cumberland, to which office he was re-elected every year for some years afterward. He edited all but volumes ii and iii of "Reports of the Society of the Army of the Cumberland" (Cincinnati, 17 vols., 1868–85). In 1882, he wrote "The Army of the Cumberland" (New York: Charles Scribner's Sons), which was considered one of the best first-person accounts of that army. He wrote one of the earliest biographies of Union leader "Pap" Thomas, "The Life of Gen. George H. Thomas". He also wrote several magazine articles related to Cincinnati during wartime. Among his article titles were “Cincinnati with the War Fever” and “The Romance of Shiloh.”
Cist turned his interest in history to working to have battlefield sites preserved. He served as director of the Chickamauga Memorial Association in 1889, helping gain Congressional authorization in 1890 for the first military park, the Chickamauga and Chattanooga National Military Park. In 1892 Cist served as president of the Ohio Society, Sons of the American Revolution. It is a heritage organization devoted to celebrating the history of the US and especially the meaning of the American Revolution.
After contracting pneumonia while touring Italy, Cist died at the age of 63. He died at Rome, Italy. His body was returned to Ohio and buried in Cincinnati's Spring Grove Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="18508525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508525" title="Siege of Sparta">
Siege of Sparta

The Siege of Sparta took place in 272 BC and was a battle fought between Epirus under King Pyrrhus, who was besieging the city of Sparta, and an alliance consisting of Sparta under the command of King Areus I and Acrocratus and Macedon. The battle was fought at Sparta and ended in a Spartan-Macedonian victory.
Following his initially successful campaign in Italy, King Pyrrhus of Epirus was forced to retreat back to Epirus by the Roman Republic. On this return to Epirus, he went to war again this time against Antigonus II Gonatas and managed to take control of Macedon. In 272 BC, he was approached by a Spartan Prince, Cleonymus, who asked him to back his claim to the Spartan throne. Cleonymus was disgruntled by the fact that he had been overlooked for the Spartan throne in favor of his nephew, Areus I, and that his young wife had fallen in love with Areus' son, Acrotatus.
Pyrrhus accepted Cleonymus' proposal and marched towards Sparta at the head of his army. Most of the Spartan army was at the time campaigning in Crete with Areus.
Background.
Epirus.
In 281 BC, at the request of the Greek city of Tarentum, Pyrrhus, the King of the Greek state of Epirus, went with an army of 25,500 men and 20 elephants to Italy to help fight the Romans. The Romans had succeeded in conquering most of Italy were now moving in to take the Greek cities in Magna Graecia., After arriving in Italy in 280 BC, Pyrrhus defeated a Roman army at the Battle of Heraclea, near Tarentum. Pyrrhus repeated his success against Romans by defeating another Roman army at the Battle of Asculum.
However, these victories proved to be very costly to Pyrrhus and he diverted his attention to Sicily, where the Greek states on the island were appealing for his help against Carthage. Despite defeating the Carthaginians, Pyrrhus' behavior alienated him from his Greek allies and he was forced to abandon Sicily and return to the Italian mainland. Pyrrhus attacked the rebuilt Roman army and after the inconclusive Battle of Beneventum, Pyrrhus returned to Epirus.
The war in Italy had drained Pyrhus' financial and military resources but despite this he declared war on King Antigonus II Gonatas of Macedon. He ravaged part of the country before some of the Macedonian army and cities came over to him. He managed to defeat Antigonus at the Battle of the Aoos River forcing Antigonus to flee to Thessaloniki. Following Antigonus flight, Pyrrhus was able to gain control of most of Macedon and Thessaly.
Sparta.
The Spartans were ill-prepared for the siege. King Areus had recently left for a campaign in Crete, and no walls surrounded the city, making it extremely vulnerable to an invasion. Pyrrhus took advantage of this and laid siege to the city with over 20,000 troops and elephants. The Spartans numbered only around 2,000, but reinforcements came, and Pyrrhus eventually had to give up the siege to attack Argos. It was at Argos that Pyrrhus was killed, ending his campaigns.

</doc>
<doc id="18508527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508527" title="Eric Kunze">
Eric Kunze

Eric Kunze (pronounced "Koon-zee"), born in 1971 in San Diego, California, is a Broadway actor and singer. He showed an early aptitude for singing and was involved in choir and theater at Rancho Buena Vista High School. He attended theater studies at University of California, Irvine. In his junior year, the students traveled to New York to expand their education through workshops. While there, Eric auditioned for and landed the role of Marius in "Les Misérables" at the age of 20. When not on the road, Kunze and his long-time friend Gina De Luca have a production company called Big City Broadway based in San Diego.
Kunze has had the pleasure of starring on Broadway in leading roles for the better part of his professional career. Performing in "The Music of Andrew Lloyd Webber" at the Kennedy Center, Mr. Kunze starred as "The Man" in the national touring company of Whistle Down the Wind; later, he starred as the title character in the national tour of "Jesus Christ Superstar" with veteran Carl Anderson after replacing Sebastian Bach.
He made his Broadway debut as Marius in "Les Misérables" (opposite Lea Salonga) and went on to star as Chris in Miss Saigon and then as Joe Hardy in Damn Yankees (with Jerry Lewis). Off-Broadway: Leopard's Leap, directed by Michael Rupert. International Tours: The Fantasticks, Pirates of Penzance, and the Mikado. He received rave reviews for the title role in Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat (Muny, KC Starlight, Sacramento Music Circus and San Diego CLO earning a San Diego Critics Circle Nomination) Other Regional (selected): Evita (LA Ovation Nomination), West Side Story, Into the Woods, the title role in Pippin (LA Robbie Award), South Pacific and the title role in The Who's Tommy in Los Angeles.
Kunze had voice training from Tony McDowell, Harry Garland and Bruce Kolb in Los Angeles. He received acting coaching from Uta Hagen and Alan Savage in New York, and from Drew Tombrello, Andrew Barnicle and Robert Cohen in Los Angeles. He received dance tutelage in New York from Buzz Miller, Thommie Walsh, Mary Rotella and Susan Stroman, and in Los Angeles, from Javier Velasco, Jack Tygett, Donale McKayle, El Gabriel and Bernard Johnson 
Awards.
LA Robbie Award Lead Actor Musical (Pippin)

</doc>
<doc id="18508534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508534" title="Phnom Sruoch District">
Phnom Sruoch District

Phnom Sruoch District () is a district located in Kampong Speu Province in central Cambodia.
Ecology.
The largest surface of Kirirom National Park is part of Phnom Sruoch District, Kampong Speu, while another section is in neighboring Koh Kong Province.
The Kirirom National Park is located in the eastern part of the Cardamom Mountains, about 112 km from Phnom Penh. The road from Phnom Penh to Kampong Som runs along the southern boundary of the park.
Among the animals in the park, the following deserve mention: Asian elephant, deer, Gaur, Banteng, leopard, Spotted Linsang, Pileated Gibbon and tiger.
Administration.
Phnom Sruoch District is subdivided into 12 communes ("khum")

</doc>
<doc id="18508539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508539" title="Xanomeline">
Xanomeline

Xanomeline (LY-246,708; Lumeron, Memcor) is a muscarinic acetylcholine receptor agonist with reasonable selectivity for the M1 and M4 subtypes, though it is also known to act as a M5 receptor antagonist. It has been studied for the treatment of both Alzheimer's disease and schizophrenia, particularly the cognitive and negative symptoms, although gastrointestinal side effects led to a high drop-out rate in clinical trials. Despite this, xanomeline has been shown to have reasonable efficacy for the treatment of schizophrenia symptoms, and one recent human study found robust improvements in verbal learning and short-term memory associated with xanomeline treatment.

</doc>
<doc id="18508548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508548" title="Anatoly Adamishin">
Anatoly Adamishin

Anatoly Leonidovich Adamishin () (born 11 October 1934 in Kiev, Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic, USSR) is a Russian diplomat, politician and businessman.
Adamishin graduated from Moscow State University, and went on to work in various diplomatic posts in the central offices of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and abroad. 
From 1990 to 1992, Adamishin was the Ambassador of the Soviet Union, and then Russia to Italy. From 1994 to 1997, Adamishin was the Ambassador of Russia to the United Kingdom.
Adamishin speaks Russian, English, Italian, Ukrainian and French.

</doc>
<doc id="18508553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508553" title="Viktor Zvyahintsev">
Viktor Zvyahintsev

Viktor Oleksandrovych Zvyahintsev (, ; born October 22, 1950 in Stalino) is a retired Soviet football player.
International career.
Zvyahintsev made his debut for USSR on October 12, 1975 in a UEFA Euro 1976 qualifier against Switzerland (USSR did not qualify for the final tournament).

</doc>
<doc id="18508555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508555" title="Pullstring">
Pullstring

A pullstring (pull string, pull-string) or pullcord (pull cord, pull-cord) or pullchain (pull-chain, pull chain) is a string, cord, or chain wound on a spring-loaded spindle that engages a mechanism when it is pulled. It is most commonly used in toys and motorized equipment. More generally and commonly, a pullstring can be any type of string, cord, rope, chain, or cable attached to an object in some way used to pull or mechanically manipulate part of it.
Types.
Perhaps the simplest pullstring toy is the yo-yo (c. 460 BCE). The jumping jack (c. Ancient Egypt) is a more complicated animated puppet paperdoll that uses a pullstring to move its arms and legs up and down. Trompos and some spinning tops use a string that is wound around the top and then pulled to make it spin. More recent toys include dolls, such as Chatty Cathy (1959), Charmin' Chatty (1963), Talking Tamu (1970), Look Around Crissy (1972), Sky Dancers (1994), and Woody (from the 1995 3D animated film series "Toy Story"), that have a pullstring built into them that activates a speaker when it is pulled, causing the doll to say a built-in phrase. The Blythe doll (1972) has a pullstring that changes the doll's eye color. Other non-doll toys like See 'n Say (1965). The earliest patent with a pullstring included in it is an 1886 "Toy Bowling-Alley".
Many motorized lawn mowers, chainsaws, portable generators, and portable outboard motors use a pullstring or pullcord attached to a handle as a manual ignition device. Some vehicle engines are also started with pullchains, such as the early-1900s Puckridge, or pullcords, like the pre-release version of the Citroën 2CV car, and the DKW RT 125 scooter.
Some grenades like the German Models 24, 39, and 43 have pullcords. Some machine guns such as the M73 machine gun and M85 machine gun use a pullchain to charge and/or fire them.
Some types of window blinds and curtains use a cord pull to open, close, raise, and lower them. Some types of ladders like the extension ladder and attic ladder can have a pullstring that pulls it down from the ceiling. A dock plate can use a pullchain to move it. Some gates have a pullstring on its latch. A pull switch uses a chain or string to actuate a switch, commonly used in lighting and ceiling fans. Modern flush toilets use a pullchain attached to a lever that lifts the plunger to release water into the toilet bowl. The photoplayer uses pullchains to generate sound effects for silent films. Pre-1990s North American diesel locomotive train horns used a lever or pull cord to actuate an air valve. Older steam whistles were almost always actuated with a pull cord. A train's emergency brake can be a cord or chain that will stop the train when pulled. Older transit buses and trams/trolleys have a pullcord that a passenger can pull to signal the driver that they are requesting a stop. The Jaguar XK120 sports car's doors have no external handles so it uses an interior pullcord instead. Some grandfather clocks have a pullchain to raise the weights in order to wind the clock's gears. A lifejacket has a pullcord used to inflate it.
A bow string is perhaps the simplest type of pullstring that pulls a bow's ends together. A ripcord is a type of pullstring used to release a parachute. A drawstring is a type of 
pullstring used in many aspects of the fashion industry and in bags as a closing device.
Popular culture.
The 1988-90 animated cartoon TV series "Fantastic Maxs main character Max's talking alien toy doll FX has a pullstring. The 1994 educational video game ' features pullchains in one of its levels. Sheriff Woody, from the 1995 3D animated film series "Toy Story", is a talking doll with a pullstring. A short-lived sketch in 2004 on the late-night television talk show "Late Night with Conan O'Brien" featured a "Knight Rider" pullchain.

</doc>
<doc id="18508576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508576" title="Gold (The Fucking Am album)">
Gold (The Fucking Am album)

Gold is a 2004 album by The Fucking Am, a collaboration between The Fucking Champs and Trans Am. It was the second of two collaborations between the bands; they had previously recorded an EP in 2001 under the name TransChamps.

</doc>
<doc id="18508582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508582" title="Nicola Bombacci">
Nicola Bombacci

Nicola (also Nicolò) Bombacci (24 October 1879 – 28 April 1945), born at Civitella di Romagna, was an Italian Marxist socialist who was a member of the Italian Socialist Party in the late 19th and early 20th centuries, and who later became an Italian Fascist. Initially a friend and disciple of Lenin, in 1921 he became one of the founding fathers of the Italian Communist Party. Bombacci was a friend of future Italian Fascist dictator Benito Mussolini. Later in life, although he was not an official card-carrying member of the Fascist Party, Bombacci tried to help Mussolini legitimize the Italian Social Republic and relegitimize Italian Fascism after Mussolini was ousted as Prime Minister of the Kingdom of Italy.
He was the author of the economic theory of socialization in 1943.
Bombacci was shot on 28 April 1945 at Dongo (CO) where he had been captured along with Mussolini by Italian communist partisans. After his death, he was hung upside down at Piazzale Loreto in a public display, along with Mussolini, Clara Petacci, the head of the Republican Fascist Party Alessandro Pavolini, and others.

</doc>
<doc id="18508585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508585" title="Ann Gloria Daniel">
Ann Gloria Daniel

Ann Gloria Daniel (born c. 1934) is a beauty queen from Dade-City, Florida and she competed in the Miss Florida pageant and the Miss America pageant. 
Daniel won the Miss Florida title in the state pageant held back in 1954. She had previously placed 1st runner up in Miss America for 1955. For her talent portion of the competition, she demonstrated her skills as an accordionist. She still plays the accordion to this day.
Education.
Daniel attended the University of Florida for her undergraduate education.

</doc>
<doc id="18508603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508603" title="LGBT Equality Caucus">
LGBT Equality Caucus

The LGBT Equality Caucus formation was announced on June 4, 2008, by openly gay representatives Tammy Baldwin and Barney Frank. The caucus currently has 110 members (108 Democrats and 2 Republican) in the 113th United States Congress, and previously had 104 members (101 Democrats and 3 Republicans) in the 112th Congress and 91 members (90 Democrats and 1 Republican) during the 111th Congress. The caucus is co-chaired by six of the United States House of Representatives' seven openly LGB members: Representatives Jared Polis, David Cicilline, Sean Patrick Maloney, Kyrsten Sinema, Mark Pocan, and Mark Takano. Brad Jacklin serves as Executive Director.
Mission.
The mission of the caucus is to work for LGBT rights, the repeal of laws discriminatory against LGBT persons, the elimination of hate-motivated violence, and improved health and well-being for all persons, regardless of sexual orientation or gender identity or expression. The caucus serves as a resource for Members of Congress, their staffs, and the public on LGBT issues. Unlike the Congressional Black Caucus, famous for admitting only black members, the LGBT Equality Caucus admits any member who is willing to advance LGBT rights, regardless of their sexual identity or orientation.
Membership.
List of Caucus members in the 113th Congress:

</doc>
<doc id="18508615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508615" title="List of Roman Catholic dioceses in Bangladesh">
List of Roman Catholic dioceses in Bangladesh

The Roman Catholic Church in Bangladesh is composed of one ecclesiastical province headed by the Archdiocese of Dhaka, and 6 suffragan dioceses. 

</doc>
<doc id="18508625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508625" title="Weightlifting at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's 62 kg">
Weightlifting at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's 62 kg

The men's 62 kg weightlifting event was the second lightest men's event at the weightlifting competition, limiting competitors to a maximum of 62 kilograms of body mass. The whole competition took place on August 11, but was divided in two parts due to the number of competitors. Group B weightlifters competed at 10:00, and Group A, at 19:00. This event was the fifth weightlifting event to conclude.
Each lifter performed in both the snatch and clean and jerk lifts, with the final score being the sum of the lifter's best result in each. The athlete received three attempts in each of the two lifts; the score for the lift was the heaviest weight successfully lifted.
Schedule.
All times are China Standard Time ()
Records.
Prior to this competition, the existing world and Olympic records were as follows.

</doc>
<doc id="18508640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508640" title="Chhindwara (Lok Sabha constituency)">
Chhindwara (Lok Sabha constituency)

Chhindwara Lok Sabha constituency is one of the 29 Lok Sabha constituencies in Madhya Pradesh state in central India. This constituency came into existence in 1951, and it presently covers the entire Chhindwara district. It was a double member constituency from 1956–61, with one seat reserved for the candidates belonging to the Scheduled tribes.
Assembly segments.
Presently, since the delimitation of the parliamentary and legislative assembly constituencies in 2008, Chhindwara Lok Sabha constituency comprises the following seven Vidhan Sabha (Legislative Assembly) segments:

</doc>
<doc id="18508647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508647" title="Maehira-Kōen Station">
Maehira-Kōen Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagaragawa Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18508654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508654" title="Hylebos Creek">
Hylebos Creek

Hylebos Creek is a stream located in the U.S. state of Washington near Tacoma and emptying into Commencement Bay, part of Puget Sound. It flows through southern King County and northern Pierce County, through the cities of Tacoma, Federal Way, Milton, and Fife, as well as the Puyallup Indian Reservation.
Course.
The main stem of Hylebos Creek originates at an elevation of , in unincorporated King County just south of the interchange of Interstate 5 (I-5) and Washington State Route 18 (SR 18), at . It flows generally south, collecting small tributaries including one that drains Lake Killarney. The creek enters Federal Way, turns to the southwest, flows through a ravine and enters Pierce County and the city of Milton. Just east of I-5 the creek is joined by its main tributary, West Hylebos Creek. From there Hylebos Creek flows south close to I-5, then turns northwest. At the southern end of the creek's bend along I-5 it is joined by a long tributary from the east, which drains Surprise Lake. Parts of this tributary stream are channelized ditches running in straight lines and turning sharp 90-degree corners. Hylebos Creek continues northwest from this tributary's confluence, crossing a small corner of Fife's Lower Hylebos Nature Park before entering the Port of Tacoma, part of the city of Tacoma. The creek empties into Hylebos Waterway, an inlet of Commencement Bay and part of Puget Sound. The mouth of Hylebos Creek is located at , where Hylebos Waterway joins Commencement Bay. This final part of Hylebos Creek runs along the King-Pierce county line, which follows Hylebos Waterway to Puget Sound.
West Hylebos Creek originates at an elevation of , in Federal Way, King County in West Hylebos Wetlands Park, at . It flows generally south, collecting first an intermittent tributary stream flowing from Panther Lake in Panther Lake Park, then a long tributary rising from North Lake and the vicinity of The Commons shopping center, then flowing south along the west side of I-5. At the interchange of I-5 and SR-18 this tributary turns west toward West Hylebos Wetlands Park, then south, joining West Hylebos Creek in southern Federal Way. From this confluence, West Hylebos Creek continues south to join the main stem Hylebos Creek at , elevation . A significant portion of West Hylebos Creek's course consists of wetlands.
History.
Hylebos Creek is named after Peter Francis Hylebos, a Catholic priest born in Belgium who founded schools and hospitals in Washington Territory.

</doc>
<doc id="18508658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508658" title="Kamono Station">
Kamono Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagaragawa Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18508665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508665" title="Phnom Srok District">
Phnom Srok District

Phnom Srok District (, "Hillside Village") is a district ("srok") in the east of Banteay Meanchey Province, in north-western Cambodia. The district capital is Phnom Srok town located around 52 kilometres north east of the provincial capital of Sisophon by road. Phnom Srok District is the easternmost district of Banteay Meanchey. The district shares a border with both Siem Reap Province and Oddar Meanchey Province to the east. There are no major roads within the district and it is quite isolated.
The district can be accessed by road from Sisophon (52 km) or Siem Reap (city) (70 km). Though there are no major roads, numerous tertiary roads run through from the district centre to the nearby districts of Kralanh, Chong Kal, Svay Chek and Preah Net Preah. The district encompasses significant wetlands and the large Democratic Kampuchea era reservoir of Ang Trapaing Thmor. Due to its relative isolation, these wetlands are home to numerous rare and endangered bird species and 10,000 hectares within the district has been declared a nature reserve for the preservation of these species.
Ang Trapaing Thmor.
Located in the centre of the district, the Ang Trapaing Thmor Crane Sanctuary is a protected area which was gazetted on 1 January 1999. The sanctuary covers an area of 10,250 hectares and is found at 13° 52' 7"N, 103° 18' 4"E. The reserve was set aside to protect the rare Eastern Sarus Crane ("Grus antigone sharpii"). Prior to the discovery of the crane at Trapaing Thmor, there were thought to be fewer than 1,000 of the birds left alive in the world.
Location.
Phnom Srok district lies in the east of the province and shares a border with Siem Reap and Oddar Meanchey Provinces. Reading from the north clockwise, Phnom Srok borders with Banteay Ampil and Chong Kal districts of Oddar Meanchey province to the north. The eastern border of the district is shared with Srei Snam and Kralanh districts of Siem Reap province. The Sreng River also forms part of the district boundary towards the east. To the south the district shares a border with Preah Net Preah District of Banteay Meanchey. The western border of the district joins with Svay Chek and Thmor Pouk districts also of Banteay Meanchey.
Administration.
Mr. Kim Chhoung is the Governor of Phnom Srok district. He reports to His Excellency Oung Ouen, the Governor of Banteay Meanchey. The following table shows the villages of Phnom Srok district by commune.
Demographics.
The district is subdivided into 6 communes ("khum") and 55 villages ("phum"). According to the 1998 Census, the population of the district was 45,251 persons in 8,675 households in 1998. This population consisted of 21,768 males (48.1%) and 23,483 females (51.9%). With a population of over 45,000 people, Phnom Srok has one of the smallest district populations in Banteay Meanchey province. Only Malai District is smaller. The average household size in Phnom Srok is 5.2 persons per household, which is exactly the same as the rural average for Cambodia (5.2 persons). The sex ratio in the district is 92.7%, with slightly more females than males.

</doc>
<doc id="18508666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508666" title="Billy Williamson (footballer)">
Billy Williamson (footballer)

William Davidson 'Billy' Williamson (born 29 September 1952) is a Scottish ex-professional footballer who played for Kirkconnel F.C., Aberdeen F.C., Dundee United and Dundee. Williamson played in two Scottish League Cup Finals winning the trophy once.
Career.
Billy Williamson was born in Dumfries. He scored 25 goals in what he played for Kirkconnel F.C. in the 1969/70 season.
Billy Williamson joined Aberdeen in 1969. In 1975 Billy Williamson scored a hat-trick for Aberdeen in the 3-2 win against Celtic when playing at the time in midfield. He became only the second player at the time to score three or more goals in a single game playing for Aberdeen against Celtic, following in the footseps of George Hamilton. Williamson picked up a winners medal from the 1976 Scottish League Cup Final 2-1 victory against Celtic. In his 93 league appearances he scored 18 goals.
In 1976 Billy Williamson became only the second player to transfer directly from Aberdeen to Dundee United. His stay at Tannadice was short with his league appearances adding up to only 11 games in which he scored once. Williamson in 1977 became the fourth player to transfer directly from Dundee United to Dundee. In his 87 league appearances he scored 22 goals. Williamson was a member of the Dundee team which contested the 1980 Scottish League Cup final with Dundee United, losing 3-0. Williamson then played for Brisbane Lions in Australia.
Honours.
Scottish League Cup:

</doc>
<doc id="18508671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508671" title="Tomika Station">
Tomika Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagaragawa Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18508683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508683" title="Seki-Tomioka Station">
Seki-Tomioka Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagaragawa Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18508684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508684" title="Countries of the United Kingdom">
Countries of the United Kingdom

Countries of the United Kingdom is a term that can be used to describe England, Northern Ireland, Scotland and Wales: the four parts of the United Kingdom. Prior to 1922, the entire island of Ireland rather than just Northern Ireland was one of the countries. The alternative term "Home Nations" is also used, although today this is mainly in sporting contexts and may still include all of the island of Ireland.
The United Kingdom, a sovereign state under international law, is a member of intergovernmental organisations, the European Union and the United Nations. England, Northern Ireland, Scotland and Wales are not themselves listed in the International Organization for Standardization (ISO) list of countries. However the ISO list of the subdivisions of the UK is supplied by British Standards and the Office for National Statistics and so uses "country" to describe England, Scotland and Wales. Northern Ireland, in contrast, is described as a "province" in the same lists. The Parliament of the United Kingdom and Government of the United Kingdom deal with all reserved matters for Northern Ireland and Scotland and all non-transferred matters for Wales, but not in general matters that have been devolved to the Northern Ireland Assembly, Scottish Parliament and National Assembly for Wales. Additionally, devolution in Northern Ireland is conditional on co-operation between the Northern Ireland Executive and the Government of Ireland (see North/South Ministerial Council). The Government of the United Kingdom also consults with the Government of Ireland to reach agreement on some non-devolved matters for Northern Ireland (see British-Irish Intergovernmental Conference). England remains the full responsibility of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, which is centralised in London.
England, Northern Ireland, Scotland and Wales each have separate national governing bodies for sports and compete separately in many international sporting competitions, including the Commonwealth Games. Northern Ireland also forms joint All-Island sporting bodies with the Republic of Ireland for most sports, including rugby union.
The Channel Islands and the Isle of Man are dependencies of the British Crown but not part of the UK or of the European Union. Collectively, the United Kingdom, the Channel Islands and the Isle of Man are referred to in UK law as the "British Islands". Similarly, the British overseas territories, remnants of the British Empire scattered around the globe, are not constitutionally part of the UK. Formerly, the whole of Ireland was a country of the United Kingdom. The Republic of Ireland is the sovereign state formed from the portion of Ireland that seceded from the United Kingdom in 1922. Although part of the geographical British Isles, the Republic of Ireland is not part of the United Kingdom.
Terminology.
Various terms have been used to describe England, Northern Ireland, Scotland and Wales.
Acts of Parliament.
Current legal terminology.
The Interpretation Act 1978 provides statutory definitions of the terms 'England', 'Wales' and 'the United Kingdom', but neither that Act nor any other current statute defines 'Scotland' or 'Northern Ireland'. Use of the first three terms in other legislation is interpreted following the definitions in the 1978 Act. The definitions in the 1978 Act are listed below:
In the Scotland Act 1998 there is no delineation of Scotland, with the definition in section 126 simply providing that Scotland includes "so much of the internal waters and territorial sea of the United Kingdom as are adjacent to Scotland". 
The Parliamentary Voting System and Constituencies Act 2011 refers to England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland as ""parts"" of the United Kingdom in the following clause: "Each constituency shall be wholly in one of the four parts of the United Kingdom (England, Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland)."
"Regions": For purposes of NUTS 1 collection of statistical data in a format that is compatible with similar data that is collected elsewhere in the European Union, the United Kingdom has been divided into twelve regions of approximately equal size. Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland are regions in their own right while England has been divided into nine regions.
The official term rest of the UK (RUK or rUK) is used in Scotland, for example in export statistics and in legislating for student funding.
Identity and nationality.
According to the British Social Attitudes Survey, there are broadly two interpretations of British identity, with ethnic and civic dimensions:
Of the two perspectives of British identity, the civic definition has become the dominant idea and in this capacity, Britishness is sometimes considered an institutional or overarching state identity. This has been used to explain why first-, second- and third-generation immigrants are more likely to describe themselves as British, rather than English, Scottish or Welsh, because it is an "institutional, inclusive" identity, that can be acquired through naturalisation and British nationality law; the vast majority of people in the United Kingdom who are from an ethnic minority feel British. However, this attitude is more common in England than in Scotland or Wales; "white English people perceived themselves as English first and as British second, and most people from ethnic minority backgrounds perceived themselves as British, but none identified as English, a label they associated exclusively with white people". Contrariwise, in Scotland and Wales "there was a much stronger
identification with each country than with Britain. "
Studies and surveys have reported that the majority of the Scots and Welsh see themselves as both Scottish/Welsh and British though with some differences in emphasis. The Commission for Racial Equality found that with respect to notions of nationality in Britain, "the most basic, objective and uncontroversial conception of the British people is one that includes the English, the Scots and the Welsh". However, "English participants tended to think of themselves as indistinguishably English or British, while both Scottish and Welsh participants identified themselves much more readily as Scottish or Welsh than as British". Some persons opted "to combine both identities" as "they felt Scottish or Welsh, but held a British passport and were therefore British", whereas others saw themselves as exclusively Scottish or exclusively Welsh and "felt quite divorced from the British, whom they saw as the English". Commentators have described this latter phenomenon as "nationalism", a rejection of British identity because some Scots and Welsh interpret it as "cultural imperialism imposed" upon the United Kingdom by "English ruling elites", or else a response to a historical misappropriation of equating the word "English" with "British", which has "brought about a desire among Scots, Welsh and Irish to learn more about their heritage and distinguish themselves from the broader British identity". The propensity for nationalistic feeling varies greatly across the UK, and can rise and fall over time.
The state-funded Northern Ireland Life and Times Survey, running since 1998 as part of a joint project between the University of Ulster and Queen's University Belfast, addressed the issue of identity in 2009. It reported that 35% of people identified as British, whilst 32% identified as Irish and 27% identified as Northern Irish. 2% opted to identify themselves as Ulster, whereas 4% stated other. Of the two main religious groups, 63% of Protestants identified as British as did 6% of Catholics; 66% of Catholics identified as Irish as did 3% of Protestants. 29% of Protestants and 23% of Catholics identified as Northern Irish.
Following devolution and the significant broadening of autonomous governance throughout the UK in the late 1990s, debate has taken place across the United Kingdom on the relative value of full independence.
Competitions.
England, Northern Ireland, Scotland and Wales each have separate national governing bodies for sports and compete separately in many international sporting competitions. Each country of the United Kingdom has a national football team, and competes as a separate national team at the various disciplines in the Commonwealth Games. At the Olympic Games, the United Kingdom is represented by the Great Britain and Northern Ireland team, although athletes from Northern Ireland can choose to join the Republic of Ireland's Olympic team. Also in addition to Northern Ireland having its own national governing bodies for some sports such as Association football and Netball, for others, such as rugby union and cricket, Northern Ireland also participates with the Republic of Ireland in a joint All-Island team. England and Wales also field a joint cricket team.
The United Kingdom also competes in the Eurovision Song Contest as the United Kingdom, as it does at the Olympic Games.

</doc>
<doc id="18508691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508691" title="Valeriy Zuyev">
Valeriy Zuyev

Valeriy Leonidovych Zuyev (), ); (born November 5, 1952 in Kiev, in the Ukrainian SSR of the Soviet Union) is a retired Soviet football player and a current Ukrainian coach.
International career.
Zuyev played his only game for USSR on November 23, 1975 in a UEFA Euro 1976 qualifier against Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="18508705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508705" title="Seki-guchi Station">
Seki-guchi Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagaragawa Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18508708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508708" title="Greenwood Cup Stakes">
Greenwood Cup Stakes

The Greenwood Cup Stakes is an American Thoroughbred horse race run annually each summer at Philadelphia Park Racetrack in Bensalem, Pennsylvania. Open to three-year-olds and up, the ungraded stakes event is set at a distance of 1½ miles on dirt. The race offers a purse of $200,000 plus $50,000 from the Breeders' Cup.
The race is named for Greenwood Racing, Inc. who purchased Philadelphia Park in December 1990.
Part of the Breeders' Cup Challenge series, the winner of the 2008 and 2009 Greenwood Cup Stakes automatically qualifies for the Breeders' Cup Marathon. [http://www.breederscup.com/challenge.aspx]

</doc>
<doc id="18508720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508720" title="List of Roman Catholic dioceses in Taiwan">
List of Roman Catholic dioceses in Taiwan

The Roman Catholic Church in Taiwan is composed of one ecclesiastical province, and 6 suffragan dioceses. 

</doc>
<doc id="18508721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508721" title="Hamonokaikan-mae Station">
Hamonokaikan-mae Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagaragawa Railway
 

</doc>
<doc id="18508731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508731" title="Seki Station (Gifu)">
Seki Station (Gifu)

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagaragawa Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18508736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508736" title="Seki-Shiyakusho-mae Station">
Seki-Shiyakusho-mae Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagaragawa Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18508737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508737" title="She's like a Star">
She's like a Star

"She's like a Star" is a song written, produced and performed by British singer and songwriter Taio Cruz. It was released on 18 August 2008 as the fifth single from his debut studio album "Departure" (2008). An R&B ballad, the lyrics of "She's like a Star" are about the theme of parenthood, an idea which inspired Cruz to compose the song. The song was remixed to feature vocals from English girl group Sugababes and American rapper Busta Rhymes. It received generally mixed reviews from critics, who were ambivalent towards the composition. Upon release, it peaked at number twenty on the UK Singles Chart. The song's music video features "Hollyoaks" actress Roxanne McKee as Cruz's love interest. Cruz performed the song with the Sugababes at the 2008 MOBO Awards ceremony, and at Radio 1's Big Weekend 2011.
Background and composition.
"She's Like a Star" was written and produced by Taio Cruz for his debut studio album "Departure" (2008). He composed the song in the middle of 2007, towards the completion of the album's recording, and was inspired to write it based on the idea of parenthood. During an interview with "Sugar", Cruz explained that the song has a double meaning behind it: 
Release and reception.
"She's like a Star" is the fifth single from "Departure", and was released in the United Kingdom on 18 August 2008. There are several remixes of the song, including one by Cahill which is more uptempo than the original version. A remix that features vocals from English girl group Sugababes and American rapper Busta Rhymes was also released. According to the "Daily Mirror", the collaboration came about when they ran into each other at the Hot 97 studios in New York City. The remix appears on the Sugababes' sixth studio album "Catfights and Spotlights" (2008).
Critical response.
Alex Fletcher of Digital Spy rated the song three out of five stars and stated that it is "undoubtedly" one of the album's low points. Additionally, he criticised the song's lack of "bravado and pizazz" in comparison to Cruz's previous singles "I Can Be" and "Come On Girl". Andy Welch of the "Halesowen News" described it as "a fine example of a Brit doing R&B as well as the Americans", but was unimpressed with the child's voice sample. Hazel Robinson from the BBC Chart Blog gave the song a full five-star rating, and wrote that its composition and musical arrangement produced a song that sounds natural and "pretty extraordinary". The reviewer admitted that while "She's like a Star" was not the best track from "Departure", it sounds "infinitely cooler" than the album's previous single "I Can Be". "Daily Record"'s Rick Fulton praised "She's like a Star" as "one of the best R&B sounds to come out of the UK". "She's like a Star" earned Cruz a MOBO Award nomination for Best UK Male.
Chart performance.
The song debuted at number 44 on the UK Singles Chart in the issue dated 16 August 2008. It peaked at number 20 three weeks later, and spent a total of 15 weeks on the chart. "She's like a Star" became Cruz's fifth consecutive top-thirty hit in the United Kingdom, and outpeaked the album's first two singles "I Just Wanna Know" and "Moving On".
Promotion.
Music video.
The music video for "She's like a Star" was filmed in Spain. It features an appearance from the actress Roxanne McKee, known for her role as Louise in the British television soap opera "Hollyoaks", in which she plays Cruz's love interest. Cruz, who is friends with McKee, explained how the collaboration came about, saying: 
Most scenes of the video take place in a large house. Throughout the video, the pair are touching and kissing with each other, and McKee is shown in the bathtub. In the concluding scenes, she leaves the house and is depicted as a bright star that travels towards the sky, while Cruz stands in front of the house by the pool.
Live performances.
The singer performed "She's like a Star" at the O2 Academy Sheffield, England in August 2008 along with many other tracks from "Departure". The Sugababes, along with Cruz, performed the song as part of a medley with their single "Girls" at the 2008 MOBO Awards ceremony. Cruz performed it on MTV Live Sessions along with many of his previous and follow-up singles. He performed "She's like a Star" on 15 May 2011 at Radio 1's Big Weekend, as the fourth song on the set list, which included his hits "Break Your Heart", "Higher" and "Dynamite".

</doc>
<doc id="18508739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508739" title="List of Roman Catholic dioceses in Sri Lanka">
List of Roman Catholic dioceses in Sri Lanka

The Roman Catholic Church in Sri Lanka is composed of one ecclesiastical province with an archdiocese and 11 suffragan dioceses.

</doc>
<doc id="18508742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508742" title="Seki-Shimouchi Station">
Seki-Shimouchi Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagaragawa Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18508750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508750" title="Matsumori Station">
Matsumori Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagaragawa Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18508751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508751" title="Bradd Dalziell">
Bradd Dalziell

Bradd Dalziell (born ) was an Australian rules footballer for the West Coast Eagles in the Australian Football League (AFL). He was drafted to the Brisbane Lions with selection 52 of 2007 AFL National Draft from the East Fremantle Football Club in the West Australian Football League.
WAFL.
Bradd Dalziell struggled during the 2007 WAFL season as he broke his arm and missed half of the season, but despite his injury he received earlier on the season, he still managed to win Best and Fairest for the East Fremantle reserves team grand final. Bradd Dalziell also made 3 appearance for East Fremantle senior team. Despite the lack of senior performances, but Brisbane Lions' WA recruiting assistant Graeme Hadley (father of former Lions' and current player Richard Hadley) spotted his talent as mature age recruit.
AFL.
Brisbane Lions.
During the preseason training, Bradd Dalziell broke Brisbane Lion's beep test record, which was previously held by Simon Black. During start of the season, he spent time with Suncoast Lions and helped them perform well against many AFLQ opponents. Brad Dalziell was called up to replace Troy Selwood who was omitted from the senior team due to his poor performance against Essendon Bombers. He debuted against West Coast Eagles and made huge impact as he was credited with 32 disposals, breaking the AFL record (since 1992) for most disposals made on debut (Fremantle's Paul Hasleby's 30 in 2000 the previous highest). Brisbane coach, Leigh Matthews praised Dalziell as his performance was "beyond wildest dream" and was surprised by his ability to adapt quickly to the game.
In Round 18 against Nth Melbourne Kangaroos at Gold Coast Stadium, Bradd Dalziell again has shown his potential as an AFL star as he had career high 34 possessions.
In round 20 against Western Bulldogs, Bradd Dalziell scored his first goal from tight boundary and also he had 27 possessions.
In the Round 21 loss to at The Gabba, Dalziell had 32 disposals and picked up the Rising Star nomination.
Bradd Dalziell was in the Velocity Sports Cup (AFLQ) Team of the Year for his good performance in AFLQ season and AFL matches with Brisbane Lions, which was announced at the AFLQ Awards Night at the Royal on the Park Hotel. He was named on a half-forward flank with fellow Lions players, Albert Proud (ruck-rover) and Scott Clouston (interchange).
West Coast Eagles.
Dalziell was traded to the West Coast Eagles for Brent Staker and West Coast's third round draft pick (#39 overall) at the end of the 2009 season. The deal also saw Sydney's Amon Buchanan move to the Brisbane Lions and Eagle Mark Seaby move to the Swans. Brad Dalziell was delisted at the end of the 2013 AFL season.

</doc>
<doc id="18508759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508759" title="Valeri Zykov">
Valeri Zykov

Valeri Borisovich Zykov () (born February 24, 1944 in Gorky) is a retired Soviet football player. Since 1991 he works in FC Dynamo Moscow, taking care of retired Dynamo players.
International career.
Zykov made his debut for USSR on May 6, 1970 in a friendly against Bulgaria. He also played in UEFA Euro 1972 qualifiers (he did not play in the final tournament).

</doc>
<doc id="18508762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508762" title="Minoshi Station">
Minoshi Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagaragawa Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18508764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508764" title="List of Roman Catholic dioceses in Indonesia">
List of Roman Catholic dioceses in Indonesia

The Roman Catholic Church in Indonesia is composed of 10 archdioceses and 27 dioceses which form 10 ecclesiastical provinces. Indonesia also has a military ordinariate.

</doc>
<doc id="18508778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508778" title="Umeyama Station">
Umeyama Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagaragawa Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18508787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508787" title="List of Roman Catholic dioceses in Pakistan">
List of Roman Catholic dioceses in Pakistan

The Roman Catholic Church in Pakistan is composed of 2 episcopal territories, 4 suffragan dioceses and an apostolic vicariate.

</doc>
<doc id="18508791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508791" title="Yunohora-Onsen-guchi Station">
Yunohora-Onsen-guchi Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagaragawa Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18508803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508803" title="Track gauge in India">
Track gauge in India

Railway track gauge in India is complicated by historical usage of multiple track gauges. 
Indian Railways uses four gauges:
Project Unigauge that started in 1991 seeks to standardise the rail gauges in India by converting most of the MG and NG tracks to BG track. Some NG tracks on which heritage trains run in hilly regions to Shimla, Darjeeling, Ooty, Kangra, and Matheran will not be converted.
Delhi Metro Rail Corporation constructed Standard Gauge (SG) in Delhi in 2010 and runs metro trains on of standard gauge in 2014. However, Delhi Metro is a separate urban mass rapid transit system not owned by Indian Railways.
Overview.
BG is the most widely used rail gauge in India with approximately of track length and of route length in 2014. In some regions MG is common for historical reasons and consists of about of route length, down from more than in late 1970s. Narrow gauges are present on a few routes lying in hilly terrains and in some private railways because of cost considerations. Narrow gauges covered less than route length in 2014.
Nilgiri Mountain Railway, Darjeeling Himalayan Railway, Kalka-Shimla Railway, Kangra Valley Railway, and Matheran Hill Railway are notable hill lines that use NG.
Broad Gauge.
The Governor-General of India in the 1850s chose BG for India rather than the SG. The two main reasons given were greater stability during periods of high wind and unpredictable weather and greater space between the wheels for bigger inside cylinders (although this ceased to be a problem when outside cylinders were introduced).
The inability to source standard equipment was not seen to be a problem or was overlooked. The extra cost of longer sleepers was not considered to be a problem, though later the cost saving of shorter sleepers with MG was considered to be an advantage.
Standard Gauge.
Small lengths of SG have existed in India for individual projects and short line lengths. The only surviving example was the Kolkata (Calcutta) tram system until 2010 when Delhi Metro Rail Corporation started metro train on SG track on Mundka-Inderlok-Kirti Nagar sections and on Central Secretariat-Badarpur sections. More standard gauge tracks will become operational in 2015.
Metre Gauge.
In the 1880s, when the BG tracks had been laid over some routes, another Governor-General considered the introduction of infill MG lines to reduce the cost.
Narrow Gauge.
Narrow gauges are present on a few routes lying in hilly terrains and in some private railways because of cost considerations. Narrow gauges covered a total of route length in 2011.
NG railway tracks were constructed for cost considerations, and because simpler engineering permitting sharp turns in hilly regions. The argument was that if money could be saved building MG, then presumably "more" money could be saved by building NG. The design process during construction was taken to its extreme, with the gauge being carefully chosen to optimise costs for the traffic offering. The result being that each line might be a different gauge, even if it would have been more useful to have a through service.

</doc>
<doc id="18508804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508804" title="Suhara Station (Gifu)">
Suhara Station (Gifu)

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagaragawa Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18508808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508808" title="Phnom Dei Commune">
Phnom Dei Commune

Phnom Dei is a khum (commune) of Phnom Srok District in Banteay Meanchey Province in western Cambodia.

</doc>
<doc id="18508817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508817" title="Hanno Station (Gifu)">
Hanno Station (Gifu)

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagaragawa Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18508824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508824" title="Konno Station">
Konno Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagaragawa Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18508826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508826" title="Samuel Boulanger">
Samuel Boulanger

Samuel Boulanger (born May 8, 1909 in Saint-Isidore, Quebec, Canada-died July 13, 1989) was a Canadian politician, agrologist, manager, manufacturer and teacher. He was elected to the Canadian House of Commons in 1957 as an Independent Liberal to represent the riding of Drummond—Arthabaska. He joined the Liberal Party and was elected in 1958. He was defeated in the elections of 1962 and in 1965, the last as an independent.

</doc>
<doc id="18508845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508845" title="Liberty Building">
Liberty Building

Liberty Building may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18508853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508853" title="Military light utility vehicle">
Military light utility vehicle

A military light utility vehicle is a small, jeep-like four-wheel drive vehicle designed for military use. They are usually short and relatively light compared to other trucks and cars, are unarmored and have short body overhangs for all-terrain mobility and at least 4 passenger capacity. 
Civilian adaptations of the Willys MB Jeep and Land Rover were the first sport utility vehicles, and some SUVs such as the Chevy Blazer have been used as Military Light Utility Vehicles.
The importance of this class of military vehicle was summed up by General Dwight Eisenhower who said that the four most important US weapons in World War II were the C-47 Skytrain, the bazooka, the jeep, and the atom bomb, and similar vehicles are among the most common military vehicles in armies of most nations.
Jeep-class vehicles.
The Willys MB Jeep of World War II used by the U.S. Army is perhaps the most widely known vehicle of this class. Over 640,000 Jeeps were built for World War II, and they inspired many vehicles similar in layout, or function. The M38A1 Jeep was used in the Korean War. It was followed by the Vietnam-era M151 MUTT, which was designed by Ford. By the mid-1980s, this role would be taken over by the larger Humvee, which would be used as a combat vehicle in Iraq. The United States also purchased Commercial Utility Cargo Vehicles based on commercially available light trucks. U.S. forces are currently defining the Joint Light Tactical Vehicle which would be designed to be armored from the outset, with the smallest 4-person payload capacity class corresponding to the traditional jeep role.
In World War II, Germany used the Volkswagen Kübelwagen for a similar role. It had two-wheel drive, but took advantage of light weight and a rear-mounted engine for mobility. American dune buggies were also based on the Volkswagen, and the Desert Storm-era Desert Patrol Vehicle evolved from the dune buggy configuration for combat use.
The Volkswagen Schwimmwagen incorporated a boat-like body and propulsion screw. The Jeep was similarly adapted as the Ford GPA "Seep", but was never as successful as the Schwimmwagen which became the most mass-produced amphibious car in history, and arguably the most capable light military wheeled off-roader in World War II.
The Soviet Union produced the GAZ-64 based largely on the US jeep design, succeeded by the GAZ-67. That series was replaced by the UAZ-469 commander jeep which was introduced in 1973.
In 1948, the British Land Rover was developed. Originally intended to be a civilian and agricultural successor to the Willys Jeep (the prototype Land Rover was built on the chassis of a Willys and used Willys transmission parts but production vehicles used no Jeep components) the Land Rover was brought into military service in 1949, becoming the standard Light Utility Vehicle for the British Army and many armed forces of the Commonwealth. The original Land Rover design evolved into the modern-day Land Rover Defender which is still in military service throughout the world. 
In the 1960s, China's Beijing Automobile Works produced its own "jeep", the BJ212 which was largely a Chinese copy of the Soviet UAZ-469B. Often called the “Beijing Jeep”, the BJ121 was widely used in both military and civilian service in China, with over 200,000 produced by end of production in 1983. In May 1983, American Motors Corporation (AMC) agreed to allow the updated BJ2020S to use the 85hp engine of the XJ Jeep Cherokee. The latest Chinese light utility will be the BJ2022JC 'Brave Warrior', built by Beijing Benz-DaimlerChrysler Automobile Co. Adapted from existing Mercedes Benz designs, the BJ2022JC will carry 0.7 ton, with a wheelbase of 110 inches, and has an independent suspension system with a 101.5 kW 3.2 L turbo-charged inter-cooling diesel engine.
HMMWV-like vehicles.
The HMMWV layout is larger and wider than the original jeep, and inspired another generation of similar vehicles.

</doc>
<doc id="18508859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508859" title="Futureworld (album)">
Futureworld (album)

Futureworld is the fourth full-length album by Trans Am, released in 1999. The album is the first that the band use lyrics in their songs, done using vocoder synthesis.

</doc>
<doc id="18508860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508860" title="Yasaka Station (Gifu)">
Yasaka Station (Gifu)

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagaragawa Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18508877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508877" title="Minami-Kodakara-Onsen Station">
Minami-Kodakara-Onsen Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagaragawa Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18508883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508883" title="Margarete Neumann">
Margarete Neumann

Margarete Neumann (February 19, 1917 – March 4, 2002) was a German writer and lyrical poet.
Life.
Margarete Neumann was born in Pyritz, Pomerania, German Empire. She studied at the social educational seminar in Königsberg and worked until 1945 as a welfare worker in Heilsberg. After being expelled from Poland to Germany in 1945, she was a farmer in Mecklenburg and a welder in Halle (Saale). Since 1952 she lived as a free lance writer in Hohen Neuendorf then in Neubrandenburg after 1961. She was allowed as a partisanship writer and advocate of socialist realism in East Germany.
After the "Wende", Neumann lived in Sousse, Tunisia from 1991 to 2001. She succumbed to cancer on March 4, 2002 in Rostock. The grave of the author is found in Mallin.

</doc>
<doc id="18508897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508897" title="Ōya Station (Gifu)">
Ōya Station (Gifu)

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagaragawa Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18508920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508920" title="Fukuno Station (Gifu)">
Fukuno Station (Gifu)

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagaragawa Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18508929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508929" title="Oceana Fine">
Oceana Fine

Oceana Fine is a 1989 Miles Franklin literary award winning novel by the Australian author Tom Flood.

</doc>
<doc id="18508932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508932" title="Weightlifting at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's 69 kg">
Weightlifting at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's 69 kg

The men's 69 kg weightlifting event was the third lightest men's event at the weightlifting competition, limiting competitors to a maximum of 69 kilograms of body mass. The competition took place between August 11 and 12 and was divided in three parts due to the large amount of competitors. Group C weightlifters competed at 12:30 on the 11th, Group B competed at 10:00 on the 12th, and Group A at 19:00. This event was the seventh Weightlifting event to conclude.
Each lifter performed in both the snatch and clean and jerk lifts, with the final score being the sum of the lifter's best result in each. The athlete received three attempts in each of the two lifts; the score for the lift was the heaviest weight successfully lifted.
Schedule.
All times are China Standard Time ()
Records.
Prior to this competition, the existing world and Olympic records were as follows.

</doc>
<doc id="18508939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508939" title="Minami-Kariyasu Station">
Minami-Kariyasu Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagaragawa Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18508943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508943" title="Grand chant">
Grand chant

The gran(d) chan(t) (courtois) or, in modern French, (grande) chanson courtoise or "chanson d'amour", often abbreviated "chanson", was a genre of Old French lyric poetry devised by the trouvères. It was adopted from the Occitan "canso" of the troubadours, but scholars stress that it was a distinct genre. The predominant theme of the "grand chant" was courtly love, but topics were more broad than in the "canso", especially after the thirteenth century. The monophonic "grand chant" of the High Middle Ages (12th–13th centuries) was in many respects the predecessor of the polyphonic "chanson" of the Late Middle Ages (14th–15th centuries). 

</doc>
<doc id="18508944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508944" title="Len Lungo">
Len Lungo

Len Lungo is a Scottish champion race horse trainer and former jockey.
Born 1949.
Len Lungo is based at Hetland Hill stables in Dumfriesshire overlooking the Solway Firth.
In 2001 Len Lungo's work was impacted due to government placed restrictions regarding animals in light of the foot and mouth disaster.
Len Lungo broke the late Ken Oliver's Scottish record for the most wins in a National Hunt season. Lungo extended that record again in subsequent years setting a new personal best of 63 winners in season 2002-3. In the two seasons following, the number of winners dropped to 47 and 56, still comfortably ahead of any other Scottish trainer but disappointing by the high standards he sets himself.
As of June 2009 it has been reported by the Elite Racing Club that Len is "cutting back his training interests" with a view to letting out the train facilities at Carrutherstown.
Away from horses.
Len Lungo is a fan of Dumfries football club Queen of the South.

</doc>
<doc id="18508947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508947" title="Jablonski by Pahls v. United States">
Jablonski by Pahls v. United States

Jablonski by Pahls v. United States, 712 F.2d 391 (9th Cir. 1983) is a landmark case in which the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals determined that a mental health professional's duty to predict dangerousness includes consulting a patient's prior records, and that their duty to protect includes the involuntary commitment of a dangerous individual; simply warning the foreseeable victim is insufficient.
Facts.
Mr. Jablonski was dating Ms. Kimball but had threatened to kill her and her mother (Ms. Pahls). After one incident that culminated in a threat towards her mother, she took him to the Loma Linda VA Hospital, where the doctor conducted a risk assessment, but did not consult his prior records; which documented a history of violent behavior. Based on this incomplete data, he determined erroneously that Jablonski was not a danger to himself or others and released him. He warned Ms. Kimball to leave Jablonski but did not warn her of his potential for violence. When he was released, he killed her.
Ruling.
The court ruled that the doctor's failure to secure the patient's previous records constituted negligence, as the information in his files would have affected the risk assessment and thus the actions taken to protect the foreseeable victim.
Legacy.
The legal precedent set by this case extends the duty of the mental health professional to secure previous records when conducting a risk assessment, and the duty to protect to include the involuntary hospitalization of a dangerous individual.

</doc>
<doc id="18508948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508948" title="Nikolay Afanasevsky">
Nikolay Afanasevsky

Nikolay Nikolaevich Afanasevsky () (1 October 1940 – 23 June 2005) was a Russian diplomat.
Born in Moscow, Afanasevsky graduated from the Moscow State Institute of International Relations in 1964, and he went on to work in various diplomatic posts in the central offices of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and abroad. 
From 1990 to 1992, he was the Ambassador of the Soviet Union in Belgium and continued as the Russian Ambassador until 1994. Appointment as Ambassador to France followed from January 1999 to March 2002, and was appointed as Ambassador of Russia to Poland from March 2002 until his death in Warsaw on 23 June 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="18508961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508961" title="The Great World">
The Great World

The Great World is a 1990 Miles Franklin literary award winning novel by the Australian author David Malouf.

</doc>
<doc id="18508966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508966" title="David Owen (Brutus)">
David Owen (Brutus)

David Owen (?December 1796 - 16 January 1866, known by the pseudonym Brutus, was a Welsh satirical writer, editor and preacher.
He was born in Llanpumsaint, Carmarthenshire where he was brought up as a Congregationalist. Thereafter he spent periods of time in other parts working as a schoolmaster. After a troublous stretch working as a Baptist minister he turned his back on Nonconformity to join the Church of England, where he worked as editor of "Yr Haul", the magazine of what was then the Anglican Church in Wales. He published a number of books on religious matters, which became widely used. He also wrote sizeable autobiographies on the great Welsh Nonconformist preachers John Elias and Christmas Evans.
David Owen is buried in the churchyard of the small village of Llywel in Powys.

</doc>
<doc id="18508968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508968" title="Akaike Station (Gifu)">
Akaike Station (Gifu)

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagaragawa Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18508984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508984" title="List of Roman Catholic dioceses in Africa">
List of Roman Catholic dioceses in Africa


</doc>
<doc id="18508986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18508986" title="Llywel">
Llywel

Llywel is a small village that gives its name to Llywel community in Powys, Wales. The main settlement in the community is Trecastle. According to the 2001 Census the population of Llywel community is 524.
Location.
Llywel village is located on the A40 road, about 8 miles West of Sennybridge. The River Gwydderig runs through the village, not far from its source.
Etymology.
Llywel, occasionally referred to in texts as Llowel, is believed to be the name of a minor Welsh Saint. He is said to have been a disciple of Saint Teilo and Saint Dyfrig.
Church of St David.
Church.
The Church of Saint David (Welsh: "Eglwys Dewi Sant") is found in Llywel. It is said to have originally been dedicated to three saints: David, Darn (Paternus), and Teilo; and known as Llantrisant. Its name was changed when it was granted to the Chapter of Saint David sometime between 1203 and 1229
The church displays Perpendicular Gothic architecture. In the churchyard is buried the 19th Century Welsh writer and preacher David Owen (Brutus).
Llywel Stone.
An Ogham stone known as the "Llywel Stone" (because it was brought to the attention of the museum by the local vicar) that was found at the church is now on display at the British Museum. The inscription on the stone is 'MACCVTRENI + SALICIDVNI'. The stone to be found within the church at nearby Defynnog is probably in better condition. 
The British Museum describes the ""Llywel Stone" as a 'standing stone / gate-post'. A photograph and further description may be found at:
http://www.britishmuseum.org/research/search_the_collection_database/search_object_details.aspx?objectid=95579&partid=1
The National Park booklet:
http://www.breconbeacons.org/visit-us/about-the-brecon-beacons/field-monuments/view
provides a drawing of the Llywel Stone and states that copies reside with Llywel Church and the Brecknockshire museum in Brecon.
The Llywel Stone was found close to a nearby farm:
http://www.ucl.ac.uk/archaeology/cisp/database/site/tcstl.html

</doc>
<doc id="18509011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509011" title="Fukado Station">
Fukado Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagaragawa Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18509023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509023" title="Aioi Station (Gifu)">
Aioi Station (Gifu)

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagaragawa Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18509025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509025" title="LIAT destinations">
LIAT destinations

LIAT serves the following scheduled destinations as of July 2011:

</doc>
<doc id="18509033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509033" title="Gujō-Hachiman Station">
Gujō-Hachiman Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagaragawa Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18509039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509039" title="Shizen'en-mae Station">
Shizen'en-mae Station

Layout.
The station has one platform serving one track.

</doc>
<doc id="18509046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509046" title="Adam Brooks (filmmaker)">
Adam Brooks (filmmaker)

Adam Brooks (born September 3, 1956) is a Canadian film director, screenwriter, and actor. He is best known for writing and directing "Definitely, Maybe" (2008) and for writing screenplays for "French Kiss" (1995), "Wimbledon" (2004), and "" (2004). His first film as a writer-director "Almost You" won the Jury Prize at the Sundance Film Festival in 1985.
Brooks served as a council member of the Writers Guild of America East and is currently on the board of the Writer's Guild of America East Foundation. He also teaches film at the Columbia University Graduate School of the Arts. Brooks lives in New York City.

</doc>
<doc id="18509048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509048" title="Yamada Station (Gifu)">
Yamada Station (Gifu)

Layout.
The station has one platform serving one track.

</doc>
<doc id="18509060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509060" title="Tokunaga Station">
Tokunaga Station


</doc>
<doc id="18509079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509079" title="Gujō-Yamato Station">
Gujō-Yamato Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagaragawa Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18509093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509093" title="Manba Station">
Manba Station

Layout.
The station has one platform serving one track.

</doc>
<doc id="18509104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509104" title="Pleurophyllum speciosum">
Pleurophyllum speciosum

Pleurophyllum speciosum, also known as the Campbell Island Daisy, is a megaherb native to the Auckland and Campbell Islands of New Zealand. A false colour image is depicted on the lower left corner on the reverse of the current five dollar New Zealand banknote.

</doc>
<doc id="18509107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509107" title="Kamimanba Station">
Kamimanba Station

Layout.
The station has one platform serving one track.

</doc>
<doc id="18509116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509116" title="Ōnaka Station">
Ōnaka Station

Layout.
The station has one platform serving one track.

</doc>
<doc id="18509124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509124" title="Clarence, New South Wales">
Clarence, New South Wales

Clarence is a place in New South Wales, Australia. It was originally a railway outpost on the original railway line across the Blue Mountains, but by 1908 when Clarence was used as headquarters for the Ten Tunnel deviation works, the town population had flourished to over 5,000 residents, the majority being the navvies employed on the deviation works. When the deviation was opened in 1910, the town population quickly fell, despite a new platform built on the new deviation.
Zig Zag Railway.
In 1975, the Lithgow Zig Zag, which had been abandoned for 65 years was taken over by the Zig Zag Railway enthusiast enterprise. Narrow gauge track was laid on the alignment and several withdrawn ex-Q.R steam locomotives were imported for use on the Zig Zag tourist line. Today, it one of Australia's well-known tourist lines and the original station at Clarence has since been restored for use as the terminus.
There is the nearby Clarence Colliery, opened in the 1970s, that was closed and then re-opened again. It is served by a loop line that branches off Newnes Junction.

</doc>
<doc id="18509152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509152" title="Ōshima Station">
Ōshima Station

Layout.
The station has one platform serving one track.

</doc>
<doc id="18509168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509168" title="Mino-Shirotori Station">
Mino-Shirotori Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagaragawa Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18509180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509180" title="PR-e-Sense">
PR-e-Sense

PR-e-Sense, India's first national Ezine, is published by Prime Point Foundation since 2006 every month. 
Background.
An Ezine is a periodic publication distributed by email or posted on a website. Ezines are typically tightly focused on a subject area. The Inaugural issue of PR-e-Sense was launched during March 2006 by Dr Y S Rajan, Principal adviser to the Confederation of Indian Industry (CII), and an eminent Indian scientist. 
PR-e-Sense is a monthly corporate ezine (e-Magazine) published on the last day of every month, focussing on one unique corporate theme every month. Every issue is Guest Edited by one eminent person having expertise in the 'theme of the month'. Every issue carries Guest Editorial, Interviews from eminent people and few other expert views on the related theme. The lead article / interview is integrated with podcast in every issue.
Till June 2013, 75 editions have been published with different themes and contents.
All the issues of Ezine are in pdf format with less than 500k in file size.
Editorial board.
K. Srinivasan, founder and chairman of Prime Point Foundation and a senior communication professional, is the Editor-in-Chief of this ezine. He is supported by a voluntary team of communication professionals across the globe.
Cartoon Character PRince.
The ezine introduced cartoons from July 2008 issue. Every month, the Cartoon character PRince created by Triambak Sharma used to convey messages. This cartoon character PRince was launched by Former Indian President Dr APJ Abdul Kalam in July 2008. This cartoon character PRince is more popular among the readers.

</doc>
<doc id="18509192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509192" title="Shirotori-Kōgen Station">
Shirotori-Kōgen Station

Layout.
The station has one platform serving one track.

</doc>
<doc id="18509206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509206" title="Hakusan-Nagataki Station">
Hakusan-Nagataki Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagaragawa Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18509212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509212" title="Maria Stona">
Maria Stona

Maria Stona; Marie Scholz; born Stonawski (1861–1944) was a Silesian German writer and poet.
She drew into her circles many noticeable persons, world-famous artists, politicians and writers such as Georg Brandes, Georges Clemenceau, Berta von Suttner, Flinders Petrie, Stefan Zweig, being among her guests in her home the Chateau of Třebovice [http://trebovice.webzdarma.cz/o_trebovicich/o_trebovicich.htm] (Strzebowitz).
In Třebovice she led artistic salon.
She corresponded regularly with Georg Brandes from 1899 to his death 1927.
Her daughter was Helen Zelezny-Scholz, sculptor.
Maria Stona died in 1944, during the World War II. In the course of the liberation of Czechoslovakia by the Soviet Red Army her chateau was damaged and subsequently was deteriorating. In 1958 was totally demolished.
Some of her books are available at The Royal Library in Copenhagen where some of her letters may also be found in "Georg Brandes Arkivet"
Life.
Maria Scholz is a daughter of Joseph Stonawski, who in 1861 bought the Castle Strebowitz, and his wife Marie Kosietz (Kosiec) from Bludowitz in Cieszyn Silesia. She used the first two syllables of her birth name, Stonawski, as her pseudonym Maria Stona.
Maria married in 1881, Dr. jur. Albert Scholz, a son of Alois Scholz (1821–1883) Director of the steel works of Witkowitz mining and metallurgical trade union in Moravia-Ostrava. The couple Maria and Albert Scholz lived seven years, from 1881 to 1888, in Chropyně in Moravia. In Chropin on 16 August 1882 the daughter Helen Zelezny-Scholz came to the world. She was a sculptor and as wedded Zelezny-Scholz she lived in Rome in Italy where she died in 1974.
The marriage to Albert Scholz lasted until 1899. Maria Stona most likely had a second marriage to the writer, editor and art critic Charles Erasmus Kleinert (1837–1933). In 1933, Maria Stona issued a tribute to his life: An Old Austrian - Charles Erasmus Kleinert. His life and his works were published by Adolf Drechsler, Opava in Moravia.
Literary circles at the Castle Strebowitz.
After the death of his father, Joseph took Maria Stonawski Scholz to Strebowitz Martinau and in Silesia, where the Strebowitz Castle and the surrounding park was their residence. At Castle Strebowitz Maria Stona was the center of a literary circle. 
Landowner and Countess Marie Stonawská-Scholzová loved art. She produced poetry, stories, novels, and travel sketches under the pseudonym Maria Stona. After a short marriage, she was able to live independently thanks to having financial security. She actively participated in the cultural life of the town – she visited exhibits and the theatre, but mainly she supported artists.
In this way the château in Třebovice became a cultural centre where artists and the intelligentsia of various nations gathered. Stonawská-Scholzová bountifully hosted and supported local artists regardless of nationality, and eagerly introduced young artists to the public.
The list of important personalities who stayed at Třebovice includes writer Baroness Marie von Ebner-Eschenbach, noted Austrian prose writer Stefan Zweig, the Nobel Peace Prize winner Bertha von Suttner, writer Subhas Chandra Bose doctor and writer Karl Schönherr, the writer and journalist Paul Keller, the Danish literary critic Georg Brandes, and personalities of political life. She encouraged young artists who belonged to which the Czech pianist and composer Ilja Hurník and others traveled for Eastern Europe, Southern France and Spain.
Her extensive literary heritage, included travelogues, poetry, often sentimental, short stories, novellas and novels. Maria Stona was one of the most important women writers of her time. They drew their psychological empathy from the surrounding world, as Russian troops had occupied Moravia and Silesia in 1945 and Castle Strebowitz was lost as a family residence.
Maria Stona who died in 1944, created her works in German. The volumes of poetry have been translated after her death by the novelist Helen Salichová into the Czech language.

</doc>
<doc id="18509213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509213" title="Hokunō Station">
Hokunō Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagaragawa Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18509227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509227" title="Auckland railway electrification">
Auckland railway electrification

Auckland railway electrification has been proposed for several decades, and work began in the late 2000s. After investment in new infrastructure and improved services created massive patronage gains on Auckland's diesel commuter network in the middle 2000s, the long-discussed electrification project was finally funded (though still with a few false starts) from a combination of regional (Auckland Regional Council, later Auckland Council) and Crown (national) budgets. 
The contract for the electrification infrastructure was awarded on 14 January 2010 to an Australian and New Zealand consortium, while the contract for 57 trains was awarded on 6 October 2011 to Spanish manufacturer CAF.
Specifications.
Power supply.
KiwiRail is electrifying all lines between Swanson in the west and Papakura in the south at 25 kV AC, the same voltage as the North Island Main Trunk between Te Rapa and Palmerston North (the Wellington suburban network uses 1500 V DC).
About 3,500 masts will be installed. The Onehunga Branch is the first line to be commissioned.
The system will be supplied from via two independent connections, from national grid operator Transpower's Penrose substation and Mighty River Power's gas-fired Southdown Power Station, connected to Transpower's national grid. Each connection will be duplicated and each connection can supply the entire network if a fault occurs with the other connection, creating a high level of redundancy. KiwiRail says it will use less than 1% of Auckland's electricity capacity. KiwiRail has also approached local lines company Vector about a possible third connection in the central city.
Rolling stock.
The decision to electrify was partly prompted by the ageing diesel train fleet becoming unreliable. The fleet comprises diesel multiple units (DMUs) bought second-hand from Perth, Australia, and rebuilt British Rail Mark II carriages in push/pull configuration with DC and DFT locomotives; the Auckland Regional Transport Authority subsequently established that electric trains will be cheaper to run long term. Around the world, cities with high-frequency metropolitan passenger rail services use electric trains, partly because their quieter operation, faster travel between stations and greater environmental benefits.
After electrification a small number of diesel trains will be retained to provide services to Pukekohe. In May 2012, the possibility of extending electrification to Pukekohe was to be investigated by Auckland Transport.
The EMUs are being delivered from 2013, with the last units in 2016. In June 2013, it was confirmed they would be classified AM class (Auckland Metro), with the motor car classified AMA, trailer car AMT, and motor/pantograph car AMP.
Other infrastructure.
Crossings, bridges and tunnels.
There are 31 public level crossings between Swanson and Pukekohe and eight on the Onehunga branch. With electrification there is a need to safeguard crossings, since electric trains are quieter and more frequent. This includes bridges or tunnels in some cases, and the closure of small suburban street crossings in others. Height restrictions of 4.25 metres or 5.0 metres will be imposed to keep vehicles clear of overhead wires.
The Broadway overbridge in Newmarket and Parnell Tunnel were amongst the first of about 40 structures that needed modification before electric trains can run. Tracks are being lowered in Purewa Tunnel on the Eastern Line.
Signaling upgrades.
The programme goes hand in hand with a $90 million upgrade to the signalling system.
Train station upgrades.
Electrification works will go in tandem with construction of a new Parnell Railway Station, and follow upgrades to stations, including Ellerslie (in combination with motorway works), Onehunga (lengthening for 3-car units) and Mount Albert (amenity upgrades).
Maintenance depot.
Funding arrangements for the rolling stock purchase included the construction of a maintenance depot and stabling facilities. After looking at potential sites, 4.4 hectares of the old Winstone Quarry in Wiri (next to the South-Western Expressway and bordered by Roscommon and Wiri Station Roads) was selected, being large enough to house all the facilities required and adjacent to the NIMT railway line.
Significant earthworks to prepare the site commenced in January 2011 and in May 2012 a NZ$40 million contract to construct the facility was awarded to Downer New Zealand Limited. The facility was officially opened on 5 July 2013 and joint operational control was handed over to the train operator Transdev Auckland Limited and train supplier & maintenance operator CAF on 28 August 2013. The cost of the depot including land, construction and facility equipment was approximately NZ$100 million.
The facility includes six kilometres of sidings and a 7650 square metre depot building consisting of office facilities and the main workshop where servicing of the 57 electric trains takes place. The workshop has seven maintenance berths and has overhead gantry cranes & jacking systems for lifting the trains, high-level platforms to access train roofs, under-floor pits and a wheel lathe. There are an automatic train wash and covered platforms to facilitate cleaning of the inside of the trains. The facility has been future proofed to maintain a fleet of up to 109 electric trains.
The ground floor offices house CAF and the first floor Transdev and staff amenities. The Transdev offices include the depot control office and driver training facilities, which include two train simulators. Each simulator is laid out exactly like the driver’s cab with a large flat screen display in place of the windscreen that displays the view that the driver would see from the cab. The display is programmed with the Auckland railway network, filmed in 2012 and converted into video graphics. The simulator can be set to simulate daytime or night-time and includes a range of weather conditions, and it can simulate faults in the train and emergency situations.
Train movements within the facility are controlled by Transdev staff from the depot control office.
The stabling capacity is 28 electric trains. There are other facilities for stabling at Henderson, Parnell and Papakura.
Funding.
The Auckland Regional Council envisaged that a regional fuel tax of five cents per litre would be required to pay for the trains, the upgrade of other rolling stock, above-track infrastructure development including stations and maintenance facilities, ferry terminal upgrades and other transport infrastructure including integrated smartcard ticketing, and the council was to fund the Auckland Regional Transport Authority to buy electric trains and to operate services, and to provide stabling and maintenance facilities. The infrastructure was to be paid from national funds.
However, the Fifth National Government cancelled the proposed tax, with the electrification to be paid for by central government. This move has been heavily criticised for leaving the electrification in doubt for a time, for delaying parts of the project, such as train tendering, and for putting control of Auckland public transport into Wellington's hands.
In late 2009, the government confirmed that $500 million in loans would be extended to KiwiRail to enable it to proceed with tendering for the rolling stock, a process that the cancellation of the fuel tax had interrupted by at least half a year. The fact that the money was only a loan, with no means provided for Auckland or KiwiRail to raise extra funds to repay it (as was intended to be done with the regional fuel tax), was criticised strongly in Auckland, as it would mean that Auckland would pay for the trains yet not own them.
In mid-2011, after long negotiations between Auckland Council/Auckland Transport and the government, it was announced that the trains would be owned by Auckland, with Auckland paying approximately half of the cost from rates, and paying annual track access charges to KiwiRail and any potential purchase price increases as the winning tenderer is finalised.
Timeline.
It was announced on 17 May 2007 that electrification would proceed, to be complete in 2013.
On 3 July 2008 a law was passed allowing regional fuel taxes to fund large capital projects, of up to 10c a litre but limited to 2c in 2009 and 5c in 2010. The National Party criticised the funding mechanism.
Before the regional fuel tax could be implemented a change in government occurred, and the incoming National government cancelled the fuel tax in early 2009, though electrification was still to be funded.
In November 2009, government confirmed $500 million in loans to KiwiRail to allow the interrupted purchasing process for the electric trains to continue. was later clarified as a loan that Auckland would have to repay, without a mechanism to fund the extra cost. After negotiations between central and local government, this was reduced in severity by government providing over half of the purchase cost as a subsidy, with the rest still to be paid from rates.
On 14 January 2010 KiwiRail announced that it has awarded the contract for electrification to a consortium of Hawkins Infrastructure, a division of New Zealand company Hawkins Construction, and Laing O'Rourke Australia, for NZ$80 million.
4.4 hectares of the old Winstone Quarry in Wiri was selected as the site of a maintenance and stabling facility for the new trains. Earthworks preparing the site started in January 2011 and construction of the 7650 sq m building and the six kilometres of sidings in the stabling area commenced in May 2012.
On 6 October 2011, CAF was confirmed as the successful tenderer, for approximately $400 million.
On 5 July 2013 Auckland Mayor Len Brown officially opened the facility.
On 26 August 2013 the first train was delivered by truck to the depot for certification. The train was officially unveiled during a ceremony at the depot on 12 September 2013.
Stages of completion.
KiwiRail announced the works would be implemented in five phases:
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Stage 4
Stage 5
Progress.
During the summer 2011-2012 shutdown, the approaches to Britomart were rebuilt to allow for electrification, masts installed and holes bored, and wiring completed in some areas. During the 2013-2014 shut-down, the complex job of wiring Quay Park Junction, The Strand stabling facility and Britomart was completed.
, wires had been installed:
In May 2013 KiwiRail announced the project was six months behind schedule due to complexities of working on a live rail network. It was now planned to be completed in April 2014. This did not necessarily mean any delays in implementation, as services had not been planned to start before April 2014. On 9 September 2013 the wires were energised between Wiri and Newmarket, including the Onehunga Branch.

</doc>
<doc id="18509236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509236" title="Fan Wu">
Fan Wu

Fan Wu(吴帆) is a Chinese-American novelist. 
Biography.
Fan Wu grew up on a state-run farm in southern China where her parents were exiled during the Cultural Revolution. She came to the United States for graduate studies at Stanford University in 1997, began working at Yahoo! Inc. in 1999, and began to write in 2002. In 2007, she left her technology job to devote herself to writing. She currently resides in northern California.
She also writes short stories and her writing has appeared in "Granta, The Missouri Review, Asia Literary Review, Ploughshares". She is currently working on her third novel and a short story collection. She writes in both English and Chinese.

</doc>
<doc id="18509241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509241" title="Richard Saldan">
Richard Saldan

Richard Saldan (born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) is an American magician, motivational speaker, and inspirational writer. He began receiving great praise in the training industries in 1997, when he created his seminar company, Motivational Magic. Since this time, more than 4,000 magicians in the United States have pursued and developed this relatively new performance art in the world of professional magic, generally termed motivational magic.
Saldan’s website lists 60 letters of commendation citing his skills as a professional speaker, with a varied client base including large corporations, law firms, financial firms, universities, professional associations, inner city schools and government agencies. Saldan’s posted commendations include receiving praise from employees of the two largest seminar organizations in the world today, Dale Carnegie and Anthony Robbins.
Early in his career, Saldan traveled the USA to study professional stage magic with celebrity experts in the field, such as Johnny Thompson, Rocco Silano, Jeff McBride, Mio Rodriguez, Martin Lewis, Haruo Shimada, Marc DeSouza, and Todd Robbins.
In 1990, Saldan became homeless and penniless for several months. He also became afflicted with systemic lupus erythematosus. Saldan’s biography states that these harsh and unbearable experiences sparked a "determined sense of purpose, being to research, uncover and develop the world’s most powerful tools and methods for motivating and inspiring others." He adopted the moniker, “The Magician on a Mission to Motivate.” In less than eight years, by 1998, Saldan said that he had “transformed from being homeless to earning an annual income exceeding one hundred thousand dollars.” Saldan has become a public advocate to spread awareness of homelessness and systemic lupus erythematosus.
In 1992, Saldan launched the "Panorama Toastmasters Club" for public speaking training while President of the "1500 Locust Residents Association". In 1998, Saldan was retained by Lord Abbett, an international financial firm, to create the firm's first Technology Education Department. He created more than 60 technology courses to teach advanced skills in computer technology in the financial industry. Saldan created the Lord Abbett Public Speaking Club, their most successful voluntary training program in the 70-year history of the firm. In 2001, Saldan graduated from the Dale Carnegie Basic Instructor Course, and the Dale Carnegie Sales Instructor Course. Saldan is a recipient of the Dale Carnegie Highest Achievement Award and served with Dale Carnegie for eight years. Saldan has been awarded 9 Public Speaking Trophies for his speeches in public speaking competitions within Toastmasters International, and also 14 additional Toastmasters First Place Ribbons for public speaking. While serving as a reservist with the U.S. Marines, Saldan was nominated by Inspector-Instructor Captain Ross Schwalm, USMC, for the Gold Congressional Award for 1200 hours of community advocation among senior citizens, runaway teens, prisoners, and homeless people.

</doc>
<doc id="18509251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509251" title="Mimi Fox">
Mimi Fox

Mimi Fox is an American jazz guitarist and educator, known internationally for her work. She has released seven albums, with 2006's "Perpetually Hip" reaching #23 on the Billboard "Top Jazz Albums" chart.
"Perpetually Hip" is a two-disc set containing standards and new tunes written by Fox. One disc features solo recordings of Fox's while the other is with a band composed of fellow artists: bassist Harvie S, drummer Billy Hart, and pianist Xavier Davis. The album was released on April 4, 2006 on Favored Nations offshoot label Favored Nations Cool.
Fox is Chair of the Guitar Department, a faculty advisor and instructor at the Jazzschool for Musical Study and Performance in Berkeley, California.

</doc>
<doc id="18509293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509293" title="6mm Lee Navy">
6mm Lee Navy

The 6mm Lee Navy aka 6mm U.S.N. or .236 Navy is an obsolete American rifle cartridge. It was the service cartridge of the United States Navy and Marine Corps from 1895, officially replacing the .45-70 Government round, and was the first small-bore high-velocity smokeless powder cartridge to be adopted by either service. The 6mm Lee Navy was in turn replaced by the .30 Army (.30-40 Krag) cartridge in 1899.
History and development.
By 1894, the U.S. Navy desired to adopt a modern small-bore, smokeless powder service cartridge and rifle in keeping with other first-line naval powers for both naval and marine forces. Naval authorities decided that the new cartridge should be adaptable to both rifles and machine guns. Noting that the world's military forces were adopting smaller and smaller caliber rifles with higher velocity cartridges, U.S. naval authorities decided to leapfrog the trend to smaller and smaller calibers by adopting a cartridge in 6mm (0.236 inch) caliber, with a semi-rimmed case capable of holding up to of 'rifleite' smokeless powder and proof chamber pressures of up to 60,000 psi. While the government cartridge was being developed, the Navy tested rifle barrels in various alloys and rifling twists, eventually settling on a barrel steel made of 4.5 per cent nickel steel, with a rifling twist of one turn in 6.5 inches. 
As the Chief of the Bureau of Naval Ordnance stated in his 1897 "Small Arms" report to the Secretary of the Navy, "In making what may appear a radical departure in its selection of a caliber smaller than as yet adopted elsewhere...the Bureau is convinced it is looking to the future...it is surely wise to attempt to advance with one stride as far as existing conditions allow toward the goal to which the world is moving with slow steps." The report went on to list the advantages of the smaller 6mm caliber: greatly increased velocity, flatness of bullet trajectory, reduced recoil, a 100% increase in penetration compared to the former .45-70 Government cartridge, and the ability to carry twice the number of cartridges per individual sailor or marine. However, the report acknowledged the 6mm round had two principal disadvantages: first, that as a small-caliber round, the 6mm bullet would not sufficiently wound an enemy to put him out of action, and second, the "shock" or stopping power of the smaller bullet would not "stop the onset of excited men at short range." In answer to these objections, the report gave three responses: first, "the battle of the future will be fought at long range, and men will not live to come to close quarters with an enemy who stands his ground"; second, 99% of wounded enemy soldiers would not likely investigate the severity of their wound, but simply retire to the rear; third, the explosive effect of a small-caliber, high-velocity bullet against the human body, whereby the bullet tumbled or fragmented to produce devastating wounds against bone or fluid-filled organs, would be more incapacitating at all ranges than wounds made by a slow-moving bullet of large caliber. 
On August 1, 1894 a naval test board was convened at the Naval Torpedo Station in Newport, Rhode Island to test submitted magazine rifles in the new 6mm Navy caliber developed by naval ordnance authorities; according to the government notice of bid requirements, no other calibers or cartridges were to be considered. Winchester made the ammunition for the government, which in turn provided each competitor with 6mm U.S.N. cartridges and 0.236-inch caliber rifle barrels, the latter supplied unchambered and with receiver threads uncut. The rifle action was required to withstand the firing of five overpressure (proof) cartridges with a chamber pressure of 60,000 psi. Several inventors and rifle manufacturers submitted models for test, among them James Paris Lee, who offered two designs, a turnbolt and a cam-action or locking bolt type, the Lee straight-pull. The Lee straight-pull was chosen as the winner in repeated trials and adopted by the U.S. Navy in 1895 as the Lee Rifle, Model of 1895, caliber 6-mm. 
As adopted by the Navy after tests at the Naval Torpedo Station, the "Ball Cartridge, 6mm" or 6mm U.S.N. cartridge featured a long bottlenecked semi-rimmed brass case and a round-nosed, cupro-nickel coated, steel-jacketed lead-core bullet. The rifle powder for the new cartridge was "Rifleite", a flake nitrocellulose smokeless powder originally developed for use in the British .303 cartridge.
The new 6mm cartridge achieved a muzzle velocity of 2,550 fps (777 m/s) and was initially manufactured by Winchester (WRA) for the Navy. Because of production delays and the desire to have a secondary ammunition source in the event of war or other emergency, the Union Metallic Cartridge (UMC) Company was also awarded a contract to produce 6mm ammunition. After the adoption of the M1895 Lee, the case rim of the government cartridge was redesigned with a slight bevel (rebated rim) for optimum performance in the "en bloc" charger-loaded magazine of the M1895 rifle; the revised cartridge was designated the 6mm U.S.N., but continued to be referred to in naval stores reports as the Ball Cartridge, 6mm. Owing to difficulties in obtaining acceptable lots of "Rifleite" smokeless powder for the cartridge, as well as cartridge clips, the initial April 1896 Navy order of 1,000,000 cartridges was not filled by Winchester and UMC for over a year. 
In March 1897, after reports of excessive chamber pressures and short barrel life (3,000 rounds) despite the use of 4.5 per cent nickel-steel barrels, the specifications for the 6mm round were changed to incorporate a round-nosed lead-core bullet with a copper jacket, which was then tin-plated to prevent corrosion from salt air. Winchester and UMC had difficulty in achieving the pressure limit specification (43,000 psi) for the new loading with "Rifleite", and chamber pressures varied widely from lot to lot of powder, ranging up to 60,000 psi. The new M1895 Colt-Browning machine gun was also modified to accept the new loading the same year, and a further 500,000 cartridges were ordered to accommodate machine-gun usage. 
Firing a bullet at from a barrel, the 6mm U.S.N. was the highest-velocity cartridge used by any military force at the time of its adoption. Designed to achieve better penetration than the Army's .30 Army cartridge used in the Model 1892/98 (Krag) rifle, the round was intended to perforate the hulls of small enemy craft such as patrol and torpedo boats, and could penetrate of soft wood at , of low-carbon steel at 10 feet (3 m); 0.375-inch (9.5 mm) of ordinary boiler plate at , or a -thick suspended chrome steel alloy boiler plate at . The roundnosed bullet had a flatter trajectory than its predecessor at all ranges up to 500 yards; above this distance, the heavier bullet began to show an advantage. The new loading had an effective range (individual rifle fire) of around 600-700 yards, at which point the blunt-tip bullet rapidly lost velocity and energy. The bullet, like its predecessor, demonstrated an inclination to instability unless rapidly rotated; the M1895 Lee rifle was therefore given a rapid barrel rifling twist of one turn in 7.5 inches (19 cm) (with right-hand twist) to keep the bullet from wobbling or tumbling at extended ranges. At some point, this rifling was changed in later production rifles to one turn in 10 inches RH (25 cm). Contemporary medical reports of the day noted the bullet produced noticeably greater damage to tissue and bone than other military cartridges of the day when fired at full velocity (2,560 fps), and the bullet's copper jacket frequently fragmented or detached entirely from its lead core after penetrating a hard substance such as bone or metal. On the other hand, when the 6mm bullet struck muscle or air-filled cavities such as the lungs, the bullet tended to make a perforating wound of small diameter that caused little damage.
The 6mm Lee Navy cartridge proved expensive to produce, with per-round cost approximately double that of the previous .45-70 service cartridge. Delays caused by difficulties in getting smokeless powder of the proper specification delayed shipments of ammunition under the Navy's contract with Winchester (WRA) and UMC, and shipments of the 6mm Lee rifle were also delayed due to manufacturing issues and contract changes. As a result, the .45-70 government cartridge and small arms chambered for it continued in front-line service with the Navy until 1897, when the latter cartridge was made substitute standard for second-line vessels. Because of arguments over inadequate congressional appropriations, Marine battalions scheduled to be equipped with the Lee had not received either rifles or ammunition until 1897, two years after adoption of the cartridge and rifle. Colonel-Commandant Charles Heywood of the Marine Corps reportedly refused initial deliveries of small numbers of Lee rifles to Marine battalions until he received assurances that an appropriation would be made to the Corps for at least 3,000 Lee rifles, improved target ranges, and enough ammunition to continue existing marksmanship training programs. Despite this threat, the report of the Marine Corps Quartermaster as of September 1897 begged the Secretary for an additional $10,000 appropriation for 6mm ammunition to allow Marines to conduct live fire and target practice with the Lee rifle. The report went on to warn that, except for drill practice, enlisted Marines were "entirely unfamiliar with the use of this arm", since all target practice had to be conducted using the old single-shot Springfield and .45-70 ammunition. 
Issued to both naval armed guards (bluejackets) and Marine battalions, the 6mm Lee Navy cartridge saw combat service with U.S. forces (primarily Marine riflemen and machine-gun teams) in both Cuba and the Philippines during the Spanish–American War, and was also issued to small formations of attached Cuban rebels participating in the Guantánamo Bay campaign. The lighter weight of the 6mm Lee cartridge meant individual riflemen could carry more cartridges, since 160 .30 Army cartridges weighed as much as 220 rounds of 6mm. 
During the fighting to secure Guantánamo Bay harbor in Cuba, the light weight of the 6mm Lee Navy cartridge enabled individual Marines to carry extra ammunition without an undue weight penalty, an advantage when pursuing an enemy over mountainous and difficult ground. The extra cartridges proved useful when early ammunition resupply from Navy ships was disrupted at the outset of the Guantanamo operation, allowing Marines to continue their assault even while individually resupplying Cuban rebels who had run short of ammunition. 
Later, during the early stages of the Moro Rebellion in the Philippines, the 6mm round was criticized by some Marines for failing to stop the frenzied charges of bolo-wielding Moro juramentados at very close ranges. The possibility a 6mm bullet might lack shocking power (stopping power) had been raised as far back as 1895 when the cartridge was in the process of being developed for adoption. On the other hand, the Marine Legation Guard, which used the 6mm Lee in the defense of the foreign legations in Peking during the Boxer Rebellion of 1900, together with marines and navy bluejackets serving in the expedition relieving the besieged legations, apparently had no such criticisms.
However, the high velocity 6mm round was ahead of its time in terms of powder technology and barrel steel metallurgy. In addition to complaints of bore fouling with corrosive nitro-compounds M1895 rifles in service began to display signs of early barrel wear and throat erosion caused by inconsistent chamber pressures and powder burn rates, despite the Navy's requirement of nickel-steel barrels.
Several factors led to the discontinuance of the 6mm Lee as an official U.S. military cartridge. The most important was the decision of the War Department, based upon a recommendation by a board composed of Army, Navy, and Marine Corps officers, to standardize on the .30 Army cartridge for all services. Additionally, the 6mm's special - and expensive - semi-rimless beveled-rim case was designed to work optimally in the charger clips of the M1895 rifle; this proved an unnecessary complication when adapting the cartridge to other, more modern machine guns and small arms. Aside from the benefits of interchangeability between the services, the board noted the government had its greatest investment in the .30 Army cartridge and rifles chambered for it. Nevertheless, the board acknowledged the rimmed .30 Army round was less than ideal when used in modern machine guns, and the decision to adopt the it for the Navy and Marine Corps might be postponed until a rimless version was developed (which would eventually take place in 1903 in the form of the .30-03). 
Another factor in the demise of the 6mm Lee was its bullet; the 6mm Lee was adopted prior to the invention of the spitzer-shape bullet. As a result, the light, roundnosed 6mm bullet lost much of its effectiveness at 600-700 yards, while the roundnosed bullet of the .30 Army service cartridge was still considered effective at ranges of 1,000 yards or more, an important consideration in the days when rifle and indirect machine gun fire at distant targets such as massed enemy infantry was considered necessary. While by no means a universal opinion, the lack of shocking power of the 6mm Lee reported by some Marine units in combat may also have weighed against the idea of delaying a change to the .30 Army for all services. A further complication was that issues of barrel wear from the "Rifleite" smokeless powder and corrosive primer used in the 6mm cartridge continued to plague Navy ordnance authorities. Finally, due in part to its long, thick-gauged semi-rimless rim case and beveled rim, the 6mm Lee was one of the most expensive service cartridges to produce in terms of cost per round, yet it was already becoming obsolescent in comparison to ammunition utilizing more efficient powders and true rimless cases. Rapid developments in military small arms ammunition would soon demonstrate the advantages of a magazine-fed rifle and machine gun cartridge with a rimless case and spitzer bullet, features not found in either the .30 Army or the 6mm Lee. 
In 1899, the Navy officially adopted the .30 Army cartridge for all small arms, though it continued to use the 6mm for existing stocks of Lee rifles and Colt machine guns. In 1907, the Navy adopted the .30-'06 Springfield cartridge for both rifles and machine guns. 6mm Lee ammunition still in military stores in 1917 was sold at auction by the government to a private military surplus dealer, F.W. Bannerman & Co. Unfortunately for Bannerman, the powder used in the 6mm government cartridges had deteriorated to such a degree they were determined to be unfit for sale, and the company destroyed the entire lot rather than resell them to the public.
Commercial and hunting use.
A commercial sporting version of the M1895 Lee Straight Pull was sold by Winchester, which did not sell well in U.S. markets due to a heavy preference by American consumers for lever action rifle designs. The cartridge was chambered for a time in the Remington-Lee and Blake magazine rifles. With a reputation for penetration and explosive effect, the 6mm Lee was reportedly quite popular as a hunting cartridge in Alaska and Northwest Canada. It was discontinued from commercial production in 1935. The 6mm Lee cartridge case later served as the basis for the .220 Swift, which used a necked-down 6mm Lee case with a .22-caliber bullet.

</doc>
<doc id="18509298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509298" title="Jacme Scrivà">
Jacme Scrivà

Jacme Scrivà was a Catalan knight ("mossèn") and poet of the late fourteenth century. In contemporary documents Jacme's name is spelled "Jacme Scriva", without the accent. In modern Catalan orthography it is spelled "Jaume Escrivà". His surname means "scribe". 
He is named as the composer of a French "ballade", "Hoiés ores, mon Cuer, ce que vueil dire", listed among the "ballades" of Oton de Granson in the Cançoner Vega-Aguiló. That same chansonnier attributes an Occitan "canso" that is actually by Uc de Saint Circ, "Tres enemics e dos mals seignors ai". The ascription in the same chansonnier of a song among Oton's may also be false. If the ascription is correct, it is probably to be connected with certain poetic contests being held in Paris late in the fourteenth century, which were known in Catalonia according to certain letters regarding the foundation of the Consistori de Barcelona. Either way, the ascription shows Jacme Scrivà to have been famous enough in the years 1420–30, when the Vega-Aguiló was copied, to be credied with original compositions in more than one non-native tongue. 
The only known two pieces of Jacme's poetry in the Catalan language are preserved in the Cançoner de Saragossa. "En be fort punt suy entrat en la setla" is a "cobla esparsa" about the poet's insomnia due to love. "Pus que demendat m'avets" is a lesson on the technical aspects of writing, addressed to a lady. In fact it is all erotic double entendre. A single "cobla" from a lost poem of Jacme's is preserved in "Lo conhort" by Francesc Ferrer; it begins "Amor, Amor, quisvulla us don lausor".

</doc>
<doc id="18509334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509334" title="Scare Tactics (comics)">
Scare Tactics (comics)

Scare Tactics is a comic book series published by DC Comics. A total of twelve issues appeared, dated from December 1996 to March 1998. The series, written by Len Kaminski, was a part of DC's Weirdoverse group of titles.
Publication history.
Len Kaminski had the following idea to help promote the book.
DC Comics promoted the book in the middle of the series’ run by creating a series of one-shots teaming some team members with notable DC characters:
Fictional biography.
The series focused on the band Scare Tactics, which was a group of monstrous rock and roll musicians that encountered supernatural adventures while on the road.
The band/team consisted of:

</doc>
<doc id="18509341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509341" title="Selling Solar">
Selling Solar

Selling Solar: The Diffusion of Renewable Energy in Emerging Markets is a 2009 Earthscan book by Damian Miller. Dr Miller argues that, in order to solve the climate crisis, the world must immediately and dramatically accelerate the commercialization of renewable energy technology. This needs to happen in the industrialized world, as well as in the emerging markets of the developing world where most future GHG emissions will occur.
Author Damian Miller holds a doctorate from the Judge School of Business, Cambridge, and is the CEO of Orb Energy which is based in India.

</doc>
<doc id="18509349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509349" title="Positive Alternatives to Homosexuality">
Positive Alternatives to Homosexuality

Positive Alternatives to Homosexuality (PATH) is a coalition of groups that want to help "people with unwanted same-sex attractions (SSA) realize their personal goals for change -- whether by developing their innate heterosexual potential or by embracing a lifestyle as a single, non-sexually active man or woman." The predominantly ex-gay groups propagate the "right to decide whether to seek counseling or therapy" and abstinence. The coalition lists studies on reparative therapy and links to organizations that work with people who have unwanted same-sex attractions. Arthur Abba Goldberg is president of PATH.
Members.
In July 2003, various organizations united to form PATH. Its members are
Exodus International belonged to the initial members, but left in April 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18509355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509355" title="Love Is (Vikki Watson song)">
Love Is (Vikki Watson song)

"Love Is", written and composed by James Kaleth and Vikki Watson, was the United Kingdom's entry at the Eurovision Song Contest 1985, performed by the latter composer, Vikki Watson, credited at Eurovision as Vikki.
The first female soloist to compete for UK at Eurovision since Olivia Newton-John with "Long Live Love" at Eurovision 1974 and also the first female composer of a UK Eurovision entrant to sing her composition in the contest, Vikki won the right to perform at Gothenburg by winning the UK national final, "A Song for Europe", where she was the first singer to perform. At Gothenburg, the song was performed fourteenth on the night, after Norway's Bobbysocks with "La det swinge", and before Switzerland's Mariella Farré and Pino Gasparini with "Piano, Piano." At the end of judging that evening, "Love Is" took the fourth-place slot with 100 points. At the time, it was one of the few entries that managed to receive 100 points without receiving any 12 point allotments from any jury. It was also the UK's strongest showing since winning the 1981 Contest with "Making Your Mind Up."
The song was a contemporary ballad about a man and a woman who are both too afraid to plunge head-first with their emotions into a love affair; while both of them want to be loved by the other, both of them are letting their heads rule their hearts. In the chorus, Vikki sings that "love is" the product of a number of impulsive decisions, such as "taking a chance on two hearts beating as one." Vikki nominally used a single chair as a prop, first sitting in it while singing the song, then circling it and abandoning it entirely by the second half of the song.
Despite the high showing at Gothenburg, the song placed at #49 on the UK Singles Chart. The B-Side of the Single was "Lead Me Through the Darkness"

</doc>
<doc id="18509359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509359" title="Omaha Traction Company">
Omaha Traction Company

The Omaha Traction Company was a privately owned public transportation business in Omaha, Nebraska. Created in the early 1900s by wealthy Omaha banker Gurdon Wattles, the company was involved in a series of contentious disputes with organized labor.
History.
Gurdon Wattles bought the Omaha and Council Bluffs Railway and Bridge Company, or O&CB along with several competing local lines and merged them into one unit called the Omaha Traction Company in the early 1900s. Wattles continued using the O&CB brand. In 1943 the company began training women as streetcar operators after many of its male drivers were called into military service during WW II. The women learned quickly and were paid the same wages as their male counterparts. The company disbanded with the creation of Metro Area Transit in the early 1970s.
Labor relations.
The Amalgamated Association of Street and Electric Railway Employees attempted to unionize workers in Omaha Traction Company in the first decade of the 20th century with an organizer arriving in the city in 1902. That early effort faded within a year; however, Gurdon Wattles formed the Omaha Business Men's Association within the year to fight the prospect of losing the city's open shop status.
Wattles resisted any unionization within his businesses, as well as the city. When workers struck in early September 1909 he quickly hired strikebreakers from across the country to cross picket lines. He further provoked unionizers by publicly refusing arbitration in two of the city's business community's organs, the "Omaha Bee" and the "Omaha Herald". Starting September 19, 1909 mobs rioted in the streets of downtown destroying streetcars, terrorizing company officials and attacking strikebreakers. Wattles kept the strikebreakers on, hiring others from Eastern United States cities to come in until the strikers agreed to his terms. Wattles later wrote a booklet about the events entitled "A Crime Against Labor: A brief history of the Omaha and Council Bluffs Street Railway Strike, 1909." In the book he referred to the strikebreakers as, "a jolly lot of disreputables, always ready for a fight." The riots continued through September 23, 1909, eventually subsiding to the pressure of the strikebreakers. 
In April 1935 the fragile truce between pro-open shop management of the Omaha Traction Company and pro-union labor forces broke, causing a long, violent strike. The company hired strikebreakers from Brooklyn and several other Eastern cities. Within days the company rolled out heavily fortified streetcars, complete with windows covered by heavy wire and armed guards on board. While few cars attracted passengers, the cars initially encountered little resistance. The company resisted calls for arbitration from the Omaha City Council and continued employing strikebreakers. In early May violence broke out, with workers' attacking the streetcars and strikebreakers by rifle attacks, violent beatings and bombings across the city. In June riots broke out with mobs' burning streetcars and looting. There were two deaths. The city government lost control of the violence and called in the National Guard, which sent 1,800 troops. Governor Robert Cochran declared martial law and ordered the streetcars to stop running. After the governor intervened and owner Wattles agreed to arbitration, a number of agreements were made with workers' representatives. But no substantive changes were made and strikebreakers stayed on the job. The violence ended, court cases ensued, and the situation slowly faded.
On June 14, 1935 Omaha was put under martial law as the result of three days of streetcar strike rioting in which a man was killed and more than ninety persons, including women and children, were wounded. Governor Robert Leroy Cochran ordered arbitration later in the week; however, new riots were reported by the end of the month. 1,800 National Guardsmen were called in to quell the violence. The final count was two people killed and 100 injured. 
The Omaha Traction Company never unionized.

</doc>
<doc id="18509382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509382" title="Reinhold Schneider">
Reinhold Schneider

Reinhold Schneider (born in Baden-Baden on May 13, 1903; died in Freiburg im Breisgau on April 6, 1958) was a German poet who also wrote novels. Initially his works were less religious, but later his poetry had a Christian and specifically Catholic influence. His first works included Luís de Camões and Portugal 
He had written anti-war poems, which were banned in Nazi Germany. "Las Casas" (1938) had analysed the ways Christians should respond to state oppression, and had criticised Nazi persecution and anti-Semitism; this led to the ban on publishing his works. 
During the war associates of Schneider were in the 'Kreisau Circle' and the 'Freiburger Konzil' which had links with anti-Nazi resistance. His works were still published in Karl Ludwig Freiherr von und zu Guttenbergs journal "White Papers" and "underground", and tracts were distributed to soldiers at the front. Though he was accused of treason by authoring defeatist literature, the war ended before he could be tried.
Works.
"Apokalypse" (1946): an anthology of sonnets.
"Begegnung und Bekenntnis. Literarische Essays" (1963)
"Briefe an einen Freund. Mit Erinnerungen von Otto Heuschele"
"Briefwechsel/Reinhold Schneider, Leopold Zeigler" (1960)
"Das Inselreich" (1936)
"Das Leiden des Camões" (1930)
"Der große Verzicht" (1950): drama.
"Die Hohenzollern. Tragik und Königtum" (1933)
"Die Tarnkappe" (1951): drama.
"Innozenz und Franziskus" (1952): drama.
"Las Casas vor Karl V." (1938)
"Pfeiler im Strom" (1958)
"Philipp der Zweite" (1931)
"Tagebuch: 1930-1935"
"Über Dichter und Dichtung" (1953)
"Verhüllter Tag, Bekenntnis eines Lebens" (1954)
"Verpflichtung und Liebe" (1964)
"Winter in Wien" (1958): a diary account of Schneider's stay in Vienna during 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="18509397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509397" title="HZ-2">
HZ-2

HZ-2 is a drug which acts as a highly selective κ-opioid agonist. It is a potent analgesic with around the same potency as morphine, with a long duration of action and high oral bioavailability. Side effects include sedation, nausea and dysphoria as well as diuretic effects.

</doc>
<doc id="18509405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509405" title="Chorizanthe staticoides">
Chorizanthe staticoides

Chorizanthe staticoides is a species of flowering plant in the buckwheat family known by the common name Turkish rugging. It is endemic to California, where it is a common member of the flora in the chaparral and scrub habitats in a number of regions. 
This is a plant which is quite variable in morphology, producing small patches on the ground or growing erect to heights over half a meter. The leaves measure from just a few millimeters to about 8 centimeters long. Most of them grow at the base of the fuzzy green or reddish stem. The top of the stem branches neatly into flat-topped inflorescences packed densely with tiny flowers. Each flower has a cylindrical base of six sharp-tipped bracts in shades of red to purple or green. Within this involucre is the pink to red flower which is a few millimeters wide and contains nine tiny stamens. 

</doc>
<doc id="18509413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509413" title="Michèle Pierre-Louis">
Michèle Pierre-Louis

Michèle Duvivier Pierre-Louis (born 5 October 1947) is a Haitian politician who was Prime Minister of Haiti from September 2008 to November 2009. She was Haiti's second female Prime Minister, after Claudette Werleigh, who served from 1995 to 1996.
Pierre-Louis has been the Executive Director of the Knowledge and Freedom Foundation (FOKAL), a non-governmental organization financed by George Soros, since 1995. In June 2008 she was nominated as Prime Minister by President René Préval, after Préval's two previous nominees were rejected by the Chamber of Deputies. Her nomination was approved by the Chamber of Deputies on 17 July 2008, with 61 votes in favor, one opposed, and 20 abstentions. It was approved by the Senate on 31 July, with 12 votes in favor, 5 abstentions and none opposed. Her political programme and government still had to be approved by the Chamber of Deputies and the Senate.
Préval announced the composition of the new government on 25 August; aside from Pierre-Louis herself, there were 17 ministers, seven of whom were retained from the previous government of Jacques-Édouard Alexis. Pierre-Louis was appointed as Minister of Justice and Public Security, in addition to serving as Prime Minister. The government was to have been installed on 26 August, but this was delayed due to the impact of Hurricane Gustav.
Pierre-Louis' political programme and government were approved by the Chamber of Deputies and subsequently by the Senate on 5 September 2008, following extended negotiations. 16 votes were needed in the Senate; she received only 15 in the first vote, but in a second vote held shortly afterward she gained the necessary additional vote. There were no opposing votes, but one senator abstained. This vote occurred as Haiti was ravaged by the effects of Hurricane Hanna and Hurricane Ike, presenting a daunting challenge to Pierre-Louis and her government.
The British weekly news and international affairs publication The Economist referred to Ms Pierre-Louis in their publication "The World in Figures 2010", writing:
Long known as the poorest country in the Western hemisphere, Haiti has stumbled from one crisis to another since the Duvalier years. But under its prime minister, Michèle Pierre-Louis, the country has an opportunity to make substantial and sustainable gains in both economics and politics. Her domestic achievements are already considerable, holding together a diverse coalition and quelling a determined opposition. Abroad, she has worked well with international leaders and won some influential friends, including Bill Clinton, a former US president. The tenure of Ms Pierre-Louis, whose social-activist brother-in-law was assassinated in 1998, may conceivably mark a turning-point in the country's long battle with extreme poverty, bloody confrontation and deep-rooted social injustice. article.
In the wake of the 2010 Haiti earthquake Pierre-Louis wrote a piece for the "Huffington Post" outlining her vision for a three-phase plan for the community: rescue, recovery and reconstruction.
Her son Pierre Louis, currently plays for the Los Angeles Lakers

</doc>
<doc id="18509422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509422" title="United Mutation">
United Mutation

United Mutation were the flagship act on DSI Records in the early 1980s. Based in Northern Virginia, United Mutation attracted the interest of household punk names Ian MacKaye who partnered with the band for a split label release on Dischord Records and Jello Biafra who insisted United Mutation open a Washington DC gig for the Dead Kennedys. Never prolific at gigging, United Mutation managed to get out releases over the years on not only their own DSI Records and spin off Living Nightengale but also German labels Bitzcore and Lost and Found. United Mutation vocalist Mike Brown's unique delivery has ensured that fans of the crust punk sub genre continue to spend collector's prices on old vinyl releases as they surface from time to time on eBay.

</doc>
<doc id="18509434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509434" title="Border Railways Act 1922">
Border Railways Act 1922

The 1922 Border Railways Acts, were Acts passed by the Parliaments of both Victoria and New South Wales, which authorised the construction of cross border railways in the Riverina region of Australia. Despite being located in New South Wales, the region was closer economically to Victoria and its railway network, operated by Victorian Railways. Another complication was that Victorian Railways used the broad gauge, while the New South Wales Government Railways used standard gauge.
Background.
The first line to be built from Victoria into New South Wales was the Deniliquin - Moama line. Permission was granted to the private Deniliquin and Moama Railway Company by the New South Wales Government in 1874 to construct a long line from Moama on the Murray River north to Deniliquin, connecting with the Victorian railway system at the Murray Bridge, near Echuca. Opened in 1876, it was later purchased by Victorian Railways.
In 1904 when the Victorian Parliament authorised an extension of the Goulburn Valley line north from Strathmerton station, to the south bank of the Murray River across from Tocumwal, New South Wales. The line was opened in February 1905, and in April 1906 the two state Premiers (Thomas Bent and Joseph Carruthers) signed an agreement for a final extension, into the town itself. The existing road bridge was strengthened and became the responsibility of Victoria, with both states sharing construction costs for the line. Opened in 1908, the profit (or loss) of operating the line would be Victoria's. In the station became a break-of-gauge in 1914 with extension of the NSWGR Tocumwal line.
Impact of the Act.
As a result of the predicament of border towns, the Border Railways Commission (made up of representatives of both states) recommended in 1917 in favour of the construction of four additional lines into New South Wales. The most important line was to run from Swan Hill to Balranald. The culmination was the 1922 Border Railways Acts of both states, with the first outcome being that Victorian Railways took over the Deniliquin and Moama Railway Company in 1923 at a cost of £165,000. The actual construction differed from that initially proposed.
Schedule 1 to the Border Railways Act 1922 also provided that two engineers, one of whom shall be appointed by the Government of New South Wales and one by the Victorian Government, shall recommend the sites of two bridges to be constructed between a point 3 miles upstream from Mildura Wharf and downstream to a point near the Wentworth Township. The bridges were to provide for both road and rail traffic. Suitable bridges were built at both Mildura and Yelta, but no railway lines were built.

</doc>
<doc id="18509437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509437" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Kribi">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Kribi

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Kribi () is a diocese located in the city of Kribi in the Ecclesiastical province of Yaoundé in Cameroon. 

</doc>
<doc id="18509442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509442" title="East Buttes">
East Buttes

The East Buttes are made up of several extinct volcanoes in and around Gresham, Oregon, United States, which are part of the Boring Lava Field. The Boring Lava Field became active at least 2.7 million years ago, and has been extinct for about 300,000 years.
The buttes stretch from southeast Portland into Damascus. Included are Gresham Butte (also known as Walter's Hill), Gabbert Hill, and Towle Butte.
The Gresham Butte Saddle Trail runs through open space owned by Metro and the City of Gresham. The trail was previously a logging road and is bordered on the north by Gresham Butte and on the south by Towle Butte and Gabbert Hill.
Several tributaries of Johnson Creek are located in this open space. The land in this area is dominated by black cottonwood, red alder, and Douglas-fir. There are also many non-native species present, such as Himalayan blackberry and European holly, a large stand of which is found around the middle of Saddle Trail. Somewhere in the forest is an old bus used to move water pipes for the planned Mount Hood Freeway. The project and the bus were abandoned in the 1970s after a mass public outcry against the proposed freeway.
Much of the land on Gabbert Hill was previously designated for a subdivision called Darby Ridge, but was acquired by Metro and the City of Gresham in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18509449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509449" title="4th Force Reconnaissance Company">
4th Force Reconnaissance Company

4th Force Reconnaissance Company (4th Force Recon) is a Force Reconnaissance unit of the United States Marine Corps. The company is located in Alameda, California, with a detachment at Marine Corps Base Hawaii (MCB Hawaii). The Hawaii detachment represents the only Marine Forces Reserve unit in the state.
History.
Lineage.
The company was activated 10 November 1952 at San Bernardino, California as the 32d Special Infantry Company, U.S. Marine Corps Reserve. On 31 October 1957, it was redesignated the 32d Infantry Company and redesignated again on 1 November 1959 as the 4th Reconnaissance Company. On 1 July 1962, it was assigned to Force Troops, Fleet Marine Force. In October 1971, it was relocated to Marine Barracks, Pearl Harbor and again in April 1973 to Naval and Marine Corps Reserve Center, Honolulu, Hawaii. In November 1996, it was relocated to MCB Hawaii with a detachment in Reno, Nevada. The Company headquarters was moved to Alameda, California with a detachment remaining in Hawaii.
1990s.
4th Force Recon Company provided deep and amphibious reconnaissance support to 1st Marine Expeditionary Brigade until the MEB was stood down from Hawaii in the mid-1990s. The unit also cross-trained with reconnaissance units from other countries during Cobra Gold in Thailand and Balikatan in the Philippines. In 1992, the unit crossed trained with the 61st Philippine Marine Recon Company in Ternate, Cavite, Philippines. In 1993, two teams conducted deep reconnaissance in support of 1st MEB during Operation Ke O'A Koa. In 1994, 4th Force won the General Hugh W. Hardy Superlative Performance Award for the Outstanding Marine Forces Reserve Unit.
2000s.
4th Force Reconnaissance Company deployed to Iraq during the Iraq War.

</doc>
<doc id="18509486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509486" title="Western Australian state election, 1911">
Western Australian state election, 1911

Elections were held in the state of Western Australia on 3 October 1911 to elect 50 members to the Western Australian Legislative Assembly. The Labor party, led by Opposition Leader John Scaddan, defeated the conservative Ministerialist government led by Premier Frank Wilson. In doing so, Scaddan achieved both Labor's first absolute majority on the floor of the Assembly with 68% of the seats (34 of 50) won, and its largest to date. The result came as something of a surprise to many commentators and particularly to the Ministerialists, as they went to an election for the first time as a single grouping backed by John Forrest's Western Australian Liberal League, under a new system of compulsory preferential voting and new electoral boundaries both of which had been passed by Parliament earlier in the year despite ardent Labor opposition. 
The 1911 election is considered by political historians such as Brian de Garis and David Black to mark the end of the first phase of the development of party politics in Western Australia, which had begun with the granting of responsible government to the then British colony in 1890. Labor held onto government with a one-seat majority in the following 1914 election but lost power in 1916 after losing a by-election and after another member left the Labor Party to sit as an Independent.
The Scaddan government was characterised by its involvement in a number of State-owned manufacturing and service businesses on the back of a relatively sluggish economy. The Government Trading Concerns Act 1912 saw it establishing and running the State Brickworks, the State Saw Mills, the State Implement Works, the State Shipping Service, the State Hotels, the State Quarry at Boya as well as meatworks, ferries and tramways.
Results.
Notes:

</doc>
<doc id="18509499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509499" title="U-50488">
U-50488

U-50488 is a drug which acts as a highly selective κ-opioid agonist, but without any μ-opioid antagonist effects. It has analgesic, diuretic and antitussive effects, and reverses the memory impairment produced by anticholinergic drugs. U-50488 was one of the first selective kappa agonists invented and research on its derivatives has led to the development of a large family of related compounds.

</doc>
<doc id="18509507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509507" title="Ma. Po. Si.">
Ma. Po. Si.

"In this Indian name, the name "Ponnuswamy" is a patronymic, not a family name, and the person should be referred to by the given name, "Sivagnanam"."
M. P. Sivagnanam, (Mylapore Ponnuswamy Sivaganam) popularly known as Ma.Po.Si (26 June 1906 – 3 October 1995), was an Indian politician and the founder of the political party Tamil Arasu Kazhagam. He wrote more than 100 books.
Life History.
Mylapore Ponnuswamy Sivagnanam (Ma.Po.Si) was a Veteran Tamil Scholar and the Champion of Tamil Language  and Culture.Ma.Po.Si was an example of self-made leader, an embodiment of whatever is noble and great in Tamil tradition and culture. He belonged to a rare group of eminent personalities who, having had no formal education worth the name in a background of poverty and lack of social status, have risen. By dint of sheer self-effort to an exalted position
.Ma.Po.Si was born in the toddy-tapper community and overwhelming all odds,achieved distinction, as an eminent Tamil Scholar, a prolific writer, a silver tongued and persuasive orator who could hold spell bound the masses as well as classes, a true nationalist, with the seal of recognition earned through stints in jail for his activities in pursuance of the struggle for national independence.
A Gandhian, an educationalist, and protagonist of state autonomy without being a secessionist, and a crusader for a pre-eminent place for Tamil at all levels in education and the administration.
Ma.Po.Si was a multi-faceted personality, a humanist with a cultivated taste for the Tamil Classic tradition. As a dedicated leader of Tamils, Ma.Po.Si gained recognition from the prince and the peasant alike.Ma.Po.Si with no formal education to his credit, was able to earn the honour of being conferred a doctorate.
Ma.Po.Si was born on 26 June 1906 of humble parentage in Salvankuppam in Thousand Lights of Madras City, to God –fearing Parents, Ponnuswamy and Sivagami,belonging to the Gramani Community, a counterpart of the Nadars of the Southern Districts.For long, Sivagnanam was known as Sivagnanam Gramani, which denominational suffix he shed later.His early education was through his devout mother, and his school term ended at the commencement of Standard III, due to poverty, his father could not buy for him the class text books. Thereafter, the wide world was his school. Sivagnanam was the eldest of the surviving three of his parents’ ten children. Sivagnanam worked on daily wage for some time and later as a weaver for eight years.Subsequently he started life as a compositor in the Press of a Tamil Journal.
He was elected to the Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly from Thiyagarayanagar constituency contesting as a DMK contestant in 1967. His participation in the demarcation of TamilNadu has made him an important figure in the state’s history. It was through his efforts the state could retain Madras(now renamed as Chennai) and got Tiruttani from Andhra Pradesh (due to his the namade vs manade agitation) . He was the chairman (presiding officer) of Tamil Nadu Legislative Council when it was abolished by M. G. Ramachandran in 1986.
Fight for Retention of Madras (Chennai) as Tamilnadu state capital.
Potti Sreeramulu started an agitation for separate Andhra Pradesh. As part of this 'Madras Manade' movement was started, asking for Madras to be the capital of separated Andhra Pradesh. Ma.Po.Si through his Tamil Arasu Kazhagam agitated against Telugus' claim organising rallies, meetings and dharnas etc., saying தலை கொடுத்தேனும் தலைநகரைக் காப்போம் (We will protect and save the capital for Tamils even if we have to part with our heads). Leaders like C. Rajagopalachari supported Ma.Po.Si. 
Ma.Po.Si went to meet Sreeramulu during his fast, due to the high respect he had on him, amidst political differences.Andhra Kesari Prakasam who was with Sreeramulu told Ma.Po.Si that they want to keep Madras as their temporary capital. Ma.Po.Si denied his request. Ma.Po.Si through his Tamilasrasu Kazhagam held massive protests for want of Madras within TamilNadu.He was even prisoned at times for this. Sreeramulu died during a fatal fast,which increased more sympathy towards Andhra's demand.'Madras Manade ' movement attained more momentum. 
Nehru appointed Vansu, a Rajasthan based justice to look into the Madras issue. Rajaji pressured Nehru saying if Madras was given to Andhra, he will resign from his post. Ma.Po.Si submitted historical,literature facts to Vansu explaining the reason why he claims Thiruthani,Thirupathu,Madras to be grouped within Tamil Nadu. In between Nehru got an opportunity to read the famous speech Ma.Po.Si rendered in Madras Corporation. Two thousand telegrams were sent to Nehru from Tamil Nadu, emphasizing the need for Madras within Tamil Nadu. Finally Madras was attached to Tamil Nadu by the great efforts of Ma.Po.SI. 
Literary Journey.
Inspired by Subramanya Bharathi.
It was in Amaravathi prison where Ma.Po.Si started his literary journey.His interest to sangam literature was kindled by the words of Subramanya Bharathi.He claimed that the simple words of Bharathi acted as a tutor to take him to the next literary level.He attributed all his literary growth to Subramanya Bharathi.Ma.Po.Si is one of the authors to have written about 10 research books on Bharathi.
Books written by Ma.Po.Si on Subramanya Bharathi
"Vallalarum Bharathiyum(1965)"
"Engal Kavi Bharathi(1953)"
"Bharathiyum Aangilamum(1961)"
"Bharathi Kanda Orumaipadu(1962)"
"Ulaga Mahakavi Bharathi(1966)"
"Bharathiyar Pathaiyile(1974)"
"Bharathiyin Porkural(1979)"
"Bharathy Patri Ma.Po.Si Perurai(1983)"
"Tholkappiathilirunthu Bharathi varai(1979)"
"Ennai Valartha Bharathi(2013) Composed by Vikraman"
Silapathikaram.
He started reading Silapathikaram and got induced into it.He took the morals dictated by Silapathikaram as his bible ad enforced his party's principles based on the same.He was the one, who pioneered spreading the merits of Silapathikaram. Ma.Po.Si’s extensive research on "Silapathikaram" earned him the special title "Silambu Chelvar" by R. P. Sethu Pillai. His attraction towards this epic even made him name his daughters Kannagi and Madhavi.
Books written by Ma.Po.Si on Silapathikaram
"Silappatikaramum Thamizharum(1947)"
"Kannagi Vazhipadu(1950)"
"Illangovin Silambu(1953)"
"Veerakanagi(1958)"
"Nenjaiallum Silappatikaram(1961)"
"Madhaviyin Manbu(1968)"
"Kovalan Kutravaliya(1971)"
"Silappatikara Thiranaivu(1973)"
"Silappatikara Yathirai(1977)"
"Silappatikara Aayvurai(1979)"
"Silappatikara Uraiasiriyargal Sirappu(1980)"
"Silappatikarathil Yashum Esaiyum(1990)"
"Silambil Edupatathu eppadi(1994)"
Silapathikara Vizha.
Ma.Po.Si wanted to spread the merits of Silapathikaram throughout the world.He conducted the 'Silapathikara Vizha' in 1950 for the first time in Tamil History.It was held in Congress Grounds,Madras,TamilNadu.The ceremony consisted of eminent Tamil scholars from all Tamil parties.From 1950 onwards Ma.Po.Si's Tamil Arasu Kazhagam started celebrating the Silpathikara Vizha every year.
After Ma.Po.Si's demise, his daughter Ma.Po.Si Madhavi Baskeran started celebrating Silapathigara Vizha in 2013,through a Trust run by her in the name of her father.
V.O. Chidambaram Pillai.
Ma.Po.Si brought out the contribution of V.O. Chidambaram Pillai to the masses.He wrote V.O.Chidambaram Pillai's biography and named it as 'Kappalottiya Thamizhan'.Later V.O.Chidambaram Pillai was remembered by all as 'Kappalottiya Thamizhan'.A Tamil movie named Kappalottiya Thamizhan directed by B.R.Panthulu was taken based on Ma.Po.Si's biography.
Books written by Ma.Po.Si on V.O. Chidambaram Pillai
"Kappalottiya Thamizhan(1944)"
"Kappalottiya Chidambaranar(1972)"
Thalapathy Chidambaranar(1950)
Veerapandiya Kattabomman.
Ma.Po.Si was instrumental in reviving the public interest of Kattabomman through his biography he wrote.Later a Tamil movie named 'Veerapandiya Kattabomman (film)' was made which made Kattaboman more popular.Ma.Po.Si wrote the screenplay for this movie.
Books written by Ma.Po.Si on Veerapandiya Kattabomman
"Veerapandiya Kattabomman(1949)" Veerapandiya Kattabomman (book)
"Kayathatril Kattabomman(1950)"
"Suthanthira Veeran Kattabomman(1950)"
Thiruvalluvar.
Books written by Ma.Po.Si on Thiruvalluvar
"Thirukuralil Kalai Patri Kurathathen(1974)"
"Valluvar Thantha Vazhi(1952)"
"Thiruvalluvarum Karl Marxum(1960)"
Books of Ma.Po.Si translated in English.
He was the editor of "Senkol" which became the vehicle of his ideas on matters of political and literary.
In 1966, he was awarded the Sahitya Akademi Award for Tamil for his biography of Vallalar - "Vallalar kanda orumaipaadu". In 1972 Government of India awarded him Padma Shri for Literature & Education.
Educational Service.
1952-53 Chairman, Education Committee,Corporation of Madras.
1952-54 Member, Senate of Madras University
1957-69 Member, Senate of Madurai Kamaraj University
1972-76 Member, Syndicate of Madras University
1978 Member, Senate of Annamalai University
1981 Delivered Convocation Address in the Rural University, Gandhigram,Tamil Nadu
Chairman of several committees, commissions constituted by the Madras University .
Delivered Endowment lectures for six times in Madras and Madurai University
Delivered convocation Address in the University of Madras
Member,Senate of the Madurai-Kamarajar University
Senate Member, Tamil University of Thanjavur.
Various books written by him such as Veerapandia Kattabomman,Kappalottiyathamizhan, Vallalar Kanda Orumaippaadu, KambanKaviyinbam,Kalingaththu parani, Bharathiyaarin Paadhaiyile etc.,have been prescribed as text books for High Schools, colleges and as Reference books for Post-Graduates courses.
Library Movement.
1952-54 Chairman, Madras District Local Library Authority
1970-73 Chairman, Madras District Local Library Authority, 2nd time
1972-74 Member, Tamil Nadu State Local Library Authority Responsible for the creation of separate department and Director for Librariesin Tamil Nadu and also for increasing the Library Cess from 3 paise to 5 paise.
Visit to Foreign Countries.
1948 First visited Ceylon and toured for 28 days
1956 Visited Burma and toured for 18 days
1964-65 Visited Malaysia and Singapore twice
1965 Visited Kulalampur and participated as the representative of Government of Tamil Nadu in the World Tamil Conference held at Kulalumpur
1970 Participated as the representative of Government of Tamil Nadu in The World Tamil Conference held at Paris
1970 Visited Soviet Union and toured for seven days at the invitation of Soviet Union
1970 Visited London and stayed for three days on his way back to India from Paris and studied the working of Library Movement and Police Administration
1986 Visited London and United States of America for over three weeks.Toured various places in America and participated in World Peace Conference in Virginia
Awards and Titles.
1950 Awarded title "Silambu Selvar" by Prof. R.P.Sethupillai
1966  "Sahithya Academy Award" for the book written by him ‘Vallalarkanda Orumaipadu"
1970 Award given by UNESCO Mandram, Madras during International Education Year
1972  ‘Padmashri’ Award by the President of India
1976 ‘Kalaimamani’ title by Tamil Nadu Iyal,Isai, Nataka Mandram, Madras
1979  “Doctor of Literature” by the University of Madras
1979  “Doctor of Literature” by the Annamalai University, Chidambaram, TamilNadu
1980 Tamil Nadu Government has awarded a prize for the book written by his namely,"Enathu Porattam" containing 1200 pages. This book wasreleased by the President of India Thiru. V.V.Giri.
1985 The book “ Viduthalai Poril Thamizhagam” was nationalized by the Tamil Nadu Government
1985 Award of ‘Peravai chemmal’ by Madurai Kamarajar University
2006 Hon'ble Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu Dr. Kalaignar M Karunanidhi on August 15 Tuesday 2006 released commemorative postage stamp issued by the Department of Posts on freedom fighter and Tamil scholar Silambu Selvar M.P. Sivagnanam (Ma.Po.Si.) .
2006 Books of Ma.Po.Si Nationalized by the Tamil Nadu Government.
2011 Statue of Ma.Po.Si unveiled in Tyagaraya Nagar (T. Nagar, Chennai)

</doc>
<doc id="18509533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509533" title="Invertigo (roller coaster)">
Invertigo (roller coaster)

Invertigo is a type of shuttle roller coaster manufactured by Dutch company, Vekoma. It is a variation on their traditional Boomerang design.
History.
The first installation of an Invertigo roller coaster occurred at Liseberg in 1997. "HangOver" was originally scheduled to open in 1996 as a launched roller coaster, however, the technology at the time prevented this from occurring and forced the opening back by a year. On March 21, 1998, California's Great America opened a ride known simply as "Invertigo". On April 17, 1999, "Face/Off" opened at Kings Island. It was originally themed after the 1997 Paramount Pictures film of the same name. On May 8, 1999, Two Face: The Flip Side opened at Six Flags America. It was themed after DC Comics' Batman rival, Harvey Dent A.K.A. Two Face.
In 2002, HangOver at Liseberg closed and was relocated to Allou Fun Park the following year. The ride, however, was never set up there and was relocated to Sommerland Syd where it operated under the name "Tornado" from July 2, 2005.
In 2008, Face/Off at Kings Island was renamed to Invertigo following the park's initiative to remove Paramount themes from the park after being sold to Cedar Fair two years prior.
On January 27, 2011, California's Great America announced that Invertigo would be removed from the theme park and relocated to a different amusement park. Cedar Fair stated that a new attraction would be placed at the former location of Invertigo. California's Great America also announced Invertigo will be going to a new home in a different Cedar Fair park. "Invertigo" was removed and moved into storage in Allentown, Pennsylvania. While in storage, the track received a new teal paint scheme, with the supports remaining in royal blue. On August 30, 2011, "Dorney Park & Wildwater Kingdom" announced that they would be opening "Stinger" for the park's 2012 season. In November 2011, "Dorney Park" has completed construction for the coaster and in December they are building the station and queue. In early January 2012, the coaster has gotten electricity, and the entrance and queue area is nearing completion to be finished.
In 2011, Sommerland Syd's installation of Tornado closed with the ride currently being relocated to Bagatelle where it operates as "Triops" from June 30, 2012.
On February 13, 2012, Kings Island posted a picture of Invertigo getting a new paint scheme on their Facebook page. The ride now has aqua track and royal blue supports, similar to Stinger at Dorney Park.
Ride experience.
Invertigo is an inverted version of the Vekoma Boomerang roller coaster where riders sit face-to-face, staring at fellow passengers through the course of the ride. The train completes the circuit twice running in the opposite direction as it returns to the station. This gives riders the opportunity to experience the ride in both directions moving forwards and backwards.
The ride begins when the train is pulled backwards from the station and up a lift hill. It is held for several seconds before releasing riders into a drop sending them through the loading station. The train then enters a Cobra roll element that transitions into a vertical loop. Upon exiting the loop, the train climbs the second lift hill making it most of the way up on its own momentum. Once towed to the top, the train is quickly released sending riders through the ride in reverse before being caught by the first lift hill and returned to the loading station.
Incidents.
In 2003, Two Face: The Flip Side stalled on one of the lift hills, and had riders stuck on the ride for a lengthy period of time until they were rescued; the ride was shut down for inspection but later reopened after it was cleared for operation. The ride would undergo five years without incident until August 2007, when the ride had stalled once again while carrying riders; after being stuck for a period of time, the ride was shut down for inspection after riders were rescued. When the ride was cleared for operation later that month, the ride functioned properly without any incident.
In October 2007, the same installation unexpectedly stopped on one of the lift hills. When one of the ride attendants attempted to rescue the riders, the train unintentionally moved back into the station and damaged one of the hydraulic lines. Hydraulic fluid was sprayed onto several riders, causing them minor injuries that required at least ten people to go to a local hospital as a result of being burnt from the temperature of the fluid, in addition to victims treated at the scene for back and neck injuries. Before the fluid sprayed, one of the riders (about 40 minutes into the situation) used their cell phone to dial 9-1-1 in request of assistance from Prince George's County rescue teams. Six Flags America officials stated that the ride had been inspected that same day and was clear of any problems; however, Maryland investigators said that roller coasters of the 2003-era feature technology that is more difficult to comprehend than older models, thus making it almost impossible to find the cause of the incident.
Maryland's Department of Labor, Licensing, and Regulation ordered the closure of Two Face: The Flip Side including retaining the certificate of operation for the ride, until the ride could be proven safe, which never occurred. Eventually it was noted that a safety sensor had malfunctioned and caused the coaster to stall and unexpectedly jolt back to the station. For the 2008 season, the ride sat not in operation while the investigation continued, although due to the many breakdowns of the ride, it was put up for sale and eventually bought by an unknown client. By 2009, the ride had been dismantled (its current whereabouts are unknown), and the site remains vacant as of 2010 with the Six Flags trademarked "Under Funstruction" sign.
On August 10, 2009, at 12:15pm PST, the Invertigo roller coaster at California's Great America experienced a mechanical failure, trapping 24 people in the air in 90 degree weather. The park requested police and firefighter assistance. After the last rider was brought to safety at 5:45pm PST the rescued riders were given free pizza and soft drinks.
On June 6, 2012, Stinger at Dorney Park experienced an incident where riders were stuck for approximately an hour and a half on the first lift. They were eventually brought to safety. According to Dorney Park officials, this incident was completely different from the 2009 incident when the roller coaster was installed at California's Great America.
On June 17, 2013, the roller coaster became stuck again for an hour and a half.

</doc>
<doc id="18509549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509549" title="Pseudopogonogaster mirabilis">
Pseudopogonogaster mirabilis

Pseudopogonogaster mirabilis is a species of praying mantis native to Colombia and Ecuador.

</doc>
<doc id="18509567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509567" title="Brahmo Conference Organisation">
Brahmo Conference Organisation

The Brahmo Conference Organisation ("Sammilan") was founded on 27 January 1881 at Mymensingh Bangladesh to maintain communication between Adi Dharm and Sadharan Brahmo Samaj after the 2nd schism of Brahmoism in 1878. The stated objectives for founding the organisation included
History.
In 1878 the 2nd Brahmo schism ensues resulting in formation of the "Sadharan Brahmo Samaj" with the support of the Adi Brahmo Samaj. The remnant "New Dispensation" ("Nabobidhan") sect creates confusion that they are also Brahmos and start a Samaj at Bhowanipore called "Sammilan Samaj".
In 1879 the Adi Brahmo Samaj at Kolkatta deputed Hemendranath Tagore and Aghore Mukhopadhyaya to resolve theological differences with Sivanath Sastri and Ananda Mohan Bose of the other Samaj.
In 1880 a famous proclamation is issued by 8 prominent Brahmos of Sylhet at Commila, calling "inter alia" for a common organisation to oppose the New Dispensation which "is totally opposed to Brahmoism".
On 27 January 1881 the organisation was formed at Mymensingh. The first President was Hemendranath Tagore, the Secretary was Sivanath Sastri and the Treasurer was Raj Chandra Chaudhuri (son-in-law of Nobin Chandra Roy).
On 24 March 1881 the organisation was formally registered as a Society under the "Indian Societies Act, 1860" at Mymensingh.
After the untimely death of Hemendranath Tagore in 1884, differences again arose between the Adi Brahmos and Sadharan Brahmos in 1888. A furious row resulted in the Adi Brahmos legally shifting the Society to Lahore in the Punjab where Nobin Chandra Roy was settled.
In 1890, an unofficial splinter conference was convened at Dhaka Bangladesh by Bhubanmohan Sen and Sasibhusan Datta, with the tacit support of Sadharan Samaj.
In 1891, a rival Brahmo "Sammilan" Organisation was formed in Bangladesh, with the support of the Bhowanipore Sammillan Samaj, by non-Brahmin factions of Sadharan Brahmo Samaj and "Nabobidhan" who had married inter-caste under Act III of 1872. The disagreements within the Sadharan Samaj over validity of caste in Brahmoism intensified and in 1907 the Brahmo Conference Organisation resolved that (for purpose of Census of India) "only such Brahmos who accept Trust principles of 1830 completely are entitled to the Brahmo name". Confronted with the results of the 1911 census, Sivanath Sastri was caused to dispute the census figures and retort in 1912 quoting Mr.S.Fletcher Williams "There are more Brahmos outside the Brahmo Samaj than within it". Till 1916 no Brahmin was openly associated with this Sammilan, however, in this year Sivnath Sastri accepted an invitation to be President of the rival "Sammilani" conclave.
In 1942 during World War II elders of the Brahmo Conference accepted an invitation from Amar Chandra Bhattacharya to participate in the rival organisation's "unity" conclave at Dhamua (West Bengal), but they were assaulted there and the police had to be called in. Ever since that fateful day, the organisation has distrusted all peace efforts to unite the Brahmin and non-Brahmin factions within Sadharan Samaj.
In 1949 after the Partition of India, the organisation was shifted to Kanpur.
Beliefs.
The Conference has certified 2 versions of the Fundamental Brahmo principles to be followed till such time as unity is achieved. These are also known as Brahmo Dharma Beej.
Controversies.
Caste.
The Secretary of the organisation circulated the current Brahmo position on caste in a series of messages.
Casteism is allowed in Brahmoism.
"The Trust principles refer to "all sorts and descriptions of people without distinction" This is not a prohibition against caste. It admits that people are of all sorts and description. It denies "distinction" among them. In other words people can be "sorted" into caste but the people within the "caste" cannot have distinctions. This Brahmic concept has even been incorporated into India's Constitution as a fundamental right.

</doc>
<doc id="18509571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509571" title="Niaosung Culture">
Niaosung Culture

The Niaosung Culture (Traditional Chinese: 蔦松文化) was an archaeological culture in southern Taiwan. It distributed around the region of Tainan and Kaohsiung. The culture existed in the Iron Age of Taiwan island. Some evidences suggested that Niaosung Culture was directly relative to the Siraya people, an aboriginal tribe which is still living in this area. 
There is a set of several archaeological sites formed the culture, such as the Niaosung Site (蔦松遺址), Futingchin Site (覆頂金遺址), Hsiliao Site (西寮遺址) and Kanhsi Site (看西遺址). Some were discovered in the archaeological research excavations, and some in other works such as digging fish farms or building factories. These sites had been excavated out potteries or middens. 

</doc>
<doc id="18509573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509573" title="Pachymantis bicingulata">
Pachymantis bicingulata

Pachymantis bicingulata is a species of praying mantis found in Malaysia, Sumatra, Java, and Borneo.

</doc>
<doc id="18509600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509600" title="Watermelon Chess">
Watermelon Chess

Watermelon Chess is a two-player abstract strategy game from China where it is known as Xi Gua Qi. It is also known as The Surround Game and Globe. It is related to the Bear games of the ancient Romans. In fact, the board is exactly the same as one of the Bear Games. The difference is that in Watermelon Chess each player has six pieces, whereas in the Bear Games, there are three hunters played by one player, and one bear played by the other player. Furthermore, in the Bear games, only the hunters can surround and immobilize the movements of the one bear; the bear merely moves to avoid this as it is impossible for the bear itself to immobilize any of the hunters. In Watermelon Chess, every piece can participate in immobilizing the other player's pieces; furthermore, surrounded enemy pieces are captured.
The Go variant Sz'Kwa uses the same board.
Watermelon Chess is not related to Chess even though it includes the word "chess" in its name. The boards and pieces are completely different from one another. In Chess, the goal is to capture the King, whereas, in Watermelon Chess, the goal is to capture the opponent's pieces and reduce their numbers to two.
Goal.
To reduce the opponent's numbers to two pieces.
Equipment.
The board is composed of a large circle with an inner middle circle. Four semicircles form a North, South, East, and West arrangement in the interior of the larger circle. The large circle and the smaller middle circle are divided equally into four pie slices. This creates for twenty-one intersection points where the pieces are played upon.
Each player has six pieces. One player plays the black pieces, and the other player plays the white pieces, however, any two colors or distinguishable objects will do.
Game Play and Rules.
1. Players decide what colors to play, and who starts first.
2. Each player's six pieces are initially placed on the six closest intersection points on their side of the board. 
3. Players alternate their turns, and move one piece per turn. A piece can move one space per turn following the pattern on the board.
4. Enemy pieces can be captured if surrounded by the player's pieces so that it cannot move. Only one enemy piece can be captured per turn. Captured pieces are removed from the board.

</doc>
<doc id="18509601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509601" title="Pachymantis dohertii">
Pachymantis dohertii

Pachymantis dohertii is a species of praying mantis native to Perak in Malaysia.

</doc>
<doc id="18509605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509605" title="Aphaeninae">
Aphaeninae

The subfamily Aphaeninae is a group of hemipteran insects, especially abundant and diverse in the tropics. They belong to the Fulgoridae (fulgorids), though they are not among the more well-known members of that family which are called "lantern bugs" or "lantern flies" (although as true bugs they are only distantly related to true flies). In 2009, the first molecular analysis of the Fulgoridae, challenged the existing structure of eight currently recognized subfamilies, and eleven tribes.
Aphaeninae contain a number of well-sized fulgorids. If seen flying at a distance, they can be mistaken for Lepidoptera, as they are large-winged and boldly patterned, although usually not as colorful as some other fulgorids.
The future of the Aphaeninae as a subfamily is unclear since the species assigned to it are interlineated in the molecular analysis with species of other Fulgoridae subfamilies.

</doc>
<doc id="18509609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509609" title="Alvord House">
Alvord House

The Alvord House is a historic stone farmhouse in the Town of Salina, New York, just north of Syracuse. The Alvord family were merchants in the then-emerging salt manufacturing business in the Salina area in the early 19th century. In 1835, this house was constructed on what was then a large tract of farmland. It was the main house amongst a small cluster of other homes and outbuildings on the family farm. Presently, the stone house is all that remains of the Alvord estate. It is contained within a small public park in the hamlet of Lyncourt. The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="18509627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509627" title="Parablepharis kuhlii">
Parablepharis kuhlii

Parablepharis kuhlii is a species of praying mantis found in India, Myanmar, Vietnam, Borneo, and Java.

</doc>
<doc id="18509645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509645" title="Paratoxodera cornicollis">
Paratoxodera cornicollis

Paratoxodera cornicollis, common name Giant Malaysian Stick Mantis, is a species of praying mantis found in Malaysia, Sumatra, Java, and Borneo.

</doc>
<doc id="18509659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509659" title="Helicon Photo Safe">
Helicon Photo Safe

Helicon Photo Safe is a proprietary freeware and commercial digital image organization and protection tool produced by Helicon Soft Ltd. It is designed to be an image viewer and organizer which works together with the editing program Helicon Filter, as well as an image encryption tool. It is intended to be integrated into the future Helicon Filter 5.
Features.
Helicon Photo Safe is compatible with both RAW formats and most standard formats, it can be used to access all photos on a computer, and images can be rated and tagged. In the commercial version, images may also be encrypted for protection.
Helicon Image Importer.
The Helicon Image Importer is a tool which can import photos from various media. It can also perform automatic image renaming, grouping of images, batch keyword assignment, lossless jpeg rotation, and iptc editiong.

</doc>
<doc id="18509688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509688" title="Lubeluzole">
Lubeluzole

Lubeluzole (Prosynap) is a drug which acts as an indirect NMDA antagonist. It inhibits the release of glutamate, inhibits nitric oxide synthesis, and blocks calcium and sodium gated ion channels. It has neuroprotective effects particularly in hypoxic conditions, and was developed for the treatment of stroke. Trials showed it to be safe, effective and well tolerated at low doses, but unfortunately higher doses produced the dangerous cardiac side effect of lengthening the QTc interval, which could potentially lead to heart failure, and so this meant that subsequent trials were limited to using only the low dose range. Animal studies had shown lubeluzole to produce neuroprotective effects when administered for prolonged periods, but the aim of its developers was to produce a drug that would be effective for preventing damage from acute stroke, and so ultimately it failed to show sufficient efficacy in trials and development for medical use was halted.

</doc>
<doc id="18509689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509689" title="Kurnell Desalination Plant">
Kurnell Desalination Plant

The Sydney Desalination Plant is a drinking water supply plant operated by Veolia Water Australia Pty Ltd on behalf of Sydney Desalination Plant Pty Ltd. It is located in the Kurnell industrial estate area, in Sydney's southern suburbs. The desalination plant was built by the Blue Water Joint Venture, under contract to Sydney Water. The Blue Water Joint Venture comprised the plant constructor, John Holland Pty Ltd, and the operator, Veolia Water Australia Pty Ltd.
The plant uses reverse osmosis filtration membranes to remove salt from seawater and is powered using renewable energy. The renewable energy is supplied to the national power grid from the Capital Wind Farm owned by Infigen Energy at Bungendore, NSW.
The Kurnell plant is the third major desalination plant built in Australia, after Kwinana in Perth which was completed in 2006 and Tugun on the Gold Coast which was completed in 2009.
Feasibility.
The 2004 Metropolitan Water Plan indicated that planning for a desalination plant would be undertaken so that, if the drought continued, it would be possible to construct a desalination plant relatively quickly and efficiently. The feasibility study was undertaken during the first half of 2005 and concluded that desalination is a feasible option for water supply management in Sydney.
Decision to build.
On 16 October 2006 the NSW Minister for Planning Frank Sartor signed the approval for Sydney Water to proceed with the construction of the Kurnell Desalination Plant.
Sydney summers during the first decade of the 21st century saw significant declines of dam storage levels. A state of drought in the Sydney catchment areas existed between March 2001 and at least January 2007. Except for 1998, inflows into Warragamba Dam, Sydney's main dam were below average from 1992 until 2006. The last time Sydney's dams were all 100% full was in 1998. Between January 2004 and July 2007, Sydney's available water storage dropped below 55%. Water supply levels reached their lowest recorded point on 9–10 February 2007 of 33.8% In November 2009, water storage again dropped below 55%.
In response to these problems, the NSW Government's "2006 Metropolitan Water Plan" identified desalination as a way of securing Sydney's water supply needs in the case of a severe, prolonged drought:
When operating at full capacity, the Sydney desalination plant will supply up to 15% of the drinking water supply for Sydney. It was the largest water supply project for Sydney, Australia's biggest city, since Warragamba Dam was opened in 1960 by the Sydney Metropolitan Water Sewerage and Drainage Board. The desalination project was announced in February 2007, when Sydney dam levels dropped to 33.8% of total storage (just 3.8% higher than the adaptive trigger of "about 30% of dam storage levels" foreshadowed in the 2006 Metropolitan Water Plan), the lowest level reached since the drought that preceded the opening of Warragamba, in the 1940s and 1950s. 
Other options to supplement Sydney's water supply were ruled out – a new dam was ruled out due to land availability and environmental reasons, drinking recycled waste water and stormwater was ruled out due to lack of community acceptance in Sydney, and rainwater tanks, although encouraged, would not supply enough reliable, potable water, to secure the water supply in times of drought and climate change.
Infrastructure and capacity.
The original proposal was to build a plant with a 125ML per day capacity that could be scaled up to 500ML if necessary. The decision was made before building, that a 250ML plant would be built instead, although still with the potential to be scaled up to 500ML.
The desalination plant is connected to the Tasman Sea via intake and outlet tunnels. The plant is connected to the water supply by a pipeline under Botany Bay from Kurnell to Kyeemagh, thence under Kogarah Golf Course, along the northern shore of the Alexandra canal and finally connecting to the Sydney water supply network via City Tunnel near Ashmore street, Erskineville.
At Erskineville, the drinking water delivered via the pipeline from Kurnell is delivered into the City Tunnel connecting Potts Hill Reservoir, in western Sydney, to the Waterloo Pumping Station, in eastern Sydney. Off-take pipes along the length of the City Tunnel mean that, depending on demand, desalinated water will be fed into the drinking water supply throughout much of metropolitan Sydney. In the process, the desalination plant-supplied water will ease the drawdown on water from the city's surface storages such as Warragamba Dam. 
Sydney residents south of Sydney Harbour and as far west as Bankstown are the direct consumers of the desalinated water. 
Both the tunnels to the sea and the pipeline to the water supply have been built to the capacity of 500ML per day, so if the plant is ever expanded, the supporting infrastructure is already in place.
Construction Cost.
The total approved budget of the project was $1.896 billion and it was delivered on time and in excess of an estimated $60 million under this budget at the completion of construction. The final cost of the plant, before it was refinanced by the NSW Government to the private sector, was $1.803 billion. The plant was refinanced with a book value, however, of in excess of $2 billion in early 2012, providing a profit to the government at transaction close. 
Operation.
The plant operated continually for its first two years.
On 9 December 2011 the dam storage level reached 80%. The NSW Minister for Finance and Services Greg Pearce directed the Sydney Desalination Plant to reduce supply to about 90 million litres a day. The plant’s performance and increased dam levels mean the original two-year proving period of running the plant at full capacity (250 million litres/day) can end early. When the dam storage level reached 90% capacity, the Minister directed the Sydney Desalination Plant to cease production on 2 July 2012. Production will recommence when dam storage levels reach 70% and will remain in production until dam storage levels reach 80%.
Proposed leasing.
In November 2011 the NSW State Government Treasurer Mike Baird called for registrations of interest for long term leasing of the desalination plant.
Capital Wind Farm, Bungendore.
Part of the Kurnell plant's cost was the construction of a wind farm to offset the energy usage of the plant with 100% renewable energy. The Capital Wind Farm at Bungendore was built for this purpose and produces approx 450GWh per year. The generating/nameplate capacity is 140 MW.
Awards.
The Sydney Desalination Plant was named “Desalination Plant of the Year” at the 2011 Global Water Awards in Berlin.
The refinancing of Sydney Desalination Plant won the "Project of the Year Award" at the Infrastructure Partnerships Australia’s 2013 National Infrastructure Awards.
Controversies.
Water quality concerns regarding the proximity of the seawater inlet to the desalination plant to the nearby sewage ocean outfall. 
Economists have described the project as a billion dollar bungle. 

</doc>
<doc id="18509691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509691" title="Paratoxodera borneana">
Paratoxodera borneana

Paratoxodera borneana, common name Borneo Stick Mantis, is a species of praying mantis found in Brunei that was first identified as a subspecies of "P. cornicollis".

</doc>
