<doc id="18450668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450668" title="Ringo Starr &amp; His All Starr Band Live 2006">
Ringo Starr &amp; His All Starr Band Live 2006

Ringo Starr & His All Starr Band Live 2006 is a 2008 live album by rock musician and ex-Beatle Ringo Starr and his "All-Starr Band". It was recorded during his 2006 All-Starr Tour in Uncasville, Connecticut.
In addition to Starr, his co-stars are Billy Squier, Edgar Winter, Hamish Stuart, Richard Marx, Rod Argent and Sheila E.
This particular All-Starr tour was notable for Starr's personal and professional break with longtime collaborator, Mark Hudson, who declined to participate, inciting the split.

</doc>
<doc id="18450672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450672" title="Hiram">
Hiram

See Hiram (name) for people with the name Hiram

</doc>
<doc id="18450687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450687" title="Broadway Playhouse at Water Tower Place">
Broadway Playhouse at Water Tower Place

Broadway Playhouse at Water Tower Place is operated by Broadway In Chicago, a Nederlander Presentation. Located at Water Tower Place in Chicago, Illinois, it was formerly known as Drury Lane Theatre Water Tower Place.
History.
The original Drury Lane Water Tower Place opened in 1976, but was closed in 1983 and became a movie theater. Drury Lane Theatre group founder Anthony DeSantis spent $9 million to transform another movie theater located on 175 East Chestnut Street just off Michigan Avenue into a showplace for live performances in Chicago. At the time of his death in 2007, the DeSantis family remained owners of the theater. The new Drury Lane Water Tower Place, opened May 18, 2004 with similar décor and mainstream musical and comedy line-ups of its sister theater in Oakbrook. This next era for the 549-seat Drury Lane Water Tower began with performances of "The Full Monty". This was followed by Broadway In Chicago productions of "The 25th Annual Putnam County Spelling Bee", "SHOUT! The Mod Musical" and "Xanadu."
2010 re-opening.
On April 6, 2010, Broadway In Chicago announced that it had entered into a long-term agreement with General Growth Properties, owner and manager of the Water Tower Place shopping center, to re-open the theatre as the Broadway Playhouse at Water Tower Place. The newest of 5 theatres operated by Broadway In Chicago, it is adjacent to the Water Tower Place shopping center along Chicago's Magnificent Mile.
The rebranded theater officially opened on September 24, 2010 with a short series of concert performances by Sutton Foster, followed by a production of "Traces", a French Canadian urban acrobatics show. The first marquee production at the Broadway Playhouse was a new production of the 1978 Studs Terkel musical "Working", featuring additional material written by Lin Manuel Miranda, the writer behind "In the Heights". David Stone, the producer of "Wicked" and "Next to Normal," as well as Mark Platt were also involved with the show that went up in spring of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="18450689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450689" title="Basie Straight Ahead">
Basie Straight Ahead

Basie Straight Ahead is a LP album recorded at TTG Studios, Hollywood, California in October 1968 featuring Count Basie and his orchestra. The tunes were all composed, arranged and conducted by Sammy Nestico. The engineers were Ami Hadani and Thorne Nogar, and the producers were Tom Mack and Teddy Reig. The disc was issued in 1968 on Dot label and on English EMI.
Track listing.
All tracks by Sammy Nestico

</doc>
<doc id="18450690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450690" title="Alan Thornhill">
Alan Thornhill

Alan Thornhill (born 1921) is a British artist and sculptor whose long association with clay developed from pottery into sculpture. His evolved methods of working enabled the dispensing of the sculptural armature to allow improvisation, whilst his portraiture challenges "notions of normality" through rigorous observation.
Biography.
Born in London, he grew up in Fittleworth, West Sussex, attended Radley College, and then in 1939 went to New College, Oxford to read Modern History. In 1944 he returned to Oxford, having been released from the Army for conscientious objection. He obtained his degree, and spent a year in Italy based in Florence, teaching English at Pisa University. He then stayed six months in Oslo undergoing Reichian therapy, from which came the decision to try working with his hands.
In 1949 he was accepted for the pottery course at Camberwell School of Art under Dick Kendall and Nora Braden, followed by a year at Farnham under Henry Hammond and Paul Barron, before moving in 1951 to Eastcombe, Gloucestershire, where Hawkley Pottery was set up at Toadsmoor. In 1958, frustrated by the repetition involved in making and selling pots, he started to gravitate towards claywork and sculpture, and in 1959 moved to London, having found a property in Putney which included a semi-derelict outbuilding that became his studio. His studio still remains there, although he is now largely based near Stroud, Gloucestershire. 
He first taught claywork at Kingston School of Art, Barking Regional College, Rush Green College of Further Education and then sculpture at Morley College, London between 1970 and 1987, and at the former Frink School of Sculpture where he was a founder trustee and with a later teaching role (1995–2001).
Working methods.
Devising his own way of working which dispensed with the traditional sculptor's armature, he began working with random clay elements, constructed of coarse clay with uniform thickness, so that sculpture could develop, be turned and incorporate subconscious impulses in building the work. The assemblage of clay elements was dried and slowly kiln fired, if necessary being cut up to accommodate to the size of kiln and then rejoined after firing. The simple impetus was the desire to produce another sculpture, yet the later resulting large works - part figurative, part abstract, came to echo pre-occupations for him at that time. The process of improvisation and avoiding pre-conceived ideas (and in his portraiture, avoiding "notions of normality" through rigorous observation) continues to be taught through some of his own former pupils. His writings include notes about portraiture and the nature of the creative process.
Portraiture.
His portraiture in public collections includes:
Other eminent figures who sat included Enoch Powell, Christabel Bielenberg, Frank Cousins, Richard Rodney Bennett, Michael Cardew, Sir Colin Davis and Basil Bunting.
Public sculpture.
Public works include "Bond", purchased by the permanent collection of the Jerwood Foundation and presently at Jerwood Sculpture, Ragley Hall.
Nine large works now form the Putney Sculpture Trail along the River Thames at Putney in the Borough of Wandsworth, formally opened in September 2008. Load has been on Putney Embankment since 1989.
Punch 'n' Judy a large bronze sculpture is usually on display at the Museum in the Park, Stroud, Gloucestershire, which also holds some charcoal drawings and small terracotta works, such as 'Drowning Woman with Rescuer' [http://www.museuminthepark.org.uk/images.asp?pid=24&pgid=530&image_id=912&Submit=Go].
Biographical film.
A 40 minute documentary, produced by his daughter Anna Thornhill, "Spirit in Mass: Journey into Sculpture", was released in 2008 with an award from Screen South and UK Film Council. This was launched in Oxford and subsequently appeared at the Appledore Visual Arts Festival 2008 and Chichester International Film Festival. Artist and writer Clare Carswell is interviewed in the film.
Portraits of Thornhill.
Terracotta portrait heads of Alan Thornhill exist by former students of the Frink School of Sculpture Jon Edgar and Sarah Smith, from sittings in Gloucestershire in 2004 and 2005 respectively. These are both featured in the film.
Henry Moore Institute Archive.
The bronze sculpture, "Walking and Talking" and many of the files and papers relating to Thornhill's portraits were acquired in 2007 by the Henry Moore Institute in Leeds, UK.

</doc>
<doc id="18450692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450692" title="George Webber (cinematographer)">
George Webber (cinematographer)

George Webber (10 May 1876 – 29 August 1967), was a Canadian-born American cinematographer. He cinematographed 171 films between 1914 and 1949.
He was born in Kingston, Ontario, Canada and died in New York, New York, USA.

</doc>
<doc id="18450699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450699" title="L'Estère">
L'Estère

Petites dedunes (Creole: "Ti dedin") is a municipality in the Gonaïves Arrondissement, in the Artibonite Department of Haiti.
It has 3,000 inhabitants.This historical city of 3,000 inhabitants is where the famous battle of the revolution took place on February 23, 1803 between the troops of Rochambeau and Dessalines at the Ravine-a-Couleuvre.

</doc>
<doc id="18450700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450700" title="Airbrush makeup">
Airbrush makeup

Airbrush makeup is makeup sprayed onto the skin using an airbrush instead of being applied with sponges, brushes, fingers, or other methods. It is popular in film, theater, and sunless tanning; although systems designed for personal cosmetic use in the home are also available. Airbrush systems designed for these purpose are usually smaller and work at a lower pressures than systems used in industrial applications. The technique was first used in 1959 on actors in Ben Hur and has since grown in popularity in the entertainment business.
History.
Airbrushed makeup was first used in the film 1959 "Ben Hur", where the makeup artists used the technique to apply makeup to a large cast.
Uses.
Airbrush makeup has become more popular with the advent of high-definition video and television (HD). Traditional powder or liquid based make-up can settle and appear in pores and wrinkles and be visible on HD film. As the makeup is sprayed on, it connects with the skin as millions of droplets of formula. The formula can create an even, sheer, natural appearance to the skin that, if applied properly for a natural look, can appear natural and non-heavy like traditional makeup. Airbrush makeup wears longer than traditional powder or liquid foundation, able to stay put upwards of 12–24 hours. It can be used to cover five o'clock shadows for men. Airbrush makeup is also available for eye shadow, blush, eyebrows and lips and can be layered, shaded, highlighted and contoured. Application wise, the technique is more sanitary than traditional makeup application due the artist never having to touch the skin. It's also faster, if done by a trained artist. Fantasy and special effects are able to be stenciled or created by freehand.
Ingredients.
Airbrush makeup comes in six different formulas:
Airbrush makeup can be removed by using a 50/50 mix of isopropyl alcohol and isopropyl myristate.
Technique.
Airbrushing for makeup utilizes a freehand technique to apply makeup while manipulating aspects such as distance and PSI strength (air pressure) to produce certain effects and coverage. Airbrush makeup artists will either use a circular motion or forward-back motion with the airgun when applying foundation. Both dual-action and single-action airbrushes can be used for airbrushing makeup and require slightly different techniques. 
A dual-action airbrush allows the user to control airflow by depressing the trigger with the index finger and drawing it backwards. This draws air from the compressor. The further the trigger is depressed, the more makeup is released. The advantage to using a dual-action airbrush is that one can use the air as a guide before allowing makeup to pass through the nozzle. Air is also used to dry the makeup after application. Makeup is also mixed in the cup by allowing a small amount of air to flow into it, thereby mixing two pigments. This technique is known as 'back-bubbling'. 
A single-action airbrush is generally considered easier to use because depressing the trigger releases a fixed ratio of makeup to air. However, in order to achieve different levels of coverage and detail the nozzle has to be changed between applications. 
Generally an airbrush makeup artist will work with a PSI range between 0-35 PSI. Many compressors designed for personal use in the home will not achieve airflow greater than 15 PSI. A low PSI is preferable when airbrushing makeup around the face and eyes while full body application (such as covering blemishes or tanning) is easier and faster with a higher PSI. 
Airbrush makeup is applied by layering several passes of makeup. This allows the artists to build upon previous layers to produce subtle changes. When applying foundation between 6-12 drops of makeup is used. The makeup is sprayed onto the face at a distance of 6-12 inches.
Stencils are commonly used to assist the application of difficult areas such as eye-liner. Stencils are also available for body-art and temporary tattoos. 

</doc>
<doc id="18450704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450704" title="Ackers">
Ackers

Ackers is a surname. People with this surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18450715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450715" title="Museum Institute for Teaching Science">
Museum Institute for Teaching Science

The Museum Institute for Teaching Science (MITS), based in Boston, Massachusetts, USA, and founded in 1983, provides resources to K-8 school teachers of science, technology, engineering, and mathematics.
In cooperation with educators at science and natural history museums, MITS initiates and sponsors innovative science teaching methods at both public and private schools in the USA. MITS produces compendiums, teaching workshops, seminars, and an annual publication, "Science is Elementary", with an aim of providing activities that teachers can use as a model for their classroom activities and curriculum.
MITS organizes a Summer Institute for K-8 educators.

</doc>
<doc id="18450716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450716" title="Ethanol use and sleep">
Ethanol use and sleep

Ethanol, the type of alcohol found in alcoholic drinks, can exacerbate sleep problems. During abstinence, sleep disruption is one the greatest predictors of relapse.
Moderate alcohol consumption and sleep disruptions.
Moderate alcohol consumption 30–60 minutes before bedtime results in disruptions in sleep maintenance and sleep architecture that are mediated by blood alcohol levels. Disruptions in sleep maintenance are most marked once alcohol has been completely metabolized from the body. Under conditions of moderate alcohol consumption where blood alcohol levels average 0.06–0.08% and decrease 0.01–0.02% per hour, an alcohol clearance rate of 4–5 hours would coincide with disruptions in sleep maintenance in the second half of an 8-hour sleep episode. In terms of sleep architecture, moderate doses of alcohol facilitate "rebounds" in rapid eye movement (REM) and stage 1 sleep; following suppression in REM and stage 1 sleep in the first half of an 8-hour sleep episode, REM and stage 1 sleep increase well beyond baseline in the second half. Moderate doses of alcohol also increase slow wave sleep (SWS) in the first half of an 8-hour sleep episode. Enhancements in REM sleep and SWS following moderate alcohol consumption are mediated by reductions in glutamatergic activity by adenosine in the central nervous system. In addition, tolerance to changes in sleep maintenance and sleep architecture develops within 3 days of alcohol consumption before bedtime.
Alcohol consumption and sleep improvements.
Low doses of alcohol (one 360 ml (13 imp fl oz; 12 US fl oz) beer) are sleep-promoting by increasing total sleep time and reducing awakenings during the night. The sleep-promoting benefits of alcohol dissipate at moderate and higher doses of alcohol (two 12 oz. beers and three 12 oz. beers, respectively). Previous experience with alcohol also determines whether or not alcohol is a "sleep promoter" or "sleep disrupter." Under free-choice conditions, in which subjects chose between drinking alcohol or water, inexperienced drinkers were sedated while experienced drinkers were stimulated following alcohol consumption. In insomniacs, moderate doses of alcohol improve sleep maintenance.
Alcohol consumption and fatigue.
Sleepiness influences the severity of alcohol consumption. Conditions of sleep deprivation encourage more episodes of alcohol consumption. Increased alcohol consumption during the winter months for Northern climate residents is attributed to escalations in fatigue.
Alcohol abstinence and sleep disruptions.
Sleep and hormonal disruptions following withdrawal from chronic alcohol consumption are the greatest predictors of relapse. During abstinence, recovering alcoholics have attenuated melatonin secretion in the beginning of a sleep episode, resulting in prolonged sleep latencies. Escalations in cortisol and core body temperatures during the sleep period contribute to poor sleep maintenance.

</doc>
<doc id="18450731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450731" title="La Chapelle, Artibonite">
La Chapelle, Artibonite

La Chapelle (Creole: "Lachapèl") is a municipality in the Saint-Marc Arrondissement, in the Artibonite Department of Haiti.
It has 18,092 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="18450742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450742" title="John Finan">
John Finan

John Finan (10 September 1898 – 24 May 1984) was an Irish Clann na Talmhan politician. A farmer by profession, he first stood unsuccessfully for election to Dáil Éireann at the 1948 general election for the Roscommon constituency but he was subsequently elected to Seanad Éireann on the Administrative Panel. He was first elected to the Dáil at the 1951 general election as a Clann na Talmhan Teachta Dála (TD) for Roscommon. He lost his seat at the 1954 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="18450751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450751" title="Ackerson">
Ackerson

Ackerson is a surname. People with this surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18450757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450757" title="Gregory William Frux">
Gregory William Frux

Gregory William Frux (born March 25, 1958) is a traditional realist artist, working mainly in the landscape genre. His oil paintings document both New York’s cityscapes and wilderness locations in North and South America.
Biography.
Gregory Frux was born in Brooklyn, New York on March 25, 1958. His father was an engineer and later school teacher who emigrated from Lvov, Poland in August 1939. His mother was grade school math teacher, who later taught adult literacy. It was through their teaching and example that Frux developed his passion for art and for his native city. Gregory Frux married artist Janet Ellen Morgan in 1990.
Frux pursued art training art at the Brooklyn Museum Art School, Art Students League and National Academy of Design where he studied with Harvey Dinnerstein while simultaneously earning a Bachelor of Architecture and subsequent license as an architect. From 1983 to 1989 Frux worked as an Architect for the New York City Board of Education (BOE) designing school additions and modernizations. In order to pursue his passion for art in public schools, in 1989 Frux moved to the newly created Public Art for Public Schools unit of the BOE, which is responsible for protection of 1500 works of art owned The City of New York. As a curator Frux catalogued, protected and helped conserved this significant collection from 1989 to 2006.
While working for the Board of Education, Frux completed his Master of Fine Arts from Brooklyn College in 1986, studying with noted realist Lennart Anderson. After coursework in Carrara, Italy in 1984 he became increasingly dedicated to outdoor painting. Frux worked most often in Lower Manhattan, along the East River, and in Brooklyn’s Park Slope, Coney Island and on the Gowanus Canal, painting on site in oils. Frux is deeply engaged with the layers of urban history seen in abandoned and repurposed buildings, industrial architecture, and the resurgence of nature along the harbor. His cityscapes have received recognition with exhibitions at Brooklyn Borough Hall, Brooklyn College, the Coney Island Museum Long Island University, Central Library Brooklyn Public Library, The Tabla Rasa Gallery and a commission by the New York City Metropolitan Transportation Authority [http://www.mta.info/mta/aft/posters/posters.html?year=1999.
Frux is deeply interested in the wilderness both aesthetically and as mountaineer. His climbing career has dovetailed with creative work in increasingly remote locations. Frux has served as artist in residence in four national park units: Weir Farm National Historic Site in Wilton, Ct, Glacier National Park, Joshua Tree National Park and Death Valley National Park.
He has painted in the Rockies, Andes, Sierra Nevada, and Mohave Desert, including ‘portraits’ of significant peaks such as Cerro Fitzroy, Sajama and Lotus Flower Tower. This work have been included in the permanent collection of the National Park Service and exhibited by the American Alpine Club. In December 2007 Frux traveled as artist in residence aboard the cruise ship Orlova to the Antarctic Peninsula his paintings of "Half Moon Bay, South Shetland Islands" have been published as a print. He worked as an artist aboard ship "[http://www.cruisecritic.com/reviews/review.cfm?ShipID=290 Midnatsol" in Arctic Norway, November–December 2009.
Collections.
Shown on loan.
[http://aiep.state.gov/]

</doc>
<doc id="18450760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450760" title="Jucemar">
Jucemar

Jucemar Décio Ribeiro da Silva is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Clube Esportivo Lajeadense.

</doc>
<doc id="18450761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450761" title="FS Class E.550">
FS Class E.550

The FS Class E.550 was a class of three-phase electric locomotive used in Italy, introduced in the 20th century, which remained in service until 1965.
History.
In the wake of the success met with three-phase electric locomotives on the Valtellina line, in the early 20th century the newly formed state-owned Ferrovie dello Stato, led by Riccardo Bianchi, decided to electrify also the important mountain line of the Giovi Pass, which connected the port of Genoa to the industrial cities of northern Italy. Despite the use of the powerful 470 class steam locomotive, the line was actually near full saturation. Electrification of the line at 3.6 kV 16.7 Hz were completed in 1916.
Designer of the electric part was the Hungarian engineer Kálmán Kandó. The whole project, initially developed by the FS central design studio, was later completed by the Società Italian Westinghouse of Vado Ligure. The first E.550 prototype proved to be capable to haul, on the steep hill stretches of the Giovi railroad, trains of up to (against the of pair of Class 470 steam engines), and also at the double speed of . The use of electric traction also solved the problem of smoke dissipation in the tunnels. A total of 186 E.550s was built between 1908 and 1921, in four series.
Description.
E.550 had five axles connected to the two electric motors through an articulated connecting rod. The three center axles were rigidly mounted to the frame and the center axle's wheels were without flanges. The outer axles were mounted in a manner that allowed them to turn into curves. The wheels were small, and thus adapted to heavy freight or slow passenger services at low speed. The locomotive had two cabs, one at each end of the central compartment. The motors were asynchronous three-phase, which could be connected in series at low speed and in parallel at higher speeds. The connections were enabled through a tambour connector using a liquid-cooled rheostat. Feeding was provided by two trolleys, both always connected to the line.
Braking was provided by an automatic continuous brake and a regulated, hand-operated brake.
The locomotives E.551, E.552 and E.554 were all developments of E.550. Some E.550s units were later transformed into snow-sweepers.
Transformations and reutilization.
In 1953, locomotive E.550.023 was modified at Bolzano to add a large snow plow to one end. It served on the Brenner line from 1955 to 1965. 
In 1955, locomotives E.550.086 and E.550.115 were demotorized and transformed into push-type snow plows; they received the classification Vnx 201 and 202. Between 1963 and 1966 additional units were transformed in the same fashion to become Vnx 210-222. Sometime thereafter, snow plow equipped E.550.023 was also demotorized.
At some point, the Vnx were renumbered into the series Vnx 806.210-222. Some have since been renumbered into the 12-digit UIC scheme in the series 40 83 970 6 0xx-x.
Preservation.
E.550.025 is at the Museum of Transportation in St. Louis, Missouri in poor cosmetic condition due to being stored outside since 1968. is awaiting transfer to Savigliano (CN), Italy, in the exhibition of the Piedmont Railway Museum. is an ongoing fundraiser for his transfer by sea. www.museoferroviariopiemontese.com
E.550.030 is at the Museo Nazionale della Scienza e della Tecnologia Leonardo da Vinci in Milano, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="18450763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450763" title="John Anagnostes">
John Anagnostes

John, called Anagnostes (i.e. "lector", "reader;" ) was a Greek historian of the fifteenth century. He was an eyewitness to the Ottoman sack of Thessalonica on March 29, 1430; an event he described in detail in his "Account of the Last Capture of Thessalonica" (""), which he wrote with an accompanying monodia lamenting the city's fall.
Background.
Thessalonica had been captured by the Ottomans in 1387; though they were unable to hold the city in the wake of the Battle of Ankara in 1402 when it reverted to the Byzantine Empire. The Byzantines, when they were unable to hold the city, sold it to the Republic of Venice in 1423; though not in time to mount a defense against another Ottoman siege that year. The Ottomans were again unable to hold the city permanently, and the Venetians and Ottomans were soon in a full state of war.
Siege of Thessalonica.
Beginning on March 29, 1430, the Ottoman sultan Murad II began a three-day siege of Thessalonica, resulting in the conquest of the city by the Ottoman army, and the taking of 7,000 inhabitants as slaves. The Venetians agreed to a peace treaty and withdrew from the region in 1432, leaving the Ottoman's with permanent dominion over the region.
References.
Greek ed., with Latin translation by L. Allatius, published with Sphrantzes in "Corpus Scriptorum Historiae Byzantinae", 1838, p. 483-534. (Immanuel Bekker, ed.) View online.
English ed. in Melville-Jones, John R. "Venice and Thessalonica 1423-1430: The Greek Accounts". Archivio del Litorale Adriatico, 8. Padova: Unipress, 2006. ISBN 88-8098-228-1.
Eugenia Russell, "St Demetrius of Thessalonica; Cult and Devotion in the Middle Ages", Peter Lang, Oxford, 2010, pp. 133–45. ISBN 978-3-0343-0181-7

</doc>
<doc id="18450773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450773" title="Saint-Michel-de-l'Atalaye">
Saint-Michel-de-l'Atalaye

Saint-Michel-de-l'Attalaye (Creole: "Sen Michèl Latalay"; Spanish: "San Miguel de la Atalaya") is a municipality in the Marmelade Arrondissement, in the Artibonite Department of Haiti.
It has 95,216 inhabitants. It is the second largest city geographically after Port-au-Prince, the national capital. Located in the Central Plateau, it is home to several large Christian churches including one which has been there for over 50 years. It is a scenic locale, surrounded by rich farmland, abundant water resources and distant mountain peaks in every direction. There are excellent schools which are privately funded and a current (2011) small residential development outside of the main town area which is near completion which was originally sponsored by the central government. There is a new joint venture nearing completion with a Taiwanese partner that plans to bring bamboo crafts and goods manufacturing skills training to the local people.
The area is the one of the least prone to earthquakes according to local government expertise. There is a new city hall nearing completion with excellent modern construction techniques and classic architecture (summer 2011).
History.
It was founded in 1768 as San Miguel de la Atalaya, on the grounds of the "Estancia Marigallega" by lieutenant-colonel "José de Guzmán y Meléndez" and was populated by settlers from the Canary Islands. In 1773, it was signed the Treaty of San Miguel de la Atalaya on this town, between the governors of Santo Domingo (Spanish colony) and Saint-Domingue (French colony), which became available to create two committees to develop a boundary between the two colonies with reference to the rivers Dajabón and Pedernales.
In 1782 the population reached 1,131 inhabitants.
During the War of the First Coalition it was occupied by France in 1794. The following year, Spain formally cedes its portion of the island of Santo Domingo to France, under the Peace of Basel. In 1809, Spain regains its former possessions in the island.
In December 1821 and January 1822, Haiti annexed areas of central and northeastern part of the island; in February 1822 annexed the city of Santo Domingo and the eastern side of the island. In 1844 was proclaimed the Dominican independence from Haiti, but the Dominican domain on the city was not very effective. As of the 1939 border treaty between Haiti and the Dominican Republic, the city was officially under Haitian control.
In 2004, after the ouster of President Jean-Bertrand Aristide, armed clashes between various militias.

</doc>
<doc id="18450774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450774" title="Right on the Money">
Right on the Money

"Right on the Money" is a song written by Phil Vassar and Charlie Black, and recorded by American country music singer Alan Jackson. It was released in October 1998 as the second single from his CD "High Mileage". The song became Jackson's sixteenth number-one single on the Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) chart.
Content.
The song is in the key of E-flat major. Jackson's vocals range from B♭3 to E♭5. The main chord progression in the verses is E♭-Edim-Fm7-B♭7 three times, followed by A♭ and B♭ for a measure each.
Chart positions.
"Right on the Money" debuted at number 75 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks for the week of October 17, 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="18450793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450793" title="Terre-Neuve, Artibonite">
Terre-Neuve, Artibonite

Terre-Neuve (Creole: "Tènèv") is a municipality in the Gros-Morne Arrondissement, in the Artibonite Department of Haiti.
It has 17,045 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="18450796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450796" title="Acronius">
Acronius

Acronius is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18450810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450810" title="Bavarian S 3/5">
Bavarian S 3/5

The Class S 3/5 engines of the Royal Bavarian State Railways ("Königlich Bayerische Staatsbahn") were express train steam locomotives with a 4-6-0 wheel arrangement.
Saturated steam variant.
Between 1903 and 1907 Maffei delivered three batches of 39 locomotives in all. They had a four-cylinder, saturated steam compound engine. Unlike their forerunners, the Bavarian Class C V, the inside high-pressure cylinders and the outside low-pressure cylinders were angled and worked on the first coupled axle.
From the second series, built in 1904, the boiler pressure of the S 3/5 was raised from . The tube lengths and diameter of the inside cylinders were also changed.
The S 3/5 engines built from 1904 were technically closely related to the S 2/5 which was being developed in parallel. The two classes only differed in their wheel arrangement and the larger coupled wheel diameter on the S 2/5; the boiler and running gear were the same and thus also their output power. Even the permitted top speed was identical on both classes (). The S 3/5 N engines were, in terms of tractive effort ( at ), clearly superior to the S 2/5, because they had three driven axles. S 3/5 locomotives were stabled in the locomotive workshops at Munich I and Nuremberg.
The locomotives were coupled with Bavarian 2'2' T 21 and 2'2' T 21,8 tenders.
Superheated steam variant.
For the 1906 Bavarian State Exhibition in Nuremberg, Maffei fitted locomotive no. 3329 experimentally with a Schmidt superheater. In addition the bore of the cylinders was increased to /. These measures produced a significant improvement in locomotive performance ( on the level at ), so that from 1908 the Bavarian state railways only ordered the superheated S 3/5 H.
Although the more powerful S 3/6 express locomotive had been available since 1908, the number of S 3/5 H engines had climbed to 30 by 1911, partly because there was insufficient funding for the expensive S 3/6. As a result the overall number of S 3/5 engines was 69.
Reichsbahn.
After World War I, 19 saturated steam and 6 superheated steam locomotives had to be transferred abroad. Seventeen of those went to the French Eastern Railway, five to the AL and two to the Belgian state railway. Locomotive no. 3333 was left in Poland after the war and was numered by the PKP as Ok 103-1.
The Deutsche Reichsbahn took over the remaining 20 saturate steam engines as Class 17.4 (17 401–420) and had them converted to superheated locomotives in 1925. The remaining 24 superheated engines became Class 17.5 (17 501–524). In the meantime the S 3/5 was mainly used on passenger train duties in the Reichsbahndirektionen of Augsburg and Nuremberg, because enough modern express engines were now available.
The Reichsbahn began to retire the locomotives as early as 1932. Initially the older, former saturated steam engines disappeared, only eight examples remaining after the Second World War; whilst at the same time 21 of the former S 3/5 H locomotives were still working. All the engines were in Bavaria by the end of the war, but were heavily worn out and no longer ran in regular service. Both variants were finally retired by 1948.

</doc>
<doc id="18450811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450811" title="Verrettes">
Verrettes

Verrettes (Creole: "Vèrèt") is a municipality in the Saint-Marc Arrondissement, in the Artibonite Department of Haiti. It is located approximately 58 km north of the capital, Port-au-Prince, and has 48,724 inhabitants.
History.
Verrettes is also known as the birthplace of the late president Dumarsais Estimé. During his presidency, he made great efforts to modernize the commune of Verrettes by constructing the water distribution system of "Bassin Vincent", building streets with sidewalks, and a modern sewer system. Unfortunately, subsequent governments abandoned this urbanization work, as the pavement of some streets was not completed. 
Culture.
The city of Verrettes has mostly been unaffected by Haiti’s political turmoil and natural disasters. The small city is uneventful with a very low crime rate, but with an active nightlife. The city downtown is known for its live music, restaurants, clubs, and is also known as the playground for the town teenagers. 
The city is very self-sufficient with most of the population consuming goods produced from nearby family farms in rural neighborhoods. Most of the formal businesses are owned by the city’s upper middle class residence. Their homes are usually located near the downtown area; just like Port-au-Prince most of the upper-middle-class homes are surrounded by large cement walls with iron gates or some sort of fences. 
Verrettes is mostly known for its strong emphasis on education; many rural town peasants relocate their children to Verrettes for their schooling, they usually rent houses and apartments in the town for their children to stay in. The middle and upper middle class residence are known for sending their children to Port-au-Prince to finish their studies. In the past few decades, there has been a large exodus of the upper middle class out of Haiti.
Religion.
At Verrettes "l’Eglise de la Nativité" (Church of Nativity) is still one of the largest churches of the country. The religion of the city is mainly Catholic & Protestant with a small percentage practicing Vodou.
2010 earthquake.
The city's senator died in the 2010 Haiti earthquake. 
La Providence is currently hosting 300 Jacmelien from the city of Jacmel displaced by the earthquake.

</doc>
<doc id="18450869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450869" title="Beauty Confidential">
Beauty Confidential

"Beauty Confidential: The No Preaching, No Lies, Advice-You'll-Actually-Use Guide to Looking Your Best" is a 2007 beauty guide by American author Nadine Haobsh. 
The author, a former beauty editor, provides tips and product suggestions in chapters broken down to cover beauty topics from head to toe. "Beauty Confidential" is mentioned in an infomercial for Bare Escentuals Bare Minerals foundation.

</doc>
<doc id="18450879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450879" title="Laurel Foundation">
Laurel Foundation

Laurel Foundation is a private foundation based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, U.S.A. It was established in 1951 by the late Cordelia Scaife May. 
The foundation's website lists its principal funding areas as "arts and culture, environment and conservation, vocational education, and community development/beautification".

</doc>
<doc id="18450897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450897" title="Aczél">
Aczél

Aczél is a Hungarian surname meaning "steel". Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18450907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450907" title="Carlos Aparicio">
Carlos Aparicio

Carlos Enrique Aparicio Hernández (born August 7, 1985 in San Salvador, El Salvador) is a Salvadoran football forward who currently plays for C.D. FAS in his native country.
Club career.
Aparacio started his career at Second division side Real San Martín in 2003 and joined Premier Division outfit Vista Hermosa in 2005. Before the 2006 Apertura he moved to Alianza and signed for FAS before the 2008 Apertura.

</doc>
<doc id="18450919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450919" title="Stand Beside Me">
Stand Beside Me

"Stand Beside Me" is a song written by Stephen Allen Davis, and recorded by American country music singer Jo Dee Messina. It was released in October 1998 as the third single from her album "I'm Alright". The song spent three weeks at the top of the Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) chart, making Messina the first female artist to score three multi-week Number One singles from one album.
Music video.
The music video was directed by Jim Shea and premiered in October 1998.
Chart performance.
"Stand Beside Me" debuted at number 71 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks for the week of October 10, 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="18450920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450920" title="Signs of the Time (disambiguation)">
Signs of the Time (disambiguation)

Signs of the Time may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18450927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450927" title="Magdalena Sibylla of Neidschutz">
Magdalena Sibylla of Neidschutz

Magdalena Sibylla of Neidschutz (8 February 1675 – 14 April 1694), later Countess of Rochlitz, was a German noblewoman and the mistress of John George IV, Elector of Saxony. She was the first ever Official Mistress ("Favoritin") of an Elector of Saxony.
Magdalena Sibylla, called "Billa", was the daughter of Ursula Margarethe of Haugwitz, who had at one time been the mistress of Elector Johann Georg III. By order of the Elector, Ursula married Colonel Rudolf of Neidschutz, who officially appears as the father of Billa, though there were rumors that Billa was in fact the child of Johann George. If this had been true, it would have made Billa half-sister of her lover, John George IV.
Billa became mistress of John George IV in late 1691. By order of his mother, he was forced to marry, in April 1692, in an attempt to break up the affair. Instead, immediately after he assumed the Electorate, he openly lived with Billa, and she became the first ever Official Mistress (Favoritin) of an Elector of Saxony. John George abandoned his wife in the official residence and moved into another palace with Billa.
On 20 February 1693, Leopold I gave her the title "Reichsgräfin von Rochlitz".
She had an illegitimate daughter with John George IV:
She died in Dresden of smallpox, in the arms of John George IV, who himself became infected with the disease and died 23 days later.

</doc>
<doc id="18450945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450945" title="RefugePoint">
RefugePoint

RefugePoint (formerly Mapendo International) is a non-profit organization that "works to fill the critical and unmet needs of people affected by war and conflict who have fallen through the net of humanitarian assistance." RefugePoint is based in Boston, Massachusetts, United States, and Nairobi, Kenya. They have worked primarily in East Africa and are now expanding their work to include other parts of Sub-Saharan Africa. RefugePoint is a member of Refugee Council USA, a coalition of U.S. non-governmental organizations focused on refugee protection. 
History.
RefugePoint was founded in 2005 by Sasha Chanoff and Dr. John Wagacha Burton. While conducting refugee rescue operations with the International Organization for Migration (IOM), Sasha became aware of the unseen and therefore unmet needs of the many refugees living in urban settings.
Since its inception, RefugePoint has engaged in a strategic partnership with the Institute for Global Leadership at Tufts University, building off of their common goal to engage others in critical thinking about all sides on an issue.
RefugePoint continues to evolve and serve the needs of refugees both from their office in Boston, Massachusetts and from their clinic located in Nairobi, Kenya.
In 2006, RefugePoint won an Echoing Green Fellowship and was named a Waldzell Institute "Architect of the Future." RefugePoint received a Draper Richards Fellowship in 2007. In 2010, RefugePoint's efforts were awarded with the Charles Bronfman Prize.
On June 29, 2011 Mapendo announced that they have changed their name to RefugePoint, "in order to better reflect its core mission of protecting the world’s most vulnerable and forgotten refugees." 
From Sasha Chanoff, RefugePoint’s executive director, explained that the organization’s staff have been impressed for years by the many refugees who relate that contact with RefugePoint became the turning point in their lives. “Our effort,” he says, “is to provide lasting solutions for people fleeing from persecution, war, and genocide. The new name, RefugePoint, reflects the moment when those most at risk see the possibility of deliverance from lives of fear and desperation and a path opening up toward new lives for themselves and their families.”
Projects.
RefugePoint (formerly Mapendo) works in East Africa to identify and assist refugees who are at high-risk for personal harm. Because of the very sensitive nature of RefugePoint's work, specific operations concerning those RefugePoint is assisting must remain confidential. Broadly, RefugePoint's work revolves around the needs of displaced people. They care for immediate needs through their clinic in Nairobi, while searching for more durable solutions.
The Clinic
The medical clinic in Nairobi was created to provide health care to marginalized and impoverished refugee survivors of trauma. Staffed by Kenyan medical professionals, it serves HIV positive people, torture survivors, widows with children, and others at risk who have urgent medical needs and no access to health care.
Rescue and Protection
RefugePoint identifies and assists individuals, families and groups of people fleeing war and conflict who need urgent and lifesaving assistance. They work with governments, the United Nations, and other aid agencies to identify durable solutions for people in danger. They are actively assisting refugees across east and central Africa through this initiative.
Awareness Programs
RefugePoint seeks to raise awareness and understanding for marginalized refugee communities. To this end, they have undertaken a series of photography and video projects. The information is exhibited and distributed in the United States through collaborations with refugee resettlement agencies and community-based organizations.
Media.
Interviewed on WBUR’s Here & Now on March 25, 2013 in advance of CBS’ 60 Minutes special, March 31, 2013, on the former refugee children (Lost Boys of Sudan) resettled to the United States; both presentations refer to RefugePoint.
The Boston Globe featured an article on Mapendo International's (now RefugePoint) efforts on its front page on June 18th, 2009.
The New York Times cited Mapendo's (now RefugePoint) involvement in the effort to resettle survivors of the Gatumba camp massacre.
The Skoll Foundation's Social Edge highlighted Sasha Chanoff and Mapendo (now RefugePoint) in a video on their website.
Elle Magazine in France wrote an article on Mapendo's (now Refuge Point) efforts in the April 23rd, 2007 edition.

</doc>
<doc id="18450948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450948" title="Sherborne Missal">
Sherborne Missal

The Sherborne Missal (London, British Library Add. MS 74236) is an early 15th-century English illuminated manuscript missal, one of the finest English examples of International Gothic painting. With 347 vellum leaves measuring , it weighs 20 kg. It has survived in excellent condition, and is usually on display at the Ritblat Gallery in the British Library. It has been described as "beyond question the most spectacular service
book of English execution to have come down to us from the later Middle Ages."
The Sherborne Missal was commissioned by Robert Bruyning, who served as abbot at the Abbey of St Mary in Sherborne from 1385 to 1415. It was made for use at the abbey sometime between 1399 and 1407. The main scribe was a Benedictine monk, John Whas. Several hands worked on the illumination but the main artist was John Siferwas, a Dominican friar. Both of them, alongside Bruyning and his superior the Bishop of Salisbury Richard Mitford, are depicted and named in numerous miniatures.
The marginal decorations contain numerous high quality drawings of British birds, including cormorants, gannets, moorhens, storks, European robins,chaffinches and mallards. Over a hundred leaves portray Bruyning. Saint Wulfsige is also depicted, welcoming Benedictine monks into the chapel, marking the 998 move of the bishop's see from Sherborne to Salisbury via Old Sarum. Given that the scribes were thus aware of the church's history, it is likely that the missal was commissioned to commemorate Bruyning's career, but also to promote the building's history, and reinforce the public image of the church in general. Bruyning was most likely motivated by a desire to enhance Sherborne's reputation in a bid to attain funds for construction. In particular he wanted to rebuild the monks' choir; more generally he wanted to modernise what was then a largely 12th-century building. Surviving records indicate that Bruyning undertook this task with vigour.

</doc>
<doc id="18450951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450951" title="Nordhavnen">
Nordhavnen

Nordhavnen, or Nordhavn, is a harbour area at the coast of Øresund founded at the end of the 19th century in Copenhagen, Denmark. It covers an area of more than 2 km².
Today, most of Copenhagen Harbour's traditional activities are situated in Nordhavn, including ferry berths, a container terminal, marina, and industrial companies.
The S-train station Nordhavn station is located at Nordhavnen close to the city district Østerbro.
Expansion of Nordhavn.
The agency By og Havn has started the 668 million DKK expansion of Nordhavn into Øresund. The project is the largest construction job in Denmark in 2013 and the largest consumer of steel in Northern Europe; 28,000 tonnes of steel is used for pile driving the sheet piles of the perimeter, and the area is being filled with 7 million tonnes of clean earth and 11 million tonnes of polluted earth from the City Circle Line metro and other projects until around year 2022-2025. The City Circle Line is extending into Nordhavn with at least one station.
The cruise ship quay is 1,100m long with 3 passenger terminals.
The agency By og Havn has proposed plans to develop Nordhavn as a new city district with tens of thousands of apartments and jobs. The district will be about six times larger than Indre Østerbro.
The Municipality of Copenhagen plans to build 400,000 m² for residence and industry around Århusgade from 2008 onwards, and additional 200,000 m² at Kalkbrænderiløbet from 2015. The area is expected to be fully developed within 20–25 years and partially finances the expansion of the Copenhagen Metro.
In 2013, the United Nations campus UN City opened at the eastern part of Marmormolen in the Nordhavn area. The 45,000 m² project will include most of the present UN activities in Copenhagen.

</doc>
<doc id="18450960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450960" title="Matthew McCaslin">
Matthew McCaslin

Matthew McCaslin (born 1957, Bay Shore, New York) is an American artist living and working in Brooklyn, New York. His work deals with the intersection of nature and technology, combining everyday construction materials or consumer electronics in a way that may invoke chaos or disorder, or formalism and minimalism.
Biography.
Matthew McCaslin received a Bachelor of Fine Arts from Parsons School of Design in New York in 1980. He is internationally known for his video and light sculptures. His distinct visual vocabulary, built from industrial materials, combines elegance and formality with roughness and spontaneity. McCaslin regularly includes televisions, clocks, light bulbs, fans, outlets, cables and plugs in his sculptures. Images, often of natural phenomena, presented on television monitors are seamlessly integrated. The use of these everyday objects reminds the viewer of his daily dependence on a technological support system. Inherent in McCaslin’s art is the question of functionality versus aesthetics. Referring to his work, McCaslin states “these seemingly disparate pieces are a playful reflection on the objects we live with and environments we live in. By mixing materials, gesture, and locations, I hope to evoke feelings in the viewer of the world around them that are deeply rooted but can’t be simply placed.”
McCaslin has exhibited extensively in galleries and museums around the world, including New York, Los Angeles, Buenos Aires, and Paris, among other US and international cities. Most recently, the artist has had solo exhibitions in Paris, Cologne, Madrid and Nuremberg. McCaslin's work can be found at the Los Angeles Museum of Contemporary Art, the Walker Art Center in Minneapolis, Minneapolis, Minnesota, and the Museum Ludwig in Cologne, Germany, among many others. He currently lives in Brooklyn with photographer Amy Williams and son Lucas McCaslin.

</doc>
<doc id="18450963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450963" title="Alonei Abba">
Alonei Abba

Alonei Abba (, "lit." Abba's Oaks) is a moshav shitufi, or semi-cooperative village, in northern Israel. It is located in the Lower Galilee near Bethlehem of Galilee and Alonim, in the hills east of Kiryat Tivon. Alonei Abba falls under the jurisdiction of the Jezreel Valley Regional Council. In 2011 it had a population of 919.
History.
Waldheim.
Alonei Abba was formerly known as Waldheim (), a colony founded in 1907 by German Christians affiliated with the Prussian evangelical church on land purchased from the fellaheen village of Umm al-Amed. The purchase price of 170,000 francs was financed by a Haifa-based bank Darlehenskasse der deutschen evangelischen Gemeinde Haifa GmbH (Loan Bank of the Haifa Evangelical Congregation Ltd.) and completely refinanced by the Stuttgarter Gesellschaft zur Förderung der deutschen Ansiedlungen in Palästina (Stuttgart-based Company for the promotion of the German colonies in Palestine). The colony comprised 7,200,000 square meters (7,200 dunams).
Most of the colonists came from the German Colony (Haifa), which was founded by the Templers. In 1874 the Temple Society underwent a schism and envoys of the Evangelical State Church of Prussia's older Provinces successfully proselytised among the schismatics. Thus the Haifa German Colony became home to two Christian denominations and their congregations. While in Germany the Templers were regarded sectarians, the Evangelical proselytes gained major financial and ideological support from German Lutheran and United church bodies. This created an atmosphere of mistrust and envy among the German colonists in Haifa. Due to population increase and the ongoing urbanisation of Haifa, they searched for land to found new monodenominational colonies. Thus the Evangelical Protestants founded Waldheim, while Templers settled in the neighbouring Bethlehem of Galilee.
The settlement was inaugurated on the occasion of Harvest Festival () on 6 October 1907. Then, the new Waldheimers still lived in the simple clay huts bought from the previous owners. The Haifa engineer Ernst August Voigt presented the plan of the streets and the 16 sites around a central site, reserved for a church. In 1909 the "Jerusalemsverein" ("Association of Jerusalem"), a Berlin-based organisation supportive of Protestant activities in the Holy Land, contributed money for the development of a water supply. By 1914, the Waldheimers planted vineyards of 5,000 square meters and more than 500 olive trees. In December 1913, the farmers of Waldheim and Bethlehem keeping dairy cattle founded a common dairy cooperative to pasteurise milk and deliver it to Haifa.
Most of the residents bore German citizenship. In 1932 the Nazi party won the first two members in Palestine. In the course of the 1930s some Waldheimers also joined the Nazi party, indicating the fading affinity to the Evangelical ideals. Until August 1939, 17% of all Gentile Germans in Palestine were enrolled as members of the Nazi party.
After the Nazi takeover in Germany, the new Reich government adapted foreign policy to Nazi ideals, based on the idea that Germany and Germanness were equal to Nazism. International schools of German language subsidised or fully financed with government funds were asked to redraw their educational programs and employ teachers aligned to the Nazi party. The teachers in Waldheim were financed by the Reich so that also here Nazi teachers took over. In 1933 Germans Gentiles living in Palestine appealed unsuccessfully to Paul von Hindenburg and the Foreign Office not to use Swastika symbols for German institutions. Some German Gentiles pleaded the Reich's government to drop its announced plan to boycott shops of Jewish Germans on 1 April 1933. Later the opposition of Gentile Germans in Palestine acquiesed. A Palestinian branch of the Hitler youth was built up by the help of German government subsidies. By 1935 the Nazis had succeeded to streamline the municipal bodies of the settlements of Gentile Germans in Palestine. On 20 August 1939, the German government ordered the Gentile German men for recruitment in the Wehrmacht. 350 followed the call.
After the start of the Second World War, all Germans in Palestine became enemy aliens. The British authorities decided to intern most of the enemy aliens. Sarona, Bethlehem of Galilee, Waldheim, and Wilhelma were converted into internment camps. Most enemy aliens living elsewhere in Palestine—comprising Gentile Germans, Hungarians and Italians—were interned in one of the settlements, while the inhabitants of the settlements simply stayed where they were. In summer 1941, 665 interned Templers, almost all young families with children, were released to Australia, where they could settle again. Many of the remaining Germans were either too old or too sick to leave for Australia, while a second group, mostly Evangelical Germans, did not want to go there. With the help of the interned Italians and Hungarians, the internees could maintain the agricultural production to feed themselves and supply surplus to market in return for supplies not available within the camps. In December 1941 and in the course of 1942, another 400 Evangelical and Templer internees, mostly wives and children of men, who had followed the calls for recruitment, were released, via Turkey, to Germany for family reunification.
After the Peace of Paris the Italian and Hungarian internees were released from Waldheim and the other camps. But the Britons refused to repatriate the remaining German internees to the British zone in Germany because the British zone was flooded with millions of war refugees and millions more expelled after the war from Poland, Czechoslovakia, and other countries previously conquered by Germany. Also, most of the internees did not want to go to Germany because there was no opportunity to gain untilled land in Germany to settle again as farmers. In 1947 the British authorities and Australia agreed to allow the remaining interned Templers to emigrate to Australia.
On 17 April 1948, armed entities of the Haganah entered Waldheim, with the few British soldiers under camp commander Alan Tilbury unable to impede them, killing two colonists and severely wounding a woman. This incident and the end of the mandate forced the Britons to hurry the resettlement, thus all the internees, 51 Germans and 4 Swiss, were transferred to Cyprus, first into a camp of simple tents near Famagusta. By 14 May 1948, when Israel became independent, only about 50 Gentile Germans, mostly elderly and sick persons, were living in the new state. They voluntarily left the country or were successively expelled by the government.
Alonei Abba.
On 12 May 1948, a group of young Zionist pioneers from Czechoslovakia, Austria and Romania, members of Hanoar Hatzioni, established Kibbutz BaMa'avak (lit. "In The Struggle") in the abandoned colony, after four years of agricultural training in Herzliya. Three years later, the kibbutz became a Moshav shitufi and the name was changed to "Alonei Abba" in memory of Abba Berdichev, who was parachuted into Czechoslovakia in 1943 to assist clandestine British forces, but was captured and executed in 1945.
Alonei Abba nature reserve.
In 1994, a 950-dunam nature reserve was declared close by, to the north. The reserve is home to Valonia oak trees ("Quercus macrolepis") and Palestine Oak ("Quercus calliprinos"). Other flora in the forest includes "Pistacia palaestina", "Styrax officinalis", "Carob", "Rhamnus palaestinus", and "Judas trees". Most of the reserve is open for experimental grazing by cattle from the moshav.
Notable residents.
Shlomo Artzi, musician

</doc>
<doc id="18450964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450964" title="50th meridian east">
50th meridian east

The meridian 50° east of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, Europe, Asia, Africa, the Indian Ocean, Madagascar, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 50th meridian east forms a great circle with the 130th meridian west.
From Pole to Pole.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 50th meridian east passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="18450981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450981" title="Wilhelmina Maria Frederica of Rochlitz">
Wilhelmina Maria Frederica of Rochlitz

Wilhelmina Maria "Frederica", Countess of Rochlitz (; 20 June 1693 – after 1729) was a Polish noblewoman of German descent. She was the illegitimate daughter of John George IV, Elector of Saxony, and Magdalene Sibylle, Countess of Rochlitz, his official mistress. Her parents, who may have been half-siblings, both died from smallpox soon after her birth, and she was raised in Poland at the royal court of her uncle and guardian, Augustus II the Strong of Poland.
Parents.
Her mother's mother, Ursula Margaretha von Neitschütz, was a member of the noble Upper Lusatian family of Haugwitz and the wife of a Lusatian noble named Rudolf von Neitschütz. She had many lovers in her younger years, and one of them was the electoral prince of Saxony, John George, later Elector as John George III. Her eldest daughter, Magdalene Sibylle, called Billa, was officially recognized as the daughter of her husband but may have been the daughter of John George III. Later the Elector's son and successor, John George IV, began an affair with Billa, which his father tried to prevent by banishing Ursula and Billa from court, suggesting a fear of incest. However, when John George III died, his son lived openly with Billa and tried to marry her. Wilhelmina Maria Frederica was the product of their affair.
Life.
She was born in Frankfurt am Main and orphaned at less than a year old by both her parents' deaths from smallpox. For the first year of her life (until her father's death) she was in a way a stepsister of Caroline of Ansbach, future queen consort of Great Britain, being the daughter of Caroline's then-stepfather. Her first two names, Wilhelmina Maria, were given in honour of the King and Queen of England, William and Mary; however, contrary to popular assumption, the English monarchs were not her godparents. Sir William Dutton Colt, the English envoy to Dresden since 1689, was her actual godfather. The name Frederica was given to please the Danish royal family. (Frederick was the name of her grandmother, the Dowager Electress Anna Sophie's father, Frederick III of Denmark.) Her godfather having died when she was two months old, she was raised at the royal court of her uncle and guardian, Augustus II the Strong, King of Poland.
In 1720 she married a Polish nobleman, Count Świętosław Piotr Dunin (died 1736), Castellan of Radom. They had four or five children:
Through her daughter Antonina, she was the great-grandmother of Polish romantic poet Antoni Malczewski.

</doc>
<doc id="18450982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450982" title="Carmen Villalobos">
Carmen Villalobos

Yorley del Carmen Villalobos Barrios (born 13 July 1983 in Barranquilla, Colombia) is a Colombian actress, recognized for her supporting roles in several telenovelas including "La Tormenta" and "Amores de Mercado". However, Villalobos is most recognized for her lead role as Catalina Santana, a pretty young prostitute with big ambitions who seeks breast augmentation in order to escape poverty in "Sin Senos no hay Paraíso" and most recently her lead role as Alejandra Paz, a humble poor school girl forced to attend a "rich-kid" school where the students are wild and out of control in "Niños Ricos, Pobres Padres". In 2009, Carmen was included on the list of People en Español's 50 Most Beautiful list. Her next role was Lola Volcán in "Mi Corazón Insiste" alongside of Jencarlos Canela, Ana Layevska, and Angelica Maria. In the first half of 2012 Carmen undertook the one of the main characters in the series Made In Cartagena (El Golpe, Bazurto). The show is now aired on TV Unimas (former Telefutura). 

</doc>
<doc id="18450996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450996" title="Théophile Hamel">
Théophile Hamel

Théophile-Abraham Hamel (8 November 1817 – 23 December 1870) was a Canadian artist who painted mainly portraits and religious images in 19th-century Quebec.
Life.
Hamel was born in 1817 in Sainte-Foy (that was a suburb of Quebec City), the son of a successful farmer. Hamel's paternal ancestry can be traced to French immigrant Jean Hamel, who arrived in New France from Avremesnil (Normandy) in 1656. In 1834 Théophile was already taking art lessons from Antoine Plamondon. For a while he attended the Accademia di San Luca, in Rome. He was very much interested in the works of the Romantics.
Career.
His early portraits show a mixture of European romanticism and Canadian simplicity. His style gradually changed to match the taste of his clients for simple, honest, even prim portraits. 
In 1838 he painted 'Three Indian Chiefs Leading a Delegation to Quebec. In 1843, Hamel travelled to Europe (London, Naples, Rome, Florence, Bologna, Venice, and then north to France and Belgium). 
In 1846 he returned to Canada to Quebec. Throughout his career he travelled throughout Canada East and Canada West, painting portraits of such notables as Sir John Beverley Robinson, Denis-Benjamin Viger, Sir Allan MacNab, Louis-Joseph Papineau, John Sandfield Macdonald, and Sir Étienne Taché. He worked quickly, often completing a portrait in a single day.
Hamel also painted religious pictures for various commissions, and a series of "imaginative" or "semi-imaginative" portraits of Jacques Cartier, Samuel de Champlain, Jean Talon, Montcalm, and General James Murray. The image of Cartier even appeared on a banknote. 
It is estimated that Hamel painted more than 2000 portraits during his lifetime. In 1848, he painted portraits of Robert Baldwin and Louis-Hippolyte Lafontaine. In 1850-1, he painted Egerton Ryerson. In 1853, he painted 'Madame Renaud and Her Daughters Wilhemine and Emma'. His painting 'L'Abbé Edouard Faucher', painted in 1855, now hangs at Eglise de Saint-Laurent, Lotbiniere. His painting of Sir Allan MacNab, painted in 1862, currently hangs in the Senate of Canada.
Family.
In 1857, at age of 40, he married Mathilde-Georgiana Faribault, daughter of George-Barthélemy Faribault, a pioneer librarian. He died in Quebec City, in December 1870.

</doc>
<doc id="18450997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18450997" title="Boucan-Carré">
Boucan-Carré

Boucan-Carré (Creole: "Boukan Kare") is a municipality in the Mirebalais Arrondissement, in the Centre Department of Haiti.
It has 48,700 inhabitants. Two schools, a church, and a hospital within Boucan Carre are supported by the Haiti Outreach Program in Knoxville, Tennessee Give Haiti Hope.
Boucan Carre has seen some massive changes in the last few years with a new primary school completed in 2005, and the clinic has grown into a full-on hospital which is supported by Paul Farmer's organization, Partners In Health (known as Zanmi Lasante in Haitian Creole) out of Boston, MA.
Friday is Market Day and the population of Chambeau (the center of town) quadruples in size. Where there was rarely a vehicle of any kind there in 2004, there are now many motorbikes (China) and even 4x4 toyota trucks in the area now.
The Boucan-Carre River cuts through the center of the town of Chambeau. Please note that Haitian maps allow for different spellings of Boucan-Carre. Here are some other examples that can be found: Boukan Care, Boukan-Carre, Boucan-Kare).
Boucan Carre is a geographic expression likened to a county in the USA. It is a huge area of land, most of which is covered in mountains and deep valleys. Agriculture and the production of charcoal made from cutting down trees are the primary ways to get by for the locals.
The UN has made substantial improvements to the roads leading to the area from Port-au-Prince airport (PAP) so that what used to take 4.5 hours to go 45 miles back in 2004 now takes only 2 hours to arrive in Chambeau.
Since the massive earthquake that struck the Port-au-Prince area in January 2010, many people are returning to family from that city which is causing further strain on the people and land. Clean water is still hard to come by and everything remains very expensive due to devaluation of the Haitian dollar and the extreme stress on the economy in general. All goods are expensive the further away you get from Port-au-Prince. All of rural Haiti is in flux and is experiencing a deep strain brought on by the earthquake.
There are plans and funding for a new secondary school to be built in Chambeau which is to begin construction in the summer of 2010. Update November 2012 - The Secondary School, Built and supported by The Haiti Outreach Program in Knoxville,Tn, is complete and operational at this time.
Digicell built a large Cellular Telephone Repeater Tower in B.C. in about 2008, and so many of the people in the Central Plateau now ride a donkey talking on their cell phones.

</doc>
<doc id="18451003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451003" title="Logistical Engineering University of PLA">
Logistical Engineering University of PLA

The Logistical Engineering University of PLA () or University of Logistics is an institution of higher learning located in Chongqing, focusing on military engineering. It is affiliated to the General Logistics Department of the People's Liberation Army of China, and is one of the leading military engineering academies in the country.
The university was founded in 1961, and was named a national key university in 1979.
Summary.
University of Logistics, established in 1961, is located at Majiabao and Xietaizi in the city of Chongqing. It covers over 1300 acres, with building area over 400 thousand square meters. There are over 650 books in the library, and it has area network and E-reading rooms. It has one member of the Chinese Academy of Engineering, 248 professors and associate professors, 13 PHD supervisors, and 91 postgraduate supervisors, 49 of which are benefited from the government’s special allowance.
Disciplines and courses.
1, Architecture
2, Structural Engineering
3, Underground Engineering
4, Plumbing and Heating and Ventilation Engineering
5. Power System and Automation
6, Oil Storage and Transportation Automation
7, Command Automation Engineering
8, Oil Storage and Transportation Engineering
9, Oil Chemistry
10, Warehouse Automation
11, Barracks management
12, the Military Warehouse Management
13, Barracks Device Management
14, Oil Machinery and Equipment and Automation
15, Fuel Management
16, Fuel Quality Measurement Management
17, Environmental Engineering
Post-doctoral research center (one)
Chemical Engineering and Technology
Three doctor-degree authorization (three)
Geotechnical Engineering 
Applied Chemistry
Petroleum and Natural Gas Storage and Transportation
Master-degree authorization (19):
State-level key discipline
Petroleum and Natural Gas Storage and Transportation
Provincial and municipal key discipline
Petroleum and Natural Gas Storage and Transportation
Applied Chemistry
Logistics
Management Science and Engineering
Military key laboratory
Military underground construction lab
Provincial key laboratory
Experimental center of Petroleum and Natural Gas Storage and Transportation
Oil testing and assessment center

</doc>
<doc id="18451008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451008" title="The Gorzen">
The Gorzen

The Gorzen is a nature park in the Dutch province of South Holland, located on the eastside of Ridderkerk, between the New Veer and the New harbor. The nature- and recreational park The Gorzen is a former dumpsite with a total area of . The park was formed in consequences of all kinds of activities and circumstances in a period of half a century shaped in a hillside nature park with a few lakes and brooks.

</doc>
<doc id="18451013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451013" title="Cerca-Cavajal">
Cerca-Cavajal

Cerca-Cavajal (Creole: "Sèka Kavajal") is a municipality in the Hinche Arrondissement, in the Centre Department of Haiti.
It has 17,571 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="18451018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451018" title="Grigory Karasin">
Grigory Karasin

Grigory Borisovich Karasin () (born 23 August 1949 in Moscow) is a career diplomat and is the Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs of Russia,
Karasin graduated from the Institute of Oriental Languages at Moscow State University in 1971, and went on to work in various diplomatic posts in the central offices of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and abroad.
From March 2000 to June 2005, Karasin was the Ambassador of Russia to the United Kingdom, and returned to Moscow in June 2005 to take up the position of Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs, a position he still holds.
Karasin speaks Russian, English, Hausa and French.

</doc>
<doc id="18451030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451030" title="Cerca-la-Source">
Cerca-la-Source

Cerca-la-Source (Creole: "Sèka Lasous") is a municipality in the Cerca-la-Source Arrondissement, in the Centre Department of Haiti.

</doc>
<doc id="18451035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451035" title="Write This Down (song)">
Write This Down (song)

"Write This Down" is the title of a song written by Dana Hunt and Kent Robbins, and performed by American country music singer George Strait. It was released in March 1999 as the second single from his album "Always Never the Same". It was Strait's 36th Number One single on the Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) chart. It also reached #27 on the Billboard Hot 100.
Music video.
The music video was directed by Deaton Flanigen, Bill Young, and Jack Hattingh. It is a live video, filmed at his concert at Raymond James Stadium in Tampa, Florida and premiered in mid-1999.
Chart positions.
Peak positions.
"Write This Down" debuted at number 57 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks for the week of March 13, 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="18451036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451036" title="Margaret Treloar">
Margaret Treloar

Margaret Treloar is a Canadian food scientist and product development expert, and is World Board Chairman of the World Association of Girl Guides and Girl Scouts. In 1984 she founded Treloar Product Development International Inc., a consulting firm specializing in improved methods for product development.

</doc>
<doc id="18451038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451038" title="Sweat It Out (album)">
Sweat It Out (album)

Sweat It Out is the fourth release by the band The Pink Spiders. The album was made available on September 23, 2008 through Mean Buzz Records/Adrenaline Music.
Track listing.
Adrenaline Music Group store digital download EP bonus tracks

</doc>
<doc id="18451040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451040" title="Paper Towns">
Paper Towns

Paper Towns is the third young adult novel by John Green, published on October 16, 2008 by Dutton Books. It debuted at number 5 on the New York Times bestseller list for children's books and was awarded the 2009 Edgar Award for best Young Adult novel.
Plot summary.
"Paper Towns" takes place in Orlando, Florida. The novel begins in a subdivision called Jefferson Park. The protagonist and narrator, Quentin "Q" Jacobsen, and his neighbor Margo Roth Spiegelman, both young children, go to the park and discover the corpse of Robert Joyner, a divorced man who has committed suicide. The novel flashes forward to Quentin and Margo as high schoolers who have grown apart. One night Margo shows up at Quentin’s bedroom window dressed like a ninja, with black face paint and black clothes. She convinces him to sneak out and help her get revenge on people she feels have hurt her.
The first characters they visit are Margo’s ex-boyfriend Jase and the girl with whom he was cheating on Margo, Becca. Quentin calls Becca's parents to inform them about their daughter having sex with Jase. As Jase attempts to escape, Quentin takes a picture of him. Then, Quentin and Margo break into Becca's home, graffiti a blue ‘M’ on her wall, and leave a dead catfish for her. The second person they visit is Karin, a character mentioned only once throughout the story. They leave her a bouquet of flowers, as she is the character who informed Margo that her boyfriend was cheating on her. Upon hearing the news, Margo cursed her in disbelief. After that they go to Jase’s house, break in and leave him a fish and a blue ‘M’. They then visit a character named Lacey, who becomes a more prominent character in the last half of the book. Margo felt that Lacey had never been a good friend to her, and that she had ridiculed her too often and made backhand comments that were truly meant as insults. They leave a fish for her in her car and graffiti a blue ‘M’ on the roof of her car. At 3:15 in the morning, they enter the SunTrust bank building and they relax on one of the higher floors for a short while. This is the first time Margo calls their town a "paper town", describing it as “fake” and “not even hard enough to be made of plastic”. Once they leave the SunTrust building, Margo asks Q on whom he would like to get revenge, and he chooses the high school bully Chuck Parson. Margo and Q sneak into his house, remove one of Chuck’s eyebrows with hair removal cream, and slather Vaseline on all of the door handles in his house. After getting revenge on Chuck they break into SeaWorld, but leave disappointed because none of the animals are in their showcases.
Margo and Q return to their homes close to the time they are supposed to be getting up in the morning to go to school. The next day at school all Q thinks about is how things have changed. He wonders if Margo will start hanging out with him and his friends, Ben and Radar, but Margo doesn’t show up to school that day. After Margo has been missing for three days her parents file a report. Margo has run away five times in the past so her parents are more frustrated than worried. After learning that Margo has run away, Q notices a poster of Woody Guthrie taped to the back of her shades. The poster leads him to a song called Walt Whitman's Niece, which, in turn, leads him to a book of poems, Walt Whitman's Leaves of Grass. The poem has highlighted sections that Q believes to be clues left by Margo to lead him to where she is. Q continues to search for clues and finds an address scrawled on a small piece of paper located on his door. Hoping it will lead them to where she is hiding, Q and his friends skip school the following day and go to the place on the piece of paper. They find an old abandoned mini-mall which contains evidence that Margo was recently there, as well as a spray-painted message on the wall that leads him to believe she has committed suicide, and expects him to find her body.
Eventually the clues lead Q to believe that Margo may be hiding out (or buried) in one of the many abandoned subdivision projects around Orlando; what Q’s mother likes to call "pseudodivisions". He drives to all of the pseudodivisions where he feels she may be hiding, but has no luck locating her. While getting ready for graduation, Q makes a connection using a map he found searching for her, which leads him to discover that Margo has been hiding in a fictional town in New York called Agloe, which was created as a copyright trap by mapmakers. Q, Radar, Ben, and Lacey all opt to skip graduation to drive to New York to search for her. They make the drive from Orlando, Florida to Agloe, New York in just shy of twenty-four hours. They find Margo living in an old dilapidated barn. But instead of being grateful for them finding her, she reacts negatively. Margo had not intended for them to find her. Angry that Margo is not grateful for all their efforts to find her, Radar, Ben, and Lacey leave and spend the night at a motel. Q stays behind and talks things over with Margo. She decides to go to New York City. Margo and Q kiss and Q wants to stay with her but it's implied that he will return home with his friends in the end, possibly to reunite some time in the future, but it is ultimately left ambiguous.
Characters.
Quentin “Q” Jacobsen- The protagonist and narrator of the story. Has had a crush on his neighbor Margo since they were kids, however that crush develops into love and before long Q realises he's in love with Margo. Throughout the story he follows clues he thinks Margo, who has gone missing, left behind for him to help him find her. And he becomes obsessed with finding her with his every waking thought being about her.
Margo Roth Spiegelman- Margo is a self described Paper Girl who runs away from home only to be pursued by her childhood friend, Q.
Ben Starling- He is one of Quentin's best friends. He is in the school band and also helps Quentin find Margo, and in the process, becomes Lacey's boyfriend. Towards the beginning of the book, Ben has an obsession with prom and refers to girls as "honeybunnies".
Marcus “Radar” Lincoln- One of Q’s best friends. In the novel he is constantly editing pages on a website called Omnictionary (which is very similar to Wikipedia). He was nicknamed by Quentin and Ben after the character from M*A*S*H. His parents own the world's largest collection of black Santas. He is in the school band. He assists Quentin in finding Margo.
Lacey Pemberton - She has been Margo's friend since kindergarten (even though Margo feels Lacey has been judgmental of her throughout the course of their friendship). In the second half of the novel Lacey becomes involved in the search for Margo. She goes with Q to find Margo.
Style.
The novel is written in parts. Each individual part is named for a specific metaphor used considerably in that section: Part One: The Strings, Part Two: The Grass, Part Three: The Vessel. Each individual chapter within the first two parts is labeled with a number. Additionally, the third part of the novel is divided into smaller sections by the hour.
Background.
Throughout the novel John Green alludes to his previous novel, "Looking for Alaska": "a lovely eccentric girl; a mystery that begs to be solved by clever, quirky teens;”
Also, throughout the novel paper towns are mentioned numerous times. Green's first experience with paper towns occurred in his junior year of college while on a road trip. He and his travel companion came across a paper town in South Dakota called Holen. According to Green, the story of Agloe presented in the novel is mostly true. “Agloe began as a paper town created to protect against copyright infringement. But then people with these old Esso maps kept looking for it, and so someone built a store, making Agloe real.”
Critical reception.
"Paper Towns" received mostly positive reviews. "Publishers Weekly" noted that, "The title, which refers to unbuilt subdivisions and copyright trap towns that appear on maps but don't exist, unintentionally underscores the novel's weakness: both milquetoast Q and self-absorbed Margo are types, not fully dimensional characters." They also commented that the novel is "another teen pleasing read." "Kirkus Reviews" praised the novel as "a winning combination". A "School Library Journal" review said of the book, "Q is a great social outcast main character who sometimes thinks a little too much, but is completely relatable. Though we only really see Margo for the first third of the book, the clues really create her character and give us the feeling she's a complex person. Finding out who Margo is through the things she left behind was a really great way to develop her character."
Rebecca Swain, reviewing the novel for the "Orlando Sentinel", said, ""Paper Towns" has convinced me that jaded adult readers need to start raiding the Teen's section at the bookstore. Green, who grew up in Orlando and uses the city as a backdrop for the story, taps into the cadence of teenage life with sharp and funny writing, but transcends age with deeper insights." "Booklist" awarded "Paper Towns" a starred review, praising it as "wonderfully witty" and "deeply thoughtful and insightful".
Robert Corwin of Arizona State University also reviewed Green’s novel and commented that “some readers may find the authors use of language and sexual content objectionable.” Chelsey G.H. Philpot, editorial assistant of The Horn Book Guide, commented that “the end breaks your heart, and yet it feels right.” Michael Cart wrote, “Green ponders the interconnectedness of imagination and perception, of mirrors and windows, of illusion and reality.” Rollie Welch called "Paper Towns" “Green’s best work.”
Film adaptation.
Green announced in a vlog that the movie rights to "Paper Towns" have been optioned by Mandate Pictures and Mr. Mudd. He wrote the first draft of the screenplay. However, on April 2, 2010, Green stated on a live-streamed show it was unlikely that the film would be made due to a difference of opinions on "what makes a good movie".
Other editions.
The paperback edition of the novel was released on September 22, 2009. The book was also released in the United Kingdom by Bloomsbury Publishing on May 3, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="18451041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451041" title="Pashakend">
Pashakend

Pashakend may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18451055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451055" title="José Manuel González Hernández">
José Manuel González Hernández

José Manuel González Hernández (Born October 6, 1981 in San Miguel, El Salvador) is a Salvadoran footballer who currently plays for Dragón in the Salvadoran Premier League.
Club career.
Nicknamed "Meme", González started his career at his hometown club Dragón with whom he played in the second division as well as at the highest level in El Salvador. After 9 years he moved on to Vista Hermosa and in 2008 he joined FAS, only to return to Vista Hermosa after one season. In December 2010 he extended his contract with Vista Hermosa after being linked to UES and was voted best goalkeeper of the league, together with Juan José Gómez, in May 2011.
International career.
Gónzález made his debut for El Salvador in a January 2007 friendly match against Denmark and has earned a total of 3 caps, scoring no goals. He has represented his country at the 2007 UNCAF Nations Cup where he played his final international against Guatemala.

</doc>
<doc id="18451059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451059" title="Loganlea Reservoir">
Loganlea Reservoir

Loganlea Reservoir is a small reservoir in the Pentland Hills, Midlothian, Scotland, UK. 
The Logan Burn connects the reservoir with Glencorse Reservoir.

</doc>
<doc id="18451062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451062" title="60th meridian east">
60th meridian east

The meridian 60° east of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, Europe, Asia, the Indian Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 60th meridian east forms a great circle with the 120th meridian west.
From Pole to Pole.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 60th meridian east passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="18451066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451066" title="Maïssade">
Maïssade

Maïssade (Creole: "Mayisad") is a municipality in the Hinche Arrondissement, in the Centre Department of Haiti.
It has 43,138 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="18451077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451077" title="Elizabeth Hartley Winthrop">
Elizabeth Hartley Winthrop

Elizabeth Hartley Winthrop is an American writer.
She was born in New York City in 1979. She attended Harvard University and graduated Phi Beta Kappa and "summa cum laude" in 2001, with a B.A. in English and American Literature and Language. She earned an M.F.A. degree in fiction from the University of California at Irvine in 2004, where she was the recipient of the Schaffer Writing Fellowship. 
In addition to her novels, she has written short fiction for "Wind", "The Evansville Review", "The Missouri Review", "The Red Rock Review", and "Indiana Review". She lives and works in Savannah, Georgia.
External links.
Review of "December" in "The Chicago Sun-Times"
Review of "Fireworks" in "The New York Times"

</doc>
<doc id="18451080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451080" title="Georgi Karakanov">
Georgi Karakanov

Georgi Karakanov () (born 2 March 1975) is a Bulgarian footballer, currently playing as a midfielder. Karakanov is a defensive midfielder. He was raised in Minyor Pernik's youth teams.

</doc>
<doc id="18451082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451082" title="Helen Epstein (HIV/AIDS journalist)">
Helen Epstein (HIV/AIDS journalist)

Helen Epstein (born 1961) is an independent consultant and writer specializing in public health in developing countries. She has conducted research on reproductive health and AIDS in Africa for such organizations as the Rockefeller Foundation, the Population Council and Human Rights Watch, and her articles have appeared in the New York Review of Books, Granta Magazine and many other publications. Her research interests include the right to health care in developing countries and the relationship between poverty and health in industrialized countries.
In 1984 Epstein received her BA in Physics from the University of California Berkeley, in 1991 she obtained a PhD in molecular biology from Cambridge University, and in 1996 she earned her MSc in Public Health in Developing Countries from London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine. In 1993 Epstein moved to Uganda in search of an AIDS vaccine. There she taught molecular biology in the medical school at Makerere University in Kampala, Uganda, until 1994.
Although Epstein's efforts to find a vaccine failed, she was able to witness firsthand the suffering caused by HIV, which became the subject of her book "The Invisible Cure: Why We Are Losing The Fight Against AIDS in Africa". This autobiographical account discusses 15 years of observing both the epidemic and the reactions to it of Western scientists, humanitarian agencies, and the communities most affected by AIDS deaths. Epstein discusses how the countries that are hardest hit by HIV are not those whose citizens are “promiscuous”, but those where it is common for people to have “long term concurrent” sexual relationships where an individual might have more than one long-term partner at one time, with those partners overlapping for months or years.

</doc>
<doc id="18451084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451084" title="Mei (album)">
Mei (album)

Mei is the fifth full-length studio album by the American rock band Echolyn, released in 2002.
Unlike its precursor "Cowboy Poems Free" (2000), "mei" is a typical progressive (symphonic) rock album in that it consists of few, longer, songs with many instrumental sections and complex structures instead of the normal "song" structure, including verse, chorus etc.
Jersey Tomato.
In 2003 Echolyn released an official bootleg recording titled "Jersey Tomato vol. 2 (live at the Metlar Bodine Museum)" where "mei" is included as the ninth and last track. It takes up the whole second disc and the length of the track is just over 50 minutes. The song, and the rest of the album, is available for download on the band's website.

</doc>
<doc id="18451098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451098" title="Saut-d'Eau">
Saut-d'Eau

Saut-d'Eau (Creole: "Sodo") is a municipality in the Mirebalais Arrondissement, in the Centre Department of Haiti. It has 34,885 inhabitants.
Its name is French for 'waterfall', named after a large waterfall called 'Le Saut'. The area holds cultural significance in Haiti, to both Catholic and Vodou practitioners. In the 19th century, it is believed that the Virgin Mary of Mount Carmel (or the closely associated Vodou Lwa, Erzulie Dantor) appeared on a palm tree there. A French priest, afraid of the superstition this would inspire, cut the tree down, but it nonetheless became an important religious destination for Haitians, akin to the Virgin of Guadalupe in Mexico.
Annually, the falls are the site of a large, important religious pilgrimage, during the festival of Our Lady of Carmel, from July 14–16. A Eucharistic rite is held during the festival, as well as various vodou rituals, but the penultimate devotional activity is bathing in the waters of the falls, and asking favors of the Virgin or Erzulie. 
The water is also sacred to the lwa Damballah and Ayida Wedo, the book "The Serpent and the Rainbow" is named for their appearance at this site.
References.
Miami Herald, 2003, via We Haitians

</doc>
<doc id="18451102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451102" title="Anwar Mansoor Mangrio">
Anwar Mansoor Mangrio

Muhammad Anwar Mansoor Mangrio (, born January 1, 1973 in village Sangrar, Rohri, District Sukkur, Sindh) is a poet of Sindhi language, essay writer, and research scholar. He is also an active member of the Sindh Professors' Lecturers' Association (SPLA).
Mangrio received his early education from Sukkur. He passed his MA in Sindhi from Shah Abdul Latif University, Khairpur Mir's in 1997. He passed Sindh Public Service Commission (SPSC) and appointed as lecturer in Sindhi in Govt.Degree college Nawabshah in 2002. He also takes active participate in teachers' organization SPLA. He was SPLA's president of Nawabshah District in 2006, now he is central leader of Sindh Professors' Lecturers' Association.

</doc>
<doc id="18451107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451107" title="Link Lake">
Link Lake

Lake Link or Link Lake may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18451108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451108" title="Avan (village)">
Avan (village)

Avan () is a village in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia. The population of the village is mainly Armenian. It is home to the basilica-style church of Surb Astvatsatsin that sits along a street just off of the main road beside the main cemetery. The large cemetery contains many khachkars from the 13th to 18th centuries. Adjacent to it across the street is a stepped plinth and broken funerary pillar monument of the 5th to 6th centuries. A worn inscription may be found along the landings of the second and third steps. There is a newly built church also by the name of Surb Astvatsatsin that sits near the main highway closer to the centre of the village, and is said to have been constructed upon old foundations. Some confusion may arise since two churches in the village are referred to as S. Astvatsatsin, but one of them may actually be the church of S. Hovhannes. They are said to have been first built in the 5th to 6th centuries, were reconstructed in the 13th century, and have sat in ruins until recently since the earthquake of 1679.
The abandoned village of Khnusik is located near Avan. 

</doc>
<doc id="18451125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451125" title="Savanette">
Savanette

Savanette (Creole: "Savanèt") is a municipality in the Lascahobas Arrondissement, in the Centre Department of Haiti.
It has 29,717 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="18451129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451129" title="Giske Church">
Giske Church

Giske Church () is a 12th-century marble parish church in Giske Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway. It is located on the south side of the island of Giske, about northwest of the town of Ålesund. The church is part of the Giske parish in the Nordre Sunnmøre deanery in the Diocese of Møre. The church is open for guided tours during the summer season.
Design.
The church is built of white marble. The origin of the marble is unclear, but it was brought to the island by boat. Where it came from before that is unknown. Today the walls are covered by chalk on the outside and plaster on the inside, so that the marble is only visible in a few places, all on the outside. The architectural style is Norman. 
The church was originally a family chapel consisting of the nave and chancel, but it has been refurbished several times over the centuries. The most extensive renovation was carried out in the 1750s (initiated by Hans Strøm), and most of the interior today can be dated back to this renovation, carved by the local craftsman Jakob Sørensøn Giskegaard (1734-1827).

</doc>
<doc id="18451161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451161" title="Ronald Kreer">
Ronald Kreer

Ronald Kreer (born 10 November 1959 in Leipzig) is a former German professional footballer.
Kreer began his career playing for the youth side of BSG Lokomotive Delitzsch and then 1. FC Lokomotive Leipzig. After being promoted to the Leipzig senior squad, Kreer played 241 games in the DDR-Oberliga for the club, scoring 10 goals. With Leipzig he won the FDGB Pokal twice and took to the field in numerous European matches, including the final of the 1986–87 European Cup Winners' Cup, as part of the team who were defeated 1–0 by Ajax Amsterdam. Kreer played for the East Germany team at the 1980 under-19 European Championships, and was sent off as the team were beaten 1–0 by the USSR in the final. He made his full international debut for East Germany on 22 September 1982 in a 2–2 draw against Bulgaria in Burgas. Kreer played a total of 65 times for East Germany (making him the 10th most-capped player). He also scored two goals in his international career, which ended in 1989. 
In 1991–92, Kreer played a season in the 2. Fußball-Bundesliga with the club, before ending his career with Sachsen Leipzig in the top tier. 
After ending his playing career, he worked with the German Football Association training young talent around Leipzig.

</doc>
<doc id="18451165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451165" title="Thomassique">
Thomassique

Thomassique (Creole: "Tomasik") is a municipality in the Cerca-la-Source Arrondissement, in the Centre Department of Haiti.
It has 42,557 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="18451167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451167" title="Todd Wehr">
Todd Wehr

C. Frederick "Todd" Wehr (April 14, 1889 -September 28, 1965) was an industrialist and philanthropist. He was co-founder of the Wehr Steel Company and founder of the Todd Wehr Foundation, Inc. 
Biography.
Wehr was a graduate of West Division High School in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, and of Cornell University, in Ithaca, New York.
He and his brothers comprised the executive team of the Wehr Steel Company, which was founded in 1910 by his father, Henry Wehr. The company manufactured steel alloy castings for machine parts, magnetic separators, and brakes. During World War II, it received numerous "E" awards from the government for excellence in steel production.
In 1958, when the company was re-organized as a division of the Wehr Corporation, Wehr became the chairman of the board, a position he held until his retirement in 1963.
Venturedyne bought Wehr Steel in 1986.
Todd Wehr Foundation.
Wehr left the bulk of his estate to a trust set up for charitable religious, scientific and educational purposes. Many Wisconsin universities and cultural organizations have benefited from the Todd Wehr Foundation, including Viterbo University, which received a grant to renovate the facility that now bears the name Todd Wehr Memorial Library. Marquette University also benefited from Wehr's philanthropy. Marquette has named its entire science complex after Wehr as well as a theater.
The Todd Wehr Foundation is focused primarily on local Milwaukee giving, with an emphasis on elementary and high schools. The foundation focuses on large memorial gifts payable over several years, with emphasis on capital projects affecting children.

</doc>
<doc id="18451170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451170" title="Lamentation of Christ">
Lamentation of Christ

The Lamentation of Christ is a very common subject in Christian art from the High Middle Ages to the Baroque. After Jesus was crucified, his body was removed from the cross and his friends and family mourned over his body. This event has been depicted by many different artists. 
Lamentation works are very often included in cycles of the "Life of Christ", and also form the subject of many individual works. One specific type of Lamentation depicts only Jesus' mother Mary cradling his body. These are known as Pietà (Italian for "pity").
Development of the depiction.
As the depiction of the Passion of Christ increased in complexity towards the end of the first millennium, a number of scenes were developed covering the period between the death of Jesus on the Cross and his being placed in his tomb. The accounts in the Canonical Gospels concentrate on the roles of Joseph of Arimathea and Nicodemus, but specifically mention Mary and Mary Magdalene as present. Scenes showing Joseph negotiating with Pontius Pilate for permission to take Christ's body are rare in art. The Deposition of Christ, where the body is being taken down from the cross, shown almost always in a vertical or diagonal position still off the ground, was the first scene to be developed, appearing first in late 9th century Byzantine art, and soon after in Ottonian miniatures. The "Bearing of the Body", showing Jesus' body being carried by Joseph, Nicodemus and sometimes others, initially was the image covering the whole period between Deposition and Entombment, and remained usual in the Byzantine world. The laying-out of Jesus' body on a slab or bier, in Greek the "Epitaphios", became an important subject in Byzantine art, with special types of cloth icon, the Epitaphios and the Antimension; Western equivalents in painting are called the "Anointing of Christ". The Entombment of Christ, showing the lowering of Christ's body into the tomb, was a Western innovation of the late 10th century; tombs cut horizontally into a rock face being unfamiliar in Western Europe, usually a stone sarcophagus or a tomb cut down into a flat rock surface is shown. 
From these different images another type, the "Lamentation" itself, arose from the 11th century, always giving a more prominent position to Mary, who either holds the body, and later has it across her lap, or sometimes falls back in a state of collapse as Joseph and others hold the body. In a very early Byzantine depiction of the 11th century, a scene of this type is placed just outside the mouth of the tomb, but around the same time other images place the scene at the foot of the empty cross - in effect relocating it in both time (to before the bearing, laying-out and anointing of the body) as well as space. This became the standard scene in Western Gothic art, and even when the cross is subsequently seen less often, the landscape background is usually retained. In Early Netherlandish painting of the 15th century the three crosses often appear in the background of the painting, a short distance from the scene. 
Lamentations did not appear in art north of the Alps until the 14th century, but then became very popular there, and Northern versions further developed the centrality of Mary to the composition. The typical position of Christ's body changes from being flat on the ground or slab, usually seen in profile across the centre of the work, to the upper torso being raised by Mary or others, and finally being held in a near-vertical position, seen frontally, or across Mary's lap. Mary Magdalene typically holds Jesus' feet, and Joseph is usually a bearded older man, often richly dressed. In fully populated "Lamentations" the figures shown with the body include The Three Marys, John the Apostle, Joseph and Nicodemus, and often others of both sexes, not to mention angels and donor portraits. Giotto's famous depiction in the Scrovegni Chapel includes ten further female figures, who are not intended to be individualized as they have no halos. The subject became increasingly a separate devotional image, concentrating on Mary's grief for her son, with less narrative emphasis; the logical outcome of this trend was the Pietà, showing just these two figures, which was especially suitable for sculpture.
The "Deposition of Christ" and the "Lamentation" or "Pietà" form the 13th of the Stations of the Cross, one of Seven Sorrows of the Virgin, and a common component of cycles of the "Life of the Virgin", all of which increased the frequency with which the scene was depicted, as series of works based on these devotional themes became popular. 
It is not always possible to say clearly whether a particular image should be regarded as a "Lamentation" or one of the other related subjects discussed above, and museums and art historians are not always consistent in their naming. The famous Mantegna painting, clearly motivated by an interest in foreshortening, is essentially an "Anointing", and many scenes, especially Italian Trecento ones and those after 1500, share characteristics of the "Lamentation" and the "Entombment".
Ambrosius Benson's 16th century Lamentation triptych was stolen from the Nájera (La Rioja) in 1913. It was later resold several times. The last time was a Sotheby's auction in 2008, where it was purchased by an anonymous buyer for 1.46 million euros.

</doc>
<doc id="18451186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451186" title="70th meridian east">
70th meridian east

The meridian 70° east of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, Asia, the Indian Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 70th meridian east forms a great circle with the 110th meridian west.
During World War II, the 70th meridian was proposed as a dividing line for Asia between the spheres of interest of Nazi Germany, the Empire of Japan, and Fascist Italy (see Axis power negotiations on the division of Asia during World War II).
From Pole to Pole.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 70th meridian east passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="18451188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451188" title="Ad-Din">
Ad-Din

al-Dīn, ( "" "the Religion"), a component of some Arabic names, meaning "of the religion". The names concerned are used by Muslims all over the world.
The meaning of the word "Dīn", simply translated "faith", is explained further on the Dīn page. 
The Arabic spelling corresponds to the letters "a l d i n", but because the letter "d" is a sun letter the letter "l" is here assimilated to it, and simply lengthens the sound of the "d". The initial vowel, written here as "a", is unstressed and can be transliterated into almost any vowel in the Latin alphabet. Spacing, hyphenation, the insertion of apostrophes and capitalisation are all variable. Commonly occurring representations are:
There are disambiguation & article pages for many of the names concerned, such as:
Use as separate surname.
In modern times in English-speaking environments the name "Uddin" has sometimes been used as if it was a separate surname. Some examples are:

</doc>
<doc id="18451190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451190" title="Haakon">
Haakon

Haakon is an Old Norse name and may refer to:
The name is not related to:

</doc>
<doc id="18451194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451194" title="Stephen Wong">
Stephen Wong

Stephen, Steven, Steve or Stefan Wong may refer to one of the following people:

</doc>
<doc id="18451210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451210" title="USS Artemis (ID-2187)">
USS Artemis (ID-2187)

USS "Artemis" (ID-2187), also known as the USAT "Artemis, was a German passenger liner seized by U.S. Customs at New York City at the start of American involvement in World War I. She was built in 1902 as Iowa and was renamed Bohemia" in 1912. She served the United States Army as the transport USAT "Artemis", and, at war’s end, she was transferred to the United States Navy as a transport for returning American troops and military equipment from Europe.
Postwar, she was transferred to the United States Shipping Board (USSB) (later the United States Maritime Commission (USMC)) and served as a merchant ship until 1941, when she was transferred to the Ministry of War Transport (MoWT), becoming one of the Empire ships, Empire Bittern. In July 1944, "Empire Bittern" was sunk as a blockship in support of Operation Overlord.
Construction.
"Iowa" was a steel-hulled, twin-screw passenger steamship built by Harland & Wolff Ltd, Belfast. She was yard number 349 and was launched on 5 July 1902. Completion was on 11 November 1902. "Iowa" was long, with a beam of and a depth of. She was powered by a 6-cylinder triple expansion steam engine which had paired cylinders of , and diameter by stroke, giving her a speed of .
Early career.
"Iowa" was built for the White Diamond Steamship Company Ltd, Liverpool. She was operated under the management of George Warren & Co Ltd. In 1913, "Iowa" was sold to the Hamburg Amerika Line and renamed "Bohemia".
Seized in New York by U.S. Customs.
The outbreak of hostilities in Europe in the summer of 1914 stranded many German and Austrian ships, "Bohemia" amongst them, in American ports. Because of her German registry, she was seized by American customs officials after the United States entered World War I in April 1917.
World War I service.
Service with the U.S. Army.
"Bohemia" was renamed "Artemis", armed with a main battery of one and one gun, and placed in service as an Army transport. She served as USAT "Artemis" during World War I and for over three months after the war ended. Her battery was removed at Norfolk, Virginia on 30 November 1918, and she completed her last voyage as an Army transport at New York City on 23 February 1919.
Bringing U.S. troops back home.
Turned over to the Navy at Fletcher's Drydock in Hoboken, New Jersey, "Artemis", given the identification number (ID. No.) 2187, was commissioned there on 8 April, the second ship to be so named by the U.S. Navy, Commander John P. Jackson in command. Assigned to the Cruiser and Transport Force, "Artemis" sailed for France on 25 April, and reached St. Nazaire on 8 May. Sailing for Newport News, Virginia on 11 May, she arrived at her destination on 24 May. Shifting that same day to Norfolk, Virginia, she commenced her second transatlantic crossing voyage cycle on 1 June.
Besides her embarked returning doughboys, "Artemis" brought back a cargo of trucks to Newport News on her second voyage, arriving there on 26 June. Shifting to Norfolk the same day, the ship began her third round-trip voyage on 2 July, departing Norfolk for France. Arriving at St. Nazaire on 15 July, Artemis moved to Brest soon thereafter, and began the return trip from that port on 21 July.
Arriving at Norfolk on 3 August, via Newport News, the ship underwent voyage repairs at Norfolk from 6–9 August. She sailed thence for France on the latter day on her last voyage as a naval vessel, reaching St. Nazaire on 21 August. Sailing for the U.S. on 12 September, "Artemis" arrived at New York City on the morning of 23 September, mooring at pier 3, Army Base, Brooklyn, New York.
Decommissioning.
Shifting to steamship pier 2, Army Base, on 8 October, "Artemis" was decommissioned on 18 October 1919. During her career as a Navy transport, she had brought home 11,760 troops. Her name was struck from the Naval Vessel Register on 18 October, and the ship was transferred to the (USSB for disposition.
Subsequent maritime career.
The USSB's fourth annual report, for the fiscal year ending 30 June 1920, lists "Artemis" as being transferred to the France and Canada Steamship Corp. to be operated by that company, but this may never have come to pass, since contemporary merchant vessel registers refer only to her USSB ownership. Likewise, lists of ships operated by the France and Canada Steamship Co. do not contain "Artemis".
Laid up by 1923, "Artemis" remained inactive through the 1930s and into World War II, in the hands of the USSB and its successor, the USMC. Acquired by the MoWT in 1941, the ship was renamed "Empire Bittern". Her port of registry was London and she was operated under the management of Royal Mail Lines Ltd. "Empire Bittern" was a member of a number of convoys during World War II.
Convoy HX 189 departed from Halifax, Nova Scotia on 10 May 1942 and arrived at Liverpool on 20 May. "Empire Bittern" was to have joined the convoy, but did not sail, joining the following convoy, HX 190 instead.
Convoy HX 190 departed from Halifax, Nova Scotia on 17 May 1942 and arrived at Liverpool on 28 May.
On 23 July 1944, "Empire Bittern" was sunk as an additional blockship as part of Operation Overlord.
Official number and code letters.
Official Numbers were a forerunner to IMO Numbers. "Artemis" had the United States Official number 215315. She is recorded as having the Code Letters LHMG in 1930. "Empire Bittern" had the UK Official Number 115329 and used the Code Letter BCGL.

</doc>
<doc id="18451217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451217" title="Adajania">
Adajania

Adajania is a surname. People with this surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18451225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451225" title="Abricots">
Abricots

Abricots (Creole: "Abriko") is a municipality in the Jérémie Arrondissement, in the Grand'Anse Department of Haiti.
It has 24,555 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="18451242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451242" title="Open All Night (song)">
Open All Night (song)

"Open All Night" is a song written and recorded by rock musician Bruce Springsteen, which first appeared on Springsteen's 1982 solo album "Nebraska".
History.
Of the 10 songs on "Nebraska", "Open All Night" is the only one to feature an electric guitar. With a Chuck Berry-style guitar riff, the song tells the story of an unnamed narrator's all-night drive across industrial New Jersey to reach his girl, Wanda, whom he met when she was a waitress at the Route 60 Bob's Big Boy.
"Open All Night" was released as a single in the UK, backed by "The Big Payback", but did not chart. It was also released as a single in The Netherlands and Spain. Though never released as a single in the United States, it garnered enough album oriented rock airplay to reach #22 on the U.S. Billboard Mainstream Rock Tracks chart.
The song shares a common lyrical structure and themes with two other Springsteen songs. The first is "State Trooper," also found on the "Nebraska" album. The other was "Living on the Edge of the World," recorded in 1979 but released as part of the four-disk box set "Tracks" in 1998.
Springsteen performed this song infrequently until the Sessions Band Tour of 2006, when it was transformed into an eight-minute honky-tonk number. This is the version that appears on the "" CD and DVD.
During a show on 9/14/1984 in Philadelphia, Springsteen introduced the song as being "about the Golden Roadway of the East...the New Jersey Turnpike!". Before performing the song he tells the story of him being pulled over by a policeman right after getting off at Exit 8 in Hightstown while driving back home from New York City. During the stop Springsteen did not have his license and car registration on him and although he was recognized by the officer as being that "rock and roll singer" who "wrote that Born to Run song", he was told he was "in a lot of trouble". The Police Officer issued him a ticket and Springsteen had to appear in traffic court. When he later appeared in traffic court Springsteen tried to talk his way out of the ticket by pleading "guilty with an explanation" but the judge ruled that he had to pay the fine. While walking out of traffic court Springsteen walked past the Hightstown officer who said to him, "Son, stop by anytime, because out on highway we're open all night". This performance is documented on the bootleg recording "Nebraska Live" released by E.ST. Records (Recording#: ES-22). This is apparently one of two versions of a bootleg recording called "Nebraska Live".
Jay Farrar of Son Volt recorded a version which was released in 2005 on .

</doc>
<doc id="18451258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451258" title="Anse-d'Hainault">
Anse-d'Hainault

Anse-d'Hainault (Creole: "Ansdeno") is a municipality in the Anse-d'Hainault Arrondissement, in the Grand'Anse Department of Haiti.
It has 23,185 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="18451259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451259" title="Cultural depictions of elephants">
Cultural depictions of elephants

Elephants have been the subject of various cultural depictions in popular culture, mythology and symbolism. They are both revered in religion and are known for their prowess in war. They also have negative connotations such as being a symbol for an unnecessary burden. Ever since the stone age, when elephants were represented by ancient petroglyphs and cave art, they have been depicted in the arts in various forms, including pictures, sculptures, music, film, and even architecture.
Religion, mythology and philosophy.
The Asian elephant appears in various religious traditions and mythologies. They are treated positively and are sometimes revered as deities, often symbolising strength and wisdom. Similarly, the African elephant is seen as the wise chief who impartially settles disputes among the forest creatures in African fables, and the Ashanti tradition holds that they are human chiefs from the past.
The earth is supported and guarded by mythical World Elephants at the compass points of the cardinal directions, according to the Hindu cosmology of ancient India. The classical Sanskrit literature also attributes earthquakes to the shaking of their bodies when they tire. Wisdom is represented by the elephant in the form of the deity Ganesh, one of the most popular gods in the Hindu religion's pantheon. Also sometimes known as Ganesha, this deity is very distinctive in having a human form with the head of an elephant. This was put on after the human head was either was cut off or burned, depending on the version of the story from various Hindu sources. Lord Ganesha's birthday (rebirth) is celebrated as the Hindu festival known as Ganesha Chaturthi.
Indra was said to ride on a flying white elephant named Airavata, who was made the King of all elephants by Lord Indra. A white elephant is rare and given special significance. It is often considered sacred and symbolises royalty in Thailand and Burma, where it is also considered a symbol of good luck.
Elephants remain an integral part of religion in South Asia and some are even used in various religious practices. Temple elephants are specially trained captive elephants that are used in various temple activities. Among the most famous of the temple elephants is Guruvayur Keshavan of Kerala, India. They are also used in festivals in Sri Lanka such as the Esala Perahera.
In the version of the Chinese zodiac used in Northern Thailand, the last year in the 12-year cycle – called "Year of the Pig" in China – is known instead as "Year of the Elephant", reflecting the importance of elephants in Thai culture.
In Islamic tradition, the year 570 is when the Prophet Muhammad was born and is known as the Year of the Elephant. In that year, Abraha, ruler of Yemen tried to conquer Mecca and demolish the Kaaba, reportedly in retaliation for the previous Meccan defilement of a cathedral Abraha had constructed in Sana'a. However, his plan was foiled when his white elephant named Mahmud refused to cross the boundary of Mecca. The elephant, who led Abraha's forty thousand men, could not be persuaded with reason or even with violence, which was regarded as a crucial omen by Abraha's soldiers. This is generally related in the five verses of the chapter titled 'The Elephant' in the Quran.
In the Judeo-Christian tradition, the mutual killing of both Eleazar the Maccabee and a war elephant carrying an important Seleucid general in the apocryphal book of 1 Maccabees have been depicted by many medieval artists. The early illustrators knew little of the elephant and their portrayals are highly inaccurate.
The unfamiliarity with the exotic beast have also made elephants a subject of widely different interpretations thus giving rise to different mythological creatures. The story of the blind men and an elephant was written to show how reality may be viewed by different perspectives. The source of this parable is unknown, but it appears to have originated in India. It has been attributed to Buddhists, Hindus, Jainists, and Sufis, and was also used by Discordians. The scattered skulls of prehistoric pygmy elephants on the islands of Crete and Sicily may have formed the basis of belief in existence of cyclopes, the one-eyed giants featured in Homer's Odyssey (c. 800~600 BC). As early as the 1370s, scholars had noted that the skulls feature a large nasal cavity at the front that could be mistaken for a singular eye socket; and the skulls, twice the size of a human's, looked as if they could belong to giant humanoids. It is also suggested that the Behemoth described in the Book of Job may be the elephant due to its grazing habits and preference to rivers.
In Art.
From Stone age rock-art to Modern age street-art exhibitions, the elephant has remained a popular subject for artists.
Prehistoric.
Prehistoric North Africans depicted the elephant in Paleolithic age rock art. For example, the Libyan Tadrart Acacus (UNESCO World Heritage site) features a rock carving of an elephant from the last phase of the Pleistocene epoch (12,000–8000 BC) rendered with remarkable realism. There are many other prehistoric examples, including Neolithic rock art of south Oran (Algeria), and a white elephant rock painting in 'Phillip's Cave' by the San in the Erongo region of Namibia. From the Bovidian period (3550–3070 BCE) elephant images by the San bushmen in the South African Cederberg Wilderness Area suggest to researchers that they had "a symbolic association with elephants" and "had a deep understanding of the communication, behaviour and social structure of elephant family units" and "possibly developed a symbiotic relationship with elephants that goes back thousands of years."
Modern.
Elephants are often featured in modern artistic works, including those by artists such as Norman Rockwell, Andy Warhol and Banksy. The stork-legged elephant, found in many Salvador Dalí works, is one of the surrealist's best known Icons, and adorn the walls of the Dalí Museum in Spain.
In Politics and Secular Society.
The elephant is also depicted in various political groups and secular society.
In Asia.
Asian cultures admire the high intelligence and good memory of Asian elephants. As such, they symbolise wisdom and royal power. They are used as a representative of various political parties such as United National Party of Sri Lanka and Bahujan Samaj Party of India. The Elephants of Kerala are an integral part of the daily life in Kerala, South India. These Indian elephants are loved, revered, groomed and given a prestigious place in the state's culture. There they are often referred to as the 'sons of the "sahya".' The elephant is the state animal of Kerala and is featured on the emblem of the Government of Kerala. The elephant is also on the flag of the Kingdom of Laos with three elephants visible, supporting an umbrella (another symbol of royal power) until it became a republic in 1975. Other Indochinese and Thai realms had also displayed one or more white elephants.
The elephant can also be found in games. In shatranj, the Medieval game from which Chess developed, the piece corresponding to the modern bishop was known as "Pil" or "Alfil" ("Elephant"; from Persian and Arabic, respectively). In the Indian chaturanga game the piece is also called "Elephant" ("Gaja"). The same is true in Chinese chess which has an elephant piece ("Xiàng", 象); the elephants serve as a defensive pieces, being the only ones that may not cross the river that divides the game board. In the Japanese shogi version, the piece was known as the ""Drunken" Elephant"; however, it was dropped by order of the Emperor Go-Nara and no longer appears in the version played in contemporary Japan. Even with modern Chess, the word for the bishop is still "Alfil" in Spanish, "Alfiere" in Italian, "Feel" in Persian, and "Elephant" (Слон) in Russian. All of these games were originally a kind of simulation of a battlefield, thus this piece represented a war elephant. In the present-day canonical Staunton chess set, the piece's deep groove, which originally represented the elephant's tusks, is now regarded as representing a bishop's (or abbot's) mitre.
The elephant also lends its name in some of the landmarks in Asia. Elephanta Island (also called "Gharapuri Island") in Mumbai Harbour was given this name by 17th century Portuguese explorers who saw a monolithic basalt sculpture of an elephant near the entrance to what became known as the Elephanta Caves. The Portuguese attempted to take it home with them but ended up dropping it into the sea because their chains were not strong enough. Later, the British moved this elephant to the Victoria and Albert Museum (now Dr. Bhau Daji Lad Museum) in Mumbai.
In Europe.
Aside from being a curiosity for Europeans, the elephant also became a symbol of military might from the experience of fighting foreign powers that fielded war elephants throughout history. After Alexander the Great's victory over King Porus of India, the captured war elephants became a symbol of imperial power, being used as an emblem of the Seleucid diadoch empire. The Order of the Elephant () is the highest order of Denmark, instituted in its current form on 1693 by King Christian V.
The killing and eating of the elephants Castor and Pollux from the Botanical gardens during the 1870 Siege of Paris received considerable attention at the time. This became emblematic of the hardships and degradation caused by siege and war, especially since the two elephants were previously very popular with the Parisian public. The city of Catania, Sicily has an immemorial connection with this animal. The local sorcerer Heliodorus, was credited with either riding a magic elephant or transforming himself into this animal. Under Medieval Arab rule Catania was known as "Balad-Al-Fil" or "Medinat-Al-Fil" (Country/City of the Elephant). The symbol of the city is the "Fontana dell'Elefante" assembled in its present form in 1736 by Giovanni Battista Vaccarini.
In Central London, England, an area known as the "Elephant and Castle" (or "The Elephant") is a major road intersection and a station of the London Underground. The "Castle" in the location's name likely refers to a Howdah. More recently in Britain, Welephant, a red elephant cartoon character with a fireman's helmet, was originally used as a mascot by fire brigades in the United Kingdom to promote fire safety for children and has become the mascot for the Children's Burn Trust.
In America.
The elephant as the symbol for the Republican Party of the United States originated in an 1874 political cartoon of an Asian elephant by Thomas Nast in "Harper's Weekly". This cartoon, titled "Third Term Panic", is a parody of Aesop's fable, "The Ass in the Lion's Skin". It depicts an elephant (labelled "The Republican Vote") running toward a "chasm of chaos"; frightening a jackass in a lion's skin (labelled "Caesarism") which scatters animals representing various interests. Although Nast used the elephant seven more times to represent the "Republican Vote", he did not use it to represent the "Republican Party" until March 1884 in "The Sacred Elephant".
In Africa.
Many African cultures revere the African Elephant as a symbol of strength and power. It is also praised for its size, longevity, stamina, mental faculties, cooperative spirit, and loyalty. South Africa, uses elephant tusks in their coat of arms to represent wisdom, strength, moderation and eternity. The elephant is symbolically important to the nation of Ivory Coast ("Côte d'Ivoire"); the Coat of arms of Ivory Coast features an elephant head escutcheon as its focal point.
In popular culture.
The elephant has entered into popular culture through various idiomatic expressions and adages.
The phrase "elephants never forget" refers to the belief that elephants have excellent memories. The variation "Women and elephants never forget an injury" originates from the 1904 book "Reginald on Besetting Sins" by British writer Hector Hugh Munro, better known as Saki.
This adage seems to have a basis in fact, as reported in "Scientific American":
"Seeing the Elephant" was a 19th-century Americanism that pioneers and soldiers used to qualify new and exciting adventures that sometimes ended badly. Often used in regards to the Civil War, Mexican-American War, and the Oregon Trail. The expression white elephant refers to an expensive burden, particularly to a situation in which much has been invested with false expectations. The phrase 'white elephant sale' was sometimes used in Australia as a synonym for jumble sale. In the U.S., a White elephant gift exchange is a popular winter holiday party activity. The idiom Elephant in the room tells of an obvious truth that no one wants to discuss, alluding to the animal's size compared to a small space. Jumbo, a circus elephant, has entered the English language as a synonym for "large". Jumbo was the name of a huge elephant acquired by P. T. Barnum from the London Zoo in 1882. The name itself may have come from a West African native word for "elephant" (cf. Kongo "nzamba"). 
Literature.
The elephant is viewed in both positive and negative lights in similar fashion as humans in various forms of literature. In fact, Pliny the Elder praised the beast in his "Naturalis Historia" as one who is the closest to human sensibilities. The elephant's different connotations clash in Ivo Andrić's novella "The Vizier's Elephant". Here the citizens of Travnik despise the young elephant who symbolises the cruelty of the unseen Vizier. However, the elephant itself is young and innocent despite unknowingly causing havoc due to youthful play. Elephant characters are often shown in a positive light, such as Jean de Brunhoff's Babar and Dr. Seuss' Horton. The animal is also depicted in their military use through the oliphaunts of J. R. R. Tolkien's "The Lord of the Rings" trilogy and the alien invaders of Larry Niven and Jerry Pournelle's 1985 science fiction novel, "Footfall".
Notable short stories featuring elephants include Rudyard Kipling's "Toomai of the Elephants" and "The Elephant's Child"; as well as Mark Twain's "The Stolen White Elephant". George Orwell wrote an allegorical essay: "Shooting an Elephant".
The animal is also seen in historical novels. "The Elephant's Journey" (Portuguese: "A Viagem do Elefante", 2008) is a novel by Nobel laureate José Saramago. This is a fictional account based on an historical 16th century journey from Lisbon to Vienna by an elephant named Solomon. 
"An Elephant for Aristotle" is a 1958 historical novel by L. Sprague de Camp. It concerns the adventures of a Thessalian cavalry commander who has been tasked by Alexander the Great to bring an elephant captured from an Indian ruler, Porus, to Athens as a present for Alexander's old tutor, Aristotle.
Elephants can also represent the hugeness and wildness of the imagination, as in Ursula Dubosarsky's 2012 children's book, "Too Many Elephants in This House", which also plays with the notion of the elephant in the room.
An imaginary elephant can (perhaps) become real, as with the elusive Hefalump. Although never specified as an elephant in A. A. Milne's Winnie the Pooh stories, a heffalump physically resembles an elephant; and E. H. Shepard's illustration shows an Indian elephant. ""Hefalump"" has since been defined as "a child's term for an elephant."
Sports.
The Elephant is used as a mascot or logo for various sports groups. The mascot for the Oakland Athletics ("A's") baseball team is based on the figurative white elephant. The story of picking the mascot began when New York Giants' manager John McGraw told reporters that Philadelphia manufacturer Benjamin Shibe, who owned the controlling interest in the new team, had a "white elephant on his hands"; Connie Mack defiantly adopted the white elephant as the team mascot, although over the years the elephant has appeared in several different colours (currently forest green). The A's are sometimes, but infrequently, referred to as the 'Elephants' or 'White Elephants'. The team mascot is nicknamed Stomper. Catania, Italy also uses the elephant to represent their football team, referencing the animal that also represents their city.
Music.
The elephant is also featured in music such as Henry Mancini's hit song "Baby Elephant Walk". The American band the White Stripes' fourth album was entitled "Elephant "in honour of the animal's brute strength and closeness to its relatives. The hit single "Elephant" by British recording artist Alexandra Burke is based on the expression "elephant in the room". "Nellie the Elephant" is a children's song first released in 1956 and since covered by many artists including the punk-rock band Toy Dolls; which also inspired a UK cartoon TV series of the same name featuring Lulu voicing Nelly.
Film and television.
The elephant is also featured in film and television. Thailand has produced various movies about the animal. Among them are "Tom-Yum-Goong" (US title: "The Protector", UK title: "Warrior King") and the 1940 historical drama film "King of the White Elephant". In the West, the elephant was popularised by Dumbo, the elephant who learns to fly in the Disney movie of the same name. Kipling's "Toomai of the Elephants" was adapted as the 1937 British adventure film "Elephant Boy".

</doc>
<doc id="18451286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451286" title="Wayne Wilkins">
Wayne Wilkins

Wayne Wilkins is a classically trained pianist, Record producer, songwriter, record engineer, and record mixer born in the southeast London neighborhood of Croydon. Wilkins’ productions for Natasha Bedingfield (No. 1 UK Single“These Words,” No. 3 UK Single “Single” and “Love Like This”), Beyoncé (“Sweet Dreams” No. 10 "Billboard" Hot 100), Cheryl Cole (“Fight For This Love” No. 1 "Billboard" UK Songs and “Promise This” No. 1 UK Digital Songs), and Jordin Sparks (“Battlefield” No. 10 Billboard Hot 100) are quickly making him one of the industry’s most sought after songwriter/producers.
Wilkins also heads his own record label, Croydon Boy, production company, Wayne Wilkins Music Group and music publishing companies, Ego Frenzy and Blow The Speakers. Wilkins is managed by Made Communication, Miami, FL.
Early life.
Wilkins became exposed to music very early in life and was taking piano lessons by age 4. Wilkins soon earned a scholarship to a music conservatory as a child. Growing up Wilkins also played organ at cathedrals and other venues around London.
Wilkins went on to Royal College of Music in London. Wilkins had other intellectual interests outside of music and also graduated with a physics degree from Imperial College.
While in college one of Wilkins early jobs was teaching piano lessons. He also interned at Townhouse Studios and Olympic Studios where he received further training in engineering, mixing, and producing.
Music career.
While Wilkins was interning at Olympic Studios he got the opportunity to work for famous engineer Spike Stent. Stent’s resume includes working with such artists as Madonna, Beyoncé, Björk, Lily Allen, Depeche Mode, Massive Attack, Yeah Yeah Yeahs, Oasis, U2, Usher, and Lady Gaga. Working for Stent provided Wilkins the opportunity to program for the engineer and work on high budgeted recordings. During his tenure with Stent Wilkins was able to work with producers and artists such as Timbaland, Oasis, Rodney Jerkins, Madonna and U2. Wilkins was able to work on the No Doubt “Rock Steady” album which Wilkins says later on afforded him higher profile opportunities for him to work on in the industry.
In 2000 Wilkins started working independently. The first band Wilkins produced after going independent was the multiplatinum, Grammy nominated group The Corrs. Since The Corrs Wilkins has gone on to produce and write for many more prominent artists.
In May 2004 multiplatinum Grammy nominated singer Natasha Bedingfield released “Single”, a song co-written and co-produced by Wilkins. The song went on to reach No. 3 on the UK Singles Top 75 chart.
Natasha Bedingfield followed “Single” with “These Words” released in August 2004. Co-produced and co-written by Wilkins, the song climbed to No. 1 on the UK Singles Chart and was a top 20 hit in the US reaching No. 17 on "Billboard"’s Hot 100.
Wilkins co-wrote and co-produced another hit for Natasha Bedingfield, "Love Like This", which also featured Sean Kingston. The song released in September 2007 went platinum, to the top of "Billboards Dance/Club Play Songs, and to No. 11 on "Billboards Hot 100.
Grammy nominated singer Keri Hilson released her debut single “Energy” off of her gold album “In a Perfect World...” in May 2008. Wilkins cowrote and coproduced the single with fellow prominent members of production team The Runaways, Sam Watters, Rico Love, and Louis Biancaniello.
In early 2008, Wilkins co-wrote We Break the Dawn alongside Solange Knowles and Andrew Frampton for R&B singer Michelle Williams third album "Unexpected." He was also involved in creating the remix for the same song.
In June 2008 Shontelle’s “T-shirt” was released and co-written by Wilkins. The single was a dance hit in the United Kingdom and the United States. Reaching No. 1 on UK’s Urban Chart and No. 1 on "Billboard"’s Hot Dance Club songs.
Beyoncé released her double platinum and 5x Grammy winning album “I Am... Sasha Fierce” in November 2008 which included the Wilkins’ Production and co-written single “Sweet Dreams”. The song went on to reach platinum status and landed at No. 10 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart.
In May 2009 former American Idol winner Jordin Sparks released the single “Battlefield”. Wilkins cowrote and coproduced the song that reached the top 10 of "Billboard"’s Hot 100. With this song Wilkins assisted the platinum singer in achieving her third top 10 Billboard Hot 100 single.
British artist Cheryl Cole released the single “Fight For This Love” in October 2009 taken from her multiplatinum album “3 Words”. Wilkins co-wrote and co-produced the single which went platinum in the UK and topped Billboard’s UK Songs Chart and the BBC’s UK Singles Chart.
Awards and Nominations.
-2005 BMI London Award for “These Words”
-2006 BMI London Award for “Single”
-2007 BMI London Award for “Love Like This”
-2008 BMI Pop Award for “Love Like This”
-2008 BMI London Award for “T-Shirt”
-2009 Grammy nomination Album of the Year – Beyoncé – I Am… Sasha Fierce
-2009 BMI Pop Award for “Battlefield”
-2010 BMI London Award for “Battlefield”
-2010 BMI London Award for “Sweet Dreams”
Musical Influences/Songwriting/Mixing and Engineering/Gear.
Musical Influences.
Wilkins has cited artists such as Michael Jackson, David Foster, Whitney Houston, Chicago, John Williams, and Oscar Peterson as having a major influence on his style and tastes.
Songwriting.
With his writing techniques, Wilkins prefers to start with chord progressions as opposed to lyrics. He has said he attempts to be a “vessel” in which music just flows out of him naturally. He prefers writing and producing together to see the song all the way through both processes to make sure it’s a hit. When writing Wilkins chooses not to use many sounds but only what is completely necessary. He says he tends to write simple lyrics that people can grasp with a running theme throughout the song. He likes to write simple chords to pop songs and focuses on the melody. When he can Wilkins prefers co-writing. Generally Wilkins focuses on the music and the melody and collaborates with lyricists.
Mixing and Engineering.
Early in his career Wilkins worked under mixing engineer Mark “Spike” Stent of EMI. Wilkins knows how to record and also professionally mix recordings. Wilkins prefers to record an artist where they are most comfortable so he travels to where the artist is with portable gear.
Gear.
Wilkins’ gear generally consists of an Apple Logic, a MacBook Pro and an Apogee Symphony Mobile System. Wilkins has stated his gear allows him to record anywhere in the world.
Ventures.
Croydon Boy/Ego Frenzy/Wayne Wilkins Music Group/Blow The Speakers.
Wilkins started his own record label, Croydon Boy, in 2013, and signed Tiny Dancer as a new artist.
Wilkins runs his own production company Wayne Wilkins Music Group, and publishing companies, Ego Frenzy and Blow The Speakers. Producers and songwriters T-Wiz, Josh Sugar, and Glass are signed to Ego Frenzy. Wilkins is currently interested in developing new artists. Wilkins has said that he scouts new talent on youtube and myspace.

</doc>
<doc id="18451287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451287" title="Addenbrooke">
Addenbrooke

Addenbrooke is a surname of English origin. People with this surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18451291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451291" title="Beaumont, Grand'Anse">
Beaumont, Grand'Anse

Beaumont (Creole: "Bomon") is a municipality in the Corail Arrondissement, in the Grand'Anse Department of Haiti.
It has 12,486 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="18451306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451306" title="John McGrath (hurler)">
John McGrath (hurler)

John ‘Jobber’ McGrath (1928–1980) was an Irish sportsperson. He played hurling with his local club Rickardstown and with the Westmeath senior inter-county team from 1950 until 1965. McGrath is regarded as one of the greatest players never to have won an All-Ireland medal.
Playing career.
Club.
McGrath played his club hurling with his local Rickardstown club and enjoyed some success. He won his first senior county title in 1953. McGrath added to his collection in 1959 and 1963 when he captured two more county championship medals. He finished his playing career with Lough Lene Gaels(who were an amalgamation between Collinstown, Fore, Glenidan and Mcgraths club Rickardstown), winning a junior medal with the club in 1973.
Inter-county.
McGrath first came to prominence on the inter-county scene with the Westmetah minor hurling team in the 1940s. He had little success in this grade. In 1950 McGrath made his debut for the Westmeath senior team, beginning a fifteen-year inter-county career. During this era he enjoyed minimal success with the county as Westmeath were one of the minnows of the Leinster Championship.
Provincial.
McGrath also lined out with Leinster in the inter-provincial hurling competition and enjoyed some success. He won his sole Railway Cup medal in 1956 as Leinster defeated Munster.

</doc>
<doc id="18451307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451307" title="Shah Jahan Mosque, Woking">
Shah Jahan Mosque, Woking

The Shah Jahan Mosque (also known as "Woking Mosque") in Oriental Road, Woking, England, is the first purpose-built mosque in the United Kingdom. Built in 1889, it is located thirty miles south-west of London.
Construction.
The Shah Jahan Mosque was built in 1889 as one of the first mosques in Western Europe by Gottlieb Wilhelm Leitner. It is built in Bath and Bargate stone in indo-saracenic style commissioned by Shah Jahan, Begum of Bhopal (1868–1901), and maintained since then as a Waqf. 
Shah Jahan Begum made sizable donations towards the building of the mosque and also contributed generously towards the founding of the “Muhammadan Anglo-Oriental College” at Aligarh, which developed into the Aligarh Muslim University.
A drawing of the Woking Mosque by the architect W. I. Chambers was published in "The Building News and Engineering Journal", dated 2 August 1889, shortly before the Mosque was completed. It was opened to the public in October or November, 1889.
Ahmadiyya period.
The mosque fell into disuse briefly between 1900 and 1912. And in 1913, Leitner's son was on the point of selling the mosque to a developer. The Indian lawyer Khwaja Kamal-ud-Din, who had just arrived in England, was instructed by Noor-ud-Din the first successor of Mirza Ghulam Ahmad, founder of the Ahmadiyya movement to establish an Islamic mission in the mosque.
Khwaja took the case to court arguing that the mosque was consecrated ground and enjoyed the same rights and status as a church. He won and as a result was able to purchase the mosque and its grounds for a nominal sum from the inheritor. The Woking Muslim Mission was established.
Imams of the mosque include:
Kamal-ud-Din, Sadr-ud-Din, Abdul Majid, Shaikh Hafiz Wahba, Marmaduke Pickthall, Muhammad Yakub Khan, William Bashyr Pickard, Mustafa Khan, Nazir Ahmad, Aftab-ud-Din Ahmad, S. M. Abdullah, Muhammad Yahya Butt, Iqbal Ahmad, Ghulam Rabbani Khan, Sheikh Muhammad Tufail. Dr. S. M. Abdullah, Imam of the Woking Mosque; Eid Sermons at the Shah Jehan Mosque; Biography of Iqbal Ahmad Sahib</ref>
Sunni mosque, 1935 onwards.
In 1935 the Mosque broke ties with the Ahmadiyya movement and returned to being a Sunni mosque. Current Head Imam of the mosque is Muhammad Saeed Hashmi. It is a Grade II* listed building.

</doc>
<doc id="18451314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451314" title="Bonbon, Grand'Anse">
Bonbon, Grand'Anse

Bonbon (Creole: "Bonbon") is a municipality in the Jérémie Arrondissement, in the Grand'Anse Department of Haiti. The non-profit organization Sant Demen is establishing a learning center for the Haitian community in the area. It has 6,754 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="18451318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451318" title="Daniel Korski">
Daniel Korski

Daniel Korski is a special adviser to Prime Minister David Cameron. 
He has worked as an adviser to Andrew Mitchell MP, the former Conservative Chief Whip, and for the British member of the European Commission, Catherine Ashton, as well as for Edward Llewellyn, during his time as chief of staff to Lord Paddy Ashdown, the then-UN High Representative of Bosnia-Herzegovina. 
Korski is the son of Polish Jewish refugees, who were expelled from Poland in the late 1960s, and was educated at the London School of Economics, where he gained a first, and at Cambridge University. 
As a British official, Korski worked in a number of positions in London, Washington DC, Iraq, Yemen and Afghanistan. He deployed to Kabul, Afghanistan, in 2005 to advise President Hamid Karzai's government; and in 2007 he ran the Provincial Reconstruction Team in Basra in Iraq, overseeing the post-conflict reconstruction of Basra province during the height of the conflict. He also undertook a secondment to the U.S. State Department under then US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice. In between these postings, Korski helped establish and was the deputy head of the cross-departmental Stabilisation Unit.
Before working for the British government, Korski worked in Parliament as a policy adviser to the House of Commons Defence Select Committee. In 2008 Korski helped establish the bi-partisan think tank the European Council on Foreign Relations and has written regularly for "The Spectator" and has appeared in "The Guardian", "Süddeutsche Zeitung", "New York Times" and "European Voice". 

</doc>
<doc id="18451329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451329" title="Mindjet">
Mindjet

Mindjet is a collaborative work management software company headquartered in San Francisco, California. Mindjet's software products, including its namesake product Mindjet (a combination of prior products MindManager and Mindjet Connect), are designed to visually and collaboratively manage information and tasks. , Mindjet had approximately two million users.
Company history.
Mindjet was founded in 1998 by computer programmer Mike Jetter and his wife, Bettina Jetter, in order to support the development of their mind mapping software, MindManager. Jetter conceived of the idea for the first product while recovering from an illness in hospital, and began developing the program while living in Germany in 1994, aiming to simplify the creation and sharing of mind maps for business users. In August 2001, Mindjet received approximately $5 million in venture capital from London-based investment group 3i, which the company used to market MindManager in the U.S. and Europe. Scott Raskin, the former chief operating officer for Telelogic, was named CEO of Mindjet in 2006.
In 2011, the company acquired Thinking Space, an Android-based information mapping application, and Cohuman, a social task management service. The acquisition of Cohuman enabled Mindjet to launch a new collaborative working service called Mindjet Connect on September 22, 2011.
Products and services.
Mindjet develops collaborative work management software for Microsoft Windows and Mac OS, and for both Apple iOS and Android mobile devices.
Until 2012, the company's products focused on mind mapping, collaboration and project management. The company's MindManager displayed information in mind maps using colors, words, images and spatial relationships to manage information such as business plans, speeches, research and presentations. Following the acquisition of Cohuman in 2011, Mindjet launched Mindjet Connect, a cloud-based service for collaborative working.
In December 2011 Mindjet reported 350,000 downloads for its iOS app and 1.1 million downloads for its Android-based app.
In September 2012, Mindjet combined its existing products, including MindManager, Mindjet Connect, and its mobile apps, into a single product named Mindjet and changed from a purchase-based model to a subscription-based model. Notable organizations and companies using Mindjet include the United States Coast Guard, Hewlett-Packard, Coca Cola, Walt Disney, IBM, Walmart and Nationwide.

</doc>
<doc id="18451331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451331" title="Chambellan">
Chambellan

Chambellan (Creole: "Chanbèlan") is a municipality in the Jérémie Arrondissement, in the Grand'Anse Department of Haiti.
It has 16,883 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="18451338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451338" title="80th meridian east">
80th meridian east

The meridian 80° east of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, Asia, the Indian Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 80th meridian east forms a great circle with the 100th meridian west.
From Pole to Pole.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 80th meridian east passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="18451343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451343" title="WR 102ka">
WR 102ka

WR 102ka also known as the Peony star is a Wolf-Rayet star that is one of several candidates for the most luminous known star in the Milky Way. The nearer star Eta Carinae, which was the second brightest star in the sky for a few years in the 19th century, appears to be slightly more luminous than WR 102ka, but it is known to be a binary star system. There is also the more recently discovered Pistol star which, like the Peony star, derives its name from the shape of the nebula it is embedded in and which has probably created through heavy mass loss via fierce stellar winds and perhaps also major "mini-supernova-like" eruptions as happened to Eta Carinae around the 1830s-1840s creating the lobes observed by the Hubble Space Telescope.
The luminosities of the Pistol Star, Eta Carinae and WR 102ka are all rendered somewhat uncertain due to heavy obscuration by galactic dust in the foreground, the effects of which must be corrected for before their apparent brightness can be reduced to estimate their physical radiated power, or "bolometric luminosity".
Both Eta Carinae and WR 102ka are believed likely to explode as supernovas or hypernovas within the next few million years.
As is typical of such extremely massive and luminous stars, both have expelled a considerable portion of their initial mass, when originally formed, in dense, massive stellar winds.
Because WR 102ka lies near the Galactic Center, it is the more distant and heavily obscured of the two, and is essentially totally obscured in visible wavelengths. Thus it must be observed in longer wavelength infrared light, which is able to penetrate the dust. The Spitzer Space Telescope observed WR 102ka at wavelengths of 3.6 µm, 8 µm, and 24 µm on April 20, 2005. The observations were carried out by L. Oskinova, W.-R. Hamann, and A. Barniske of Potsdam University, Germany.
WR 102ka was previously observed by the Two Micron All Sky survey (2MASS) in the near-infrared J, H, and Ks bands, at 1.2 µm, 1.58 µm, and 2.2 µm, respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="18451344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451344" title="List of independent bookstores">
List of independent bookstores

This is a list of independent bookstores sorted by country, and includes both current and defunct companies. This list includes smaller chains of stores operated along the lines of independent bookstores. This list includes brick-and-mortar stores that also may sell via online commerce.

</doc>
<doc id="18451353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451353" title="Corail, Grand'Anse">
Corail, Grand'Anse

Corail (Creole: "Koray") is a municipality in the Corail Arrondissement, in the Grand'Anse Department of Haiti.
It has 22,021 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="18451368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451368" title="Jon Edgar">
Jon Edgar

Jon Edgar is a British sculptor of the Frink School. Improvisation is an important part of his reductive working process and developed from the additive working process of Alan Thornhill. Blocks are initiated without prior thought; a step beyond direct carving. Carving without pre-conceived ideas, layers of ambiguity build into the work by the sculptor successively rejecting what starts to emerge, turning the block and working afresh until something unforeseen asserts itself more strongly than previous forms. Final works are often autobiographical, perhaps referencing anxieties or pre-occupations at the time. His body of work includes many clay portrait sketches of eminent sitters.
Biography.
Born 1968 in Rustington, West Sussex, the grandson of animator Brian White. He studied at both Exeter University and University of London before attending the former Frink School of Figurative Sculpture for two years from 2000, being awarded The Discerning Eye national bursary for his studies.
The Environment Triptych (2008) features portraits of the independent scientist James Lovelock (who sat in Devon in 2007), moral philosopher Mary Midgley (sitting in Newcastle in 2006) and writer Richard Mabey (sitting in Norfolk in 2007). Entrepreneur and co-founder of Cass Sculpture Foundation Wilfred Cass sat at Goodwood in 2008.
In 2009 the first sittings for the Environment Series heads took place, marking some of those who have contributed to a potential better future, with Professor Chris Rapley CBE sitting in Fittleworth, West Sussex, Tim Smit CBE in Fowey, Cornwall, Peter Randall-Page and Guy Watson in Devon, Gordon Murray in Surrey and Caroline Lucas in Brighton, East Sussex. 
In 2010, clay from the parish of Compton, Guildford was used for portraits of potter Mary Wondrausch and former Watts Gallery curator Richard Jefferies both of which became integrated into the Compton Triptych.
Wood from the felled Highgrove Cedar of Lebanon at Highgrove House given by Charles, Prince of Wales has produced three sculptures in 2010 and 2011. 
An interesting stone was discovered by Edgar and identified as an important Roman sculpture in 2012. 
Partner of landscape historian Kate Felus. One son, born 2006.
Work in public collections.
Portraits of Antarctic explorer and broadcaster Duncan Carse exist in public collections in South Georgia Museum, funded by the South Georgia Association, South Atlantic and at the Scott Polar Research Institute, Cambridge University, UK. A bronze of Philippa Scott was unveiled at the Wildfowl and Wetlands Trust Slimbridge visitor centre in December 2011. A relief carving was acquired by Surrey University Art Collection in 2012. A three tonne block of stone is being worked on site during early 2013 at Hindhead for a legacy sculpture to mark the A3 road being tunnelled and the Devil's Punch Bowl landscape being restored.
Film appearances.
The documentary film on sculptor Alan Thornhill; Spirit in Mass - Journey into Sculpture, which was produced in 2007 with funding from Screen South and UK Film Council, features former students of the Frink School, including Edgar talking about Thornhill's influence on his own work.
The creation of the Stephen Duffy head was coincidentally documented during the filming of the Douglas Arrowsmith documentary "Memory & Desire: 30 Years in the Wilderness with Stephen Duffy & the Lilac Time". The film was released at the London Raindance Film Festival in October 2009.
The terracotta sculpture forms the CD cover image for the 2009 album by the same name.
The 2006 Herefordshire Jigsaw Sculpture outreach project is documented on film.
Articles and Publications.
P.Hall, M.Scott, H. Pheby (2013). Jon Edgar - Sculpture Series Heads - Terracotta Portraits of Contributors to British Sculpture ISBN 978 0 9558675 1 4 (Hesworth Press in association with The Lightbox and Yorkshire Sculpture Park)
E. Black, J. Edgar, K.M.J. Hayward and M. Henig (2012). A New Sculpture of Iphigenia in Tauris. 
Britannia: A Journal of Romano-British and Kindred Studies, 43, pp 243­-249 doi:10.1017/S0068113X12000244 (Cambridge Journals)
'Lady Scott Commemorated'; Waterlife; April/June 2012 p. 9
A Decade of Sculpture in the Garden, Harold Martin Botanic Garden University of Leicester (2011) ISBN 978-0-9564739-1-2 p. 30
Meet the artist, Surrey Life November 2011 p. 156 Archant Press 
The Petworth Magazine No. 139, pp. 11–12 2010 - "Petworth Marble - an update"
The Jackdaw Magazine Nov/Dec 2009 - "Portrait Sculpture: A Neglected Form?" p. 10 ISSN 1474 3914 
The Petworth Magazine No. 132, pp. 10–11 2008 - "A contemporary search for Petworth Marble"
Responses - Carvings and Claywork (2008) has a foreword by Sir Roy Strong and features other terracotta portraits of eminent sitters who all agreed to sit for Edgar including sculptors Alan Thornhill, Nicolas Moreton and Ken Ford, historian Sir Roy Strong, conservationist Lady Philippa Scott (widow of Sir Peter Scott), entrepreneur Stuart Wheeler, industrialist Sir John Harvey-Jones and songwriter and musician Stephen Duffy.
Timothy Mowl's 2007 publication on the Historic Gardens of Oxfordshire includes the landscape of Asthall Manor, home to the biennial stone sculpture event where reference is made to Edgar "coaxing his stone into semi-figurative forms of brooding power, as in his 'Wight Man' and 'Arch' '.

</doc>
<doc id="18451379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451379" title="Dame-Marie, Haiti">
Dame-Marie, Haiti

'Dame Marie(Creole: "Dam Mari") is a small seaside town located on the western tip of Haiti in the municipality of Anse-d'Hainault, in the Grand'Anse Department of Haiti. Its population according to the 2003 census is 27,127 inhabitants. Unlike other cities in Haiti, nearly all the roads in Dame Marie are paved. Dame Marie is relatively well-developed and has an association for most of the existing trades and professions. Agriculture and fishing are the economic mainstays in the community. The land and sea do offer much potential, but profit margins are barely beyond sustainance due to outmoded equipment, lack of proper storage and poor transportation.
References.
It is a beautiful city

</doc>
<doc id="18451401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451401" title="Wejher coat of arms">
Wejher coat of arms

Weiher - is a Polish Coat of Arms. It was used by several szlachta families in the times of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth.
Notable bearers.
Notable bearers of this Coat of Arms include:

</doc>
<doc id="18451404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451404" title="Les Irois">
Les Irois

Les Irois (Creole: "Lèziwa") is a municipality in the Anse-d'Hainault Arrondissement, in the Grand'Anse Department of Haiti.
It has 17,340 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="18451416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451416" title="Ausia, Pakistan">
Ausia, Pakistan

Ausia (اوسیاہ is a village within the Union Council of Dewal in Murree Tehsil (مری), Rawalpindi District, Pakistan. It borders Union Councils of Rawat and Phagwari. It is located at 33°59'N, 73°28'E with an altitude of 1712 meters (5620) on Upper Kohala Road that starts at Gikagali due to bifurcation of Regular Murree Road and again unites with the one going through lower Dewal, at Basian and then leads to kashmir via Kohala Bridge. Ausia has the unique privilege of having 99% literacy rate. It is declared to be the most educated village of Pakistan since 1992.Auisa primary school was formed in 1876. Ausia boys high school remained the only high school after Murree for many years.
Many more people of present era who are making their leading careers in the field of Accounting, Law, medical, engineering, business, armed forces and education.

</doc>
<doc id="18451425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451425" title="Moron, Grand'Anse">
Moron, Grand'Anse

Moron (Creole: "Mowon") is a municipality in the Jérémie Arrondissement, in the Grand'Anse Department of Haiti.
It has 24,713 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="18451431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451431" title="Ust’ Pinega Formation">
Ust’ Pinega Formation

The Ust’ Pinega Formation is a geological formation exposed along the banks of the Onega river in Russia, famed for the vast quantities of fossils of the Ediacara biota preserved in its ash beds.

</doc>
<doc id="18451437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451437" title="Pestel, Grand'Anse">
Pestel, Grand'Anse

Pestel (Creole: "Pestèl") is a municipality in the Corail Arrondissement, in the Grand'Anse Department of Haiti.
It has 36,138 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="18451444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451444" title="Vitruvian Pan">
Vitruvian Pan

Vitruvian Pan is an album by Thee Majesty. It was released on June 12, 2007 in a limited edition of 1000 deluxe copies printed with vegetable-based inks on recycled custom folders.
Recording information.
Recorded at Waxy Yellow Buildup, New York City.

</doc>
<doc id="18451449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451449" title="Roseaux">
Roseaux

Roseaux (Creole: "Wozo") is a municipality in the Corail Arrondissement, in the Grand'Anse Department of Haiti.
It has 28,811 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="18451462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451462" title="Yom-Tov Samia">
Yom-Tov Samia

Yom Tov Samia is a retired Israeli general. He was head of the Israel Defense Forces' Southern Command from January 2001 to December 2003. He retired from military service as a Major General. 
Biography.
Samia holds a Ph.D in Sociology and Political Science. In 1998 he won the Tel Aviv University's Jaffee Center for Strategic Studies's "Tshetshik Prize for Israel's Security" for his research on ""The Organizational Climate of the IDF's Field Units.""
Samia was president and CEO of the BARAN Group, is currently (2008) president of "Yam Deshers" LTD, president and CEO of Israel Corp (Biofuels), S. B. Security, Katz Logistics, Orgad Holding, E.D.S. Isarel, Girit Celadon Israel (Gates and Checkpoints systems).
He writes for various magazines on issues of national security, such as this 2007 article from the Jerusalem Center for Public Affairs entitled "Weapons Smuggling from Egypt to Gaza:
What Can Egypt and Israel Do?" 

</doc>
<doc id="18451473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451473" title="Anse-à-Veau">
Anse-à-Veau

Anse-à-Veau (Creole: "Ansavo") is a municipality in the Anse-à-Veau Arrondissement, in the Nippes Department of Haiti. The postal code is HT 7510.
It has 55,138 inhabitants.
In the aftermath of the 2010 Haiti earthquake, Anse-a-Veau was swollen by refugees from the afflicted areas. Aid to the community after the quake have been airdropped. As of 12 March 2010, 6 weeks after the quake, RFA Largs Bay arrived off the coast and made a large aid drop.

</doc>
<doc id="18451474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451474" title="Musa II">
Musa II

Musa II may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18451477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451477" title="A Connecticut Yankee">
A Connecticut Yankee

Connecticut Yankee or A Connecticut Yankee may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18451485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451485" title="Arnaud, Nippes">
Arnaud, Nippes

Arnaud (Creole: "Ano") is a municipality in the Anse-à-Veau Arrondissement, in the Nippes Department of Haiti.

</doc>
<doc id="18451486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451486" title="Kooskia National Fish Hatchery">
Kooskia National Fish Hatchery

Kooskia National Fish Hatchery is a "mitigation" hatchery located on the Clearwater River within the Nez Perce Indian Reservation near Kooskia, in north-central Idaho. Construction began in 1966 by the Army Corps of Engineers. With funding provided by the United States per a water rights settlement the hatchery is managed and operated by the Nez Perce Tribe. The production goal is to raise and release up to 600,000 juvenile spring Chinook salmon annually.
The fish hatchery was the site of Looking Glass's village which was attacked on July 1, 1877 by U.S. army soldiers. Looking Glass subsequently joined Chief Joseph to become a leader in the Nez Perce War. A plaque describing the event and a nature trail on the site have been established by the Nez Perce. 

</doc>
<doc id="18451493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451493" title="Alexander Valentinovich Yegorov">
Alexander Valentinovich Yegorov

Aleksandr Valentinovich Egorov () (born 1951) is a career diplomat and .
Egorov graduated from the Moscow State Institute of International Relations in 1974, and went on to work in various diplomatic posts in the central offices of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and abroad.
On 15 February 2007, Egorov was appointed as Ambassador of Russia to Algeria.
Egorov speaks Russian, French and Arabic.

</doc>
<doc id="18451514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451514" title="Fonds-des-Nègres">
Fonds-des-Nègres

Fonds-des-Nègres (Creole: "Fondènèg") is a municipality in the Miragoâne Arrondissement, in the Nippes Department of Haiti.

</doc>
<doc id="18451517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451517" title="100th meridian east">
100th meridian east

The meridian 100° east of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, Asia, the Indian Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 100th meridian east forms a great circle with the 80th meridian west.
From Pole to Pole.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 100th meridian east passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="18451525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451525" title="Grand-Boucan">
Grand-Boucan

Grand-Boucan (Creole: "Gran Boukan") is a municipality in the Baradères Arrondissement, in the Nippes Department of Haiti.

</doc>
<doc id="18451526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451526" title="United Theological Seminary of the Twin Cities">
United Theological Seminary of the Twin Cities

United Theological Seminary of the Twin Cities is an ecumenical graduate school of the United Church of Christ located in New Brighton, Minnesota. The school was formed in 1960 with the merger of Mission House Seminary of Plymouth, Wisconsin, and Yankton School of Theology in Yankton, South Dakota. 
Like the UCC itself, UTS reflects the merging of two denominational backgrounds: Mission House was related to the Evangelical and Reformed Church, while Yankton was one of the numerous schools affiliated with the Congregational Christian Churches. The UCC was formed from the merger of those two bodies, which took place between 1957 and 1961, and UTS was the premier institutional expression of that landmark in ecumenical relations among American Protestants. Despite being formally affiliated with the UCC, the UTS charter states that the school is ecumenical, independent, and multi-denominational. Nonetheless, this is in keeping with the generally liberal, tolerant stands of the UCC tradition. 
UTS offers degrees in Master of Divinity, Master of Arts, Master of Arts in Religious Leadership, and Doctor of Ministry. The school emphasizes racial justice with the Certificate in Leadership toward Racial Justice and focuses on the importance of theology and the arts with its M.A. in Religion and the Arts. UTS also hosts the annual Summer Institute in Spirituality and the Arts and publishes "Arts" Journal which is devoted to the study of the arts and theology.
Bigelow Chapel.
In 2004, UTS consecrated the Bigelow Chapel as an addition to the campus. The chapel, designed by Joan Soranno and John Cook of Hammel, Green and Abrahamson, Inc., exhibits floating planes of glass, pre-cast stone walls, and a series of translucent curving wood panels. Two towers on the outside house the chimes.
Bigelow Chapel is the winner of numerous awards for its innovative architecture including the 2006 Institute Honor Awards for Architecture and the 2004 Honor Award from the American Institute of Architects Minnesota.

</doc>
<doc id="18451535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451535" title="Blefjell">
Blefjell

Blefjell is a mountain area at the border between Buskerud and Telemark in Norway, and encompasses parts of the five municipalities Rollag, Flesberg, Kongsberg, Notodden and Tinn. The highest point is Bletoppen at 1342 meters above sea level. 
The area is a popular tourist destination, being approximately 1 hour drive from Kongsberg. 

</doc>
<doc id="18451539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451539" title="Eugene Mercer">
Eugene Mercer

Eugene LeRoy Mercer (October 30, 1888 – July 2, 1957) was an American track and field athlete who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Kennett Square, Pennsylvania.
In 1912 he finished fifth in the long jump event and sixth in the decathlon competition.
At the same Olympics he competed in the baseball event which was held as demonstration sport.

</doc>
<doc id="18451545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451545" title="L'Asile">
L'Asile

L'Asile (Creole: "Lazil") is a municipality in the Anse-à-Veau Arrondissement, in the Nippes Department of Haiti.
It has 30,240 inhabitants.
The name comes from French meaning "the asylum" probably it was used for an asylum during colonial era.

</doc>
<doc id="18451549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451549" title="Alon HaGalil">
Alon HaGalil

Alon HaGalil (, "lit." Oak of the Galilee) is a communal settlement in northern Israel. Located in the Lower Galilee, it falls under the jurisdiction of Jezreel Valley Regional Council. In 2011, it had a population of 944.
The village was founded as a moshav in 1980. It converted to a communal settlement in 1986, but remains a member of the Moshavim Movement. 

</doc>
<doc id="18451555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451555" title="Paillant">
Paillant

Paillant (Creole: "Payan") is a municipality in the Miragoâne Arrondissement, in the Nippes Department of Haiti.

</doc>
<doc id="18451570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451570" title="Colcom Foundation">
Colcom Foundation

Colcom Foundation is a charitable organization established in 1996 by Cordelia Scaife May, a Mellon family heiress. 
The foundation's website indicates principal funding interests reflect a concern for quality of life and environmental sustainability due to rapid population growth. 
Grants have supported projects such as the planters throughout Downtown Pittsburgh, conservation of Sycamore Island in the Allegheny River, matching funds to activate Pittsburgh’s downtown streets in the Paris to Pittsburgh Project, water quality studies in the Monongahela River, revolving loan fund enabling land trusts to rapidly consummate vital land conservancy projects, Marcellus Environmental Fund to assess and address risks of shale drilling, Mt. Washington land conservation, Tribute to Children monument honoring Mister Rogers, Kids Zone at the Three Rivers Regatta, support for the G-20 in Pittsburgh, curatorial salaries for the Carnegie Museum of Natural History, and matching funds to renovate the fountain at historic Point State Park.
Colcom Foundation has been a large donor to the anti-immigration cause, providing more than $76 million.

</doc>
<doc id="18451571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451571" title="Petit-Trou-de-Nippes">
Petit-Trou-de-Nippes

Petit-Trou-de-Nippes (Creole: "Ti Twou de Nip") is a municipality in the Anse-à-Veau Arrondissement, in the Nippes Department of Haiti.
It has 36,143 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="18451572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451572" title="The Wieners Circle">
The Wieners Circle

The Wieners Circle is a hot dog stand in the Lincoln Park neighborhood of Chicago, Illinois. It is famous for four things: its signature Maxwell Street Char-dogs, hamburgers and cheese fries, and the mutual verbal abuse between the employees and the customers during the late-weekend hours.
Food.
The establishment is known for its char-grilled food, especially its hot dogs and hamburgers (commonly called char-dogs and char-burgers). A Wiener Circle char dog with "the works" is a grilled Vienna Beef hot dog on a warm poppy seed bun, topped with mustard, onions, relish, dill pickle spears, tomato slices, sport peppers and a dash of celery salt.
History.
Sometime in the early 1990s (circa 1992) Larry Gold, one of the proprietors, called a drunk and distracted customer an "asshole" in order to get his attention. This set-off the late-night abuse culture of the restaurant. The atmosphere can range from playful to hostile. The language used by both the staff and customers during these hours is notoriously foul and aggressive, and sometimes racist. As the wait-staff is largely black and the clientele middle-class to wealthy white, the more racist epithets have led to the rare physical altercation. Customers commonly request a "chocolate shake," which is code for asking one of the female employees to shake her breasts. Reports have indicated that female employees lift their shirts to shake their naked breasts, in exchange for tips over $20.00.
On the weekends, the establishment stays open as late as 5:00 am, drawing many drunken customers who have arrived from bars and clubs.
The nightly tips are very high, and people have worked there for ten years or more. One of the more famous employees is Roberta "Poochie" Jackson, who was featured (along with the restaurant) in a 2007 episode of the Showtime television version of the Chicago Public Radio program "This American Life", as well as an episode of "Extreme Fast Food" on the Travel Channel. In Chicago travel guides, the Wieners Circle is often extolled as a source for authentic Chicago-style hot dogs and its uniquely abrasive customer relations. Journalist Catherine Price listed The Wieners Circle in her book "101 Places Not to See Before You Die", calling it "a microcosm of segregation in Chicago", and commenting, "If our metric were 'places that make me sad about humanity,' late night at Wiener's Circle would have been at the top."
The location of the hot dog stand is just north of what used to be the Wrightwood Hotel. In 2008, the restaurant was briefly closed by health inspectors for not having hot running water where employees would wash their hands, and other food safety violations.
In media.
The restaurant was featured in an episode of "Insomniac with Dave Attell" on Comedy Central in 2002.
The restaurant is the setting for a truTV reality game show.
The Wieners Circle was featured in both radio and TV episodes of "This American Life".
The restaurant was the setting of a sketch featuring Jack McBrayer and Triumph, the Insult Comic Dog in the June 14, 2012 episode of the late night talk show "Conan", which was the last in a week of shows taped in Chicago.
The restaurant was featured in an episode of "Extreme Restaurant specials on the Travel Channel" .

</doc>
<doc id="18451580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451580" title="Edward Farrell (athlete)">
Edward Farrell (athlete)

Edward "Eddie" Leo Farrell (June 14, 1886 – July 18, 1958) was an American track and field athlete who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Boston, Massachusetts and died in Watertown, Massachusetts.
In 1912 he finished 13th in the triple jump event and 14th in the long jump competition.

</doc>
<doc id="18451599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451599" title="Petite-Rivière-de-Nippes">
Petite-Rivière-de-Nippes

Petite-Rivière-de-Nippes (Creole: "Ti Rivyè de Nip") is a municipality in the Miragoâne Arrondissement, in the Nippes Department of Haiti.
It has 29,815 inhabitants. Petite-Rivière-de-Nippes is one of the 28 communes in which the Pan American Development Foundation implements the Government of Haiti's Project for Participatory Development (PRODEP).

</doc>
<doc id="18451603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451603" title="Eddie Love and the Lovers">
Eddie Love and the Lovers

Eddie Love and the Lovers were an early attempt at what became known as a garage band. They were low-level rock and roll band based on the same music as The Crickets, The Fireballs and Teen Kings that managed, between 1957 and 1964, to issue a number of locally or regionally successful records. Their greatest fame was gained by the bands and solo performers of the pre-Beatles Rock era. They were mentioned several times in the "Rock and Roll Encyclopedia" by Lillian Roxon, although they did not rate a separate article therein. The group had some success in the field of backing-up other artists in the studio, and, two of the original members, Eddie Love (Omaha, NE) and Stu Shermeroff (Kansas City, MO) wrote hundreds of songs that were recorded by, among others, Grady Lewis and John Tranor.
Eddie Love (née Edward N. Love, Jr.) was, at the same time, circa 1957 -1959, a member of "The Strummers" and later formed a band while serving in Alaska in the USAF during the 1960s. That band, "Apokpolypz," released three records, of which none were very successful, but achieved some success through Armed Forces Radio Service airplay. In 1966, the band signed a major label record deal (with Monument), just before a falling out among the members caused the band to break up.

</doc>
<doc id="18451618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451618" title="Frank Wieneke">
Frank Wieneke

Frank Wieneke (born January 31, 1962 in Hannover) is a German judoka and olympic champion. He won a gold medal in the "half middleweight division" at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles.

</doc>
<doc id="18451619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451619" title="Plaisance-du-Sud">
Plaisance-du-Sud

Plaisance-du-Sud (Creole: "Plezans disid") is a municipality in the Anse-à-Veau Arrondissement, in the Nippes Department of Haiti.

</doc>
<doc id="18451641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451641" title="Acul-du-Nord">
Acul-du-Nord

Acul-du-Nord (Creole: "Akil dinò") is a municipality in the Acul-du-Nord Arrondissement, in the Nord Department of Haiti.
It has 51,337 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="18451642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451642" title="August Riedinger">
August Riedinger

August Riedinger (9 October 1845 – 15 January 1919) was a German businessman who operated gas companies in Germany and Europe and also participated in balloon manufacturing.
Life.
Riedinger was born in 1845 as the son of the industrialist Ludwig August Riedinger in Augsburg. After six years of studies at the Zurich Polytechnic he entered his father's machinery and bronzeworks business in 1877.
His father died in 1879 when the business had 25 gasworks in Bavaria, and another 42 in the rest of Europe and a number of gas plants for factories and public buildings. In 1883 Riedinger took over the business and in 1887 when the company converted to the Joint stock company , he became a member of its supervisory board. By then he had already founded the (AG United Gasworks) in Augsburg which by 1896 had grown to 17 gas work companies, for example in Bolzano, Lugano and Marburg.
He also worked in the executive committee of the German gas industry association (). In 1889 he took part in the construction and operation of the . (a local railway).
From 1888 Riedinger began working with August von Parseval and Rudolf Hans Bartsch von Sigsfeld on the development of dirigible airships. Due to the high development costs he auctioned off his museum collection in 1894. In 1897 he founded the 
, which until the end of World War I produced about 4,000 unmanned military kite balloons (hydrogen filled balloons shaped to act as a kite).
In 1906 at the the first of the Parseval airships was built, the . Later in 1936 from the same "Ballonfabrik"'s launchsite Auguste Piccard made the first ascent into the Stratosphere.
In 1910 Riedinger founded a company to manufacture Blau gas, a fuel gas produced from Petroleum, named after its inventor Hermann Blau. Blau gas was burned for lighting and heating; and later also used as fuel for the LZ 127 Graf Zeppelin.
In 1908 Riedinger was appointed as the and in 1912 became a committee member of the Association of the Deutsches Museum. He was also known for encouraging technical progress and as a patron of the arts.
August Riedinger was married twice. His first wife Anna (1848–1882) was Max von Pettenkofer's daughter. After Anna's early death he married Bertha Brandenberger in 1883, the daughter of the technical director of the Augsburg Baumwollspinnerei am Stadtbach (a cotton spinning mill). With each wife he had one son and one daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="18451649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451649" title="Ulea">
Ulea

Ulea is a Spanish municipality in the autonomous community of Murcia. It has a population of 991 (2007) and an area of 40 km² .
External links.
"This article contains information from the Spanish Wikipedia article Ulea, accessed on July 15, 2008."

</doc>
<doc id="18451654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451654" title="HaYogev">
HaYogev

HaYogev (, "lit." The Farmer) is a moshav in northern Israel. Located around seven kilometres west of Afula, it falls under the jurisdiction of Jezreel Valley Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 534.
The moshav was founded in 1949 by a youth group from Austria, Germany, Romania and Israel who were members of the abandoned kibbutz of Beit Eshel. 

</doc>
<doc id="18451657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451657" title="Thomas Prince">
Thomas Prince

Thomas Prince (May 15, 1687 – August 22, 1758) was an American clergyman, scholar and historian noted for his historical text "A Chronological History of New England, in the Form of Annals". Called 'an American pioneer in scientific historical writing', Prince influenced historians such as Jeremy Belknap and Thomas Hutchinson, and his "Annals" was still being used as a reference text as late as 1791.
Early life, education and travels.
He was the fourth child of Samuel Prince Esq. and Mercy Hinkley, and entered Harvard University in 1703, graduating in 1707 with a B.A. While at Harvard his interest in books was sparked after he "chanced in my leisure Hours to read Mr. Chamberlain's Account of the Cottonian Library: Which excited in me a Zeal of laying hold on every Book, Pamphlet, and Paper, both in Print and Manuscript which are either written by persons who lived here, or that have any Tendency to enlighten our History" and began the formation of his "New England Library". After graduation he began teaching at Sandwich while working on his M.A, which was granted "in absentia" in 1710 a year after he had begun travelling. He spent 2 years travelling to places such as the West Indies and Madeira before travelling to England in 1711 and preaching in Coombes. While in England he gathered texts on the subject of early American history, hoping to write a book on the topic, but looking after the church and local citizens did not leave him enough time to do so. He returned to Boston in 1717, homesick, and traveled with Deborah and her brother Samuel Denny, members of the congregation at Coombes. He married Deborah on October 30, 1719; they had four daughters and a son. He was ordained as a minister on October 1, 1718 by Dr. Joseph Sewell, and became the pastor for Old South Church, a position he retained until his death.
"A Chronological History of New England, in the Form of Annals".
In 1728 Prince began work on a "A Chronological History of New England, in the Form of Annals", a history of New England beginning with the 6th day of creation. He became interested in such a project after, during his travels, he found 'the want of a regular history of this country everywhere complained of' and in an effort to preserve the contents of various texts, some of which by then had already been destroyed. This was such a momentous project that it took him until 1736 to finish the first volume, which covered events up to September 7, 1630 and had to be cut short after the publisher informed him that the book was becoming too large to be effectively published. The volume had poor sales, which is attributed to the lack of need for a text of such detail at that time and the lack of interest in a text 'written for a higher purpose than to amuse its reader'. Despite the lack of interest in the text Prince continued to work as a second volume, releasing it in three parts going up to 1633, each costing sixpence. Due to lack of further interest in the text this format was discontinued. Prince's work is noted for its accuracy, with Prince saying that “I cite my vouchers to every passage, and I have done my utmost, first to find out the truth, and then to relate it in the clearest order. I have laboured after accuracy; and yet I dare not say that I am without mistake; nor do I desire the reader to conceal any he may possibly find.”
As a clergyman.
Prince, a noted preacher presented a sermon at his own ordination which was said to be "a wonderful production." He was given several offers from various churches in New England upon his return, but chose to settle in Boston as pastor of Old South Church. In the 1740s he was a great supporter of the First Great Awakening, inviting George Whitefield to preach in Boston in September 1740. In an age of increasing religious skepticism, Prince attempted to reconcile scientific theories with orthodox theology, evident in writings such as "Earthquakes the Works of God, & Tokens of His Just Displeasure" and "An Account of a Strange Appearance in the Heavens", a description of the Aurora Borealis he witnessed while in England.
He created the "Christian History", a periodical in 1743 to report on the revivals sweeping Europe and the United States, with his son Thomas Prince Jr. acting as editor, although the periodical only ran for two years. The publication is notable as the first such Christian periodical to be created. In 1743 he wrote "An Account of the Revival of Religion in Boston in the Years 1740-1-2-3", an account of the revival of Christianity in Boston linked in part to his support of the Great Awakening.
Legacy.
As well as the obvious collection of books, Thomas Prince also left an intellectual legacy. Dr. Charles Chaucy, a frequent ideological opponent of Prince, said after his death that "He possessed all the intellectual powers in a degree far beyond what is common. He may be justly characterized as one of our great men ... deserves to be remembered with honour." His reliance on primary sources and meticulous checks of factual accuracy also makes his "Annals" a key historical work, one which is still in print today.
The town of Princeton, Massachusetts was named after Prince due to his high standing within the local community and his ownership of part of the land used to form the town, which was given to him in 1727 as part of the will of Cyprian Stevens; the Thomas Prince School, a school within the town, is also named after him. A printing company named after him (the Prince Association) was also formed in 1858.
The Thomas Prince Collection, belonging to Old South Church and deposited at the Boston Public Library includes, in addition to Thomas Prince's personal library, a copy of the 1640 Bay Psalm Book as well as John Eliot’s Indian Bible of 1663), and a collection of Prince's personal correspondence.
The Prince Society (est.1858), described in "The Cambridge History of English and American Literature" as "one of the most honoured of American historical organizations" is also named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="18451668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451668" title="Bukit Panjang MRT/LRT Station">
Bukit Panjang MRT/LRT Station

Bukit Panjang MRT/LRT Station (DT1/BP6) is an interchange station serving Bukit Panjang New Town. It is the western terminus for the Downtown Line, with the line continuing northwards as a service route to Gali Batu Depot. The station will be integrated with the future redeveloped Bukit Panjang Bus Interchange in 2016.
It is connected to Ten Mile Junction and will be connected via a bridge at the LRT station's mezzanine level to the MRT station of the upcoming Downtown Line. A short distance away from the interchange station is Bukit Panjang Plaza.
History.
10,000 regular peak-hour commuters were stranded on the morning of 30 August 2001 because the LRT service was still being repaired after a power failure on the evening of 29 August 2001. An LRT train had hit a switch beam at the Bukit Panjang station at about 5.40 pm on 29 August, resulting in the power failure. It was some 16 hours later before the service resumed at 10.15 am later that day.
On 15 July 2008, when the precise station locations were revealed, the working name of the station was revealed as Petir MRT Station, named after Petir Road, but led to concerns that there would be confusion with Petir, which the station was not near to, despite similar names used. After a series of public polling by the Land Transport Authority, on 16 June 2009, the finalized station name was revealed to be Bukit Panjang MRT Station.
The location of the station and the lack of a connection to the LRT system caused local Members of Parliament to request a review, but was rejected by the LTA saying that it would be a "technical constraint" to force the line to curve sharply within a short distance to allow for a normal interchange station to be built. It may be thought that this is due to the different operators each operating the Bukit Panjang LRT and Downtown Line, thus the name 'Bukit Panjang' was to be supposedly used twice in the MRT system map instead of being an interchange. However, it added that a covered linkway would be built between Bukit Panjang MRT station and Bukit Panjang LRT station, and hinted that there may be new developments on the reserve site between the two stations. Since then, the station has been marked as an interchange station, with the Bukit Panjang LRT Line, on the MRT System map.
Woodlands Road sinkhole incident.
Excavation works for the Downtown Line 2 caused a massive sinkhole on Woodlands Road on 16 March 2013. The construction destabilised the soil, which ruptured an underground water pipe. The rupture which was as wide as one of the road's lanes, appeared near West View Primary School, next to where construction work for Downtown Line 2 is being carried out.
LRT crossovers.
After stopping at Bukit Panjang, services towards Senja or Petir will split up. Services A and C utilise the lower track towards Senja; Service B utilises the higher track towards Petir.

</doc>
<doc id="18451670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451670" title="Bas-Limbé">
Bas-Limbé

Bas-Limbé (Creole: "Ba Lenbe") is a municipality in the Limbé Arrondissement, in the Nord Department of Haiti.
It has 15,695 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="18451674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451674" title="Perryville Confederate order of battle">
Perryville Confederate order of battle

The following Confederate Army units and commanders fought in the Battle of Perryville of the American Civil War. The Union order of battle is listed separately.
Army of the Mississippi.
16,000 men, 56 guns (k-532, w-2652, m-236 = 3,420)
Gen Braxton Bragg, Commanding
Escort:
k-1, w-0, m-0 = 1
Right Wing.
7,000 men, 16 guns (k-306, w-1153, m-87 = 1,546)
MG Leonidas Polk
Escort:
Left Wing.
9,000 men, 40 guns (k-225, w-1499, m-149 = 1,873)
MG William Joseph Hardee
Escort:

</doc>
<doc id="18451687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451687" title="Ernie Hawkins">
Ernie Hawkins

Ernie Hawkins (born Ernest Leroy Hawkins, 1947, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania) is an American acoustic blues guitar player, singer, recording artist, and educator, who has a Ph.D. in phenomenological psychology.
Hawkins, like Stefan Grossman and Roy Book Binder, studied with blues legend Reverend Gary Davis in New York City in 1965 and 1966. Over the years, Hawkins learned a variety of styles, including Piedmont blues, Delta blues, country blues, ragtime, and gospel. In 1969, Hawkins moved back to his hometown of Pittsburgh, and enrolled at the University of Pittsburgh, achieving a degree in philosophy. In 1973, Hawkins moved to Dallas for graduate school and earned a Ph.D. in phenomenological psychology at the University of Dallas, however, he remained active in music, and was able to perform with Mance Lipscomb, Robert Pete Williams, Fred McDowell, and Robert "Nyles" Jones. In 1978, Hawkins decided to put aside his psychology career and become a full-time musician. In the mid 1980s, Hawkins returned to Pittsburgh, and for the next ten years played lead guitar with the local R&B act Gary Belloma and the Blues Bombers. Over the years, Hawkins has played with blues musicians such as Son House, Mance Lipscomb, Fred McDowell, Jim Brewer, Reverend Gary Davis and others, and has been featured in "Sing Out!", "Fingerstyle Guitar", "Dirty Linen", "Acoustic Guitar", "Blues Revue" and "Vintage Guitar" magazines. He has appeared on "A Prairie Home Companion", "Mountain Stage", "WoodSongs Old-Time Radio Hour" and XM Satellite Radio.
Hawkins appeared on Maria Muldaur's Grammy and Blues Music Award nominated album "Richland Woman Blues" (2001), and was the guitarist for the national support tour. He lives in Pittsburgh, and continues to perform, record, teach, and advocate blues music.
Awards.
Independent Music Awards 2012: "Shuffle Rag" - Best Cover Song

</doc>
<doc id="18451694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451694" title="Matthias Liebers">
Matthias Liebers

Matthias Liebers (born 22 November 1958 in Leipzig) is a former German professional footballer.
He began his youth career with Lokomotive Leipzig in 1965, and was promoted to the senior squad in 1968, where he played in the DDR-Oberliga at the top level of the East German football league. He played 321 games for the club, scoring 37 goals.
After the German reunification, 1. FC Lokomotive was renamed to VfB Leipzig. The midfielder played 25 Bundesliga games with VfB in 1993–94, and 74 2nd Bundesliga games between 1991 and 1996.
Between 1980 and 1988 he played 59 times for East Germany, making him the 12th most-capped player. He competed for East Germany at the 1980 Summer Olympics.
He spent the final years of his career with FC Grün-Weiß Wolfen (1996–97), FV Zeulenroda (1997–98) and finally with SV Blau-Weiß 90 Neustadt
In the 2004–05 season, he played two games for the reformed Lokomotive Leipzig in the third District League, scoring one goal.

</doc>
<doc id="18451698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451698" title="Dondon">
Dondon

Dondon (Creole: "Dondon") is a municipality in the Saint-Raphaël Arrondissement, in the Nord Department of Haiti.
It has 25,846 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="18451701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451701" title="World Christian Broadcasting">
World Christian Broadcasting

World Christian Broadcasting is a non-profit Christian organization that operates international shortwave radio station KNLS. The station’s transmitters are in Anchor Point, Alaska, and all of its programs are produced at the company headquarters and broadcast operations center in Franklin, Tennessee, a suburb of Nashville.
History.
Although World Christian Broadcasting was formed in 1976, the idea came about 30 years earlier when Army Signal Corps officer Maurice Hall prepared shortwave transmitters for the Yalta Conference for use by President Franklin D. Roosevelt and his staff so they could keep up with news from Washington. Hall began to realize that if shortwave radio could transmit political news across long distances, it could also broadcast Gospel messages to large parts of the world.
Dr. Lowell G. Perry, a communications professor at Abilene Christian University, served as the first president of World Christian Broadcasting. In 1977, Perry died in a plane crash as he and others sought a location for the station’s transmitter. Two years later, a site in Alaska was selected and construction began.
KNLS signed on the air July 23, 1983, broadcasting ten hours a day in Mandarin Chinese and Russian and reaching roughly one-third of the world. English broadcasts were added later. As the Soviet Union’s empire fell apart, listeners from those countries began writing and requesting Bibles and other religious materials. In 2005, the station signed on a second 100 KW antenna in Alaska.
In 1991, World Christian Broadcasting presented a program called “The Reflection Hour” from Moscow over Russia’s All-Union Radio network. The program reached all 15 republics of the former Soviet Union.
Programming.
World Christian Broadcasting’s approach to programming is different from many religious broadcasters. There is no preaching or regular minister on the programs. Most of the hour is filled with popular music, news commentary, health and family tips, travelogues, and other family-friendly programming. Interspersed throughout the hour are teaching segments with Gospel messages or Biblical topics. Most of the air staff are journalists or broadcasters by training. Programs are culturally sensitive and geared toward a secular audience, although Christian listeners may also enjoy the content. Some segments focus on hymns but most of the music is secular and is checked for lyrical content so that it is wholesome and positive. Every hour also includes an announcement encouraging listeners to write for their very own copy of the Bible.
KNLS never asks listeners to send money to support the station. World Christian Broadcasting is funded by interested individuals, churches and other groups. Also, the Bibles and other materials that listeners can request are sent free of charge.
KNLS is currently on the air a total of 20 hours each day: ten hours in Mandarin; six in Russian and four in English. All programming is produced at the station’s Operations Center in a suburb of Nashville, Tennessee. Programs are presented in a magazine-style format and provide Bible and religious teaching segments and reports about life in America as well as music. The station receives messages each month via email and postal mail from all over the world.
Future plans.
World Christian Broadcasting’s second station is being built on an island in the Indian Ocean with a targeted start-up date of early 2010. The new station will offer programs in Arabic in addition to the current schedule of English, Mandarin and Russian. Information in various African languages will be available on the station website, with English-language broadcasts targeted toward African and Indian audiences. Other plans include the addition of Spanish and Portuguese broadcasts.
Leadership.
Following Dr. Perry’s death in 1976, Dr. B.E. Davis became president of World Christian Broadcasting. He was succeeded in 1980 by Dr. Robert E. Scott, who led the company for 13 years. In 1993, Charles H. Caudill was appointed as World Christian Broadcasting’s fourth president and chief executive officer. Andy Baker is Vice President of Development and Dr. Gayle Crowe is Vice President of Programming. Ben C. Powell serves as Chief Financial Officer.
World Christian Broadcasting is overseen by a board of directors who serve on a volunteer basis.

</doc>
<doc id="18451708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451708" title="Diocese of Athabasca">
Diocese of Athabasca

The Anglican Diocese of Athabasca is a diocese of the Ecclesiastical Province of Rupert's Land of the Anglican Church of Canada, in the northern half of the civil province of Alberta. It was created in 1874 by the division of the original Diocese of Rupert's Land. The Synod of the Diocese of Athabasca was organized in 1876. The see city is Peace River. The Diocese has had at least two other See Cities: Fort Simpson and Fort Vermilion. The Bishop resided for a considerable period at Athabasca Landing, but it is not certain if it was ever his "seat". Other cities in the diocese are Grande Prairie and Fort McMurray.
The diocesan bishop is the Rt. Rev. Fraser Lawton, formerly rector of St Thomas’ Anglican church in Fort McMurray, Alberta, who was elected 11th Bishop of Athabasca by the Diocesan Synod on 19 September 2009 and consecrated and installed on November 22 2009 in St James’ Cathedral, Peace River.

</doc>
<doc id="18451710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451710" title="Grande-Rivière-du-Nord">
Grande-Rivière-du-Nord

Grande-Rivière-du-Nord (Creole: "Grann Rivyè dinò") is a municipality in the Grande-Rivière-du-Nord Arrondissement, in the Nord Department of Haiti. Jean-Jacques Dessalines was born there in 1758 on the Cormiers plantation.

</doc>
<doc id="18451711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451711" title="USS Wenonah">
USS Wenonah

USS "Wenonah" is a name used more than once by the U.S. Navy:

</doc>
<doc id="18451715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451715" title="Jürg Röthlisberger">
Jürg Röthlisberger

Jürg Röthlisberger (born February 2, 1955) is a Swiss judoka and olympic champion. He won a gold medal in the "middleweight division" at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow.

</doc>
<doc id="18451724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451724" title="Pinky Tomlin">
Pinky Tomlin

Truman "Pinky" Tomlin (September 9, 1907 – December 12, 1987) was a singer, songwriter, and bandleader of the 1930s and 1940s. He also acted in occasional motion pictures. He wrote and published 22 songs, several of which were in the top ten on the "Hit Parade." In 1938, a song he had written, titled "In Ole Oklahoma," was named as Oklahoma’s state song by the Oklahoma State Junior Chamber of Commerce.
Born in Eros, Arkansas, Tomlin grew up in Durant, Oklahoma. He was nicknamed Pinky because his red hair and fair complexion sunburned easily. A boyhood fascination with music soon gave him a widespread reputation as a banjoist and, at age 16 he was hired to play on a riverboat in St. Louis, with the Louis Armstrong band. During that time, Pinky learned to play the guitar, which later became an important part of his live shows, both at the Roxy Theatre in New York and at the Biltmore Bowl in Hollywood.
He can be heard as a contestant on the February 24, 1958 edition of "You Bet Your Life", performing "The Object of My Affection" before the quiz.
"The Object of My Affection".
He came to national attention while attending the University of Oklahoma. He submitted his original composition, co written in 1934 by Coy Poe to Jimmy Grier. "The Object of My Affection" became a No. 1 hit late that year for Jimmie Grier's Coconut Grove Orchestra, featuring Pinky Tomlin's vocal (Brunswick 7308)., and Jimmie Grier, asked Tomlin himself to introduce it to the public. Tomlin had written the song for O.U. coed Joanne Alcorn of Ponca City, Oklahoma, whom he would later marry.
"Object" became a huge hit. It was recorded widely by orchestras and vocalists, but Tomlin's own vocal rendition became the best known. Ella Fitzgerald chose to sing it at her first "tryout" at the Apollo Theatre in Harlem. Pinky and Ella became lifelong friends.
Tomlin followed the song with a string of successful songs, including "What's the Reason (I'm Not Pleasin' You?)" and "The Love Bug Will Bite You." Hollywood beckoned, and Tomlin was featured in several films for various studios. In 1935 Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer offered to groom the young singer and build him up as an actor, but Tomlin preferred to concentrate on his musical career. Tomlin did star in four musical features for Melody Pictures in 1937-38; he also wrote the scores. These films were ambitious, despite their low budgets, and one of them even premiered at the prestigious Grauman's Chinese Theatre.
A guest appearance on Eddie Cantor's "Texaco Town" radio show led to a regular spot on the program, which Cantor rescinded when his sponsor's publicity man tried to recruit Tomlin as Cantor's replacement. Tomlin met this professional setback by organizing his own swing band in 1938. For more than two years "Pinky Tomlin and His Orchestra" played in theaters, nightclubs, and school proms across most of America, on a whirlwind schedule prepared by the agency. The band was successful, but the constant travel became difficult for Tomlin, as he was devoted to his family. After the tour, apart from a wartime stint with the USO, he confined his appearances to occasional motion pictures and television shows.
He returned to his interest in geology and founded a company in Beverly Hills called "Pinky Tomlin Oil Properties," where he enjoyed working until he retired in 1984. During this time, he had a television show in Los Angeles called "Music Is My Beat." He also continued to perform for many charity events in Los Angeles, being especially active in the Beverly Hills Rotary Club. He died in North Hollywood, California on December 12, 1987.
In 1973, "The Object of My Affection" was used in the soundtrack of the hit movie "Paper Moon" and was featured in its accompanying soundtrack album (Paramount PAS 1012 )
Pinky Tomlin’s autobiography, appropriately titled "The Object of My Affection," was published in 1981. Joanne and Pinky Tomlin remained happily married until their respective deaths in 1986 and 1987. They had two children: Sylvia Tomlin Burns of Edmond, Oklahoma, and Truman Virgil Tomlin, Jr., (Tom), of Valley Village, California.

</doc>
<doc id="18451727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451727" title="La Victoire, Nord">
La Victoire, Nord

La Victoire (Creole: "Laviktwa") is a municipality in the Saint-Raphaël Arrondissement, in the Nord Department of Haiti.
It has 6,421 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="18451733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451733" title="147th meridian east">
147th meridian east

The meridian 147° east of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, Asia, the Pacific Ocean, Australasia, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 147th meridian east forms a great circle with the 33rd meridian west.
From Pole to Pole.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 147th meridian east passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="18451737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451737" title="Aaron Doornekamp">
Aaron Doornekamp

Aaron Doornekamp (born December 5, 1985) is a Canadian professional basketball player from Odessa, Ontario. Currently playing for the German team New Yorker Phantoms Braunschweig as of August 2013, he was one of the greatest players in the history of the Carleton University Ravens men's basketball team.
Doornekamp is also a member of the Canadian national men's basketball team. He played in the 2007 Pan-American Games, the 2008 Olympic Qualifying Tournament, and the 2010 World Basketball Championships. He was named CIS Men's Basketball Player of the year in 2008. He was a member of the Carleton Ravens national championship teams in 2005, 2006 and 2007, and won the MVP award at the 2007 final eight tournament. After finishing his college career he signed his first pro contract in Italy for Pepsi Caserta.
While sidelined with injury in 2012/13, Doornekamp was the assistant coach of the McMaster Marauders Men's Basketball Team
Doornekamp was married on the 13th of July 2013 in Burlington, Ontario.

</doc>
<doc id="18451740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451740" title="Limbé, Nord">
Limbé, Nord

Limbé (Creole: "Lenbe") is a municipality in the Limbé Arrondissement, in the Nord Department of Haiti.
With a population of 32200 inhabitants (2003 census) it is the second city in importance in this department after Cap-Haïtien. The arrondissement du Limbé (borough of Limbé) includes two communes: Limbé and Bas-Limbé (Low-Limbé). The commune du Limbé includes seven rural sections: Tanmas (1st), Haut-Limbé, Souffrieres, Ravine-des-Roches, 4th or Simalo, Camp-Coq and 8th section (near the town of Plaisance). The arrondissement du Limbé has about between 69,256 to 80,000 inhabitants (United Nations OCHA (Haiti) report on the population of Haiti of 2003 published in October 2004). Limbé is located 220 km north of the capital Port-au-Prince.
Overview.
The nearest neighbouring towns or cities are Bas-Limbé (9 km north), Port-Margot (8 km northwest), Plaisance (35 km south), Cap-Haïtien (26 km northeast) and L'Acul-du-Nord (12 km east). 
The Limbé River (riviere du Limbé) that flows toward the city on its way North to the sea gave its strength to the city with a diverse agricultural base. Production includes banana, mango, coffee, other fruits in the higher surrounding areas of the city and rice production in Bas-Limbé near the sea. However the city is also prone to flooding. Particularly on November 18, 1963 a major flash flood resulting from a very active hurricane season (the most damaging one being hurricane Flora) caused the river of Limbé to flood the city. At the time the death toll in Limbé and surrounding areas was estimated to have reached between 100 to 500 people. Although no official record existed about the damage caused by the flood in Limbé, accounts from numerous eyewitnesses and the force of the hurricane (National Hurricane Center, hurricane 1963 archive season1) support the theory of a large scale tragedy with a great number of houses damaged or many even carried away by the raging water. Presently the flow of the river of Limbé is greatly diminished due to advanced and general deforestation in Haiti. Note that Limbé and surrounding areas still have many trees in comparison to the remainder of Haiti.
Limbé is fortunate to have two good hospital facilities. Dispensaire St-Jean opened by Catholic nuns (sisters of Ste-Carmelle) in the 60s but currently under government control and one hospital "Hôpital Bon-Samaritain" (The Good Samaritan) run by US Baptist missionaries. Limbé is therefore known in the Northern department for accessible health care services and many people flocked to the hospital Bon-Samaritain led for four decades by Dr. Williams Hodges before his death in 1996.
He was also archeologist in his spare time and founded the small Musée de Guahaba (Museum of Guahaba) in Limbé dedicated to Ameridian native artifacts from the Arawak/Taíno tribes. These tribes populated the area before the arrival of African slaves. Around 1973 Dr. Hodges also built an electrical dam to power the city and he provided running water through public fountains and to private homes later on in 1976. The dam is no longer in activity.
History.
In regard to Haitian history a vaudou priest named Dutty Boukman lived in Limbé. Boukman organized a famous religious meeting of African slaves in Bois-Caiman in August 1791 to mentally prepare the slaves for the kickoff of the uprising. After that meeting the slaves set on fire the plantation of Frenchman Sebastien- François le Normand de Mezy in Chabaud 4th section of the commune of Limbé (Chabott in creole). A few years later in 1803 the slaves' army also gathered in Limbé in a square called Nan Canno (meaning "in cannons" because of this historic fact) to get ready before the final assault on Cap-Haïtien (26 km further to the northeast) and the famous battle of Vertières where the last French bastion was overpowered by the revolutionary slaves army during the Haitian revolution.
During the battle of Vertières Haitian general Capois-La-Mort (Cap-Haitianer-The-Death), on horseback, and his men met a hail of fire as they advanced. Despite a bullet passing through his cap, Capois kept riding his horse urging his men to move forward. A cannon bullet struck down his horse to the ground. The general stood up and kept running toward the enemy line shouting to his soldiers "En avant! En avant!" (Forward! Forward!). Another bullet from a French sniper blew away Capois’ cap. Once more that did not stop him from holding up his saber and leading his men onward with his continuing cry of Forward! Observing this act of bravery, French General Comte de Rochambeau in charge of defending Cap-Haïtien, ordered to stop the firing and had his guards applauded this African warrior with drums rolls before the battle resumed.
In the aftermath of the 7.0 magnitude 12 January 2010 earthquake, on 22 February 2010, a mob of citizens erected barricades on the exit route of a World Food Program convoy, and attacked the convoy and its peacekeepers with rocks, to try to gain the goods carried within. The situation was resolved with no injuries and no arrests, after the National Police had been dispatched. The peacekeepers had agreed to distribute milk.
Education.
The Université Chrétienne du Nord d'Haïti is an autonomous institution of higher education private non-profit. It provides three functions: teaching, research and service.

</doc>
<doc id="18451753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451753" title="Limonade">
Limonade

Limonade (Creole: "Limonad") is a municipality in the Cap-Haïtien Arrondissement, in the Nord Department of Haiti.
It has 69,256 inhabitants. Christopher Columbus and his crew celebrated the first Christmas in the Americas at Limonade in 1492. Limonade is also the city in which François Capois, a renowned hero of the Haitian Revolution, died. [http://www.sonjeayiti.com/home.html Sonje Ayiti is a notable NGO that currently works in Limonade and maintains a website honoring the historic community.
In 2012, a new university built by the Dominican Republic was finished near the town, Université Roi Henri Christophe, part of the University of Haiti.

</doc>
<doc id="18451760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451760" title="Channel 9 – La Rioja">
Channel 9 – La Rioja

RTR Canal 9 de la Rioja is an Argentine television station operated by the local Government. It serves the Provinces of La Rioja and Catamarca (through a repeater on channel 13), and a small part of San Luis. The station broadcasts from La Rioja, the capital the homonym Province and it is affiliated with Telefe.
Channel 9 broadcasts in color, but -as well as many other TV channels outside Buenos Aires- it has monophonic sound only. The station produces two newscasts: one with local news and other with news from Catamarca. A weekend cultural show called "La Rioja que Usted no Conoce" ("La Rioja You Don't Know") is also presented.
Most of the schedule is filled with the network offerings: soap operas, national news, movies, sitcoms and cartoons.

</doc>
<doc id="18451763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451763" title="Ali Alyami">
Ali Alyami

Dr. Ali Alyami is the Executive Director and founder of the Center for Democracy and Human Rights in Saudi Arabia, based in Washington, DC.
Biography.
Ali Alyami was born and raised in Saudi Arabia. In 1967, he emigrated to the United States on an Aramco scholarship. He received an M.A. from California State University, Los Angeles, and a PhD from the Claremont Graduate University. 
He has worked for the Arab Organization for Human Rights in Cairo, Egypt, the Saudi Institute in Washington, DC, and the American Friends Service Committee in San Francisco. In 2004, he founded the Center for Democracy and Human Rights in Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="18451774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451774" title="Wrestling at the 1988 Summer Olympics – Men's freestyle 74 kg">
Wrestling at the 1988 Summer Olympics – Men's freestyle 74 kg

The Men's Freestyle 74 kg at the 1988 Summer Olympics as part of the wrestling program were held at the Sangmu Gymnasium, Seongnam.
Tournament results.
The wrestlers are divided into 2 groups. The winner of each group decided by a double-elimination system. 

</doc>
<doc id="18451777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451777" title="Billy Halliday">
Billy Halliday

Billy Halliday (born 14 November 1906 in Dumfries) was a Scottish professional footballer. He played for his home club Queen of the South as well as Newcastle United, Third Lanark, Exeter City, Stockport County and St. Cuthbert Wanderers. His position on the field of play was inside forward, playing on the left and wearing the "Number 10" shirt.
Queen of the South.
Halliday was an inside forward, playing on the left and signed for Queen of the South at the age of sixteen. His brother Dave Halliday had played for Queens before him in 1920, alongside Ian Dickson. Billy was a strong and fearless type of player who always gave his all. Billy's first game for Queens was a friendly match versus Manchester University at Palmerston Park that Queens won 4-1, with Billy scoring on his debut.
The 1926-27 season seen Queens drawn for the first time in a cup competition against Old Firm opposition. Queens took eventual winners Celtic to a replay before being eliminated from the Scottish Cup. Amongst those playing for Queens was inside left forward Halliday.
Halliday was considered by many as the best inside forward in the division. His nine goals in 15 games in his last season at Queens was noticed by Newcastle United and they offered him a contract. After starring in a 6-3 home victory over St Bernard's on 19 November, Halliday had an important decision to make.
Newcastle United.
With higher wages on offer and a signing-on fee, as well as his brother's massive success as a goal scoring machine at nearby Sunderland, Halliday unsurprisingly signed for Newcastle United. He played alongside another ex-Queens player, Hughie Gallacher, who captained Newcastle to the 1926-27 English League Division One Championship.
Halliday made his first team debut away to Leicester City on 27 November 1927 when he replaced the injured Tom McDonald. This proved to be his only first team game for the club. He returned to Scotland in 1928.
Third Lanark.
On returning Scotland Halliday played for Third Lanark.
Exeter City.
Yet again he headed south, this time to Exeter City for three seasons.
Stockport County.
Halliday played at Stockport County for two seasons.
St Cuthbert Wanderers.
He returned to his native Dumfries in 1933 where he finished his career with Kirkcudbright club St Cuthbert Wanderers.
Later days.
Billy later went on to manage Newcastle United and after his death a one minute's silence was held in his honour by Newcastle.

</doc>
<doc id="18451789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451789" title="Reina Nacional de Belleza Miss República Dominicana 2009">
Reina Nacional de Belleza Miss República Dominicana 2009

The Reina Nacional de Belleza Miss República Dominicana 2009 pageant was held on September 27, 2008. That year only 18 candidates competed for the national crown. The chosen winner represents the Dominican Republic at the Miss International 2009 pageant which was held in Tokyo. The first runner up will represent the country in Miss Mesoamerica. The second runner up represents the country in Reina Nacional del Café.. The third runner up represents the country in Miss Atlantico. The fourth runner up represents the country in Miss Intercontinental.

</doc>
<doc id="18451792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451792" title="Adolf Stern (chess player)">
Adolf Stern (chess player)

Adolf Stern (25 December 1849, Grünstadt, Rhineland-Palatinate – 24 August 1907, Mannheim) was a German chess master.
Born into a merchant Jewish family, he was the second child of Jacob Stern and Babette Caroline. At the beginning of his chess career, he participated in Baden-Baden 1870 chess tournament, playing only four games (scoring 1½/4) because of Franco-Prussian War (as a Bavarian reservist, he fought in the war).
In August 1871 he played in Wiesbaden (section I) scoring 3/4.
In September 1871 he took second place, behind Samuel Mieses, in Bad Ems.
In July/August 1878 he took ninth in Frankfurt (the 12th WDSB–Kongress, Louis Paulsen won).

</doc>
<doc id="18451802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451802" title="Pignon">
Pignon

Pignon (Creole: "Piyon") is a municipality in the Saint-Raphaël Arrondissement, in the Nord Department of Haiti.
It has 29,327 inhabitants.
Government.
Pignon's territory includes the "Sections Communales" of Savanette and La Belle Mère. During the November 28, 2010 election, Mr. Hidson Nelson was reelected as the Deputy for Pignon, Lavictoire, and Ranquite for 5 years. As of 2010, Dioda B. Calixte is Principal Mayor, aided by "Maire Adjoint" Géoderme Desrosiers and "Maire Adjoint" Silton Laguerre.
History.
Pignon is located at the border of the Central Plateau and North Departments. When France first acquired the western third of the island from Spain, Pignon laid right at the border of French and Spanish territories. It was founded in 1699 by Jean Guillaume de Pignon, one of the first French tradesmen and plantation owners who settled the western portion of Hispaniola after the Treaty of Ryswick with Spain. The vast valleys were suitable for tobacco, sugar cane, coffee, banana, mangoes, cocoa and animal production for export to France and trade with the Spanish neighbors in Hinche. The mountain chain overlooking the valleys provided protection against tropical storms and tornadoes, made the area even more desirable to Guillaume. Later, with over 700 male slaves in different plantations throughout the area, he and his family turned the area into a commercial trading hub of sort. He and his family settled the village, right at the foot of the mountain which bears his name to this day.
Facilities.
Transportation.
(Pignon Airport), a grass landing strip is served by charter and scheduled air service, mostly to and from Port-au-Prince. Mission Aviation Fellowship operates scheduled flights to Pignon from Port-au-Prince out of the small Guy Malary Terminal at Toussaint Louverture International Airport on 1 PM on Mondays and Fridays. A tap-tap van also runs between Pignon and Port-au-Prince, usually picking up passengers in the afternoon in front of the International Terminal at Toussaint Louverture International Airport and traveling along RN3 through Mirebalais and Hinche before returning to Pignon at night. 
Numerous other shared-ride trucks and buses run between Pignon and smaller surrounding communities. Shared trucks from a cooperative depot in Pignon provide transportation for merchants to sell their goods in the larger markets of Port-au-Prince and on different market days in other cities.
Education.
Primary schools.
École Saint Joseph, École Nationale Capois La Mort, École baptiste Conservatrice, and École Baptiste Jerusalem, Institution Vallee d'Adoration et Benediction (IVAB) 
Augmentation d'informations par Jacsonne Milord, Directeur fondateur Collège Henry-Christaphe de Pignon CHCP.-
Health.
Pignon has relatively high quality health care in the nation. Hôpital Bienfaisance is a well-equipped hospital with modern technology, many personnel and other resources to provide a wide range of advanced medical services. The Dispensaire St. Joseph de Pignon provides free and low-cost primary care, plus basic laboratory tests and dentistry, and maintains an on-site pharmacy. 
Bon Secours Agrovet provides veterinary services and medications to Pignon and the surrounding region.
Economy.
Pignon is one of the country's top suppliers for sugarcane and alcohol. There are many and vast plantations of sugarcane. Back in the days, farmers used to make their living by providing syrup and molasses to companies like Welch. Now, planters use their sugarcane to make clarin and sell it to the local market and throughout the nation.

</doc>
<doc id="18451803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451803" title="Moishe House">
Moishe House

Moishe House is an international non-profit organization made up of a collection of homes throughout the world that serve as hubs for the young adult Jewish community (with an emphasis on ages 21-32). It provides a rent subsidy and program budget to Moishe House residents who then use their home to create "their" ideal Jewish communal space. 
Mission and Vision.
Moishe House’s mission is “to provide meaningful Jewish experiences for young adults around the world by supporting leaders in their 20's as they create vibrant home-based Jewish communities.” Moishe House envisions itself as the global leader of pluralistic Jewish life for adults in their 20's. Moishe House facilitates a wide range of experiences so that young adults have the leadership, knowledge and community to enrich their Jewish journeys. 
Background.
Moishe House was created in Oakland, CA in January 2006 by David Cygielman, Moishe House CEO, and American philanthropist Morris B. Squire. Two weeks after opening its first house in Oakland, a second house opened in San Francisco. The idea for Moishe House came from Cygielman's observation that there was a lack of programming options for Jews who had graduated from college but had not yet settled down with a family. To fill this void, Moishe House has developed a creative, cost-effective and scalable model for building vibrant, peer-based Jewish communities and learning opportunities designed for Jewish young adults in their 20’s. 
From its inception until 2008, Moishe House was solely funded by Morris B. Squire. In 2008, when Squire could no longer support the organization on his own, Cygielman secured non-profit 501(c)3 charity tax status for Moishe House and the organization was then able to start receiving tax-deductible donations and grants. 
The Concept.
Three to five young adults turn their home into a Moishe House with the financial assistance and guidance of the organization. In exchange for a rent subsidy, the residents agree to host a specific number of programs per month (typically 5-7) such as holiday celebrations, community service and social events. Moishe House aims to promote new Jewish leadership by providing young adults the opportunity to create and develop their own communities. 
Moishe House focuses on creating community for Jewish young adults by allowing residents to design and lead programs and activities that they deem relevant and interesting, without regard to a specific branch of Judaism. These programs include Shabbat dinners, social action activities, social events and more. 
Impact.
The recently-published results of a two-year comprehensive evaluation conducted by The TCC Group and sponsored by the Jim Joseph Foundation found that Moishe House’s model is having a profound impact on Jewish young adults internationally. The evaluation focused on both Moishe House residents’ and participants’ perceptions and opinions prior to becoming involved with Moishe House and since becoming involved. 
The percentage of participants who reported being aware of local opportunities for Jewish young adults to participate in fun and meaningful activities nearly doubled since becoming involved with Moishe House, while residents overwhelmingly noted that they have gained knowledge and skills related to Jewish traditions and customs. Moreover, residents’ affirmative responses more than tripled when asked if they consider themselves to be leaders in their Jewish community since becoming active in Moishe House. Both residents and participants feel more strongly about leading an active Jewish life since becoming involved with Moishe House. 
Moishe House also has an alumni program to keep former residents engaged in the Moishe House community. 
Growth.
There are currently 54 Moishe Houses around the world, incorporating more than 150 residents. In the United States there are over 30 houses including three specifically designed for Russian-speaking Jews – one in Chicago, one in New York City and one in San Francisco. 
Administratively, there are twenty staff members and three Moishe House offices:
American cities with at least one Moishe House include:
Internationally, there is a Moishe House in:
Supporters.
Originally funded solely by Morris B. Squire, Moishe House now receives funding with nearly 300 foundations, Jewish Federations, and private funders from around the world. Moishe House also has a number of national partners, including Birthright Israel Next, Upstart Bay Area, and Repair the World. In recent years, local Federations have become increasingly involved in the funding of some Moishe Houses. 
Moishe House also partners with different organizations to provide educational resources to its large network of residents, alumni, and participants. "Seeking to help Moishe House implement a new Strategic Growth Plan to broaden and deepen its impact on Jewish young adults in their 20’s, the Jim Joseph Foundation, Charles and Lynn Schusterman Family Foundation (CLSFF), Leichtag Foundation, Genesis Philanthropy Group and Maimonides Fund today announced a total of $6 million of investment to the international organization." 

</doc>
<doc id="18451806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451806" title="Our Top Ten Treasures">
Our Top Ten Treasures

Our Top Ten Treasures was a 2003 special episode of the BBC Television series "Meet the Ancestors" which profiled the ten most important treasures unearthed in Britain, as voted for by a panel of experts from the British Museum.
Production.
The programme was commissioned for broadcast on New Year’s Day 2003 to tie in with an exhibition at the British Museum as part of new director Neil MacGregor’s attempts to popularise the museum.
Following the broadcast viewers were invited to vote for their favourites in a poll that was won by the Vindolanda Tablets, with the Sutton Hoo ship burial in second place.
Reception.
Richard Morrison writing in "The Times" criticised the British Museum for co-operating in an, ""unashamedly populist television archaeology venture,"" and another article in the same title stated, ""You may not like the idea of a league table of treasures that pits one priceless object against another, but television has its own logic.""
Synopsis.
Hart-Davis presents the top ten treasures as voted by the expert panel in reverse order.

</doc>
<doc id="18451811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451811" title="Pilate, Nord">
Pilate, Nord

Pilate (Creole: "Pilat") is a municipality in the Plaisance Arrondissement, in the Nord Department of Haiti.
It has 40,445 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="18451818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451818" title="Jack Swarbrick">
Jack Swarbrick

John Brian "Jack" Swarbrick, Jr.. is the athletic director at the University of Notre Dame. His appointment was announced in July 2008, replacing Kevin White, who resigned in June 2008 to take the same position at Duke University.
Biography.
Swarbrick was born March 19, 1954 in Yonkers, New York, the son of John Brian and Mary Catharine (née Comey) Swarbrick. He earned an undergraduate degree (magna cum laude) in economics from Notre Dame in 1976 and a law degree from Stanford in 1980. He practiced law for 28 years and was a partner in the law firm of Baker & Daniels immediately prior to accepting his position at Notre Dame. From 1992 until 2001, he also served as chairman of the Indiana Sports Corp., during which time he helped convince the NCAA to relocate its headquarters to Indianapolis.
Swarbrick has never served as a sports agent, however, he did serve as counsel to Olympic gymnast Mary Lou Retton and various professional sports teams. 
Swarbrick was previously considered for athletic director positions at Indiana University, Stanford University, Ohio State University, and Arizona State University In 2007, he was considered for the position of commissioner of the Big 12 Conference, and in 2002 he was a finalist for the position of NCAA president, which went to Myles Brand.
He was the vice-president of the team that successfully bid to host Super Bowl XLVI in 2012 in Indianapolis.
From 2000-2002, Swarbrick was CEO of LMiV, an internet firm funded partially by Emmis Communications.
Swarbrick has been a member of the Indiana bar since 1980 and is also admitted to practice in the Supreme Court and the Seventh Circuit Court of Appeals.
Personal.
Swarbrick is married to Kimberly, and they have four children: Connor, Kate, Cal and Christopher.

</doc>
<doc id="18451820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451820" title="Hits 1979–1989">
Hits 1979–1989

Hits 1979–1989 is a compilation album by Rosanne Cash, released in 1989. It peaked at No. 9 on the Billboard Top Country Albums charts and No. 152 on The Billboard 200.

</doc>
<doc id="18451825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451825" title="Plaine-du-Nord">
Plaine-du-Nord

Plaine-du-Nord (Creole: "Plèn dinò") is a municipality in the Acul-du-Nord Arrondissement, in the Nord Department of Haiti.
It has 28,544 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="18451838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451838" title="Plaisance, Nord">
Plaisance, Nord

Plaisance (Creole: "Plezans") is a municipality in the Plaisance Arrondissement, in the Nord Department of Haiti.
It has 50,367 inhabitants.
Morne Bedoret is a nearby peak which is 543 m high. It was here that Fort Bedourete was located.

</doc>
<doc id="18451845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451845" title="Port-Margot">
Port-Margot

Port-Margot (Creole: "Pò Mago") is a municipality in the Borgne Arrondissement, in the Nord Department of Haiti.
It has 36,937 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="18451847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451847" title="110th meridian east">
110th meridian east

The meridian 110° east of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, Asia, the Indian Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 110th meridian east forms a great circle with the 70th meridian west.
From Pole to Pole.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 110th meridian east passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="18451849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451849" title="Kohler-Andrae State Park">
Kohler-Andrae State Park

Kohler-Andrae State Park comprises two adjacent Wisconsin state parks located in the town of Wilson, a few miles south of the city of Sheboygan. They are managed as one unit. Terry Andrae State Park, established in 1927, and John Michael Kohler State Park, established in 1966, total . The parks contain over two miles (3 km) of beaches and sand dunes along the shore of Lake Michigan, with woods and wetlands away from the water. The Black River flows through the parks. The park protects threatened plants.
History.
The land which is now Terry Andrae State Park is sandy, so it could not be used by early European immigrants for growing crops or grazing cattle. Frank Theodore (Terry) Andrae was the president of Milwaukee's Julius Andrae and Sons' Electric Supply Company. He purchased in 1924 from a retired fisherman and later added another . He built a two-story house which overlooked Lake Michigan in the present campgrounds. This, their second house, was used to entertain guests. Mrs. Andrae hired forestry consultants to reforest their property. After Mr. Andrae died in 1927, Elsbeth Andrae donated the to the State of Wisconsin in memory of her husband Terry. Terry Andrae State Park opened in 1928. 
In April 1966, Kohler Company donated immediately north of Terry Andrae State Park to the state of Wisconsin. It was named John Michael Kohler State Park in memory of the founder of the company.
The were expanded to almost by acquisitions of neighboring properties. Although the two units are considered separate adjacent properties, they are managed as a single unit by the Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources. A citizen's support group called Friends of Kohler-Andrae State Park was formed in 1987 to raise funds which are used for nature programming and development projects such as a handicap-accessible cabin.
Amenities.
Activities related to Lake Michigan include fishing, boating, and swimming. There are no boat launching ramps or docks at the park. The lake contains dozens of species of fish including trout and salmon. Inland activities include hiking and biking. 
The park contains two nature trails and three hiking trails. The Creeping Juniper Nature Trail is a half mile long trail on a cordwalk through the rolling sand dunes by Sanderling Nature Center. The Woodland Dunes Nature Trail is a one mile (1.6 km) trail through forested rolling dunes. It contains interpretive signs to identify and describe trees. It is accessed by the campgrounds. The Dunes Cordwalk has a half mile north and south portions on a wooden cordwalk through rolling dunes parallel to Lake Michigan. The Black River Trail is a long grass trail at the northwest section of the park. It is accessed north of the park on County Highway V. It passes through open fields, woodlands, and evergreen forests. Horses and mountain bikes are allowed on the trail. Black River Marsh Boardwalk is a quarter mile boardwalk through a wetland. It is accessed near site 48.
The park is open all year. Winter activities include winter camping in 28 electric sites, sledding / tobogganing, cross country skiing and snowshoeing. 
Facilities at the park include a bath house, campgrounds, roads, and trails. There are 105 family and two group campsites in the park as of 2008. Thirty more family campsites are scheduled to be opened in 2009. One campsite consists of an authentic Native American tepee which is available for rent.
Sanderling Nature Center.
The Sanderling Nature Center is located in the northern area of the park. Exhibits focus on the plants and animals found in the park, the natural history of the Great Lakes, and the park's history. The center is open from May through October, and features live animals on display, an auditorium, and an observation deck with a view of Lake Michigan.

</doc>
<doc id="18451853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451853" title="Brian White (cartoonist)">
Brian White (cartoonist)

Brian (H.B.) White (born 1902; died 1984) was a British cartoonist, creating 'The Nipper' for the Daily Mail between 1933 and 1947.
Both 'Keyhole Kate' and 'Double Trouble' ran in London's Evening Standard.
Early in his career he forged links with Sid Griffiths, who had developed Jerry the Tyke and brought in White who had been one of the team of animators on the 1924 film of George E. Studdy's character Bonzo the dog. They latterly formed the company "Griffiths and White" in 1929, working from an office in the Charing Cross Road, London, initially producing animated advertisements for Superads where Carl Giles was first employed. Griffiths and White continued throughout the 1930s, eventually working at Anson Dyer's Anglia Films Stroud-based studio which was later taken over by Halas & Batchelor for the development of Animal Farm.
In collaboration with cousin Harold White, B&H Publications produced "George Bernard Shaw Through The Camera" in 1948.
Brain White worked for a year in 1952/3 on the first feature cartoon (75 minutes) "Animal Farm", based on George Orwell's novel of the same name. An associate here was Sid Griffiths, with whom he had first collaborated 30 years earlier.
He is the grandfather of British sculptor Jon Edgar. White died at Rustington, West Sussex in 1984.
Films.
1925 Jerry the Troublesome Tyke (short) - animator
1925 The Joy Provider (short) - animator
1925 In and Out of Wembley (short) - animator
1926 A Flash Affair (short) - animator
1926 All Up a Tree (short) - animator
1926 A Sticky Business (short) - animator
1926 Going West (short) - animator
1926 Golf (short) - animator
1926 He Gets Fired (short) - animator
1926 We Nearly Lose Him (short) - animator
1925 Honesty Is the Best Policy (short) - animator
1930 Tropical Breezes - Director, with Sid Griffiths and A. Goodman
1933 Colonel Capers - animator
1934 Treasure Island - Director, writer and animator (the first part of the aborted Barnacle Bill Series)
Cartoon characters.
"The Nipper" 1933-1947 Daily Mail
"Deed-a-day Danny" Knockout (from Hugh McNeill) 1942
"Little Tough Guy" Knockout (Amalgamated/Fleetway comic)
"Keyhole Kate" Sparky (1965–74); London Evening Standard
"Double Trouble" London Evening Standard
"Plum Duffy"; The Topper comic
Archival material with public access.
Pathefilms web archive of Jerry the Tyke http://www.britishpathe.com/programmes/jerry-the-troublesome-tyke
British Cartoon Archive, Templeman Library, University of Kent, UK http://www.cartoons.ac.uk/artists/brianwhite/biography
"Animal Farm" (1955) film (DVD) EAN 5050582008982
Daily Mail "Nipper" Annual 1940 - reprinted White Crescent Press (1995) ISBN 0 900804 31 9

</doc>
<doc id="18451854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451854" title="Tang Lin">
Tang Lin

Tang Lin (born May 7, 1976) is a Chinese judoka and olympic champion. She won a gold medal in the "half heavyweight division" at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney.

</doc>
<doc id="18451855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451855" title="Quartier-Morin">
Quartier-Morin

Quartier-Morin (Creole: "Katye Moren") is a municipality in the Cap-Haïtien Arrondissement, in the Nord Department of Haiti.
It has 19,241 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="18451870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451870" title="Ranquitte">
Ranquitte

Ranquitte (Creole: "Rankit") is a municipality in the Saint-Raphaël Arrondissement, in the Nord Department of Haiti.
It has 18,197 inhabitants.
The school in Haiti is the Spady-Calhoun school named partly in honor of one of its benefactors, Dr. Steven Spady of Hindman, KY. Christian Flights International is a non-profit missionary group that has been sending trips into this area for nearly 20 years.

</doc>
<doc id="18451874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451874" title="Lloyd Lindsay Young">
Lloyd Lindsay Young

Lloyd Lindsay Young (born September 4, 1941) is an American weather reporter who gained notoriety for his over-the-top delivery and antics. He is the father of former KGET-TV weatherman George Lindsay Young, with whom he worked for several years in New York. 
Lloyd grew up in Hollywood, California and has been in the TV/Radio broadcasting business since 1962; starting at Bakersfield, California radio station KWAK AM 970 in 1962.He spent 3 years at WFIE Channel 14 Evansville Indiana leaving in late 1980. He spent time at KGO-TV in San Francisco from 1981-1983. He also spent 12 years at WWOR-TV, channel 9 in Secaucus, New Jersey, through October 1, 1995. In his ascendancy, he was seen on KIFI-TV, Idaho Falls and heard on KNAK, Salt Lake City.
His trademark intro is "Hellooooo (insert city name)". He is also known for his outrageous weather pointers which are sent in by viewers. His wild weather routine has earned him guest spots on "Geraldo" and "The Howard Stern Show". In a March 2007 interview on Stern's Sirius Satellite radio show, Stern called Young "the most successful mentally challenged person I've ever met." 
On September 16, 2008, Young was terminated from his job at KERO in Bakersfield, California. He was replaced by former KERO weatherman Rusty Shoop.
Young had cameo appearances in the films "Working Girl" and "Age Isn't Everything". Young also introduced George Carlin in his stand-up special "What Am I Doing In New Jersey?"
It is Young who says "it's a trip, it's got a funky beat, and I can bug out to it" in the Beastie Boys song "B-Boy Bouillabaisse" (in the "Mike on the Mic" segment) from the 1989 album "Paul's Boutique". According to author Dan LeRoy in his book on "Paul's Boutique", the group commissioned Young to appear on the album when they became a fan of his work on WWOR. The introduction to their song "Hello Brooklyn" may have also been influenced by Young's trademark calls.
"Double L" was a weatherman on KGO 810 radio out of San Francisco on the morning and afternoon (drive-time) newscasts. He performed in this capacity starting in 1996, adding mornings to his schedule in 2009, replacing the retired Leo Ciolino. On December 1, 2011, KGO fired Young as well as many talk-show hosts.
As of 2012, Young is now heard on KKSF-AM in San Francisco.
References.
http://www.turnto23.com/newsteam/5382821/detail.html
http://kgoradio.com/showdj.asp?DJID=3613
http://local.evpl.org/views/viewarticle.asp?ID=556879

</doc>
<doc id="18451883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451883" title="Woking Muslim Mission">
Woking Muslim Mission

The Woking Muslim Mission was founded in 1913 by Khwaja Kamal-ud-Din (d. December 1932) at the Mosque in Woking, 30 miles southwest of London and was managed by members of the Lahore Ahmadiyya Movement ("Ahmadiyya Anjuman Ishaat-i-Islam", AAIL). It was run by Lahore Ahmadiyya missionaries until the mid-1960s.
Woking Mosque.
The Woking Mosque was built by Dr G.W. Leitner (d. 1899) in 1889. It was only opened up and used on special occasions. In 1913 Leitner's son was on the point of selling the mosque to a developer. The Indian lawyer and follower of Mirza Ghulam Ahmad, Khwaja Kamal-ud-Din, just arrived in England, was inspired to establish an Islamic mission in the mosque. The Khwaja, with the help of some prominent Indian Muslims in England, such as Syed Ameer Ali, went to court and had the Mosque placed under a Trust.
The Woking Mosque and mission remained the pre-eminent centre of Islam in Great Britain from 1913 to the mid-1960s.
Woking Mission.
The "Woking Muslim Mission" was established by Khwaja Kamal-ud-Din. His first stay in England was from September 1912 until August 1914. He established the mission with the encouragement of Maulana Noor-ud-Din, head of the Ahmadiyya Movement till March 1914. After the split in the Ahmadiyya Movement in 1914 Khwaja Kamal-ud-Din was associated with the "Lahore Branch".
Khwaja Kamal-ud-Din started his work from the inspiration of Mirza Ghulam Ahmad, who had a deep desire to present Islam to the West. In February 1913 the Khwaja started a monthly periodical, "The Islamic Review", which for over 55 years was the main Islamic publication in the West.
At Eid occasions, from 1913 to the mid-1960s, Muslims from all nations present in England at the time gathered at the Woking Mosque. Woking in those days became a replica in miniature of Mecca in the West, a multinational spectacle that could be matched in its multitude only with Hajj in Mecca itself.
People converting to Islam in England during the years 1913 to the mid-1960s did so generally through this mission. In 1924 it was estimated that there was a total Muslim population in England of 10,000, of which 1,000 were converts.
The well-known book "Islam, Our Choice", containing accounts by Muslim converts of how they came to embrace Islam, was originally compiled and published by the Woking Muslim Mission. It has subsequently been re-published all over the world by other Muslim publishers who have deleted the name of the Woking Muslim Mission and of Khwaja Kamal-ud-Din from within the accounts given by the converts.

</doc>
<doc id="18451888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451888" title="Peter David (politician)">
Peter David (politician)

Peter Charles David (born in 1957) is a Grenadian politician. He is the General Secretary of the National Democratic Congress (NDC), a member of the House of Representatives from the Town of St. George constituency, and served as Minister of Foreign Affairs from July 2008 to November 2010. He currently serves as Minister of Tourism. On April 30,2012 Peter David resign from the Cabinet and Minister of Tourism and aviation.
David was elected to the House of Representatives as an NDC candidate from the Town of St. George in the November 2003 general election. The New National Party (NNP), which was then the governing party, repeatedly went to court in attempts to prevent David from serving in Parliament, arguing that he is a citizen of Canada and thus ineligible, but these legal efforts by the NNP were rejected.
In the general election held on July 8, 2008, David was re-elected from the Town of St. George. The NDC won a majority of seats in this election, and David became Minister of Tourism and Foreign Affairs in the new NDC Cabinet, led by Prime Minister Tillman Thomas, which was sworn in on July 13.

</doc>
<doc id="18451889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451889" title="Kahweol">
Kahweol

Kahweol is a diterpene molecule found in the beans of "Coffea arabica". It is structurally related to cafestol.
Recent research suggests that kahweol may have beneficial effects on bone by inhibiting osteoclast differentiation. Another recent study confirmed that kahweol has anti-inflammatory and anti-angiogenic effects, offering a possible mechanism for the association found in epidemiological studies between consumption of unfiltered coffee and decreased risk of cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="18451893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451893" title="Frank Murphy (pole vaulter)">
Frank Murphy (pole vaulter)

Frank Murphy ("Frank Dwyer Murphy;" September 21, 1889 – June 11, 1980) was an American track and field athlete who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.
He was born in East Chicago, Illinois and died in Urbana, Illinois.
In 1912 he won a bronze medal in the pole vault event.

</doc>
<doc id="18451901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451901" title="Boris Pozdnyakov">
Boris Pozdnyakov

Boris Aleksandrovich Pozdnyakov () (born May 31, 1962 in Moscow) is a Russian football coach and a former player. As of October 2009, he works as an assistant coach with FC Spartak Moscow.
International career.
Podznyakov made his debut for USSR on March 28, 1984 in a friendly against West Germany. He played in the 1986 FIFA World Cup qualifiers.

</doc>
<doc id="18451902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451902" title="Kiss My Brass">
Kiss My Brass

Bette Midler hit the road for the first time in four years with her 2003–2004 Kiss My Brass concert tour. The first leg of the tour kicked off on December 10 in Chicago, Illinois and went through the middle of February. The tour hit the top 40 cities across the U.S. with one stop in Toronto, Ontario. The first leg of the tour ended in Atlantic City, New Jersey and the second leg of the tour began in Manchester, New Hampshire and ended in Minneapolis, Minnesota.
On the tour, she performed well-known hits and characters, as well as selected songs from her release, "Bette Midler Sings the Rosemary Clooney Songbook".
Setlist.
The setlist varied from city to city. Some songs and bits were dropped and/or added in different cities, but the general setlist was as follows:
Act 2.
Delores Delago: Fishtails Over Broadway

</doc>
<doc id="18451905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451905" title="Yuan Hua (judoka)">
Yuan Hua (judoka)

Yuan Hua (; born April 16, 1974) is a Chinese judoka and olympic champion. She won a gold medal in the "heavyweight division" at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney.

</doc>
<doc id="18451910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451910" title="Huangyan">
Huangyan

Huangyan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18451919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451919" title="Karl Wilhelm Ernst Joachim Schönborn">
Karl Wilhelm Ernst Joachim Schönborn

Karl Wilhelm Ernst Joachim Schönborn (May 8, 1840 - 1906) was a German surgeon who was a native of Breslau.
He studied medicine at the Universities of Breslau, Heidelberg, Göttingen and Berlin, receiving his medical doctorate in 1863. At Berlin, he worked as an assistant to Robert Ferdinand Wilms (1824-1880) at Bethanien Hospital and to Bernhard von Langenbeck (1810-1887) at the university hospital. In 1871 he became a professor at the university surgical clinic at Königsberg. From 1886 until his death in 1906, he was a professor of surgery at the University of Würzburg.
Schönborn is remembered for his surgical work involving velopharyngeal insufficiency (VPI), commonly referred to as cleft palate. In 1875 he described the first true pharyngeal flap surgery, an inferiorly based flap surgery for VPI. He would perform several of these operations in the following years, and in 1886 switched to a superiorly based flap operation. He described these procedures in "Ueber eine neue Methode der Staphylorrhaphie" (1875), and "Vorstellung eines falle von Staphyloplastik" (1886).

</doc>
<doc id="18451925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451925" title="List of Denver Broncos first-round draft picks">
List of Denver Broncos first-round draft picks

The Denver Broncos are a professional American football team based in Denver, Colorado. They are members of the American Football Conference West Division in the National Football League (NFL). The franchise was formed on August 14, 1959 to compete in the American Football League (AFL). The first AFL Draft was held three months later. The last AFL draft the Broncos participated in was the 1966 draft, due to them joining the NFL as part of the AFL–NFL merger on June 8, 1966.
The Broncos first participated in the NFL Annual Player Selection Meeting, more commonly known as the NFL Draft, in 1967. In the NFL Draft, each NFL franchise annually seeks to add new players to its roster. Teams are ranked in reverse order based on the previous season's record; the worst record picks first, the second-worst picking second and so on. The two exceptions to this order are made for teams that appeared in the previous Super Bowl; the Super Bowl champion always picks 32nd, and the Super Bowl loser always picks 31st. Teams have the option of trading away their picks to other teams for different picks, players, cash, or a combination thereof. Thus, it is not uncommon for a team's actual draft pick to differ from their assigned draft pick, or for a team to have extra or no draft picks in any round due to these trades.
The Broncos selected Roger LeClerc, a placekicker from Trinity College, in the 1960 AFL Draft. In their first NFL Draft, the Broncos selected Floyd Little, a running back from Syracuse University. The Broncos have selected players from the University of Nebraska, University of Florida, and University of Tennessee three times each, the most from any university in the first-round. The team's most recent selections were Tim Tebow, a quarterback from Florida University and Demaryius Thomas, wide receiver from Georgia Tech. Three selections, Floyd Little, Merlin Olsen and Bob Brown, were enshrined in the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 1982 and 2004, respectively. In 1991, Mike Croel became the first Bronco to win the Defensive Rookie of the Year award, receiving 68 out of 82 votes.

</doc>
<doc id="18451930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451930" title="Ormacleit Castle">
Ormacleit Castle

Ormacleit Castle (also Ormiclate or Ormaclett) is a ruined mansion house of the early 18th century. It is located on South Uist in the Western Isles of Scotland. It was built in the early years of the 18th century by Allan Macdonald, chief of Clanranald, and occupied from 1707. Macdonald was killed at the Battle of Sheriffmuir on 13 November 1715, and Ormacleit Castle is said to have burned down on the same day. After the fire, the Clanranald seat was moved north to Nunton on Benbecula, and the castle was abandoned after less than ten years of occupation.
The first structure at Ormacleit was begun in the late 16th century by Allan Macdonald, 9th chief of Clanranald. Parts of this building may be incorporated into the present house. The T-plan, two-storey house was formerly fronted by a forecourt to the north. Local tradition states that the castle was roofed with marble; pieces of green-coloured gneiss slabs found on the site may explain this belief. Above the main entrance is an armorial panel, although other decorative features have been removed.
The ruin is a Scheduled Monument, and a category B listed building.

</doc>
<doc id="18451937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451937" title="Infrared thermal microscopy">
Infrared thermal microscopy

Infrared (IR) thermal microscopy is a tool for microelectronic temperature measurement and failure analysis. It is a non-contact measurement technique which utilises naturally emitted infrared radiation from a sample. Commercial IR instruments are now available, offering spatial resolutions down to around 2.5 µm and a range of options including real time temperature mapping and transient detection.

</doc>
<doc id="18451951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451951" title="Perger-Verzeichnis">
Perger-Verzeichnis

The Perger-Verzeichnis ("Perger Catalogue") is a thematic-chronological catalogue of instrumental compositions by Michael Haydn, compiled by Lothar Perger in 1907. Like Ludwig von Köchel's catalog of Mozart's compositions (the Köchel-Verzeichnis), Perger's catalog uses a single range of numbers, from 1 to 136, but like Hoboken's catalog of Joseph Haydn's music, groups the pieces first into categories (symphonies, concertos, etc.) and then sorts them chronologically.
Perger's attempt at figuring out the chronology is, however, so full of mistakes (including the attribution to Haydn of music by others) that later musicologists, instead of trying to amend the catalog (as they have with Köchel's) have created new ones from scratch. The most credible is the one by Charles Sherman and T. Donley Thomas, a chronological catalog of 838 pieces in which each piece is assigned an MH number in that range according to their best guesses at chronology.
Even so, Perger's catalog is still widely used by libraries, music publishing houses and some record companies.
For a more complete listing of Michael Haydn's instrumental and vocal music, see list of compositions by Michael Haydn. The following list only includes those pieces with a Perger number, even when they're not by Haydn. See also Klafsky-Verzeichnis.
Symphonies.
Perger numbered the symphonies from 1 to 52, but he included suites from incidental music by Haydn compiled into symphonies by someone else, as well as three symphonies altogether written by others. However, Perger overlooked a divertimento in G major that is sometimes called a symphony.
Concertos.
Perger overlooked a violin concerto in G major, MH 52, while the horn concerto he placed in a miscellaneous category at the end.
Minuets.
For the most part these are collections of minuets that can be played on their own. Because Haydn wrote a minuet to symphony No. 33 long after the rest of the symphony, Perger mixed this minuet up with the free-standing pieces.
Nocturnes.
Though Perger called them nocturnes, some of these are more generally known as divertimenti. The list even includes a string quartet and a quintet.
Sonatas.
Hieronymus Graf von Colloredo commissioned Haydn to write six duos for violin and viola. Haydn fell ill after completing the fourth, so he asked Mozart to write the other two (K. 423 and K. 424). The set of six was presented as all Haydn's, and Colloredo was unable to "detect in them Mozart's obvious workmanship." With these Perger lumped a sonata for two violins and organ.

</doc>
<doc id="18451953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451953" title="William Halpenny">
William Halpenny

William Halpenny (May 23, 1882 – February 10, 1960) was a Canadian track and field athlete who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Prince Edward Island. In 1912 he won a bronze medal in the pole vault event.

</doc>
<doc id="18451992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451992" title="Royal Road, Kraków">
Royal Road, Kraków

The Royal Road or Royal Route (, ) in Kraków, Poland, begins at the northern end of the medieval Old Town and continues south through the centre of town towards Wawel Hill, where the old royal residence, Wawel Castle, is located. The Royal Road passes some of the most prominent historic landmarks of Poland's royal capital, providing a suitable background to coronation processions and parades, kings' and princes' receptions, foreign envoys and guests of distinction traveling from a far country to their destination at Wawel.
The Royal Road starts outside the northern flank of the old city walls in the medieval suburb of Kleparz, now a central district of Kraków. It begins at St. Florian's Church ("Kościół św. Floriana"), containing the relics of St. Florian – the Patron Saint of Poland – miraculously saved numerous times in the 12th, 16th and 17th centuries. St. Florian's Church was also the starting point for royal funeral processions, concluding at Wawel Cathedral.
The Royal Road crosses Matejko Square ("pl. Matejki"), passes the Academy of Fine Arts ("Akademia Sztuk Pięknych") on the right-hand side and crosses Basztowa Street – to the medieval barbican ("Barbakan"). The Gothic-style Barbakan, built in 1499, is one of only three such fortified outposts still surviving in Europe and also, the best preserved. The Road passes the old fortifications through Floriańska Gate under a defensive tower. It is the original entrance to the city and the only gate, of the eight city gates built in the Middle Ages, not dismantled during the 19th century modernization of Kraków. Inside the Old Town ("Stare Miasto"), the Road continues along Floriańska Street and enters the Main Square ("Rynek Główny"), the largest medieval market square in Europe. On the left-hand side, at the northeast corner of the square stands St. Mary's Basilica, home of the oldest and the largest Gothic altarpiece in the world. At the center of the plaza, surrounded by row houses ("kamienice") and noble residences, stands the Renaissance cloth hall Sukiennice flanked by the Town Hall Tower ("Wieża ratuszowa").
The Road passes the Romanesque Church of St. Wojciech in the south-eastern corner of the square, and leads down Grodzka Street along a number of historic landmarks and two smaller squares featured on both sides. Grodzka ends at the foot of the Wawel Hill; with the Wawel architectural complex spread above, featuring Wawel Castle with an armoury, and the Cathedral.
Landmarks of the Royal Road.
Some of the most revered as well as the lesser known points of interest and historic landmarks of the city stand on the path of the Royal Road. A more complete list of them would also include the following: Battle of Grunwald Monument at the centre of pl. Matejki, next to the Academy of Fine Arts, right across from Barbakan at Basztowa Street; Arsenal of the Czartoryski Museum on Pijarska Street adjacent to Florian Gate at the foot of Floriańska Street; the Matejko Manor division of the National Museum as well as the Jagiellonian University Museum of Pharmacy on Floriańska; and the Hipolit House division of the Historical Museum of Kraków across from St. Mary's Basilica (including a smaller Church of St Barbara), at the entrance to Main Market Square.
On the east side of Sukiennice Cloth Hall with the free-standing Town Hall Tower protruding from behind, there is the Adam Mickiewicz Monument, one of the best known bronze monuments in Poland. At the beginning of Grodzka: the Church of St. Wojciech ("St Adalbert's") and not far behind, the All Saints Square ("pl. Wszystkich Świętych") with Wielopolski Palace and the Franciscan Church on its west side. Just three small city blocks down Grodzka, there's the St. Mary Magdalene Square with the Church of Saints Peter and Paul (first Baroque church in Poland) and the Church of St. Andrew; and, at the end of Grodzka (one block further), the Church of St. Giles at Podzamcze Street. The Royal Road opens up to Wawel Hill towering from above, with the Wawel Castle and the Wawel Cathedral accessible by two ascending roads, the east and the west side entrances.
References.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="18451995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451995" title="Operation Chico">
Operation Chico

Operation Chico was a Civil Defense exercise conducted December 6-7, 1958 which consisted of a strategic evacuation of approximately 500 families from Solano County, California to the city of Chico, California and overnight care for the evacuees. The purpose of Operation Chico was to test protection measures against atomic bomb fallout and other major disasters.
The plan was designed to test: a) the feasibility of an evacuation route designated in 1955 for Solano County exclusive of the city of Vallejo; b) plans for the control of a sizable group of evacuees; c) registration and assignment to billets of such a group; d) mass feeding facilities and operations; and e) plans and procedures for continuity of governments of evacuated jurisdictions.
An “emergency” reception base was set up at the Silver Dollar Fairgrounds in Chico. The evacuees were registered and assigned billets with private families for one night. The test was the first mass evacuation in the United States in which residents were quartered away from their homes overnight. The evacuation was scheduled to occur on the anniversary of Pearl Harbor.
The operation was observed by top national and state civil defense officials and was declared a complete success. Chico was subsequently named as the provisional capital of California in the event that Sacramento needed be evacuated.
Criticism.
Carl E. Hem, assistant professor of history at what was then Chico State College paid for an ad titled “A Test of What” that disputed the operation’s credibility. There was no panic that might have altered the “successful” evacuation of Solano County and the parade-like atmosphere became a subject of controversy.
In his ad, he pointed out that the evacuation of U.S. cities following a nuclear bomb would be impossible because shortly after an alarm had been sounded, bottlenecks would completely choke up the highways, and there would almost certainly be widespread panic.
He went on to say that indulging in fantasy operations such as Operation Chico would only obscure the real dangers that threaten mankind if we assumed that exercises like this would provide protection against nuclear disaster.

</doc>
<doc id="18451998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18451998" title="Patrick Hannon">
Patrick Hannon

Sir Patrick Joseph Henry Hannon FRGS FRSA (1874 - 10 January 1963) was an Anglo-Irish Conservative Party politician, industrialist and agriculturalist. He served as Member of Parliament (MP) for Birmingham Moseley from 1921 to 1950 and was active in the British Commonwealth Union.
Education in agriculture.
Hannon was the eldest son of Matthew Hannon of Kilfree. He was educated at the Royal College of Science and Royal University of Ireland. He married Mary, daughter of Thomas J Wynne of Castlebar. Hannon was actively involved in Irish agriculture from 1896 to 1904, in particular as an officer of the Irish Agricultural Organisation Society. From 1901 to 1904 Hannon was Director of the Irish Agricultural Wholesale Society and reported on agriculture worldwide. From 1902 to 1907 he visited the U.S. and Canada on behalf of the Irish Industrial Movement. From 1907 to 1909 he was Director of Agricultural Organisation to the government of Cape Colony and a Justice of the Peace.
Politics.
Hannon contested Bristol East in 1910 as a Unionist. In the period 1910 to 1914 he was an officer of the Tariff Reform League. He was first elected as a Coalition Conservative in a byelection on 4 March 1921 and served until the United Kingdom general election, 1950. He was President of Aston Villa F.C..

</doc>
<doc id="18452017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18452017" title="Så länge vi har varann">
Så länge vi har varann

"Så länge vi har varann" is a single released by Swedish band Ratata and Frida in 1987. It spent 21 weeks in the top ten of the Svensktoppen chart, reaching a highest position of number two on 7 June 1987. An English version, "As Long as I Have You", was also released.
Music video.
Two versions of the music video were produced. One for each language.

</doc>
<doc id="18452018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18452018" title="Zhuang Xiaoyan">
Zhuang Xiaoyan

Zhuang Xiaoyan (荘暁岩; born 4 May 1969) is a Chinese judo coach, former international judo champion, and winner of the gold medal for judo in the women's +72 kg (heavyweight) division at the 1992 Summer Olympics. Her medal was China's first Olympic gold medal in judo.
Early life.
Zhuang was born on 4 May 1969 in Shenyang, Liaoning, China. Her parents worked in a fertiliser plant. She initially trained in shot put, discus, and javelin, but changed to judo at the age of 14 years. A year later, she was selected for the Liaoning provincial judo team. Her nickname amongst her fellow athletes was 'Tiger.'
Competitive judo career.
In 1986, Zhuang joined the Chinese national judo team. That same year, she came second in the National Judo Championship. In 1987, she was champion in the women's open class at the National Games, and in 1988, she took victory in the same class at the International Judo Championships. Through the late 1980s, she also competed in tournaments at Fukuoka. Her coach for international competition was Liu Yongfu. She was listed at 173 cm (5' 8") in height and 98 kg (217 lb.) in weight.
More international victories followed for Zhuang at the 1990 Asian Games in Beijing and the 1991 World Judo Championships in Barcelona. At the 1992 Summer Olympics, Zhuang defeated Estela Rodríguez Villanueva from Cuba to win the gold medal in the women's +72 kg division for judo. This was China's first Olympic gold medal in judo, and was the first of three consecutive victories for China in this competition—Sun Fuming (1996) and Yuan Hua (2000) also won Olympic gold medals in the heaviest women's division in judo.
Following her Olympic victory, Zhuang married and had twin daughters, but separated from her husband a few years later. She retired from judo competition in 1995.
Post-competition career.
Zhuang was one of the torchbearers in the Olympic torch relay for the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. Her fingerprints and footprints are preserved in the flagstones of Beidaihe Olympic Avenue Park, Beidaihe District, along with those of 44 other Chinese Olympic champions. She now trains judo competitors at the Liaoning provincial institute of sports technology.

</doc>
<doc id="18452023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18452023" title="Dave Finbow">
Dave Finbow

David "Dave" Finbow is a former English professional snooker player from Worcester. In his career he managed to beat players such as Ronnie O'Sullivan, Ken Doherty and James Wattana. Throughout his career he reached five quarter-finals in ranking tournaments, as well as the last 16 of many events and he once looked as if he could get into the top 16 of the world rankings. However, his results in tournaments suffered, which was partly due to suffering from anxiety attacks which caused him to feel nauseous and unable to concentrate in a match. Unfortunately for Finbow he could not find a cure, and despite taking prescribed medication and trying a number of solutions it did not cure his anxiety attacks completely. After beating David Gray and Dave Harold to reach the last 16 of the 2001 UK Championship he was playing Ronnie O'Sullivan, but suffered a particularly bad anxiety attack, and was forced to retire the match at 8-0 down. After the match he expressed his distress and by the end of the 2002-2003 season he announced his retirement from the game all together.

</doc>
<doc id="18452062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18452062" title="Kulali">
Kulali

Kulali may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18452079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18452079" title="2007–11 Belgian political crisis">
2007–11 Belgian political crisis

The 2007–2011 Belgian political crisis was a period of tense communal relations and political instability in Belgium rooted in the differing opinions on state reform, and in the continued existence of the controversial electoral district of Brussels-Halle-Vilvoorde (BHV). Parties from the Dutch-speaking Flemish Community are in general strongly in favour for a devolution of powers to the communities and regions, and the splitting of the unconstitutional BHV district, while French-speaking French Community of Belgium is generally in favour of retaining the status quo. After the 2010 elections, the topics of public debt, deficit cuts and socio-economic reform were added to the debate, with most Flemish parties in favour of finding money by strongly reducing spending, whilst the proposals supported by most French-speaking parties also included a significant raise in taxes. The crisis came to an end in December 2011 with the inauguration of a new federal government which agreed on partition of the BHV district and on policies aimed at tackling the economic downturn.
The crisis broke out in the summer of 2007, following the electoral victory of the alliance of the Flemish Christian Democrats and the New Flemish Alliance, who supported a wide-reaching state reform and the immediate split of BHV. After 194 days of often heated negotiations, parties finally succeeded in forming a new government. In December 2008, another crisis related to the Fortis case, erupted, again destabilising the country and resulting in the resignation of Belgian Prime Minister Yves Leterme. The new Herman Van Rompuy-led government brought a brief period of fragile stability, but ended when Van Rompuy left his office to become the first full-term President of the European Council. The succeeding Leterme II Government fell in April 2010 over the lack of progress on resolving the BHV issue.
New elections were held in June 2010, where the separatist and conservative New Flemish Alliance won a landslide victory in Flanders, while the pro-unity Socialist Party won the elections in French-speaking Belgium. Due to the major differences between the two winning parties on a community and social-economic level, government negotiations and formation took a total of 541 days, breaking the world government formation record of 249 days, previously set by Iraq in 2010. On 13 September 2011 it was reported that Leterme aims to take up a new job as deputy secretary general of the OECD in 2012, although that it seemed to be unlikely at that time that he'd leave the post as the head of the caretaker government before the end of the year. However, a new government was sworn in on 6 December 2011 with Elio Di Rupo as Prime Minister.
2007 federal elections and aftermath.
Federal elections.
Of the Flemish parties, the alliance of Christian Democratic and Flemish (CD&V) and the New-Flemish Alliance (N-VA) received an increased share of the vote from the previous election, held in 2003. The CD&V/N-VA list was headed by Yves Leterme, and became the largest political formation in Belgium, thus leading the coalition talks for a new government. The list campaigned heavily on the need for a far-reaching reform of the Belgian state.
In French-speaking Belgium, the liberal Reformist Movement managed to defeat the long-dominant Socialist Party (PS), although the PS remained strong.
Formation negotiations.
After the election, a Christian democratic and liberal coalition was proposed. Because of the differing views on the need for a state reform on both sides of the language border, it took the parties 196 days, i.e. over 6 months, following the election, to form an interim government. That set a record as the longest Belgian government formation that has been broken by the 2010 formation.
Verhofstadt III.
On 17 December 2007, incumbent Prime Minister of Belgium Guy Verhofstadt was asked by the King of the Belgians Albert II to start the formation of an interim government that would last until 23 March 2008, when Leterme would take over. Belgium's political uncertainty intensified when Yves Leterme was hospitalised on February 2008. He remained in the hospital for several days but it was soon made clear that his health would not prevent him from assuming premiership.
A first preliminary deal was reached on 25 February 2008. It was agreed that some powers over industrial policy and housing would be transferred from the federal government to the regions. Measures would also be taken to strengthen inter-region cooperation; a second package of devolution changes would then be passed before the summer recess.
Leterme I.
An official coalition agreement was signed on 18 March 2008. Yves Leterme was sworn in on 20 March 2008. In the late hours of 14 July 2008, after months of negotiations regarding the constitutional reform and electoral arrondissement Brussels-Halle-Vilvoorde failed and with the deadline of 15 July 2008 within reach, Leterme offered the resignation of his cabinet to King Albert II. After a series of consultations, King Albert II decided to reject Prime Minister Leterme's resignation on 17 July. The royal palace said that the King had asked two senior French-speaking politicians, Ministers of State François-Xavier de Donnea (MR) and Raymond Langendries (CdH), and the Minister-President of the German-speaking Community, Karl-Heinz Lambertz (SP), to establish how to start talks about institutional reform. They reported back to the King on 19 September 2008 with a one-page report so that neither of the communities would back out of the negotiations. Only a few hours later, Didier Reynders angered the Dutch-speaking politicians with controversial statements and so sparked a crisis within the Flemish government. On 21 September 2008, the N-VA withdrew its parliamentary support for the federal government, saying that the 15-month long negotiations had failed to result in state reform. The withdrawal of support plunged the country into another crisis. Under pressure of the socialist and liberal coalition partners, the only N-VA minister in the Flemish government (Geert Bourgeois) resigned his post.
On 19 December 2008, Leterme again offered the resignation of the government to the king, who accepted the offer on 22 December. The resignation was offered after news broke out that the government had tried to intervene in the verdict of the Fortis case.
Formation negotiations.
After the resignation of Leterme and his cabinet, the King consulted various dignitaries and party leaders. He then appointed Wilfried Martens, a former prime minister and president of the European People's Party, to consult the various political parties and pave the way to a new "emergency" cabinet. The general consensus is that a government should run until the regional and European Parliament elections in June 2009 or, if possible, until the next federal election in 2011. On 28 December, King Albert II gave Herman Van Rompuy the task of forming a new government, which would include the current ruling parties. Van Rompuy and his government were sworn in on 30 December 2008.
Leterme II.
On 24 April 2010, the government of Yves Leterme (who had replaced Van Rompuy again when Van Rompuy became President of the European Council) fell over the Brussels-Halle-Vilvoorde issue.
2010 federal elections and aftermath.
Federal elections.
An early election was held on 13 June 2010, resulting in the New Flemish Alliance (N-VA) winning most votes in the Flemish-speaking areas and the Socialist Party (PS) in French-speaking Belgium. Nationally the two parties were almost even with 27 seats for the N-VA and 26 for the PS, the remaining seats being split between ten other parties. Until 541 days after the elections, no agreement could be reached among the parties on a coalition to form a new government and during that period the country continued to be governed by an interim government. On 6 December 2011 the Di Rupo I Government was sworn in.
Formation negotiators.
The various political parties had not succeeded in forming a new government for 541 days, which broke the 2007 record of the longest period without a government. During that period several people had made failed attempts to create an agreement, until Elio Di Rupo finally succeeded (in chronological order and all appointed by the King):
Provisions and speculation on the possible partition of Belgium.
Towards the end of July 2011 party leaders of the separatist Walloon Rally (which does not have any seats in parliament) have had talks with the Union for a Popular Movement party of French President Nicolas Sarkozy and the French Socialists resulting that, in the event of the split with Flanders, Wallonia could become the 28th region of France. A poll of the French daily newspaper Le Figaro suggests that around half of Walloons and around 66% of French Republic citizens favour this plan. Most Walloon parties have not been campaigning to become part of the French Republic as a solution to the political crisis but state that this would be the best outcome in the event of the partition of Belgium, with the exception of the Walloon Rally who have been campaigning for partition and accession to the French Republic since 1968.
The Belgian minister for Climate and Energy, Paul Magnette, also suggested to incorporate Wallonia into Germany instead of France if the crisis in Belgium were to escalate. Although over 71,000 people on the Walloon-German border speak German as their first language, the vast majority of Walloons are French speakers. Thus arises the possibility that, if Wallonia had become part of France, the German-speaking towns might have been absorbed by Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="18452083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18452083" title="Igor Ponomaryov">
Igor Ponomaryov

Igor Anatolyevich Ponomaryov () (born 24 February 1960 in Baku) is a retired Soviet football player and currently manager of the Khazar Lankaran.
International career.
Ponomaryov played his only game for USSR on 4 December 1980 in a friendly against Argentina.
Personal life.
He is the father of Anatoli Ponomarev. Both hold Swedish passports.

</doc>
<doc id="18452091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18452091" title="Vasas">
Vasas

Vasas may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18452117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18452117" title="Lake Kegonsa State Park">
Lake Kegonsa State Park

Lake Kegonsa State Park is a state park of Wisconsin, United States, on the northeast shore of Lake Kegonsa. It is located in Dane County southeast of Madison, Wisconsin. The park consists of forest, prairie, and wetlands. Known for its campground, beach, and approximately of hiking trails, the park offers swimming, fishing, water-skiing, sailing, and a boat landing.
Lake Kegonsa itself covers and is more than deep. It was created by a glacier during the last ice age approximately 12,000 years ago.

</doc>
<doc id="18452189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18452189" title="Emeishan City">
Emeishan City

Emeishan () is a county-level city in Sichuan province, People's Republic of China. It is administered by the prefecture-level city Leshan. Its population in 1990 stood at 396,445. It is named after Mount Emei, a famous mountain located within its administration. 

</doc>
<doc id="18452196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18452196" title="George W. Schuyler">
George W. Schuyler

George Washington Schuyler (February 2, 1810 Stillwater, Saratoga County, New York - February 1, 1888 Ithaca, Tompkins County, New York) was an American businessman, author and politician.
Life.
His family moved to Ithaca, N.Y., in 1811. There he worked on the family farm, and attended the public schools. At age sixteen, he began to work at a drugstore and learned this trade. In 1834 he enrolled at New York University and graduated in 1837. Afterwards he returned to Ithaca, N.Y., and opened his own drugstore.
In 1848, he entered politics as a Free Soiler, and was Trustee of the Village of Ithaca for two years. In 1855, he was among the founders of the Republican Party in Tompkins County. He was a delegate to the 1860 and 1864 Republican National Conventions. 
He was New York State Treasurer from 1864 to 1865, elected on the Union ticket nominated by the Republicans and War Democrats. He was Superintendent of the New York State Banking Department from 1866 to 1871. 
In 1872, he joined the Liberal Republicans, and later became a Democrat. He was a member of the New York State Assembly (Tompkins Co.) in 1875. Afterwards he was appointed by Governor Samuel J. Tilden as Auditor of the Canal Department.
He was a Trustee of Cornell University from its foundation, and Treasurer from 1868 to 1874.
In 1885, he published "Colonial New York: Philip Schuyler and His Family" (Charles Scribner's Sons; 2 volumes).
Writer and diplomat Eugene Schuyler (1840–1890) was his son.

</doc>
<doc id="18452199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18452199" title="Gujiao">
Gujiao

Gujiao () is a county-level city in Shanxi province, People's Republic of China. It is administered by the prefecture-level city Taiyuan. Gujiao's population in 1990 stood at 173,022. Its estimated current population is 210,000.

</doc>
<doc id="18452203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18452203" title="Huaying">
Huaying

Huaying () is a county-level city in Sichuan province, People's Republic of China. It is administered by the prefecture-level city Guang'an. Its total population is 360 000 and with 50000 in the central city district. The city tree is the small leafed banyan and the city flower is the azalea.

</doc>
<doc id="18452214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18452214" title="Uzuntala">
Uzuntala

Uzuntala may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18452219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18452219" title="Said I Loved You...But I Lied">
Said I Loved You...But I Lied

"Said I Loved You...But I Lied" is a song by the American pop music singer Michael Bolton. The song was co-written and co-produced by Bolton and Robert John "Mutt" Lange. 
Released as the first single from his multi-platinum 1993 album "The One Thing", the song reached the Top 40 in November 1993 and eventually became Bolton's seventh and most recent Top 10 hit on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart when it peaked at number six in early 1994. The song also spent twelve weeks at number one on the "Billboard" Hot Adult Contemporary Tracks chart, the singer's eighth chart-topper on this tally. The single was certified Gold by the Recording Industry Association of America and earned Bolton a Grammy nomination in the category Best Male Pop Vocal performance at the 37th Grammy Awards.
Outside the U.S., "Said I Loved You..." peaked at number two on the ARIA Charts in Australia, reached number 15 on the UK Singles Chart and number 13 on the New Zealand Charts.
In 2011, Bolton performed a duet version of this ballad for his compilation album, "Gems: The Duets Album" with Agnes Monica.
Music video.
The video was shot in Phoenix, Arizona and was directed by Rebecca Blake.

</doc>
<doc id="18452233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18452233" title="Onut">
Onut

Onut may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18452234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18452234" title="Prawdzic coat of arms">
Prawdzic coat of arms

Prawdzic (Prawdzik) - is a Polish Coat of Arms. It was used by the nobility clans and later szlachta families in the times of the Kingdom of Poland (1385–1569) and Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth.
Notable bearers.
Notable bearers of this Coat of Arms include:

</doc>
<doc id="18452240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18452240" title="Suffragia">
Suffragia

Suffragia was the practice of buying and selling provincial governorships in the early Byzantine Empire. Suffragia was prohibited by Justinian I in 535 AD. 

</doc>
<doc id="18452268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18452268" title="Khadija Mosque">
Khadija Mosque

Khadija Mosque (), is a mosque located in Heinersdorf, Pankow, Berlin. It is the property of the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community, and the first mosque in the former East Germany, opening on October 16, 2008. The mosque has a high minaret and can hold 500 worshippers. The mosque was financed by funds collected by Ahmadiyya women and the design was done by the architect Mubashra Ilyas.
Another mosque was built in Berlin between 1924 and 1928 by the Lahore Ahmadiyya Movement.
History.
The Ahmadiyya Muslim Jamaat had already tried to build their first mosque in Europe in Berlin in the 1920s According to the wish of the second Khalifa the women of the community collected all the funds for the mosque from their own resources. However, due to the financial crisis in Germany the plan had to be given up. Instead, the money was used for the construction of the Fazl Mosque in London. Under the 100-Mosques-Plan of the community in Germany, the project was revived and a new mosque was planned in Berlin. The Khadija mosque is the first mosque in the eastern part of Berlin.
Construction.
The foundation stone for the mosque was laid down on 2. January 2007 by the 5th Khalifa of the community, Mirza Masroor Ahmad. The mosque is built on a piece of land which is 4790 m² large. It consists of two stories. There are two prayer rooms, for 250 women and 250 men each. The mosque was designed by the architect of the community, Mubashra Ilyas. The construction was overseen by the architect company Pakdel. The dome of the mosque is 4.5 meter in height and has a diameter of 9 meters. The minaret of the mosque is 13 meter high. The costs for the construction of the mosque and a building for housing for the Imam and a "servant of the mosque" and offices were about €1.7 million.

</doc>
<doc id="18452309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18452309" title="Capotille">
Capotille

Capotille (Creole: "Kapotiy") is a municipality in the Ouanaminthe Arrondissement, in the Nord-Est Department of Haiti.
It has 15,086 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="18452315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18452315" title="Am'ari">
Am'ari

al-Am'ari Refugee Camp () is a Palestinian refugee camp in the Ramallah and al-Bireh Governorate, located 2 kilometers South of Ramallah in the central West Bank. According to the Palestinian Central Bureau of Statistics (PCBS), the Camp had a population of 5,719 inhabitants in mid-year 2006. The al-Am'ari camp has 10,377 registered refugees. The al-Am'ari camp was established in 1949 on 90 dunums within the municipal boundaries of al-Bireh. By 1957, all tents in the camp were replaced with cement block shelters. Like most of the West Bank camps, Amari suffers from overcrowding, poor sewerage and water networks. The camp falls in under Palestinian Authority control. The refugee camp has 2 schools, the boys school has 1250 pupils and the girls school has 970 pupils.
The al-Am'ari camp's football team has won the Palestine football championship several times and has been designated to represent Palestine in regional and international competitions.

</doc>
<doc id="18452328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18452328" title="Caracol, Nord-Est">
Caracol, Nord-Est

Caracol (Creole: "Karakòl") is a municipality in the Trou-du-Nord Arrondissement, in the Nord-Est Department of Haiti.
It has 6,236 inhabitants.
Caracol was a poverty-stricken fishing village on the north coast of Haiti. It was one of the poorest villages in the country.
Caracol Industrial Park.
In 2012 the Caracol Industrial Park was built on a square mile, 600 acre, 246 hectare, site near Carocol. The $300 million project, which includes a 10-megawatt power plant, road, a water-treatment plant, worker housing in neighboring communities, and development of a port in nearby Fort-Liberté, was built with hurricane relief funds, a loan from the Inter-American Development Bank, contributions by the United States government, and The Clinton Foundation. Bill Clinton and Hillary Clinton, United States Secretary of State, played central roles in supporting and promoting the project. The anchor tenant is SNH Global, S.A, a subsidiary of Sae-A Trading Co. Ltd, Sae-A, a global clothing manufacturer headquartered in South Korea. It will begin operations in the fall of 2012; a work force of 20,000 is projected. The eventual workforce is projected to approach 65,000 and result in a tenfold expansion of population in the area to about 300,000 from its present 30,000. Social and environmental disruption is anticipated as the result of this hastily-planned project.

</doc>
<doc id="18452340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18452340" title="Carice">
Carice

Carice (Creole: "Karis") is a municipality in the Vallières Arrondissement, in the Nord-Est Department of Haiti.
It has 10,180 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="18452349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18452349" title="Aleksandr Prokopenko">
Aleksandr Prokopenko

Aleksandr Timofeyevich Prokopenko (, November 16, 1953 – March 29, 1989) was a Soviet football player. After retiring he suffered from alcoholism, he died from choking on food in a restaurant age 35.
Part of Eduard Malofeev's Dinamo Minsk side which preached 'sincere football', Prokopenko was the flawed genius that made them tick. He carried a speech impediment, because of which he refused to ever undertake an interview. Despite that he was a firm fans' favourite because his thirst for alcohol meant he drank alongside the supporters. He was technically astute and had the vision to unlock defences and, despite the level at which he drank, was always willing to run his heart out for an entire match.
International career.
Prokopenko played his only game for USSR on July 12, 1980 in a friendly against Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="18452374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18452374" title="Ferrier, Nord-Est">
Ferrier, Nord-Est

Ferrier (Creole: "Ferye") is a municipality in the Fort-Liberté Arrondissement, in the Nord-Est Department of Haiti.
It has 13,096 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="18452382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18452382" title="Kate Felus">
Kate Felus

Kate Felus (born 1971) is a designed-landscape historian. She studied at University of Warwick and University of Bristol. 
Her specialist subject area is the social history of 18th-century gardens and their buildings.
From 1996 to 2001 Kate was Garden Historian at Stowe, the 18th-century landscape garden, where the National Trust is undertaking a massive restoration programme begun in 1990. Her role included being part of the Stowe Restoration Team, providing specialist research to aid with the production of a series of Conservation Plans that addressed the individual character areas within the formal gardens and wider parkland. The historic research directly influenced and guided a programme of archaeological investigations that were critical to ensuring that the restoration of each character area was accurate and appropriate. 
She was a trustee of Hestercombe Gardens surrounding Hestercombe House and has also been involved with buildings conservation both at Stowe and as Project Co-ordinator for the National Trust’s first restoration of a Modernist building, the Erno Goldfinger House at 2 Willow Road, Hampstead.
Recent publications on garden conservation have discussed the landscapes of Blenheim Palace, Dunster Castle, Croome Court and Westbury Court. Her doctoral thesis (University of Bristol, 2009) is entitled "Beautiful objects and agreeable retreats: Uses of Garden Buildings in the designed landscape in 18th-century England".
She is the partner of British sculptor Jon Edgar. She has one son, born 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="18452388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18452388" title="List of independent bookstores in the United States">
List of independent bookstores in the United States

This is a list of independent bookstores in the United States, both current and defunct. All of these have (or had), in addition to any associated online sites, physical ("brick-and-mortar") locations. Stores which have gone out of business are denoted with a dagger (†).

</doc>
<doc id="18452392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18452392" title="Mombin-Crochu">
Mombin-Crochu

Mombin-Crochu (Creole: "Monben Kwochi") is a municipality in the Vallières Arrondissement, in the Nord-Est Department of Haiti.
It has 25,113 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="18452413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18452413" title="Monical's Pizza">
Monical's Pizza

Monical's Pizza is an American regional pizza chain which, in 2007, consisted of 60 locations in Illinois, Indiana and Wisconsin. About half of the locations are franchised, while the others are owned by the corporation. Monical's is known for its thin crust pizza, topped with garlic salt and basil, which customers often dip into the famous Monical's Sweet and Tart French dressing, and is cut into small squares (about 1.5 inches square) rather than wedges.
History.
The company was founded in 1959 by the Monical family in Tolono, Illinois. The corporate office is located in Bradley, Illinois.

</doc>
<doc id="18452419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18452419" title="Mont-Organisé">
Mont-Organisé

Mont-Organisé (Creole: "Montòganize") is a municipality in the Ouanaminthe Arrondissement, in the Nord-Est Department of Haiti.
It has 17,189 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="18452423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18452423" title="Gauhati (Lok Sabha constituency)">
Gauhati (Lok Sabha constituency)

Gauhati is a Lok Sabha constituency in Assam.
Assembly segments.
Gauhati Lok Sabha constituency is composed of the following assembly segments:

</doc>
<doc id="18452425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18452425" title="HMS Belle Poule (1806)">
HMS Belle Poule (1806)

HMS "Belle Poule was a Royal Navy fifth rate frigate, formerly Belle Poule", a "Virginie"-class frigate of the French Navy, which was built by the Crucy family's shipyard at Basse-Indre to a design by Jacques-Noël Sané. She was launched on 17 April 1802, and saw active service in the East, but in 1806 a British squadron under Sir John Borlase Warren captured "Belle Poule". The Admiralty commissioned her into the Royal Navy, keeping her name. She was sold in 1816.
French Navy service.
In March 1803, she joined the fleet of Rear-Admiral Charles-Alexandre Léon Durand Linois, whose mission was to re-take the colonies of the Indian Ocean, given to English at the peace of Amiens. The fleet included the 74-gun ship of the line "Marengo", the frigates "Atalante", "Belle Poule" and "Sémillante", troop ships and cargoes with food and ammunition.
On 15 June 1803 "Belle Poule" landed troops at Pondichéry in India. The French fleet however, left the next day and the troops surrendered in September.
At the beginning of November, the division set sail for Batavia to protect the Dutch colonies. En route, Linois destroyed the English counters in Bencoolen, capturing five ships, and sailed for the South China Sea, where the China Fleet of the British East India Company was expected. The fleets met in the Battle of Pulo Aura, but the greater numbers and aggressive action of the British East Indiamen, some of whom flew Royal Navy flags, drove the French away. Linois returned to Batavia. He dispatched "Atalante" and "Belle Poule" to the Gulf of Bengal, where "Belle Poule" captured a few ships before returning to Ile de France.
In 1805 and 1806, "Belle Poule" and some other ships of the division cruised the African coast between the Red Sea and the Cape of Good Hope, capturing some ships. At the Action of 13 March 1806, Linois met with the division of Vice-Admiral Sir John Warren, with seven ships of the line (including the 108-gun "London", the 82-gun "Ramilles" and "Repulse", and the 80-gun "Foudroyant"), two frigates (including the 48-gun "Amazon") and one corvette. After a fierce duel with "London", "Marengo" struck her colours; "Belle Poule" battled against "Amazon" and later against "Ramillies", and had to surrender as well.
At the time of her capture "Belle Polue" was armed with 40 18-pounder guns, had a crew of 320 men, and was under the command of Captain Brouillac. "Marengo" and "Belle Poule" had lost 65 men killed and 80 wounded. The British on "London" and "Amazon" had 13 officers and men killed and 26 officers and men wounded.
Royal Navy service.
Adriatic.
She entered service under the same name in 1808 under captain James Brisbane, joining the forces operating in the Adriatic campaign of 1807-1814 off Corfu, successfully blockading the island. In February 1809 Brisbane captured the storeship "Var" in a raid on the harbour at Valona; the British then used her as a storeship too. "Var" was anchored under he guns of two fortresses that nevertheless did not fire their guns, leaving "Belle Poule" free to concentrate her fire on the French vessel. "Var" was pierced for 32 guns but only had twenty-two 9-pounder guns and four 24-pounder carronades mounted. She had a crew of 200 men and was under the command of Capitaine de Frigate Palin, however Brisbane was unable to ascertain her losses as her crew abandoned her as she struck. She had been sailing from Corfu for any port in Italy that she could reach.
Between 2 and 12 October of the same year "Belle Poule" was involved in the invasions of the Ionian Islands of Cerigo, Cephalonia, and Zante, and would share in the booty captured there.
On 10 March 1810 "Belle Poule" captured the "Charlotta".
Then a British force attacked the fortress of Santa Maura, which was a French strongpoint off Greece's west coast. "Belle Poule"s marines formed part of the assault on the enemy's lines; the fortress surrendered on 16 April 1810. "Belle Poule" had one man, Lieutenant Morrison, of the Royal Marines, wounded at this time. In all, during the siege of Santa Maura, from 31 March to 10 April, "Belle Poule" suffered six men wounded.
On 21 August 1810 "Belle Poule" captured the "Saint Nicholo". Then on 11 December, "Belle Poule" captured the Italian brig "Carlotta", pierced for 14 guns but with only 10 mounted. She had a crew of 100 men and when captured was sailing from Venice to Corfu. and shared in the prize money for the hull. At around the same time "Belle Poule" also assisted at the capture of a French schooner on the Dalmatian Coast.
On 30 January 1811 "Belle Poule", , and shared in the capture and destruction of the Italian man-of-war schooner "Leoben". "Leoben" was sailing along the Albanian coast from Venice to Corfu with a cargo of ordnance stores when the British caught her. She was armed with ten guns and a crew of 60 men. Her own crew set her on fire and she subsequently blew up.
From 4–5 May 1811, "Belle Poule" participated with "Alceste" in an attack on Parenza (Istria). They chased a French 18-gun brig into the harbour but the ships could not close enough to bombard her. Instead, the two vessels landed 200 seamen and all their marines on an island nearby. They then landed two 9-pounders and two howitzers, which they placed in one battery, and a field piece that they placed further away. Eventually, they and the French in Parenza engaged in five hours of mutual bombardment, during which the British were able to sink the brig. They then returned men and cannons to their ships. In the action "Belle Poule" had one man killed and three wounded and "Alceste" had two men killed; all casualties occurred onshore.
"Belle Poule" then returned to Britain to join the Channel Fleet. On 22 December 1811, "Belle Poule" and captured and destroyed two chasse marees.
War of 1812.
During 1812 "Belle Poule" patrolled the Western Approaches, capturing numerous American merchant vessels and privateers. On 27 January she detained and sent in the "Spy" from New York. Then she captured the "Prudentia" on 31 January and the "Don Roderick" on 16 February. At the capture of the "Don Roderick", "Belle Poule" was in company with , and .
On 30 April 1812, "Belle Poule" and captured the American privateer schooner "Gipsy" or "Gipsey", out of New York, in the middle of the Atlantic and after a three-day chase. "Gipsey" surrendered twice to "Hermes" and twice got away again before "Belle Poule" caught her. "Gipsey" was of 300 tons and was armed with twelve 18-pounder carronades and an 18-pounder gun on a pivot mount.
On 26 May, "Belle Poule" captured the "General Gates" while in company with "Dryad" and . shared by agreement. Three days later "Armide" captured the "Purse", and "Belle Poule" shared by agreement.
In September 1812 George Harris replaced Brisbane and over the next year "Belle Poule" captured several American vessels, including four privateers. and "Belle Poule" captured the "Mars" and her cargo, on 26 February 1813. On 11 March, "Belle Poule" and the privateer "Earl St Vincent" captured the American ship "John and Francis", of 220 tons, two guns and 16 men. She was sailing from Bordeaux to New York with a cargo of brandy and wine.
On 3 April 1813 "Belle Poule" took the "Grand Napoleon" after a chase of nine hours. She was 29 days from New York, carrying a valuable cargo to Bordeaux. She was a new vessel of 305 tons, pierced for 22 guns but carrying only four, and had a crew of 43 men. Harris described her as "copper-fastened, and in every respect one of the finest vessels I ever saw." That same day captured the Prussian vessel "Enigheidt". , "Belle Poule" and "Royalist" shared by agreement. "Belle Poule" also captured the American schooner "Napoleon", which may have been a different vessel than the "Grand Napoleon". With respect to the "Napoleon", "Belle Poule" was in company with "Briton" and the hired armed cutter "Fancy", with "Dispatch" and "Royalist" sharing by agreement.
"Belle Poule" and "Pyramus" took the 10-gun letter of marque schooner "Zebra" and her crew of 38 men on 20 April 1813. "Zebra" was sailing from Bordeaux to New York. At the time of the capture, was in sight. The navy took "Zebra" into service as 
On 11 May "Belle Poule" took the "Revenge" after a chase that lasted from 5 p.m. the previous evening until 2am. "Revenge" was a new vessel, sailing from Charleston to Bordeaux. She had a crew of 32 men and was pierced for 16 guns but carried only four long 9-pounders.
On 20 September "Belle Poule" captured two French chasse marees. the first was the "Roze", of 32 tons and five men, sailing from Bordeaux to Nantes. The second was the "Ambition", of 25 tons and three men, sailing from Bordeaux to Rochelle.
Lastly, on 14 December "Belle Poule" took the brig "Squirrel", which was sailing from Arcasson, in the Gironde, to New York. The brig was of 169 tons, armed with two guns and had a crew of 17 men. "Belle Poule" was in company with and .
In 1814 "Belle Poule" was under Captain Edward Williams. Then she entered the Gironde in Southern France. Before 9 April, a landing party of seamen and marines from "Belle Poule", under Captain George Harris, marched 50 miles, successively entering and destroying the batteries of Pointe Coubre, Pointe Nègre, Royan, Soulac, and Mèche. In all, the landing party destroyed forty-seven 36-pounder guns and seventeen 13" mortars. On his return from this expedition, Harris organized the siege of the fortress at Blaye. Rear Admiral Penrose then had "Belle Poule" sail up the Gironde, "in advance of the advanced squadron".
Following a request from the Duke of Wellington, "Belle Poule" was commissioned as a troopship in June under Captain Francis Baker. She was fitted for that role in August and September. On 15 August she was in Plymouth, having come from Portsmouth with the 93d Regiment of Foot. On 17 September she embarked troops before sailing for Bermuda the next day and then on to New Orleans. The 93rd would then serve at the Battle of New Orleans, where they would take heavy casualties.
"Belle Poule" was part of the flotilla at the battle of New Orleans. In the run-up to that battle her boats participated in the Battle of Lake Borgne on 12–14 December 1814. Her only casualties were two men slightly wounded. Many years later her crew received a distribution of head-money arising from the capture of American gun-boats and sundry bales of cotton at the battle. In 1847, the Admiralty issued the Naval General Service Medal with clasp "14 Dec. Boat Service 1814" to all surviving claimants from the action.
Fate.
"Belle Poule" returned to Portsmouth on 17 May 1815. A week later she sailed for Cork. She was converted to a prison hulk in 1815. She was sold on 11 June 1816 for ₤2,700.
Post script.
In January 1819, the "London Gazette" reported that Parliament had voted a grant to all those who had served under the command of Lord Viscount Keith in 1812, between 1812 and 1814, and in the Gironde. "Belle Poule" was listed among the vessels that had served under Keith in the Gironde.

</doc>
<doc id="18452466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18452466" title="Wilpshire">
Wilpshire

Wilpshire is a village and civil parish in the county of Lancashire, England. It is north of Blackburn, and forms part of the town's semi-urban area, although it is in the Ribble Valley local government district. In the 2001 United Kingdom census, the parish had a population of 2,569.
The village is situated on the A666 Whalley Road, between the Brownhill area of Blackburn and the village of Langho. The local railway station is Ramsgreave and Wilpshire, on the Ribble Valley Line with train services to Blackburn, Manchester and Clitheroe.
The only pub in the village is the Wilpshire Hotel, formerly known as The Red House.
Wilpshire Wanderers is a junior football club that runs competitive teams from Under 9 up to Under 18. The club also encourages participation from younger children from the age of 5 onwards.
Wilpshire Golf Club is a private golf club in the village, was founded in 1890. Originally it was a nine hole course but extended to an eighteen hole course in 1907. James Braid was commissioned to redesign the course. Most of the reconstruction has taken place before 1924. In 1995 the course was altered by a new 17th hole.

</doc>
<doc id="18452475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18452475" title="Perches, Nord-Est">
Perches, Nord-Est

Perches (Creole: "Pèch") is a municipality in the Fort-Liberté Arrondissement, in the Nord-Est Department of Haiti.
It has 8,344 inhabitants.
References.
Test

</doc>
<doc id="18452478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18452478" title="Ohrid Summer Festival">
Ohrid Summer Festival

The Ohrid summer Festival is a festival founded on 4 August 1961, always taking place between 12 July and 20 August in the city of Ohrid, Republic of Macedonia. It is financed by the Ministry of Culture of the Republic of Macedonia and sponsors. The President of the Republic of Macedonia is the patron of the festival. The festival featured prominent artists since 1961, i.e. José Carreras. Since 1994, the festival is a member of the European Festivals Association.Many world renowned musicians like Martina Arroyo,Henryk Szeryng,Ivo Pogorelić,Mstislav Rostropovich,Aldo Ciccolini,Gidon Kremer,Ruggiero Ricci,Viktor Tretiakov,Salvatore Accardo,Elena Obraztsova,Katia Ricciarelli,Victoria de los Ángeles,Maxim Vengerov,Vadim Repin,Julian Rachlin and many other have perfomed at Ohridski Leto.

</doc>
<doc id="18452501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18452501" title="Terrier-Rouge">
Terrier-Rouge

Terrier-Rouge (Creole: "Tèrye Wouj") is a municipality in the Trou-du-Nord Arrondissement, in the Nord-Est Department of Haiti.
It has 21,328 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="18452505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18452505" title="Edward Northey">
Edward Northey

Edward Northey may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18452514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18452514" title="Exim Bank of China">
Exim Bank of China

The Export-Import Bank of China (China Exim Bank) () is one of three institutional banks in China chartered to implement the state policies in industry, foreign trade, diplomacy, economy, and provide policy financial support so as to promote the export of Chinese products and services. Established in 1994, the bank is subordinated to the State Council.
Mission.
The focus of the bank is to promote foreign trade and investment as well as development assistance in concessional funding. It exists within a universe of other Chinese institutions with that mission including China Development Bank and Sinosure but is distinguished by its role as the sole provider of Chinese government concessional loans. Exim is not limited though to concessional funding and commercial operations form the backbone of the bank. Commercial activity includes export credits mainly in the infrastructure fields (roads, power plants, oil and gas pipelines, telecom, and water projects) and investment loans for Chinese businesses to establish overseas in the energy, mining and industrial sectors.
Exim does not publish figures for overseas loans. However, U.S. officials estimate that it finances more than the total export financing of the Group of Seven industrialized nations combined. "The Financial Times" estimates that in 2009 and 2010, China Eximbank and China Development Bank (CDB) together signed loans of at least $110 billion to other developing country governments and companies, more than the World Bank over a similar period.
Rival export financing institutions that have seen a decline in influence, such as the U.S. Export-Import Bank through Chairman Fred Hochberg, have complained that Exim of China doesn't follow the export financing guidelines promulgated by the OECD and so has an unfair advantage.
Organizational structure.
Business Branches.
There are a total of 21 branches of the bank. 

</doc>
<doc id="18452517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18452517" title="Trou-du-Nord">
Trou-du-Nord

Trou-du-Nord (Creole: "Twou dinò") is a municipality in the Trou-du-Nord Arrondissement, in the Nord-Est Department of Haiti.
It has 37,405 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="18452528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18452528" title="Nelson Dewey State Park">
Nelson Dewey State Park

Nelson Dewey State Park is a Wisconsin state park on the Mississippi River. The land was once part of the Stonefield estate of Nelson Dewey, the state's first governor.

</doc>
<doc id="18452532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18452532" title="Vallières, Nord-Est">
Vallières, Nord-Est

Vallières (Creole: "Valyè") is a municipality in the Vallières Arrondissement, in the Nord-Est Department of Haiti.
It has 17,470 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="18452566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18452566" title="Anse-à-Foleur">
Anse-à-Foleur

Anse-à-Foleur (Creole: "Ansafolè") is a municipality in the Saint-Louis-du-Nord Arrondissement, in the Nord-Ouest Department of Haiti.
It has 16,560 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="18452567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18452567" title="UC Santa Barbara Gauchos men's soccer professionals">
UC Santa Barbara Gauchos men's soccer professionals

A list of the players from the UC Santa Barbara Gauchos men's soccer team to play soccer professionally as well as how they left UC Santa Barbara. Players in bold have senior international caps.

</doc>
<doc id="18452579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18452579" title="Étival">
Étival

Étival may refer to several communes in France:

</doc>
<doc id="18452583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18452583" title="Water polo at the 2004 Summer Olympics – Women's tournament">
Water polo at the 2004 Summer Olympics – Women's tournament

The women's water polo tournament at the 2004 Summer Olympics was contested between August 16 and August 26 at the Olympic Aquatic Centre in the Athens Olympic Sports Complex. Eight teams qualified for the Games, with Italy defeating the host nation Greece for the gold medal. The United States won the bronze medal.
Format.
The eight qualifying teams were split into two groups of four for the preliminary round, which was played in a round-robin format. The top teams in each group advanced directly to the semi-finals, while second and third place teams advanced to the quarter-finals. Classification matches were also played to determine the final ranking for all teams.

</doc>
<doc id="18452592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18452592" title="Baie-de-Henne">
Baie-de-Henne

Baie-de-Henne (Creole: "Be de Hèn") is a municipality in the Môle-Saint-Nicolas Arrondissement, in the Nord-Ouest Department of Haiti.
It has 17,277 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="18452599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18452599" title="Yuri Pudyshev">
Yuri Pudyshev

Yuri Alekseyevich Pudyshev () (born 3 April 1954 in Kaliningrad) is a retired Soviet and Belarusian football player and a current manager.
Since 1997 he worked closely with Yuri Puntus, following him to every team as an assistant coach. He also continues active lifestyle and in 2000s he briefly resumed his playing career twice, coming as substitute player in cup game for MTZ-RIPO Minsk in 2007 and again in a league game for Dinamo Brest in 2010, setting a record for oldest player in both competitions.
International career.
Pudyshev played his only game for USSR on March 28, 1984 in a friendly against West Germany. 

</doc>
<doc id="18452612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18452612" title="Bassin-Bleu">
Bassin-Bleu

Bassin-Bleu (Creole: "Basen Ble") is a municipality in the Port-de-Paix Arrondissement, in the Nord-Ouest Department of Haiti.
It has 33,926 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="18452613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18452613" title="Cycas media">
Cycas media

Cycas media is a palm-like tall shrub native to woodlands of Queensland, Australia. The leathery, thick leaves are divided and grow from the center in a palm-like arrangement. All plant parts are considered highly toxic. However, the seeds are eaten by Aborigines after careful and extensive preparation to remove the toxins.

</doc>
<doc id="18452628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18452628" title="Arts of Mankind">
Arts of Mankind

The Arts of Mankind (in French "L’Univers des formes"), an ambitious series of art history survey books founded in 1960 for the French publisher Gallimard by André Malraux, who edited many of the volumes. Over 40 volumes have appeared to date; roughly half have been translated into English, as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="18452630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18452630" title="Chansolme">
Chansolme

Chansolme (Creole: "Chansòl") is a municipality in the Port-de-Paix Arrondissement, in the Nord-Ouest Department of Haiti.
It has 9,561 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="18452641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18452641" title="Jean-Rabel">
Jean-Rabel

Jean-Rabel (Creole: "Jan Rabèl") is a city located west of the city of Port de Paix and east of the city of Mole st Niclas Môle-Saint-Nicolas Arrondissement, in the Nord-Ouest Department of Haiti.
It has 125,745 inhabitants.
The city of Jean-Rabel is the most important in the western area of the Department. It has an area of 471.77 km² (184.51 square mile). It is located at Latitude 19°52′ N and Longitude 73°11′ W. It is bordered by the Atlantic Ocean on the North side, the District of Môle Saint Nicolas on the West side, the District of Port-de-Paix on the East side, and the City of Anse-Rouge in the Department of Artibonite on the South side.
La ville de Jean-Rabel share its name with the Town (French: Ville) of Jean-Rabel which is a major metropolitan business area. The city of Jean-Rabel is 23 mi/37 km WSW of Port-de-Paix and 155.35 mi/250 km North of Port-au-Prince. The City also share its name with the river: La riviere de Jean-Rabel.
SUB-DIVISION
Jean-Rabel's territory is divided into seven (7) sections and the town (French: Ville, le Bourg) of Jean-Rabel:
1. LACOMA
2. GUINAUDEE
3. VIELLE HATTE
4. LA MONTAGNE
5. DESSOURCES
6. GRANDE SOURCE
7. DIONDION
MOUNTAIN RANGES
Jean-Rabel's territory contains two mountain ranges: the Saint Nicolas mountain range, located in the central part has the two highest altitude point (The Pic Morvan, 800 meters high; Mount Château, 840 meters high), and the Jean-Rabel mountain range with the highest point is 850 meters.
Did You Know?
The Republic of Haïti has three places with the name of Jean Rabel:
1.- Jean-Rabel in the North-West Department. (Lat 19°52′ N Long 73°11′W)
2.- Jean Rabel in the North-East Department. (Lat 19°26′ N Long 71°47′W)
3.- Jean Rabel in the South-East Department. (Lat 18° N Long 72° W)

</doc>
<doc id="18452647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18452647" title="Downtown Historic District">
Downtown Historic District

Downtown Historic District may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18452651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18452651" title="Pedro Luis de Borja Lanzol de Romaní">
Pedro Luis de Borja Lanzol de Romaní

Pedro Luis de Borja Lanzol de Romaní, O.S.Io.Hieros. (1472–1511) was a Roman Catholic cardinal and cardinal-nephew and papal military leader. He received a wide variety of "sinecure"s during the papacy of his great-uncle, Pope Alexander VI, but was exiled to Naples on the election of Borja rival Pope Julius II. Borja also fought with the Knights Hospitaller in Jerusalem and Rhodes.
Early life.
He was born in Valencia, Spain, the third of the eight children of Jofré de Borja Lanzol de Romaní and Juana Moncada in 1472. In his early military career, he became a Knight of the Order of St. John of Jerusalem and Knight of Rhodes. When he tried to take Fray Francisco de Boxols's post as the priorate of the Order in Cataluña in 1498, Ferdinand II of Aragon ("Fernando the Catholic") through his ambassador in Rome attempted to have Borja's appointment annulled; Borja was instead made prior of the Order in Santa Eufemia.
Cardinal and bishop.
On March 20, 1500, his grand uncle Pope Alexander VI created him cardinal deacon "in pectore"; Borja's cardinalate was published during another consistory on September 28, 1500 and he was formally given the red hat on October 2, 1500; effective October 5, 1500, his deaconry was S. Maria in Via Lata.
While already a cardinal, Borja was elected archbishop of Valencia, a post he would hold until his death, on July 29, 1500, succeeding his brother, Juan. Bojia would never visit the diocese as archbishop; instead he took possession of it through a procurator, Guillem Ramón de Centelles, on August 29, 1500. There is no evidence that he was ever consecrated, although he received the post of penitentiary major on the condition that he receive priestly ordination, which he did in 1502, assuming the post on December 7, 1503; he would remain penitentiary until his death. After his ordination, he became cardinal priest S. Marcello on December 7, 1503, retaining his deaconry (and its revenues) "in commendam".
Through the influence of his grand uncle, Borja also was given the titles of Governor of Spoleto (August 10, 1500), Governor of Bagnoregio, Abbot "commendatario" of the Cistercian monastery of Valdigna, and of the Benedictine monastery of S. Simpliciano in Milan. Alexander VI's bull creating the University of Valencia on January 23, 1501 is attributed to Borja's influence.
When Borja reached Rome on June 17, 1501 (through the "Popolo" gate), he was received by his brother Rodrigo, the captain of the Palatine Guard.
After the death of Alexander VI.
As a cardinal elector, he participated in the papal conclaves of September and October 1503. The latter elected Pope Julius II, despite the opposition of Borja, and Julius II proceeded to detain Cesare Borgia, causing Pedro to flee Rome on December 20, 1503, along with Cardinal Francisco de Remolins. With him he came to Naples.
Julius II invited Borja to return to Rome on January 2, 1504, and freed his brother Cesare from jail so that he could join him in Naples in April. A February 3, 1504, letter from the Spanish monarchs to their ambassador in Rome inquired whether the pope was amenable to Borja and Remolins in Naples, shortly after which rumors of Borja circulated in Spain. He later became the archpriest of the Basilica di Santa Maria Maggiore in Rome (May 1510). King Fernando wrote again requesting that a successor archbishop be named without his nomination. Upon hearing similarly false news of the death of Julius II, Borja and Remolins together set out for Rome.
Borja died on October 4, 1511, by falling from a horse while returning from Rome to Naples. He was buried in the church of S. Pier Celestino in Rome without a funerary monument.

</doc>
<doc id="18452693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18452693" title="Theresianum">
Theresianum

Theresianum (Theresian Academy, "Öffentliche Stiftung der Theresianischen Akademie in Wien") is a private boarding school governed by the laws for public schools in Vienna, which was founded by Maria Theresa of Austria in 1746.
History.
Early history (1614–1746).
In 1614, the Habsburgs purchased Angerfeldhof, a farmstead located just outside Vienna, and renovated it; "Favorita", as the Habsburgs would call the re-modeled farmstead, became their imperial summer residence and a well-known venue for performances in the second half of the 17th century. Though the residence was burned down in the course of the Battle of Vienna in 1683, a bigger and more glamorous "New Favorita" was rebuilt over the following decades. Three Emperors of the Holy Roman Empire - Leopold I, Joseph I and Charles VI - resided in the castle. When in 1740 Emperor Charles VI died in "New Favorita", his eldest daughter Maria Theresa decided not to enter the building again.
Founding and sustaining Theresianum (1746–1957).
In 1746, Maria Theresa sold the castle to the Jesuits for 30,000 guilders in order to transform it into an educational institution, preparing talented young men for civil service. As stipulated in two founding letters, the newly established “imperial academy” under the auspices of Maria Theresa was based on the principles of strict selection, highest pedagogic and scientific standards and instruction in “modern” foreign languages.
In 1773, after Maria Theresa’s son Joseph II had dissolved the religious order of the Society of Jesus, Theresianum was temporarily closed. More than 20 years later, in 1797, Emperor Francis II re-opened Theresianum under the direction of the Piarists. He also completed the building’s present-day neo-classical façade and built ancillary facilities including a swim school. After the 1848 revolution in different parts of Europe, Franz’ successor, Franz Joseph I of Austria, decided to open admission to “sons of the bourgeoisie” and to put the school under public regulation.
In 1883, the Consular Academy, the world’s oldest school of international relations (founded by Maria Theresa as Oriental Academy in 1754 and later renamed), was relocated to "New Favorita". It was housed in a separate wing of the building until 1905, when it was moved again to a house in Boltzmanngasse, which houses the U.S. embassy today.
By the end of World War I, most of the school’s properties in Austria, Hungary and other parts of the Habsburg monarchy were sold. In 1938, after the “Anschluss” to Nazi Germany, Theresianum was transformed into a National Political Institute of Education. During World War II, the school was so heavily destroyed that it could only be re-opened following extensive renovation work in 1957.
Recent history (1964–2000s).
In 1964, the Diplomatic Academy was re-opened as a successor of the Consular Academy in "New Favorita". Its graduates include former U.N. Secretary General and Austrian president Kurt Waldheim, as well as European ministers and senior public officials.
At Theresianum, co-education was introduced at the end of the 1980s and beginning of the 1990s – the first female instructors started teaching in 1988, while the first female students were admitted one year later, in 1989; in 1993, the first headmistress was appointed.
Thersianum today.
Philosophy.
Based on Maria Theresa’s founding letters, Theresianum today strives to educate students to become “self-confident Austrians as well as Europeans with a global outlook.” By embracing the principles of tolerance and humanity, the school endeavors to prepare its graduates to take on “responsible roles in society.” Theresianum’s principles include academic excellence, social responsibility and international achievement.
International focus.
Before World War I, instruction in Hungarian was mandatory, while learning English, French, Italian, Polish, Bohemian, Slovenian, Serbo-Croatian and Romanian was optional. Today, the school’s curriculum requires students to learn three spoken foreign languages (English, French and Russian) as well as Latin. Optional coursework includes Spanish, Italian, Portuguese, Hungarian, Polish, Japanese and Chinese; native-speaking instructors help teach these classes. Language exchange programs are offered to students in the 4th and 7th grades (U.S. equivalent grades 8 and 11); additional courses are regularly organized in preparation for language competitions. International students from age 15 to 18 can apply for three, five or 10-month study programs at Theresianum; as of 2009, students from 27 different countries attended the school. Theresianum sustains a network of 18 international partner schools, including:
Extra-curricular activities.
Based on the Theresianum Enrichment Model (THEM), students are offered a set of extra-curricular activities that complement mandatory coursework. These classes include special rhetoric and presentation seminars, community service, cultural and business projects, as well as tailored career advice services. Moreover, Theresianum participates in bi-annually organized Model European Parliament sessions that prepare students for leadership roles in the European Union.
By 1910, a wealth of physical education classes, including swimming, dancing, riding and fencing was offered to students to supplement their academic curriculum. Today, Theresianum offers weekly sports courses across 15 disciplines, organizes three dedicated sports weeks (in the 2nd, 3rd and 5th grade, U.S. equivalent grades 6,7 and 9) and operates a school-owned ski club; 20 musical instruments are taught at the school.
Boarding school model.
Theresianum operates as a "Gymnasium" (U.S. equivalent grades 5 through 12); as of 2010, 815 students attended 33 classes (i.e., 24.7 students per class) and were taught by 130 instructors (i.e., 6.3 students per instructor).
In order to develop well-rounded pupils, Theresianum requires students to attend individual or group study sessions in the afternoons with their instructors. School days typically end between 5:30 p.m. and 6:00 p.m., depending on the student's age. Grades 1 to 4 (U.S. equivalent grades 5 to 8) have a 5-day school week, while grades 5 to 8 (U.S. equivalent grades 9 to 12) also attend lectures on Saturday mornings. 100 students were also enrolled in Theresianum’s full-boarding option as of 2007.
Facilities.
Throughout its history, Theresianum has retained parts of its historic park in the center of Vienna (approx. 50,000 m2), and properties in Süßenbrunn and Strechau, outside the city. The school’s sport facilities include an indoor swimming pool, two beach volleyball courts, tennis, soccer and basketball courts, and indoor gyms. All classrooms are equipped with state-of-the-art digital media equipment andscience laboratories are used for biology, physics chemistry classes. The school’s historic rooms (library, etc.) can be used for special events.
Outlook.
A steering committee consisting of the school’s headmaster, elected parent and student representatives, and project groups continuously monitor quality standards of existing classes and propose new academic or extra-curricular initiatives. Currently, projects such as a new IT learning platform, an extended business and life science curriculum and initiatives with the European Union are being evaluated.
Moreover, Theresianum plans on opening a new elementary school and/or kindergarten in fall 2011. Academic curricula are currently being developed, with a special emphasis on full-day service, language courses taught by native speakers, advanced-level coursework for talented students, sports and extra-curricular activities.
Notable alumni.
Often referred to as one of Austria’s finest schools, Theresianum has shaped over 260 years of Austrian and European history; its graduates include Nobel Prize winners, political leaders, as well as writers and thinkers across a wide array of disciplines:

</doc>
<doc id="18452701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18452701" title="Saint-Louis-du-Nord">
Saint-Louis-du-Nord

Saint-Louis-du-Nord (Creole: "Sen Lwi dinò") is a municipality in the Saint-Louis-du-Nord Arrondissement, in the Nord-Ouest Department of Haiti.
It has 69,592 inhabitants. 

</doc>
<doc id="18452726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18452726" title="Asian Excellence Awards">
Asian Excellence Awards

The Asian Excellence Awards was an annual celebration of the outstanding achievements of Asians and Asian Americans in film, television, music, and the performing arts. The Asian Excellence Awards is the only nationally televised event celebrating significant Asian and Asian American achievements in entertainment and the arts. The 2008 Asian Excellence Awards, hosted by Carrie Ann Inaba and Bobby Lee, were held at the UCLA Royce Hall and nationally televised on E! Entertainment on May 1, 2008. The show was also available on Comcast On Demand throughout the month of May in honor of Asian Pacific American Heritage Month.
The 2008 Asian Excellence Awards were highlighted with live performances by "America's Best Dance Crew" winners and runners up the Jabbawockeez and Kaba Modern and singer/actress Tia Carrere. There were also special awards presentations to honorees Steve Chen, the founder of YouTube, and Olympic Gold Medalist Kristi Yamaguchi.
History.
Welly Yang, the creator and one of the executive producers of the Asian Excellence Awards, is an actor, singer, producer and founder of the Asian theatrical group Second Generation, which produced the earlier version of the Asian Excellence Awards known as The Concert of Excellence.
Past awards.
2007.
The 2007 Asian Excellence Awards was hosted by Lost star Daniel Dae Kim and Grace Park. The 2007 Asian Excellence Awards featured a presentation of The Lifetime Achievement Award that was presented to Chow Yun-fat. Live comedy performances included Russell Peters, Margaret Cho and Dat Phan. The 2007 show was the first to feature a viewer’s choice award, and the winner was Survivor winner Yul Kwon.
2006.
The 2006 Asian Excellence Awards featured the Rémy Martin X.O. Honors, which included an award to AIDS researcher Dr. David Ho for the Inspiration Honor and to writer/director Quentin Tarantino for the Bridge Honor. Live performances during the show included Fort Minor, featuring Mike Shinoda of Linkin Park, the original cast of the Broadway musical "Lennon" and Cirque du Soleil show "KÀ". Kelly Hu and Bobby Lee were hosts of the show.
Both the 2006 and 2007 Asian Excellence Awards aired on AZN Television.
Winners.
2008.
Honorees
Viewer's Choice
2007.
Honorees
Viewer's Choice
2006.
Honorees

</doc>
<doc id="18452749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18452749" title="R335 road (Ireland)">
R335 road (Ireland)

The R335 road is a regional road in counties Mayo and Galway in Ireland. It starts in Westport, Co. Mayo and ends in Leenaun, Co. Galway. The N59 is a much more direct route between the two towns. The R335 passes through Murrisk (where Croagh Patrick is located), Lecanvey, Louisburgh and Delphi before terminating in Leenaun. It is arguably one of the most scenic drives in counties Mayo and Galway. It is approximately 52 Kilometres long with a speed limit of 80km/h (50mph).

</doc>
<doc id="18452765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18452765" title="Nick Vitucci">
Nick Vitucci

Nick Vitucci (born June 16, 1967 in Welland, Ontario) is a former professional ice hockey goaltender. He was the head coach of the ECHL's Toledo Walleye from 2009-2014.
In 2008, Vitucci was inducted into the ECHL Hall of Fame. Vitucci was joined by ECHL founder Henry Brabham, the league's first commissioner Patrick J. Kelly, and defenceman Chris Valicevic as members of the Hall of Fame's inaugural class.
Playing career.
During his playing career, Vitucci spent most of his time as a journeyman in the ECHL, but had numerous call ups including stints in the IHL with the Peoria Rivermen and in the AHL with the Maine Mariners, Hershey Bears, and Binghamton Rangers. Vitucci also spent several summers in the RHI, with the Buffalo Stampede, Empire State Cobras, Buffalo Wings, and the New Jersey Rockin Rollers. During his career in the ECHL, Vitucci won four Riley Cups in 1989, 1990, 1994 and 1996 and was named the Finals Most Valuable Player on two occasions (1989 and 1996), one of only two players in the league's history to do so, and Goaltender of the Year in 1998. Vitucci spent at least some time in all of his 13 years of professional hockey in the ECHL and when he retired in 2001 Vitucci left as the league's career record holder in games played, minutes played, wins, most 20 win seasons, most 30 win seasons, and most losses.
Vitucci is the only goaltender in the history of professional hockey to be credited with a goal against a guarded net. In the 1996 season, while playing for the Charlotte Checkers, Vitucci shot the puck up the ice toward opposing goaltender Alain Morissette of the Louisville River Frogs. Morissette stopped the puck outside the goal, but spun and shot it into his own net while attempting a pass. As the most recent Checkers player to touch the puck, Vitucci was awarded a point scored against an opposing goalie—a unique feat in hockey history for any goaltender.
Coaching career.
Vitucci began his career as a coach during the 1994–95 season when he took up assistant coaching duties while playing for the Toledo Storm. Vitucci would have a second stint as a player/assistant coach during his final year as a player with the Greenville Grrrowl.
In 2002, Vitucci returned to Greenville to be their assistant coach and would leave to fill the assistant coach vacancy in Toledo after the season. Two months into the 2003–04 season, Toledo Storm head coach Steve Harrison was fired and Vitucci, who was his assistant at the time, was tabbed to be the interim head coach for the remainder of the season. At the end of the season, the Storm signed Vitucci to be their permanent replacement for Harrison and has remained the team's coach through the team suspending operations in 2007 in order to construct the new arena.
In February 2008 it was announced he would be retained as the head coach for the Walleye, which will be his fifth season in Toledo. The Storm saw success under Vitucci's tenure as the team made the playoffs in all three years with Vitucci, including a division title in 2006 and reaching the American Conference Finals in the same year.

</doc>
<doc id="18452766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18452766" title="Aquin">
Aquin

Aquin (Creole: "Aken") is a municipality in the Aquin Arrondissement, in the Sud Department of Haiti. It is a port on the south coast of the Tiburon Peninsula. It had 95,004 inhabitants in 2003, up from 1,799 in 1950.

</doc>
<doc id="18452772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18452772" title="Mayumi Narita">
Mayumi Narita

Narita has used a wheelchair because of myelitis since the age of 13; in 1994, additionally, she was involved in a traffic accident which left her quadriplegic. In 1996, she represented Japan at the Paralympic Games in Atlanta, where she won two gold medals, two silver and one bronze. At the 2000 Summer Paralympics in Sydney, she won six gold medals. She also set five world records at the Sydney Games.
Narita competed again at the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens, and was the Games' most successful athlete, of any nationality and in any sport. She set six world records, seven Paralympic records, and won seven gold medals and one bronze medal.
In 2005, she was given the Best Female Athlete award by the International Paralympic Committee, the Best Male Athlete award going to Brazil's Clodoaldo Silva.
Narita is currently vice chair of the Tokyo 2016 Athletes' Commission.
Notes.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18452793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18452793" title="Luciana Pignatelli">
Luciana Pignatelli

Luciana Pignatelli (13 January 1935 – 13 October 2008) was an Italian socialite who was a social arbiter, spokesmodel for Camay soap, and a jewelry designer.
Background.
Born Luciana Malgeri, she was the daughter of journalist Francesco Malgeri and his wife, Nelida Lenci, previously Countess Crespi. She had a half-brother, Count Rodolfo Crespi, husband of "Vogue" editor Consuelo Crespi.
Marriages.
On 20 June 1954, Luciana Malgeri married Prince Don Nicolò Maria Pignatelli Aragon Cortès, 17th Prince of Noia (born 22 May 1923), a Gulf Oil executive. He is a Prince of the Holy Roman Empire of the German Nation, 19th Duke of Terranova, 17th Prince of Castelvetrano, Prince of Maida, Prince of Valle, Duke of Bellosguardo, Duke of Girifalco, Duke of Orta, 19th Marquess of Cerchiara, 19th Marquess of Avola, Marquess of Favara, Marquess of Caronia, Marquess of Borghetto, Count of Celano, Baron of Casteltermini, Baron of Menfi, and Patrician of Naples. The marriage was annulled in 1968. The couple had two children: Princess Donna Fabrizia (born 30 January 1956), married to Stephen Fiamma; and Prince Don Diego (born 21 May 1958), a managing director of Warburg Dillon Read in Italy, who married Cristina Prandoni Porta.
In 1970, Luciana Pignatelli married Burt Simms Avedon, then the president of Eve of Roma, who is a cousin of the photographer Richard Avedon. By this marriage she had three stepdaughters. They divorced circa 1980.
Books.
As Princess Luciana Pignatelli, she was the author of "The Beautiful People's Beauty Book" (McCall, 1970), which was described as "a straightforward approach to narcissism".
As Luciana Avedon, she was the author of "The Beautiful People's Diet Book" (Bantam, 1973) and "Luciana Avedon's Body Book" (Henry Holt, 1976).
All three books were co-written with Jeanne Molli.
Television.
In the 1970s, as Luciana Pignatelli, she became the spokesperson for the soap Camay, appearing in national and international television commercials. Her performances were called "strangely somnambulistic" by cultural critic Camille Paglia.
Corporate career.
Pignatelli was the European fashion coordinator of Eve of Roma, a cosmetics company.
Honors.
She was named to the International Best-Dressed List in 1966.
Death.
In 2008 Pignatelli Avedon ended her life with an overdose of medication and alcohol.

</doc>
<doc id="18452803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18452803" title="Rogala coat of arms">
Rogala coat of arms

Rogala - is a Polish Coat of Arms. It was used by several szlachta families in the times of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth.
Notable bearers.
Notable bearers of this Coat of Arms include:

</doc>
<doc id="18452817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18452817" title="Arniquet">
Arniquet

Arniquet (Creole: "Anikè") is a municipality in the Port-Salut Arrondissement, in the Sud Department of Haiti.
It has 7,252 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="18452819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18452819" title="Wade House">
Wade House

Wade House can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18452829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18452829" title="Camp-Perrin">
Camp-Perrin

Camp-Perrin (Creole: "Kanperen") is a municipality in the Les Cayes Arrondissement, in the Sud Department of Haiti.
It has 40,650 inhabitants.
History.
The city of Camp-Perrin was created during the eighteenth century when three Frenchmen (Colon de France), the Perrin brothers, arrived with the goal of studying the possibilities of culture of coffee, cotton and indigo, as well as the exploitation of the wood of dye as the wood of campêche in Haiti. They built a camp up the hill; thus the names of the two town districts are Bas-Camp and Haut-Camp (above and below the camp).
Administration.
The town is sub-divided in three counties known as :
Radio et télécommunications.
The City of Camp-Perrin has one commercial TV station known as TELE LA BRISE www.telelabrise.com - CH-7télévision Radio Télé La Brise www.labrisefm.com - Télé-7 and 5 stations de radio transmitting in the FM Band:
Most of the Radio stations broadcasting from Les Cayes Ville des Cayes can also be heard in Camp-Perrin: They are Radio Macaya, Radio Nami Inter, Radio Lumière, Radio Ginen. On the side of Télé La Brise, the following TV station, TNH, TMS have a partial coverage in Camp-Perrin.
Economy.
The main resource of the population is the Trade of local product such as cacao, des feuilles de tilleuls, des bananas, Coffee, Cayan peper, Vegetables and sugar cane.
The farm is equally developed

</doc>
<doc id="18452854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18452854" title="USS Wenonah (SP-165)">
USS Wenonah (SP-165)

USS "Wenonah" (SP-165/PY-11) was a yacht acquired by the U.S. Navy during World War I. She was configured by the Navy as an armed patrol craft and was assigned to protect North Atlantic Ocean ships from German submarines. Post-war she was transferred to the U.S. Coast and Geodetic Survey where she acquired the name USC&GS "Wenonah". When returned to the Navy, the ship was designated USS "Wenonah" (PY-11) and remained mostly idle until sold in 1929.
Constructed in Massachusetts.
The first ship to be so named by the U.S. Navy, "Wenonah" (SP-165) -- a steam yacht built in 1915 at Neponset, Massachusetts, by George Lawley & Sons—was acquired by the Navy from Mr. Walter G. Ladd on 8 June 1917; converted for naval service; and commissioned on 22 October 1917, Lt. Henry G. Fuller, NNV, temporarily in command.
World War I service.
Escorting subchasers to Europe.
The armed yacht was fitted out for distant service and departed Newport, Rhode Island, on 4 November 1917 in company with tender "Hannibal" and yachts "Helenita" (SP-210), "Margaret" (SP-527), "May" (SP-164), "Rambler" (SP-211), and "Utowana" (SP-951). Each yacht towed a French-manned, American-made submarine chaser. In spite of a breakdown apiece for "Helenita", Margaret, "May", and "Utowana", the flotilla of yachts and submarine chasers reached their first port of call -- Hamilton, Bermuda -- on 9 November. "Wenonah" remained at Hamilton for nine days and then departed in tow of "May" along with "Hannibal", "Margaret", "Rambler", "Artemis" (SP-593), "Cythera" (SP-575), "Lydonia" (SP-700), and the six submarine chasers on the 18th for the next leg of the voyage, from Bermuda to the Azores.
She reached the Azores on 5 December and, after two days at Horta, moved on to Ponta Delgada where she remained from 8 to 19 December. From there, the yacht continued on across the eastern Atlantic and arrived at Gibraltar on Christmas Day. On 15 January 1918, she began escorting convoys between Gibraltar and Bizerte, Tunisia. That duty continued uninterrupted through the end of hostilities in November 1918.
Antisubmarine warfare.
On 26 March 1918, she attack by mistake the French submarine Watt. The French Commanding Officer Bourély was killed, there are 5 other men wounded which were taken over by the British Yacht Jeannette II, one of them died later.
"Wenonah's" logs reveal only a single variation to that routine—a run to Genoa and back in July 1918. During the Gibraltar-to-Genoa leg of that voyage, the armed yacht engaged in her only combat action of the war. At about 1924 on the evening of the 23d, one of the ships she was escorting, "SS Messidor", was torpedoed. "Wenonah" dropped a single depth charge in the vicinity of the sinking ship then busied herself with rescue operations. She dropped rafts and buoys for the survivors of "SS Messidor" and returned to her station with the convoy.
Several hours later, just before 0100 on the 24th as she zigzagged on patrol astern of the convoy, "Wenonah" spied a flare ahead and learned that another unit of the convoy, "SS Rutherglen", had also run afoul of an enemy torpedo and was settling slowly by the stern. She dropped a single depth charge near the sinking ship, but it failed to detonate. After her inauspicious antisubmarine maneuver, the yacht turned to rescue work and, by 0123, had taken 38 survivors on board.
After a lull during the daylight hours of the 24th, action resumed that evening. Just before 2100, she made another unsuccessful attack on a suspected submarine contact. Again, her British depth charge failed to function. Near chaos followed on the heels of that attack. Almost immediately every ship in the convoy began to steer various courses to avoid the unseen "enemy." For almost an hour, they cruised the area in a highly disorganized manner, firing guns and dropping depth charges at almost anything that suggested the presence of a U-boat.
Finally, at 2150, the convoy reformed and moved off in some semblance of order. Two alarms occurred that night; and, during the second, "Wenonah" fired a single 3-inch shell at what proved to be a porpoise. Save for another porpoise masquerading as a U-boat the following day, the excitement abated, and the convoy completed the voyage in a more routine fashion.
Post-war activity.
A week after the armistice, "Wenonah" made a trip from Gibraltar to Lisbon, Portugal, and back. Then, on 7 December, she departed Gibraltar to return to the United States. Steaming in company with "Druid" (SP-321), Wheeling (Gunboat No. 14), and the Coast Guard cutter "Yamacraw", she stopped first at Ponta Delgada. Then, on her way from the Azores to Bermuda, she lost her navigation officer overboard during a battle with a force 10 gale early on the morning of 23 December 1918. On 3 January 1919, the yacht entered port at New London, Connecticut.
Transfer to the Coast and Geodetic Survey.
On 14 March, she moved to the New York Navy Yard, where she was placed out of commission on 12 April and transferred to the United States Coast and Geodetic Survey. The yacht served with that agency on the west coast until October 1922 when the Department of Commerce returned her to the Navy in the custody of the Commandant, 13th Naval District.
Reinstated as PY-11.
"Wenonah" was reinstated on the Navy list and received the hull designation "PY-11" on 22 September 1923. However, the yacht remained inactive; and her name was again struck from the Navy list on 20 January 1928. The yacht was sold to H. W. Goodall of Santa Barbara, California, on 15 May 1929.

</doc>
<doc id="18452860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18452860" title="Palaeoepidemiology">
Palaeoepidemiology

Palaeoepidemiology is the study of ancient diseases and their causes.

</doc>
<doc id="18452862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18452862" title="Chantal, Sud">
Chantal, Sud

Chantal (Creole: "Chantal") is a municipality in the Les Cayes Arrondissement, in the Sud Department of Haiti.
It has 27,935 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="18452865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18452865" title="What Am I Waiting For">
What Am I Waiting For

What Am I Waiting For is the debut solo album from American country music singer Heidi Newfield, formerly the lead vocalist in the group Trick Pony. It was released on August 5, 2008 on Curb Records and produced by Tony Brown. The album's lead-off single, "Johnny & June", peaked at number 11 on the Hot Country Songs charts. This song was followed by "Cry, Cry ('Til the Sun Shines)", which peaked at number 29. "What Am I Waiting For" debuted on the Billboard 200 at number 10 with 34,000 copies sold in its first week.
Content.
"Johnny & June" is the first single release from this album. Co-written by Newfield, Stephony Smith and Deanna Bryant, this song peaked at number 11 on the "Billboard" country singles charts in late 2008. Following it is the number 29-peaking "Cry Cry ('Til the Sun Shines)", which Martina McBride previously recorded on her 2007 album "Waking Up Laughing". The album's title track, the third single, debuted in May 2009 at number 57 before falling off the chart and re-entered the charts at number 60 in June 2009. Both it and "Nothin' Burns Like a Memory" were co-written by Ira Dean and Keith Burns, with whom Newfield previously performed as the trio Trick Pony from 1996 to 2006. Also covered on this album is "Can't Let Go", originally recorded by Lucinda Williams on her album "Car Wheels on a Gravel Road".
Reception.
The album has received mixed critical reviews, with favorable reviews focusing on Newfield's singing as well as the range of material in comparison to her work in Trick Pony. Ken Tucker of "Billboard" gave a favorable review, saying that the album showed a broader scope in subject material than the party-oriented material that she recorded in Trick Pony. Tucker thought that Brown's production worked well with the project and helped Newfield to expand her musical range. Dawn Pomento of "Country Standard Time" gave a favorable review as well, saying that many of the songs were strengthened by Newfield's "muscular and lithe" voice and Brown's production. About.com review Matt Sexton rated the album four stars out of five, saying that "Can't Let Go" and "Knocked Up" showed Newfield's blues influences.
Matt C., reviewing the album for The 9513, gave it three-and-a-half stars out of five, saying that the first several tracks were ambitious, but that the album contained several weak tracks on the latter half. He highlighted "Johnny & June" as a standout track, even though he thought that its impact was diminished by previous singles whose titles were also the names of singers. "Cry Cry", which he called a "puerile self-help anthem", and "Nothing Burns Like a Memory", which he thought clashed with the album's tone, are cited in his review as the weakest tracks. Allmusic critic Thom Jurek gave it two-and-a-half out of five. Although he said that the album had generally strong songwriting throughout, and referred to Newfield as a "kinetic vocalist", Jurek thought that the album was largely overproduced and lacked a distinctive sound as a result.
Personnel.
As listed in liner notes.

</doc>
<doc id="18452867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18452867" title="Gadzhikara">
Gadzhikara

Gadzhikara may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18452873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18452873" title="Farran">
Farran

Farran () is a village in County Cork, Ireland, in the parish of Ovens. It lies on the southside of the River Lee. Farran is west from Cork City on the N22 road.
The village has a primary school, rainbow creche and Farran Montessori school. A church,Community hall, hair salon and various B&Bs add to the amenities of the area while Kilcrea Abbey and Kilcrea Castle are historical sites still visited by tourists and locals alike. Until recently the village also had a Gala supermarket/post office and two pubs. Farran is home to over 5,000 people, a few of whom have made a name for themselves in world sport, incluing the former Celtic and Manchester United player Liam MillerCurrent cork footballer Ciaran Sheehan. There is a vibrant youth club that meets regularly in the Community hall. The area is also rich in history and local folklore.
History Aglish.
Aglish means church. The church was built in 1199 and is mentioned as Magalaid in 1302, as Machali in 1483 Agalasmaschala.
The ruins of the medieval church in Aglish, which was built of stone and lime, still show the northern and western walls. The old graveyard is to the rear of the western gable. A new graveyard was opened in the 1970s, and is still being used for families in the area.
Ballineadig.
In Rumley’s bog in Ballineadig is a “cill” site called Teampul (also called Clogheen) in a circular mound. There was also a graveyard here. The passage or road from the site is still pointed out, leading to Crios a Cuilinn (Holly Cross) on the old Cork-Kerry road. The graveyard is locally said to have been removed to Aglish in the night, showing that this “cill” site preceded Aglish. A book in the Honan Chapel which is part of University College Cork, states that St. Finbarr is buried in that graveyard.
The Rumley family lived in Ballineadig for four generations. The Lehanes own the house now. The house is over 200 years old, which makes it the oldest house in Ballineadig.
The word Ballineadig means “Town of the Clothes” in English. Years ago there was a little clothes factory in Ballineadig and this is how Ballineadig got its name. There is very little information to be found about this factory. The River Lee represents the northern boundary of Ballineadig. In 1957 the Electricity Supply Board constructed a dam to generate electricity at Inniscarra. This dramatically raised the water level of the river, and thus, extra land was needed along the course of the river. The total acreage required in Ballineadig was . This was deducted from four different land owners.
There was a public house (bar) on the southern boundary of Ballineadig, near the main road. It was owned by the Moriarty family. It was known as a stage house for horses and their owners on their journeys. There was a little verse about it, which went:
“You can travel Cork and sweet Blackrock,
And Farran Cross all over,
You’ll never find a sweeter drop,
Than Hannie Moriarity’s porter”
This house was knocked down by the Buckley family around 1920, and there is no evidence of it to be seen today. During the Irish War of Independence, the Hayes family were raided at their home by the Black and Tans, but the man they were looking for, Timmy Hayes, escaped through the fields. He subsequently fled to America and never came home again.
Farran Church.
Fr. John Cotter built Farran Church in 1860. it was built beside the road leading from Farran village to Aglish burial ground.
At some stage the walls were completely demolished and another church, the present church, was built on the same spot. The old pillars and entrance gates remain.
Farran Church is the only known church in the diocese to be consecrated, which means that the walls are as sacred as the altar.
In 2010 Farran Church celebrated its 150th year in use.
Kilcrea Station.
Kilcrea Station used to be a station on the Cork-Macroom line, which accommodated cargo and passenger trains. In the summer time there used to be excursion trains from Macroom to Youghal. Special cattle trains ran once a month for cattle fairs in Macroom. The farmers of the area used to take their beet to the station to be transported to the sugar factory in Mallow. Coal used to come to the station from Castlecomer in Kilkenny, to be used in Aherla to burn lime and the stout for the local public houses also arrived there. When the thrashing was over in the summer time the threshing sets were transported from Kilcrea to Limerick. The community depended solely on the station until the widespread introduction of cars, after which the necessity of passenger trains decreased and haulage lorries reduced the need for cargo trains. Kilcrea station closed in the 1950s. The station house can still be seen today and is still occupied. The road which runs alongside the station became known as Station House Road, which runs from the N22 towards Aherla.
Kilcrea Abbey.
Kilcrea Abbey was founded in 1465 by Cormac Láidir McCarthy for the Franciscan Friars. It is on the southern bank of the River Bride. This river is crossed by what must be the narrowest of all public bridges.
It is said the last wolf in Ireland was killed in Kilcrea. Many famous people are buried in Kilcrea. One of them is Cormac McCarthy son of the founder Felix McCarthy, a friar well known for his charity.
Also buried there is the Bishop of Ross Dr. Herlihy and Art O’ Laoire, who was killed by English soldiers because he refused to sell his horse for five pounds. The Abbey was pillaged several times and was finally destroyed during the Cromwellian campaign in the middle of the 17th century. There are two different stories of how the Abbey was destroyed:
It was burned by Cromwell’s soldiers.
It was burned by the locals so that the soldiers could not destroy the most sacred part of the Abbey by using it as a stable.
It was a rule of Kilcrea that anyone was welcome to stay as long as he liked as a guest without paying.
The Clarke Estate.
The Clarke Family were the local landlords who came to Farran in 1840. They lived there until 1937 when the estate was sold to the Land Commission, who divided it into smaller holdings.
They came from Liverpool, first settling in Trabolgan near Midleton and later in Farran (1840), where they lived in a magnificent Georgian House. They were involved in the tobacco industry–being the largest cigar company in Cork.
The Clarkes donated Farran Woods to the public. This area is a beautiful area for picnics, park walks and for spotting wildlife. It is on the southern bank of the river Lee. During summer months many people use the river to skinny dip as it is very secluded area. They also donated land to the parish on which the present Catholic Church and school are built.
The Holy Well.
The Holy Well, known as Tobar Riogh an Domhnaigh (King of Sunday) is situated in Rooves Beg. It is also called Tobareen an Aifrinn as mass was celebrated nearby in Penal times.
It is on a section of road, which was once the main Cork to Kerry road, (known as the butter road). The well is covered with the usual hood shape construction. When visiting, people decorate the well with plants, flowers and sometimes, night lights.
People visit the well especially on Good Friday and Easter Sunday. A special pattern of “rounds” was recited at the Holy Well. The round is finished by drinking some water from the well. Nowadays local people visit the Holy Well on August 15 every year. A priest usually attends reciting the Rosary and other prayers. It is a special and peaceful place.

</doc>
<doc id="18452875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18452875" title="Lakeshore State Park">
Lakeshore State Park

Lakeshore State Park is a Wisconsin state park located on the shores of Lake Michigan in the city of Milwaukee. The park offers fishing, and jogging paths wind throughout the park. There is also a marina in the park where reservations for ships can be made up to 11 months in advance. 

</doc>
<doc id="18452877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18452877" title="Nacel Open Door">
Nacel Open Door

Nacel Open Door, Inc. is a nonprofit student exchange organization dedicated to international understanding and language education. [http://www.nacelopendoor.org/aboutus.htm]
Purpose.
Nacel Open Door, Inc. (NOD) is dedicated to promoting international understanding and language education. NOD believes it is essential for young people to develop a deeper awareness of their role as citizens of the world through direct experience in other cultures and languages, usually through homestays.
History.
Nacel Open Door was formed in April 1997 by the merger of Nacel Cultural Exchanges and Open Door Student Exchange. Nacel Cultural Exchanges was founded in France by language teachers in 1957, and homestay exchanges with the U.S. began in 1969. Open Door Student Exchange was founded in 1964 to provide intercultural learning opportunities to high school students and their families.
Structure.
The Nacel Open Door National Office is located in St. Paul, Minnesota. Roughly 25 Regional Coordinators, assisted by more than 200 Local Representatives, organize the programs on the state and local levels. NOD also employs both full-time and part-time employees to administer programs worldwide.
NOD is a member of Nacel International, a group of partner organizations that promote Nacel programs worldwide.
Affiliations.
Nacel Open Door is listed by the Council on Standards for International Educational Travel (CSIET) and is designated by the U.S. Department of State (formerly the USIA) as a J-1 Exchange Visitor Program Sponsor for the Academic Year Program. [http://eca.state.gov/jexchanges/index.cfm?fuseaction=record.list&userMax=50&mode=&state=&sort=prog_name&cat=11&sc=
Programs.
Academic Year Program (AYP).
Nacel Open Door offers opportunities for families across the United States to host an international exchange student from one of the more than 35 countries with which Nacel Open Door works. AYP accepts foreign students ages 15 to 18 to live with a host family and attend high school in the host family's community for a semester, academic year or calendar year. [http://www.nacelopendoor.org/aboutus.htm] English language proficiency is required. Orientation is provided prior to leaving home, as well as after arriving in the U.S.
Students and host families receive support from a trained and experienced Local Representative, who in turn is supported by an Area Coordinator and the Twin Cities-based National Office.
Private School Program (PSP).
The Private School Program (PSP) gives private high schools in the United States the opportunity to welcome qualified international students to their campuses. These students, who come on an F-1 visa, stay with host families in the schools' communities and come with the goal of graduating from an American high school. [http://www.nacelopendoor.org/ipsp] These students typically come to the U.S. for more than one year (though not always to the same host family), and most hope to go on to attend an American college or university.
PSP students and host families are also supported by Local Representatives, who in turn are supported by Regional Program Directors and the National Office.
Short Term Programs (STP).
Nacel Open Door offers the opportunity for families in the United States to host a student for 2–8 weeks. These students typically come from France, Spain, Germany, and Mexico. [http://www.nacel.net]
Congress-Bundestag Youth Exchange (CBYX).
Through joint funding from the U.S. Congress and the German Bundestag, a total of 25 scholarships are available to graduating high school seniors in the United States to spend one year in Germany. Students live with a host family, participate in a training or school program, and take part in an internship with a German company. [http://www.nacelopendoor.org/traveling_scholarships.htm]
To be eligible to apply, students must [http://www.nacelopendoor.org/traveling_scholarships.htm]:
St. Paul Preparatory School (SPP).
St. Paul Preparatory School (SPP) is the original high school within the Nacel International School System. Established in 2003, SPP is an international high school located in downtown St. Paul, Minnesota Students from more than 25 countries, including the United States, attend SPP. SPP is accredited by the North Central Association and has a cooperative partnership with the University of St. Thomas, St. Paul campus. [http://www.stpaulprep.org]
The Nacel International School System also has branch schools in South Korea, China, France, Vietnam, and the Philippines, as well as a partnership with a school in Poland.
Hosting a student.
Most Nacel Open Door programs are based in homestay experiences, in which international students stay with a host family in the United States.
How to Host.
The Nacel Open Door host family screening process is based on Department of State regulations, CSIET standards, and Nacel Open Door best practices to ensure student safety. In order to host with NOD, a family must be willing to participate in all screening processes. All host family members ages 18 and older must complete a criminal background check, and a home visit is required to ensure student safety.

</doc>
<doc id="18452881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18452881" title="Santa Eufemia">
Santa Eufemia

Santa Eufemia may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18452882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18452882" title="Chardonnières">
Chardonnières

Chardonnières (Creole: "Chadonyè") is a municipality in the Chardonnières Arrondissement, in the Sud Department of Haiti.
It has 21,308 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="18452910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18452910" title="Côteaux">
Côteaux

Côteaux (Creole: "Koto") is a municipality in the Côteaux Arrondissement, in the Sud Department of Haiti.
It has 16,754 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="18452922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18452922" title="Les Anglais">
Les Anglais

Les Anglais (Creole: "Zanglè") is a municipality in the Chardonnières Arrondissement, in the Sud Department of Haiti.
It has 25,652 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="18452942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18452942" title="Maniche, Sud">
Maniche, Sud

Maniche (Creole: "Manich") is a municipality in the Les Cayes Arrondissement, in the Sud Department of Haiti.
It has 7,380 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="18452951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18452951" title="Clodoaldo Silva">
Clodoaldo Silva

Clodoaldo Silva (born February 1, 1979) is a Brazilian swimmer. He was born in Natal, Rio Grande do Norte.
Silva competed at the 2000 Summer Paralympics in Sydney, winning three silver medals and one bronze. He competed again at the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens, where he set four world records, five Paralympic records, and won six gold medals and one silver. He will represent Brazil for the third time at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing.
In 2005, he was given the Best Male Athlete award by the International Paralympic Committee, the Best Female Athlete award going to Japan's Mayumi Narita.
Silva has cerebral palsy.
Notes.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18452955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18452955" title="Jalandhar (Lok Sabha constituency)">
Jalandhar (Lok Sabha constituency)

Jalandhar Lok Sabha constituency (formerly known as Jullundur Lok Sabha constituency) is one of the 13 Lok Sabha constituencies in Punjab state in northern India.
Assembly segments.
Presently, after delimitation, this constituency comprises the following nine Vidhan Sabha segments:
Old assembly segments.
Before delimitation of the parliamentary constituencies in 2008, this constituency comprised the following nine Vidhan Sabha (Legislative Assembly) segments:

</doc>
<doc id="18452968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18452968" title="Port-à-Piment">
Port-à-Piment

Port-à-Piment (Creole: "Pòtapiman disid") is a municipality in the Côteaux Arrondissement, in the Sud Department of Haiti.
It has 13,921 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="18452984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18452984" title="David Lindesay-Bethune, 15th Earl of Lindsay">
David Lindesay-Bethune, 15th Earl of Lindsay

David Lindesay-Bethune, 15th Earl of Lindsay (9 February 1926 – 1989), styled Viscount Garnock between 1943 and 1985, was a British soldier.
Lindsay was the son of William Tucker Lindesay-Bethune, 14th Earl of Lindsay and Marjory Cross, daughter of Arthur John Graham Cross. He was educated at Eton and Magdalene College, Cambridge. 
He served in the Scots Guards as a junior officer and left with the rank of Major in 1951.
He was appointed appointed Honorary Colonel in 29 May 1957 of the Fife and Forfar Yeomanry/Scottish Horse. He held this post until 1962, when his tenure expired. He was however allowed to retain the honorary rank of Colonel.
Family.
Lord Lindsay married the Honourable Mary-Clare Douglas-Scott-Montagu, daughter of John Douglas-Scott-Montagu, 2nd Baron Montagu of Beaulieu and Alice Pearl Crake, on 31 October 1953. They had one son, James, and one daughter, Caroline, but were divorced in 1968. He married as his second wife Penelope Crossley, daughter of Anthony Crossley and Clare Frances Fortescue Thomson, in 1969. He died in 1989 and was succeeded by his only son, James.

</doc>
<doc id="18452990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18452990" title="Roche-à-Bateaux">
Roche-à-Bateaux

Roche-à-Bateaux (Creole: "Wòchabato") is a municipality in the Côteaux Arrondissement, in the Sud Department of Haiti.
It has 13,336 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="18452992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18452992" title="Firozepur (Lok Sabha constituency)">
Firozepur (Lok Sabha constituency)

Firozpur Lok Sabha constituency (formerly known as Ferozepur Lok Sabha constituency) is one of the 13 Lok Sabha constituencies in Punjab state in northern India.
Assembly segments.
Presently, Firozpur Lok Sabha constituency comprises the following nine Vidhan Sabha (Legislative Assembly) segments:

</doc>
<doc id="18452994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18452994" title="Edward Grierson">
Edward Grierson

Edward Grierson (9 March 1914 - 1975) was a Northumberland barrister and a writer of crime novels. His debut crime novel is the outstanding "Reputation for a Song", a classic Inverted detective story. Grierson also wrote five novels, six works of non-fiction and two plays. He also wrote as Brian Crowther and John P Peterson.

</doc>
<doc id="18452995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18452995" title="That Lonesome Song">
That Lonesome Song

That Lonesome Song is the third studio album by American country music singer Jamey Johnson. Initially released to digital retailers in 2007 without the promotion of a record label, the album was physically released on August 5, 2008 (see 2008 in country music) via Mercury Nashville Records. Under Mercury's promotion and distribution, the album has accounted for two singles on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs charts. The first of these, "In Color", became Johnson's first Top Ten country hit when it peaked at number 9 in early 2009. This song also earned him an Academy of Country Music award win and Grammy Award nomination. Its followup, "High Cost of Living", reached number 34 on the same chart.
History.
Johnson's previous major-label album, "The Dollar", was released in 2006 via BNA Records. It accounted for only one chart single before restructuring of the label forced him to be dropped from its roster. He then went into a reclusive state, staying at a friend's house, where he continued to work on writing songs, including the Number One hits "Give It Away" for George Strait and "Ladies Love Country Boys" for Trace Adkins.
In April 2007, he returned to the recording studio to begin work on his second album, despite not being signed to a label at the time. After the album was complete, he issued it to digital retailers. The album caught the attention of Luke Lewis from Mercury Nashville Records, a label to which Johnson was then signed shortly afterward. Mercury acquired the album as well, issuing "In Color" as its lead-off single. The song, which Johnson co-wrote with Lee Thomas Miller and James Otto, charted in the Top 10 on the country charts, and "That Lonesome Song" was physically issued by Mercury in August 2008. The Mercury re-issue includes three songs not found on the original ("Mowin' Down The Roses", "The Last Cowboy", and "Between Jennings and Jones"), while two other tracks from the initial release ("Next Ex Thing" and "Leave You Alone") were omitted. Two Waylon Jennings songs are covered on the album as well: "Dreaming My Dreams with You" and "The Door Is Always Open", the latter of which was a Number One Hit for Dave & Sugar.
Johnson co-produced the tracks "Place Out on the Ocean" and "Between Jennings and Jones" his road band, the Kent Hardly Playboys (which is composed of Wayd Battle, Jim "Moose" Brown, T.W. Cargile, Kevin "Swine" Grantt, "Cowboy" Eddie Long and Dave Macafee), as well as Dave Cobb. The Kent Hardly Playboys produced the remainder of the album. Former Alabama bass guitarist Teddy Gentry plays bass guitar on "Stars in Alabama".
Singles.
"In Color".
"In Color" was the first single from the album, released in March 2008. Written by Johnson along with Lee Thomas Miller and Warner Bros. Records artist James Otto, the song became Johnson's first chart single since "The Dollar" in 2005-2006. It reached a peak of number 9 on the country singles charts in January 2009. The song was nominated for Best Country Vocal Performance—Male and Best Country Song at the 51st Grammy Awards, and won Song of the Year at the Academy of Country Music awards on April 5, 2009.
"High Cost of Living".
"High Cost of Living", the album's second single, was released nearly a year after "In Color". This song is a mid-tempo in which the male narrator recalls hardships in his life, such as struggling with addiction. He uses the line "The high cost of livin' ain't nothin' like the cost of livin' high" to explain the toll that the vices have had on his life. It peaked at number 34 on the country charts in June 2009.
Kevin J. Coyne of Country Universe.net gave the song an A rating, saying that "speaks to Johnson’s confidence as a singer and a writer that he is willing to give voice to a character whose actions should deem him unlikable. Through the careful construction of a remorse-laden inner monologue, Johnson gives his character dignity[…Like so much of great art, it illuminates the humanity that hides in the shadows of shame and sorrowful regret." The song received a thumbs-up rating from Jim Malec of The 9513, who said that Johnson's voice sounded more comfortable than on "In Color". He also said that the lyrics were "unadulterated truth", and that the song's sound and attitude recalled the outlaw country movement. It was number 38 on "Rolling Stone"'s list of the 100 Best Songs of 2008.
Critical acclaim.
"Rhapsody (online music service)" ranked the album number 5 on its "Country’s Best Albums of the Decade" list. "The quality of Jamey Johnson's storytelling is second only to that of his deep, buttery baritone -- and both are used beautifully on his sophomore effort, That Lonesome Song. Gone are the redneck anthems that dotted his debut, and in their place are songs of loss, growing pains and morning-after regrets. Accolades were heaped on That Lonesome Song upon its release, hailing Johnson for returning country to its proper owners: the downtrodden, heartbroken screw-ups of the world. It could be that commercialization of country has reached a saturation point and Johnson is helping kick off a new outlaw movement, but another decade will be needed to see how that pans out." 9513 named it as the number 1 country album of the decade. "CMT" named it under "A Dozen Favorite Country Albums of the Decade." 
Personnel.
As listed in liner notes.
Charts.
Album.
"That Lonesome Song" debuted at number 6 on the U.S. Top Country Albums chart. The album has sold 620,000 copies as of November, 2009, and has been certified platinum by the RIAA.

</doc>
<doc id="18453005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18453005" title="Saint-Jean-du-Sud">
Saint-Jean-du-Sud

Saint-Jean-du-Sud (Creole: "Sen Jan disid") is a municipality in the Port-Salut Arrondissement, in the Sud Department of Haiti.
It has 19,087 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="18453020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18453020" title="Saint-Louis-du-Sud">
Saint-Louis-du-Sud

Saint-Louis-du-Sud (Creole: "Sen Lwi disid") is a municipality in the Aquin Arrondissement, in the Sud Department of Haiti.
It has 51,125 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="18453021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18453021" title="Steve Jones (American football)">
Steve Jones (American football)

Steven Hunter Jones (born March 6, 1951 in Sanford, North Carolina) is a former American football running back. He played six seasons in the National Football League.

</doc>
<doc id="18453036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18453036" title="Dioscorea transversa">
Dioscorea transversa

Dioscorea transversa, Pencil yam, is a vine of eastern and northern Australia.
The leaves are heart-shaped, shiny, with 5-7 prominent veins. The seed pods are rounded, green or pink before drying to a straw brown papery texture. The edible tubers are typically slender and long. There are two forms: an eastern rainforest and wet sclerophyll form which doesn't have bulbils, and a northern form which occurs in open forests and has small bulbils and large inground tubers.
Uses.
The tubers are a staple food of Aborigines and are eaten after cooking, usually in ground ovens.

</doc>
<doc id="18453038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18453038" title="Tiburon, Sud">
Tiburon, Sud

Tiburon (Creole: "Tibiwon") is a municipality in the Chardonnières Arrondissement, in the Sud Department of Haiti.
It has 17,887 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="18453045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18453045" title="Nikolai Savichev">
Nikolai Savichev

Nikolai Nikolayevich Savichev () (born February 13, 1965 in Moscow) is a retired Soviet and Russian football player and a current manager. He is an identical twin brother of Yuri Savichev.
International career.
Savichev made his debut for USSR on November 21, 1988 in a friendly against Syria.

</doc>
<doc id="18453046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18453046" title="Atkinson Hall">
Atkinson Hall

Atkinson Hall may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18453054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18453054" title="Torbeck">
Torbeck

Torbeck (Creole: "Tòbèk") is a municipality in the Les Cayes Arrondissement, in the Sud Department of Haiti.
It has 60,012 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="18453059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18453059" title="Jacques Dupont (cyclist)">
Jacques Dupont (cyclist)

Jacques Dupont (born June 19, 1928) is a French racing cyclist and Olympic champion in track cycling.
He received a gold medal in "1000m time trial" at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London. He also received a bronze medal in "road race, team", together with José Beyaert and Alain Moineau.
He won Paris–Tours in 1951 and 1955. He won the 1955 event in what was then a record speed for a professional race covering the 253 km at an average of 43.666 km per hour and being awarded the Ruban Jaune.

</doc>
<doc id="18453067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18453067" title="Atkinson Hall (Geneseo, Illinois)">
Atkinson Hall (Geneseo, Illinois)

Atkinson Hall, also known as American Legion Hall, Shearer Post #350, is a building in Geneseo, Illinois. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="18453084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18453084" title="Bainet">
Bainet

Bainet (Creole: "Benè") is a municipality in the Bainet Arrondissement, in the Sud-Est Department of Haiti.
It has 62,300 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="18453086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18453086" title="Tower Hotel">
Tower Hotel

There are several buildings by this name, including:

</doc>
<doc id="18453104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18453104" title="Tyers Electric Train Tablet">
Tyers Electric Train Tablet

Tyer's Electric Train Tablet system is a form of railway signalling for single line railways used in several countries; it was first devised in Great Britain by engineer Edward Tyer after the Thorpe rail accident of 1874, which left 21 people dead. It was used in New Zealand for close to 100 years until June 1994.
The system used a hard disk called a "tablet", a form of token. 
The purpose of the system was to use the tablet as a physical guarantee to the traincrew that their train had exclusive right of way on the single line section. Without this they could not proceed beyond the section signal which protected entry to the single line. 
With advances in electrical locking of the lever frame within the signal box, the tablet instrument also electrically locked the section signal lever. This was marked with a white stripe on the red background.
Construction.
An instrument was placed at each end of the single-track section that they were to control. They were connected together electrically in such a way that operation of one would depend on operations carried out using the other.
There were various incarnations of instruments developed by Tyer & Co. Below are the more commonly found ones:
The Tyer's no. 7 tablet instrument consists of a wooden case, on top of which is a metal slide, a switch plunger, a bell plunger and an electric current indicator. On the front is an indicator which may show either of three indications: "Line Closed"; "Train Approaching" and "Train on Line". Below this there is a second slide, which has three positions: fully home, withdrawn half way, and fully withdrawn. The three indications correspond to the three positions of the slide. The case contains several tablets; they are removed from the instrument using the bottom slide, and replaced using the top slide. The instrument was so constructed that if a tablet had been withdrawn from either instrument of a pair, no further tablets could be withdrawn until the withdrawn tablet had been placed either in the other instrument, or in the same instrument from which it had been withdrawn.
The Tyer's no. 6 tablet instrument is cast iron framed that has a movable drawer at the front which issues and receives the tablets. On the left hand side is a lever to reseat the tablet when it is replaced into the magazine. It has wooden side cheeks to access the complicated mechanism and a tombstone shaped wooden case on the top which houses the bell plunger, commutator and the tablet indicators for up and down trains. At the very top was the galvanometer. The signalling bell associated with the machine is separate so could be located on the block shelf or wall mounted above the instrument.
Tablets.
Tablets are in the form of a disc made of metal or fibre (with a gunmetal weight at the top of the magazine), engraved with the names of the stations between which it is valid, and also provided with notches (also called configurations) or other indentations to ensure that it would fit only one pair of instruments. They were often painted in distinctive colours as an additional visual identification in areas where consecutive sections could each be controlled using the same type of instrument. The diameter of the tablets varied between the different patterns of instrument: those for the No 1 were the largest, the smallest were for the No 5 and No 7, whilst the Nos 2,3,4 and 6 all used tablets about in diameter.
Operation.
The system required each station at the end of each section to be staffed, the staff member would communicate with the staff member at the other end of the section with a bell code to release a tablet.
To release a tablet at station A to send a train to station B:
To close up each machine once the train has arrived at station B from station A:
The original Tyer's No. 1 instrument was a non-restoring design, as were the subsequent Nos 2 and 3 types. Once the tablet had been removed, it had to travel through the single line section and be replaced in its companion instrument to release the section again. This meant that should a train failure occur in the single line section or a shunt beyond station limits, the tablet "had" to travel to the receiving instrument by foot or horse. However, there was a way in which a shunt could be performed without removing the tablet. This was achieved by a very similar means of the staff and ticket working system.
The later No 6 model however was a restoring design, which enabled the tablet to be placed back into the issuing instrument for shunting out of station limits. This increased flexibility and did not compromise safety. It also dispensed with the written authority in the staff and ticket system. Many No 1 instruments were modified with No 6 components to make them capable of restoring also.
Areas of use.
The Great Western Railway used the Tyer's No. 7 electric train tablet instrument at several locations, including the Bampton to section.
Sri Lanka Railways is using this system at several locations.
The Tyer's No. 6 tablet instrument was far more widespread in the UK and was adopted by most railway companies on single line installations. However, when the Tyer's No. 9 key token instrument was patented 40 years later in 1912, it began to replace the No. 6 due to it being compact, easier to use and had far less moving parts to service and repair.
On Britain's national network the use of Tyer's system is now almost extinct, with most lengthy single track lines having been converted to more modern systems such as Tokenless Block or Radio Electronic Token Block. However, as of 2012 the Tyer Electric Token Block remains in use on the Stranraer Line, between and Dunragit.
The last tablet.
The last tablet used on the New Zealand Rail Network was to allow train 1602 (Wellington - Masterton morning Wairarapa Connection) to travel between Featherston and Masterton on the Wairarapa Line on Monday 4 July 1994. Even though the Masterton to Woodville tablet sections survived a few days longer, trains ran on a "safe all" where Train Control could allow a train to run without a tablet.
The last sections to use the tablet system were:
Heritage railways and museums.
Today the tablet system lives on in many heritage railways and museums either as static / operational / interactive displays or as part of the heritage railway signalling system
Internal workings.
Below are a few photographs of the internal workings. This particular instrument has had the electric line clear addition and restoring functions added at a later date. It also carries the original plates by the plunger and commutator which were often removed.

</doc>
<doc id="18453108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18453108" title="Belle-Anse">
Belle-Anse

Belle-Anse (Creole: "Bèlans") is a municipality in the Belle-Anse Arrondissement, in the Sud-Est Department of Haiti.
It has 51,707 inhabitants.
The previous name was Saltrou, a name that is still commonly used by some old timers. Belle-Anse is located at the bottom of several hills, a position that makes it vulnerable to flash floods. Flash floods are more common during the hurricane and the rainy seasons, which are between the months of March–June and the months of August–October. The name Saltrou was changed during the 60's through the efforts of a well-known Deputy (Congressman) named Hugo Paul. He served during the early years of the presidency of Dr. Francois Duvalier. He died in office, and the circumstances of his death are still questionable. According to most, he died of a stroke. One cannot name of the new name Belle-Anse without referring to Hugo Paul. The inspiration came to Mr. Paul when coming down the hill of Tapion. The panoramic view thrilled him and he called it, "Belle-Anse". (Mr. Paul was a graduate of "l'Universite de Paris-Sorbonne".) Though many claim that Belle-Anse is a new town, this is far from the truth. There is at leat one house that goes back to colonial time, if not destroyed by hurricanes or the recent earthquake of January 2010.
Transportation:
The motor boats (chaloupe) remain the most important travel methods between Belle-Anse and other nearby cities and towns. Though there is a road that links Belle-Anse to Thiote and Port-au-Prince, there is no regular scheduled bus travel. Your best bet to get from Port-au-Prince to Belle-Anse is to travel from Port-au-Prince to Jacmel by bus or plane. Sometimes the bus can take you all the way to Marigot. From Marigot or Jacmel, you can sail on of these motor boats straight to the port of Belle-Anse.
Travel on these boats can sometimes be risky. They operate in the dark of the night without any light.
Education:
There are several elementary schools: one that is run by the government and a couple other ones that have been established through partnerships with foreign organisations. Education, beyond elementary level, still remains a challenge. For many years, "L'Ecole Vocationelle de Belle-Anse " was the only means to obtain a partial secondary education. At that school, the focus was and is still on the trade skills, not sot much on the academic subjects. Those who wish to obtain a solid secondary school education had to travel to Port-au-Prince or Jacmel. A complete and solid secondary education still remains a need and a challenge for many Belle-Ansois, (residents of Belle-Anse)
Economy of Belle-Anse:
Though Belle-Anse is one the poorest cities of Haiti, many people survive by fishing. It is a fishing town that sell fish to other nearby towns and Port-au-Prince. During the 60's and 70, there was a group of middlemen who did very well by buying coffee from the local peasants and selling it to exporters in Jacmel and Port-au-Prince.
Health Care:
There is not a hospital in Belle-Anse. A clinic in Belle-Anse provides basic medical care. It is only staffed by only one nurse most of the time. People rely on the St. Michel Hospital in Jacmel for acute medical care. In some rare circumstances, it is the local Hougan who provides medical care by using his knowledge of natural medicine.
References.
T

</doc>
<doc id="18453146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18453146" title="Cayes-Jacmel">
Cayes-Jacmel

Cayes-Jacmel (Creole: "Kay Jakmèl") is a municipality in the Jacmel Arrondissement, in the Sud-Est Department of Haiti.
It has 21,374 inhabitants. Cayes-Jacmel is down the road from Cyvadier and home to a lovely public beach and has a remarkable farmers market (Wednesdays and Saturdays). The town is also home to amazing artists and artisans, including work in meticulously created miniature ships. The region's hydroelectric plant (running on a stream only a few inches deep) is nearby.

</doc>
<doc id="18453166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18453166" title="Côtes-de-Fer">
Côtes-de-Fer

Côtes-de-Fer (Creole: "Kòt Defè") is a municipality in the Bainet Arrondissement, in the Sud-Est Department of Haiti.
It has 33,577 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="18453178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18453178" title="Carver Theater">
Carver Theater

Carver Theater or Carver Theatre may refer to:
in the United States (by state)

</doc>
<doc id="18453180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18453180" title="Voorbereidend middelbaar beroepsonderwijs">
Voorbereidend middelbaar beroepsonderwijs

The vmbo ("voorbereidend middelbaar beroepsonderwijs", literally, "preparatory middle-level vocational education") education is a school track in the Netherlands. It lasts four years, from the age of twelve to sixteen. It combines vocational training with theoretical education in languages, mathematics, history, arts and sciences. Sixty percent of students nationally are enrolled in vmbo. The vmbo has four different levels, in each a different mix of practical vocational training and theoretical education is combined.
For all of these levels there is "learning path supporting education" (Dutch: "Leerweg Ondersteunend Onderwijs"), which is intended for pupils with educational or behavioural problems. These pupils are taught in small classes by specialized teachers.

</doc>
<doc id="18453181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18453181" title="Grand-Gosier">
Grand-Gosier

Grand-Gosier (Creole: "Gran Gozye") is a municipality in the Belle-Anse Arrondissement, in the Sud-Est Department of Haiti.
It has 10,852 inhabitants.
It is the birthplace of celebrated Haitian poet and Creole language advocate Félix Morisseau-Leroy.

</doc>
<doc id="18453189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18453189" title="Mollösund">
Mollösund

Mollösund is an old fishing village and a locality situated in Orust Municipality, Västra Götaland County, Sweden with 236 inhabitants in 2010. It is located on the southwest tip of Orust Municipality in the outer archipelago of Sweden’s west coast.
Records of permanent settlements date back to the early 16th century. The traditionally predominant catches were herring and the common ling, used mostly to prepare the dish lutefisk. During the latter part of the 19th century, approximately 30 sailing ships berthed in Mollösund transported raw materials to and from the region, including coal, iron, and salt.
Commercial fishing from Mollösund has all but shut down in recent years, but preparation of lutefisk with imported products still occurs on a small scale.
The area is home to approximately 277 year-round residents and is a popular tourist destination during the summer months.

</doc>
<doc id="18453196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18453196" title="Carver Theatre (Columbia, South Carolina)">
Carver Theatre (Columbia, South Carolina)

Carver Theatre is a theatere in Columbia, South Carolina.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="18453197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18453197" title="Bascol">
Bascol

The Bascol Group, at present embraces companies within the sectors of Construction, Property Development and Asset Management.
With headquarters in Coimbra, Bascol has also offices in Porto and Lisboa. and opened last year offices in Luanda, Angola and Curitiba, Brasil.
With a history dating from 1982, Bascol-Construção Civil was formed by the current President of its Council of Administration, the engineer, António Bastos.
The year 2000 marked the beginning of a strategy of geographic expansion, with the acquisition of the engineering and construction company, SOFOZ, based in Porto.
Dedicated principally to remodeling and renovation, as well as a number of original projects, this new company of the Bascol Group has brought valuable benefits in the area of interiors, with the introduction of novel and innovative materials.
In this same year, following a strategy of specialization within the core business, was created Bascol - Promoção Imobiliária, dedicated exclusively to the development of the Group’s projects, which to date include three major developments in Leiria and Coimbra.
In 2002, to commemorate the twentieth anniversary of its founding, Bascol inaugurated its new, self-built headquarters building in Coimbra.
With the creation of Bascol - Promoção Imobiliária, the business of development has gained greater importance within the Group. In recent years, this area has come to the forefront, bringing nationwide recognition to the Bascol name. In Coimbra it is the market leader, and in Porto it has a growing and significant portfolio, encompassing large scale developments, as well as a number of its own projects directed at niche markets.
In the construction sector, with a view to maintaining levels of competitively, was initiated in 2004, a process of certification in the Areas of Quality and Safety, under the norms NPEN ISO 9001 : 2000 OHSAS 18001/NP 4397, being granted the accreditation APCER on 5/09/2005.
At the end of 2004, was completed the acquisition of the installations in Porto, having, the following year affected the alteration of the SOFOZ name to Bascol, thus capitalizing on an image of quality and competence.
Resulting from its accelerated growth and policy of geographic expansion, the Group increased the assets of the Holding in 2006, from 1,000,000 to 5,000,000 euros.
At the beginning of the year 2008, Bascol opened offices in Lisboa, thus assuring a more consistent presence in the south of the country, and a sustained expansion in its activities.
In parallel, was formed Bascol Angola and Bascol Brasil, beginning the process of internationalization of the Group in the area of property development.
Major projects.
Major projects involving the Group have included Condomínio Zen completed in 2007, Vale dos Esquilos, Edifício sobre o Douro, Cerca 80, Casas do Pinheiro Manso, Douro 41 and Porto Sol. Projects currently under construction include a luxurious private miscellaneous condominium, Belas 1 in Luanda.

</doc>
<doc id="18453231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18453231" title="La Vallée-de-Jacmel">
La Vallée-de-Jacmel

La Vallée (Creole: "Lavale") is a municipality in the Jacmel Arrondissement, in the Sud-Est Department of Haiti.
It has 36,188 inhabitants.
Geography.
Situated between the municipalities of Jacmel et Bainet. The name La Vallée de Jacmel could translate as "The Valley of Jacmel" but it is actually located 800 meters above sea level.
Demography.
As of March 2009 Lavallée had 36,188 inhabitants. The small urbanized area of Ridoré had 1039 people with 239 households, roughly about 3.13% of the total population. The area's population has a slightly above the average in Haiti, mixed raced heritage due mostly to French ancestry. Lavallée has an extensive diaspora in the United States and Canada due to a substantial emigration beginning in the 1950s.
Administration.
Ridoré is Lavallée's administrative district. The other sublocalities are
History.
Lavallée really started to gain importance by 1910 when it was raised as a parish. The first resident priest was Léon Bonnaud, from Brittany France.
Father Bonnaud played a major part in the development of the area setting forth the construction of its first masonry accommodations. The Presbytery in 1912, the St John the Baptist parish church completed in 1922, the boy's school, école Léonce Mégie in 1926, and the girl's school, école St Paul inaugurated in 1931, shortly after his departure. 
He also built the first dispensary, structured and enlarged the local open air market, one of the most important in the area.
Lavallée was a pioneer in the Haitian "cooperative movement" with the founding of the historic "Caisse Populaire" in 1946.
An association of locals, created CODEVA in 1975, an organization who initiated many development projects such as building the St Joseph hospital or the Lycée Philippe Jules.
Places of interest.
St John the Baptist church, completed In 1922.
Bust of Fr. Bonnaud, founder of the parish.
Breathtaking panoramic view of the bay of Bainet, the Caribbean Sea and its surrounding mountains.
The open air market fair, every Friday.
The L'Etang river and waterfalls.
The Séjourné pit, one of the deepest in the Caribbean, 167 meters.
Facilities.
The municipality is home to the "Saint Joseph" hospital.
A police station, Tribunal. A public high school, the Lycée Philippe Jules. The historic "Caisse Populaire".
One hotel, the Auberge du Mont Saint Jean. An inn, the Prag Hotel. A modern bakery at Ternier. A morgue.

</doc>
<doc id="18453234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18453234" title="Garden Island Creek">
Garden Island Creek

Garden Island Creek is a small community south west of Hobart, in the Huon Valley in Tasmania. The area was originally settled during the 19th Century primarily due to the large supply of good timber readily available; and the local geography which enabled vessels to go up the creek during high tide to collect the wood. The area currently has a number of permanent residents along with those that visit for weekends and holidays. 
Garden Island Creek Post Office opened around 1875 and closed in 1969.
There was a local cricket team in the early part of the 20th Century although no team currently exists. There is a small beach at Garden Island Creek which has a direct view of Garden Island (a short distance across the water) which strangely enough has the appearance of a fish when photographed from the air. There is a public phone box close to the creek and next to the Channel Highway (B68).
There is a garden nursery in the community and within a short drive a number of vineyards and fruit farms.

</doc>
<doc id="18453241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18453241" title="Marigot, Sud-Est">
Marigot, Sud-Est

Marigot (Creole: "Marigo") is a municipality in the Jacmel Arrondissement, in the Sud-Est Department of Haiti.
It has 50,734 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="18453259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18453259" title="Marc Trujillo">
Marc Trujillo

Marc Trujillo (1966-) is an American painter. 
Artistic Style.
His paintings depict places common to North American urban and suburban landscapes such as big chain and warehouse stores, gas stations, shopping malls, and chain restaurants. 
Trujillo’s paintings are fundamentally synthetic in nature, and represent not only the experience of direct observation, but also an appreciation and awareness of paintings and painters of the past. Each finished painting is the sum of a series of steps that begin with drawing and preparatory sketches. Before beginning the final oil painting, Trujillo completes a grisaille, a monochromatic underpainting that allows him to establish the initial composition of each work. 
Personal.
Trujillo was born in Albuquerque, New Mexico and currently resides in Los Angeles where teaches at Santa Monica College. He received his BA in 1991 from the University of Texas at Austin and his MFA in 1994 from the Yale University School of Art where he received the Ely Harwood Schless Memorial Fund Prize as well as the Ellen Battell Stoeckel Trust Fellowship.
Awards.
In 2001, Trujillo received the Louis Comfort Tiffany Foundation Award and in 2008, he received the Rosenthal Family Foundation Award in Art from the American Academy of Arts and Letters as well as the John Simon Guggenheim Fellowship. 

</doc>
<doc id="18453266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18453266" title="Thiotte">
Thiotte

Thiotte (Creole: "Tyòt") is a municipality in the Belle-Anse Arrondissement, in the Sud-Est Department of Haiti.
It has 23,041 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="18453277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18453277" title="Zlatna Koka (album)">
Zlatna Koka (album)

Zlatna Koka is the sixth studio album by the pop-folk singer Goga Sekulić, released on 9 July 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18453296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18453296" title="Lucien Michard">
Lucien Michard

Lucien Michard (born Épinay-sur-Seine, France, 17 November 1903, died 1 November 1985) was a French racing cyclist and Olympic track champion. He won four successive world championships and lost a fifth even though he crossed the line first.
He won a gold medal in the sprint at the 1924 Summer Olympics in Paris.
Origins.
Lucien Michard was the son of a garage owner—"a stocky, severe-looking man whose bowler hat could be spotted a mile away"—in the northern Paris suburb of Saint-Denis He worked for his father but spent much of his time training at the Parc des Princes or the Cipale velodrome in Vincennes. He started racing in 1921, winning the "Médaille" competition for novices at the Vélodrome d'Hiver, "a frail and timid lad of 17...who would dominate the world scene for many years", as René de Latour described him.
He became national sprint champion at 19. In 1924 he won the Olympic sprint, beating Jaap Meijer of the Netherlands, and the world amateur championship, beating Lucien Faucheux of France. He turned professional in 1925. René de Latour wrote in Sporting Cyclist:
World championship upset.
Michard won the world professional championship in four successive years, starting at Cologne in 1927. In fact he won five, but amid unusual circumstances. Michard beat Jef Scherens in the semi-final of the championship at Copenhagen in 1931 and reached the final against the local rider, Willy Falk Hansen. Hansen had, like Michard, won the world sprint championship and Olympic kilometre in 1928 but he was not seen as a contender against Michard.
Michard finished half a metre ahead of Hansen and appeared to have become world champion for a record fifth year. He and Hansen circled the track together and Hansen raised Michard's arm in acknowledgement of victory. Moments later, the announcer said it was Hansen who had won. There was immediate commotion around the chief judge, Alban Collignon, who was president of the Belgian Cycling Association. He quickly realised his mistake.
He had watched the riders start the run to the line and had seen Hansen on the inside of the track and Michard outside him. The winner crossed the line on the inside of the track and Collignon announced him as Hansen. The two riders had, however, changed position and it was Michard who won.
Collignon was willing to change his decision but the rules prevented it. The rule was that the judge's decision, once announced, was final. It was intended to stop riders disputing a result. That was what it prevented for both Hansen and Michard, but the Union Cycliste Internationale hadn't foreseen that a judge might wish to change his mind.
Michard challenged the UCI but the court ruled the event was out of its authority and the UCI did not reverse the decision and Hansen wore the rainbow jersey of world champion for the rest of the year. He wore it in the many revenge matches that he and Michard were contracted to ride around Europe. Michard wore a jersey of his own, showing not rainbow stripes but globes of the world.
The episode ended Michard's career at the top. He was displaced by another little sprinter, Jef Scherens of Belgium, to whom Michard finished second in 1931 and 1933. He did, however, win national championships in 1933, 1934 and 1935, before a strike with other riders against what they saw as poor payments at the Parc des Princes and Vélodrome d'Hiver led to a newspaper campaign which prompted his retirement. He began selling bicycles made under his name and sponsored a professional team in 1939 along with the tyre maker, Hutchinson.
A road is named after him in Aiguillon, where he lived most of his life.

</doc>
<doc id="18453299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18453299" title="Mark Boal">
Mark Boal

Mark Boal (born 1973) is an American journalist, screenwriter and film producer. Before he became a prominent figure of cinema, Boal worked as a journalist for such publications like "Rolling Stone", "The Village Voice" and "Playboy". Boal's 2004 article "Death and Dishonor" led to the film "In the Valley of Elah", which Boal also co-wrote. In 2009, he wrote and produced "The Hurt Locker", for which he won both the Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay and the Academy Award for Best Picture. In 2012, he wrote and produced the controversial "Zero Dark Thirty", teaming again with Kathryn Bigelow, about the track and capture of Osama bin Laden. The film earned him two other Academy Award nominations for Best Original Screenplay and Best Picture and a Writers Guild of America Award for Best Original Screenplay. 
As of 2013, Boal has won two Academy Awards (four nominations), a BAFTA Award, two Writers Guild of America Awards, a Producers Guild of America Award and four Golden Globe Award nominations. He has also won several critics awards. 
Early life and education.
Mark Boal was born in 1973 in New York City, the son of Lillian Michel (née Firestone) and William Stetson Boal, Jr., a producer of educational films. His half-brother is author Christopher Stetson Boal. Boal attended Bronx High School of Science and was on the high school's Speech and Debate Team. He earned his undergraduate degree in Philosophy from Oberlin College in 1995.
Career.
Boal has worked as a freelance journalist and screenwriter. He has contributed articles to such magazines as "The Village Voice", "Rolling Stone", and "Playboy".
Boal's 2004 article "Death and Dishonor", about the 2003 murder of veteran Richard T. Davis after his return to the United States, was published in "Playboy" magazine. It inspired writer/director Paul Haggis, who adapted it for his fictional screenplay for the film "In the Valley of Elah", which he also directed. Boal and Haggis have writing credit for the story.
As a journalist, Boal was embedded with troops and bomb squads in 2004 during the Iraq War. He wrote an article about one of the bomb experts, Sergeant Jeffrey S. Sarver, in an article entitled "The Man in the Bomb Suit", published in September 2005 in "Playboy" magazine.
Boal went on to write an original screenplay titled "The Hurt Locker" about a fictional set of characters and events based on his interviews and observations in Iraq. He was also a producer for the 2009 film adaptation set in Iraq, about a U.S. Army Explosive Ordnance Disposal (EOD) bomb squad. The film was directed by Kathryn Bigelow, his business partner and co-producer.
In March 2010 (five days before the Academy Awards ceremony), Master Sergeant Jeffrey S. Sarver announced he was suing the producers of "The Hurt Locker" because screenwriter Mark Boal allegedly based the main character and "virtually all of the situations" in the film on events involving him. Sarver also claimed to have coined the phrase "the hurt locker".
The producers' spokesperson has reiterated the screenplay is fictional. In addition, citations for the phrase "the hurt locker", date back to 1966 during the years of the Vietnam War. The phrase has been used among military members for decades. In the December 8, 2011 issue of The Hollywood Reporter, it was announced that Master Sergeant Sarver's lawsuit was thrown out by the court, and a federal judge ordered him to pay more than $180,000 in attorney fees.
He wrote an essay in "Rolling Stone" about the Maywand District murders titled: "The Kill Team: How U.S. Soldiers in Afghanistan Murdered Innocent Civilians".
Boal wrote the film "Zero Dark Thirty", which was released in December 2012. The film opened to much critical acclaim, but was also criticized for its scenes of torture (allegedly assuming a pro-torture stance). He was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay and the film was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Picture. He lost to Quentin Tarantino who was nominated for "Django Unchained".

</doc>
<doc id="18453307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18453307" title="Béatrice Hess">
Béatrice Hess

Béatrice Pierre Hess (born 10 November 1961 in Colmar) is a French Paralympic swimmer. The French newspaper "L'Humanité" has described her as "one of the best swimmers in the world", while the magazine "Marianne" has described her as "the French Thorpedo".
Competing at the Paralympic Games, Hess won four gold medals in 1984, one in 1988, six in 1996, and seven in 2000. She also broke nine world records at the 2000 Paralympics in Sydney. At the 2004 Games, she won two gold and three silver medals.
Hess has cerebral palsy, and competes in the S5 disability classification.

</doc>
<doc id="18453309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18453309" title="Henry H. Huson House and Water Tower">
Henry H. Huson House and Water Tower

The Henry H. Huson House and Water Tower in Plymouth, Wisconsin was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980. 
There is a locally landmarked Victorian house operated as a Bed & Breakfast named Gilbert Huson House which appears to be a different house nearby, perhaps adjacent. The history of the Gilbert Huson House mentions: "In 1988, the Gilbert Huson House was designated a Sheboygan County Landmark. The home operated as Yankee Hill Bed and Breakfast in conjunction with the Henry Huson House until we purchased it in 2003. We renamed it after its original owner, Gilbert L. Huson."
Water tower.
The water tower was built across the street from the Henry H. Huson residence in 1885. The private water tower was powered by a windmill. It was operated for about 15 years until Plymouth installed their traditional municipal water system.

</doc>
<doc id="18453313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18453313" title="Sainte-Suzanne, Nord-Est">
Sainte-Suzanne, Nord-Est

Sainte-Suzanne (Creole: "Sent Sizàn") is a municipality in the Trou-du-Nord Arrondissement, in the Nord-Est Department of Haiti.
It has 21,617 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="18453330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18453330" title="Gelora Bumi Kartini Stadium">
Gelora Bumi Kartini Stadium

Gelora Bumi Kartini Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Jepara, Indonesia. It is currently used mostly for football matches. The stadium holds 25,000 people. 

</doc>
<doc id="18453331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18453331" title="Drum (album)">
Drum (album)

Drum is the first release from art rock band Hugo Largo. It was produced by Michael Stipe (who also provides backing vocals on two of the tracks) and released by Brian Eno's record label, Opal, on January 1, 1988. It had originally been released in shorter form as an EP in 1987. The Guardian included it in a list of "1000 Albums to Hear Before You Die" in 2007. It was reissued by All Saints Records in 2005.
Notes.
"Fancy" is a cover of a song first released by The Kinks on their album "Face to Face".

</doc>
<doc id="18453359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18453359" title="Maritime Air Charter">
Maritime Air Charter

Maritime Air Charter Limited is an on-demand aircraft charter company based at the Halifax International Airport in Enfield and Halifax Regional Municipality, Canada. It operates passenger and cargo services, and is the contracted fixed wing service provider for Sable Island.
History.
Maritime Air Charter Limited began operations in 1996 with a Piper Navajo. In 2000 they acquired a second Navajo, followed by a third in 2001. In response to customer requests for a pressurized turbine aircraft, the company purchased a Beechcraft A100 King Air in 2003 and retired one of its Navajos. In 2006, Maritime Air Charter acquired a Britten-Norman Islander, and was awarded the contract for fixed-wing services to Sable Island.
Fleet.
As of July 2008 the Maritime Air Charter Limited fleet includes:

</doc>
<doc id="18453403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18453403" title="Truck Stop Women">
Truck Stop Women

Truck Stop Women is a 1974 film, directed by Mark L. Lester and partly financed by Phil Gramm, about a mother and daughter who run a brothel for truckers on the New Mexico highways, and fight back when the Mafia tries to take over their operation. Claudia Jennings appears in this film and is naked throughout most of it. It has a great deal of country music, including a "truckin' music video" inserted about halfway through. The movie's catchphrase is, "No rig was too big for them to handle!"

</doc>
<doc id="18453408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18453408" title="Insolvency law of Switzerland">
Insolvency law of Switzerland

The insolvency law of Switzerland is the law governing insolvency, foreclosure, bankruptcy and debt restructuring proceedings in Switzerland. It is principally codified in the "Federal Statute on Debt Enforcement and Bankruptcy" (; ) of 11 April 1889 (as amended) as well as in ancillary federal and cantonal laws.
For historical reasons, Swiss federal law only covers the enforcement of monetary debts payable in Swiss francs, while non-monetary obligations are enforced according to cantonal rules of procedure. These cantonal rules of procedure will in 2011 be replaced by Switzerland's first national Code of Civil Procedure ("Schweizerische Zivilprozessordnung, ZPO").
Introductory proceedings.
Creditors may initiate debt enforcement proceedings ("Betreibungsverfahren / procédure de poursuite") by filing a debt collection request ("Betreibungsbegehren / réquisition de poursuite") against the debtor with the competent cantonal debt collection office (DCO; "Betreibungsamt / office des poursuites"). That request does not require any proof of the validity of the creditor's claim. The DCO will then serve a summons for payment ("Zahlungsbefehl / commandement de payer") on the debtor.
If the debtor contests the creditor's claim, he may lodge a verbal or written objection ("Rechtsvorschlag / Opposition") with the DCO within ten days of the receipt of the summons for payment. In that event, the creditor must procure a court order dismissing the objection ("Rechtsöffnung / mainlevée de l'opposition") in order to proceed with the enforcement of his claim:
If the debtor does not file an objection, or after the objection has been validly dismissed by the courts, the creditor may request execution proceedings to be initiated.
Execution proceedings.
The form of the execution proceedings generally depends on the nature of the debt and on the legal status of the debtor (although numerous exceptions and some special modes of execution exist):
Debt collection by realising pledged property or seizure of assets.
The seizure of assets is initiated by an application for continuation ("Fortsetzungsbegehren / demande de continuation") filed by the creditor with the DCO. Unless the proceedings are limited to an item of pledged property to begin with (as in the case of foreclosure), the DCO will inventory all assets of the debtor (such as cash, valuables, real estate and future salary payments) and seize them ("Pfändung / saisie") to the extent that is required to satisfy the involved creditor(s).
Any non-liquid assets are generally sold by the DCO at a public auction. Items secured by a prior pledge or mortgage are sold only at a price sufficient to cover the amount of the mortgage, unless the creditor holding the security has requested the seizure and liquidation himself. If the proceeds of the liquidation do not cover the debt(s) at issue as well as the cost of the proceedings, the creditors receive a certificate of unpaid debts ("Verlustschein / acte de défaut de biens") that allows them to re-initiate execution proceedings at a later time.
Debt collection by bankruptcy.
The proceedings of debt collection by bankruptcy under Swiss law are roughly comparable to those under Chapter 7 of the U.S. bankruptcy code. Bankruptcy ("Konkurs / faillite") must be declared by the competent cantonal court on the request of the creditor. Once it is declared, the debtor loses all control over his assets and business, and the cantonal bankruptcy office (BO) establishes a provisional inventory of the assets.
If the assets appear sufficient to cover at least the cost of bankruptcy proceedings, the BO publishes the bankruptcy in the Swiss Official Gazette of Commerce (SOGC), whereby all creditors are asked to submit their claims to the BO. The BO also calls a creditors' meeting within 20 days, in which the creditors may entrust either a private trustee or the BO with the administration of the bankruptcy.
Various court proceedings may be initiated at this stage between the creditors, the debtor, the bankruptcy administrator and third parties to determine the validity of the creditors' claims, their relative rank, and the assignment of disputed assets or liabilities to the debtor or to third parties. Once the schedule of claims ("Kollokationsplan / état de collocation") as well as the assets and liabilities of the debtor are no longer contested, the second creditors' meeting may decide on the mode of liquidation of the bankrupt business; this may include a sale at auction or a direct sale of assets.
The proceeds of the liquidation are discharged to the creditors in accordance to their rank as established in the schedule of claims. Certain creditors (such as employees for the salaries of up to six months, or for social security payments) are accorded a higher rank by law and are paid out before all other creditors. To the extent the creditors remain unpaid, they receive certificates to that effect by the BO, but they may not initiate new insolvency proceedings against the debtor unless they can prove that he has acquired new assets.
Debtor protection.
At most stages of the debt enforcement process, the law allows the debtor to stay the proceedings by settling his debts, coming to an accommodation with his debtors or requesting a court to examine the (continued) validity of the debtors' claims. Certain assets that are considered essential to the financial and physical survival of the debtor and his family are also exempt from all enforcement proceedings.
Security measures.
Creditors may request the courts to take certain measures to secure the debtor's assets in order to make them available for eventual liquidation. The most important of these measures are the arrest of assets ("Arrest / séquestre") and the challenge of unfair preferences ("Anfechtung / révocation").
Arrest.
Creditors may request a court to order an arrest to be laid on certain assets belonging to the debtor. The arrest has the effect of a provisional seizure of these assets. 
An arrest may only be ordered if the creditor can establish the "prima facie" validity of his claim as well as one of several statutory prerequisites for an arrest. An arrest may notably be imposed if the debtor holds a certificate of unpaid debts against the debtor, if the debtor attempts to hide or dispose of his assets, or if the debtor is not resident in Switzerland. The arrest of the assets of foreign debtors also establishes a venue in Switzerland under Swiss private international law in which the debtor may be sued by the creditor, except if the Lugano Convention is applicable.
The arrest ends if it is successfully appealed in court, or if the creditor does not prosecute his claim by means of a lawsuit or a debt collection request within ten days after the arrest.
Challenge of unfair preferences.
Creditors who hold a certificate of unpaid debts against the debtor, or creditors in a bankruptcy, may file suit against third parties who have benefited from unfair preferences or fraudulent transfers by the debtor prior to a seizure of assets or a bankruptcy. If the challenge succeeds, the third party must return the assets formerly belonging to the debtor to the DBO or the BO, as the case may be, and the debtor may also be liable for criminal prosecution for bankruptcy fraud.
The law distinguishes three kinds of challenges:
Debt restructuring.
The law provides for debt restructuring agreements ("Nachlassvertrag / concordat"), comparable to Chapter 11 proceedings in the United States. These are court-mediated or out-of-court settlements between the debtor and his creditors aimed at preempting full bankruptcy proceedings.
Debt restructuring moratorium.
If out-of-court settlement efforts fail or are not undertaken, the debtor or a creditor may initiate the statutory proceedings by petitioning the competent cantonal court for a provisional, then a definitive debt restructuring moratorium ("Nachlassstundung / sursis concordataire"). The moratorium may last for four to six months, but may be prolonged to up to 24 months in exceptionally complex cases. It suspends or prevents most debt enforcement proceedings against the debtor, but also makes most business decisions of the debtor subject to approval by a court-appointed administrator ("Sachwalter / commissaire").
The administrator must inventory the debtors' assets, publish a call to the creditors and negotiate a debt restructuring agreement with the creditors. If the agreement is not concluded or if the moratorium expires, any creditor may request an immediate declaration of bankruptcy.
Debt restructuring agreement.
A statutory debt restructuring agreement requires the consent of either a majority of the creditors representing two thirds of the sum of the claims, or a quarter of the creditors representing at least three quarters of the sum of the claims; in addition, it must be ratified by the court. It may be negotiated during a debt restructuring moratorium, as described above, or in the course of bankruptcy proceedings. Once concluded, it takes effect with respect to all creditors and sets an end to all ongoing debt enforcement proceedings.
Two types of restructuring agreements can be concluded:
Settlement of private debt by agreement.
Debtors who are not subject to bankruptcy proceedings, such as private individuals, may petition the court for the settlement of private debt by agreement ("Einvernehmliche private Schuldenbereinigung / règlement amiable des dettes").
If the court approves the petition, it orders a moratorium on the enforcement of most debts, which may be prolonged to up until six months. The court also appoints an administrator, who is tasked to negotiate an out-of-court settlement with the creditors. If the negotiations fail or the moratorium expires, normal debt enforcement proceedings may resume.

</doc>
<doc id="18453419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18453419" title="Karakhs">
Karakhs

Karakhs may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18453426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18453426" title="Jacobus van Egmond">
Jacobus van Egmond

Jacobus van Egmond (17 February 1908 in Haarlem – 9 January 1969 in Haarlem) was a Dutch racing cyclist and Olympic champion in track cycling.
He received a gold medal in "sprint" at the 1932 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles.

</doc>
<doc id="18453463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18453463" title="Gordon Slethaug">
Gordon Slethaug

Gordon E. Slethaug is an American Canadian professor of English currently working at the University of Southern Denmark, Campus Kolding. He was the head of the American Studies Programme at the University of Hong Kong. He worked also at the University of Waterloo at Waterloo, Ontario, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="18453514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18453514" title="Atlantic history">
Atlantic history

Atlantic history is a specialty field in history that studies of the Atlantic World in the early modern period. It is premised on the idea that, following the rise of sustained European contact with the New World in the 16th century, the continents that bordered the Atlantic Ocean—the Americas, Europe, and Africa—constituted a regional system or common sphere of economic and cultural exchange that can be studied as a totality.
Its theme is the complex interaction between Europe (Britain, France, the Iberian Peninsula) and the New World colonies. It encompasses a wide range of demographic, social, economic, political, legal, military, intellectual and religious topics treated in comparative fashion by looking at both sides of the Atlantic. Religious revivals characterized Britain and Germany, as well as the First Great Awakening in the American colonies. Migration and race/slavery have been important topics. 
Practitioners of Atlantic history typically focus on the interconnections and exchanges between these regions and the civilizations they harbored. In particular, they argue that the boundaries between nation states which traditionally determined the limits of older historiography should not be applied to such transnational phenomena as slavery, colonialism, missionary activity and economic expansion. Environmental history and the study of historical demography also play an important role, as many key questions in the field revolve around the ecological and epidemiological impact of the Columbian Exchange.
Robert R. Palmer, an American historian of the French Revolution, pioneered the concept in the 1950s with a wide-ranging comparative history of how numerous nations experienced what he called the "The Age of the Democratic Revolution: A Political History of Europe and America, 1760-1800" (1959 and 1964). Since the 1980s Atlantic history has emerged as an increasingly popular alternative to the older discipline of imperial history, although it could be argued that the field is simply a refinement and reorientation of traditional historiography dealing with the interaction between early modern Europeans and native peoples in the Atlantic sphere. The organization of Atlantic History as a recognized area of historiography began in the 1980s under the impetus of American historians Bernard Bailyn of Harvard University and Jack P. Greene of Johns Hopkins University, among others. The post-World War II integration of the European Union and the continuing importance of NATO played an indirect role in stimulating interest throughout the 1990s.
Bailyn.
Bailyn's Seminar on the History of the Atlantic World promoted social and demographic studies, and especially regarding demographic flows of population into colonial America. As a leading advocate of the history of the Atlantic world, Bailyn has organized an annual international seminar at Harvard designed to promote scholarship in this field. Bailyn's "Atlantic History: Concepts and Contours" (2005) explores the borders and contents of the emerging field, which emphasizes cosmopolitan and multicultural elements that have tended to be neglected or considered in isolation by traditional historiography dealing with the Americas. Bailyn's reflections stem in part from his seminar at Harvard since the mid-1980s. 
Greene directed a program at Johns Hopkins in Atlantic History from 1972 to 1992 that has now expanded to global concerns.
Other scholars in the field include John Coombs, Anthony Grafton, Felipe Armesto-Mestre Anthony Pagden, Karen Ordahl Kupperman, James D. Tracy, John Huxtable Elliott, Carla G. Pestana, Isaac Land, and Jorge Canizares-Esguerra.
Perspectives.
Games (2006) explores the convergence of the multiple strands of scholarly interest that have generated the new field of Atlantic history, which takes as its geographic unit of analysis the Atlantic Ocean and the four continents that surround it. She argues Atlantic history is best approached as a slice of world history. The Atlantic, moreover, is a region that has logic as a unit of historical analysis only within a limited chronology. An Atlantic perspective can help historians understand changes within the region that a more limited geographic framework might obscure. Attempts to write a Braudelian Atlantic history, one that includes and connects the entire region, remain elusive, driven in part by methodological impediments, by the real disjunctions that characterized the Atlantic's historical and geographic components, by the disciplinary divisions that discourage historians from speaking to and writing for each other, and by the challenge of finding a vantage point that is not rooted in any single place.
Colonial studies.
One impetus for Atlantic studies began with the historians of slavery who started tracking the flows of slaves from Africa to the New World in the 1960s. A second source came from historians of colonial America. Many were trained in early modern European history and were familiar with the historiography regarding England and the British Empire., which had been introduced a century before by George Louis Beer and Charles McLean Andrews. Colonialists have long been open to interdisciplinary perspectives, such as comparative approaches. In addition there was a frustration involved in writing about very few people in a small remote colony. Atlantic history opens the horizon to large forces at work over great distances.
Criticism.
Some critics have complained that Atlantic history is little more than imperial history under another name. Others argue that it is simultaneously too expansive (pretending to subsume both of the American continents, Africa and Europe, without seriously engaging with them) and too small (arbitrarily isolating the Atlantic from other bodies of water).
Steele (2009), a Canadian scholar, argues that Atlantic history will tend to draw students beyond their national myths, while offering historical support for such policies as the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), the Organization of American States, NATO (North Atlantic Treaty Organization), the New Europe, Christendom, and even the United Nations. He concludes, "The early modern Atlantic can even be read as a natural antechamber for American‐led globalization of capitalism and serve as an historical challenge to the coalescing New Europe. No wonder that the academic reception of the new Atlantic history has been enthusiastic in the United States, and less so in Britain, France, Spain, and Portugal, where histories of national Atlantic empires continue to thrive."

</doc>
<doc id="18453539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18453539" title="Young Steff">
Young Steff

Stephen Goldsborough (born December 7, 1988), better known by his stage name Young Steff, is an American R&B, Hip Hop, and Pop singer-songwriter currently signed to Richcraft/Atlantic Records and managed by Larock Artists. Steff was born in Vineland, New Jersey. His father was a member of the gospel group Spirit, and his aunt—Gina Thompson—has worked with producer Rodney Jerkins. By 8, Steff traveled with and sang alongside his father's group, Spirit. Steff won talent shows, including the McDonald's Apollo kid's competition in Philadelphia, his path to success seemed relatively straightforward, especially at age 12 when his demo landed in the hands of then Roc-A-Fella Records executives Jay-Z and Damon Dash, and they signed him to their music label. While with the Roc, Steff had success and scored a hit with the song "Can I Holla" that featured Bow Wow. In 2005, Dame and Jay parted ways: Steff chose to become a free agent.
After the controversial Roc-A-Fella split, Steff was led to super producer Rich Harrison (who produced hits such as Amerie "1 Thing ", Jennifer Lopez "Get Right", and Beyoncé "Crazy In Love") who offered to sign the young performer to his growing Richcraft label through Atlantic Records after an impromptu audition, with dancers in tow. Now since the controversial Roc-A-Fella Records split in 2005, Young Steff is back on track with a solo-record debut rumored to be titled "Jump It Off", which was due out September 18, 2008. Steff has described this album to be a young man's journey to adulthood with the wide-eyed wonderment of a boy still in awe of his sudden rise to R&B-icon status. Steff collaborated with Trick Daddy on the song "Chevy".
Forthcoming debut album.
The album is called "Jump It Off".
Tracks on the album include the Bryan Michael Cox produced, "If You Let Me," an up-tempo classic ballad, "Feeling Myself," a sexy tune with a heavy-hitting bass produced by Rich Harrison, "Take It or Leave It," sung in a confident falsetto, "Hallway," where Steff pours his heart out with colorful verse written by him, and "Dat Gurl Right Der," and "Put That on Everything".
His first single was "Professional" which is produced by up and coming producer Chase N. Cashe of Zone 4 Inc.
His second single is "Slow Jukin" Produced by Chris 'TEK' O'Ryan and Durrell 'Bishop' Scott for NewFaze Entertainment.

</doc>
<doc id="18453553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18453553" title="1925–26 Montreal Canadiens season">
1925–26 Montreal Canadiens season

The 1925–26 Montreal Canadiens season was the team's 17th season and ninth as a member of the National Hockey League (NHL). The Canadiens lost their star goalie Georges Vezina to tuberculosis and struggled as a team, not making the playoffs. The league added teams in Pittsburgh and New York, New York taking the players of the former Hamilton Tigers franchise.
The team had a large turnover of personnel, partly due to Vezina's leaving. Alphonse Lacroix, Herb Rheaume and Bill Taugher all appeared in the Canadien's net. New players included Bill Holmes, Wildor Larochelle, Albert Leduc, Alfred Lepine, Hector Lepine, Joe Matte and Roland Paulhus. Departures included the Cleghorn brothers, Odie and Sprague. Odie signed with Pittsburgh as playing-coach and Sprague was traded to the Boston Bruins for $5,000 on November 8, 1925. Cecil Hart took over as coach from Leo Dandurand, and Billy Coutu was named team captain.
Regular season.
From 1911 Georges Vezina had been the Montreal Canadiens goaltender, and had led them to the Cup in 1924. In the first game of this season, he collapsed on the ice as the second period got underway. It was found that he had contracted tuberculosis and could no longer play. He went home to Chicoutimi, Quebec, where he died in March 1926. The team struggled with several goaltenders before Herb Rheaume won the job, but the team finished last.
In the second half of the season, the team had a twelve-game losing streak, from February 13, losing 0–3 to Pittsburgh, until March 16, winning 6–1 over Toronto.
Playoffs.
The Canadiens did not qualify for the playoffs.
Player stats.
Scoring leaders.
"Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points"
Leading goaltenders.
"GP = Games played, GA = Goals against, SO = shutouts, GAA = Goals against average"
Roster.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="18453557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18453557" title="Trey Brewer">
Trey Brewer

William Trey Brewer (born July 24, 1985 in Atlanta, GA) is a former American amateur bodybuilder who competed in both the NPC Super-Heavyweight division and at the national level. After having received a formidable marketing contract from the supplement company BSN due to his enormous physique and his desire for even more muscle, the bodybuilding and supplement industry's expectations were very high for the aspiring young athlete. However, after a disappointing 2009 season, BSN parted ways with Trey Brewer. Since 2010 he has bowed out of competitive bodybuilding and is said to be pursuing a career in firefighting as well as working as a personal trainer for Titanz Fitness in Smyrna, GA.

</doc>
<doc id="18453561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18453561" title="Kidz Bop 14">
Kidz Bop 14

Kidz Bop 14 is the 14th edition of the Kidz Bop series. The album was released on July 29, 2008.
Track listing.
"All songs are performed by the Kidz Bop Kids. The artist indicated in parentheses after each song title is the original artist with whom the song is associated." Sean Kingston sings Take You There with the Kidz Bop Kids on "Kidz Bop 14".

</doc>
<doc id="18453564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18453564" title="Nymphaea macrosperma">
Nymphaea macrosperma

Nymphaea macrosperma, Water lily, is an emergent water plant native to northern Australia.
The water lily occurs in freshwater lagoons, and has large round leaves that float on the water surface.
Uses.
The plant is a traditional Aboriginal bushfood. The seeds are usually described as "sweet like a pea" and are eaten for lunch.

</doc>
<doc id="18453629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18453629" title="Eochaid Iarlaithe">
Eochaid Iarlaithe

Eochaid Iarlaithe mac Lurgain (died 666) was a Dal nAraide king of the Cruithne in Ulaid (Ulster). He was the son of Fiachnae mac Báetáin (died 626) a king of all Ulaid and possible high king. He belonged to the main ruling dynasty of the Dal nAraide known as the Uí Chóelbad based in Mag Line, east of Antrim town in modern county Antrim.
In the 6th and 7th centuries the Dal nAraide were part of a confederation of Cruithne tribes in Ulaid (Ulster) and were the dominant members. The chronology of the Kings of Dál nAraidi is difficult to ascertain between the Battle of Mag Roth in 637 and the plague of 666. He most likely ruled from 646 to 666. The "Annals of Ulster" give him the title King of the Cruithne at his death obit in 666 and he is listed in the king lists.
A Middle Irish language verse tale of the 10th century, Fingal Rónáin (The Kinslaying of Rónán), also known as Aided Máele Fothartaig meic Rónáin (The Killing of Máel Fothartaig mac Rónáin) has details regarding Eochaid preserved in the "Fragmentary Annals of Ireland". Eochaid's young daughter was married to the older Rónán Crach mac Áedo of the Uí Máil in Leinster, however she fell in love with her stepson Máel Fothartaig and attempted to seduce him. He however refused her advances and so she framed him telling her husband that he had tried to force himself upon her. As a result her husband killed his son. Later the foster brothers of Máel Fothartaig killed Eochaid Iarlaithe in revenge. 
Eochaid's son Lethlobar mac Echach (died 709) was also a king of Dal nAraide.

</doc>
<doc id="18453634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18453634" title="Katrina Elam (album)">
Katrina Elam (album)

Katrina Elam is the self-titled debut album of American country music artist Katrina Elam. It was released in 2004 (see 2004 in country music) on the Universal South Records label. The album peaked at #42 on the "Billboard" Top Country Albums charts and #33 on Top Heatseekers. It also produced two singles in "No End in Sight" and "I Want a Cowboy", which respectively reached #29 and #59 on the Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) charts.
After the release of "Katrina Elam", Elam recorded a second album for Universal South in 2007, entitled "Turn Me Up". Although two of this album's tracks charted, the album itself was not released, and Elam exited Universal South's roster.

</doc>
<doc id="18453665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18453665" title="Electoral results for the Division of Parkes">
Electoral results for the Division of Parkes

This is a list of electoral results for the Division of Parkes in Australian federal elections from the division's creation in 1984 until the present.

</doc>
<doc id="18453684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18453684" title="Ryder Skye">
Ryder Skye

Ryder Skye is an American pornographic film actress.
Biography.
Skye is of Japanese and Caucasian descent whose career background centered around screen acting in which she trained for over 15 years. The 5'2" 100-pound Skye calls her start in adult video "unexpected." 
A self-described fan of a wide range of music, members of L.A. Guns, W.A.S.P., White Lion and Black Line appeared at Skye's birthday at the Universal CityWalk. She was also a frequent co-host of adult personality Tony Batman's A! Entertainment.
Skye, in 2011 opened an online store, Purely Skye Designs, which features original handcrafted jewelry and accessories. In 2013 she partnered up to start a new company RatedXteez (aka XXXteez), where she designs screen printed t-shirts with explicit sayings. She continues to pursue a degree in gender studies with a minor in human sexuality. As an active feminist, she identifies herself as being sex-positive by supporting pornography as a source of empowerment for women and arguing against anti-pornography and radical feminism. She is known in the feminist community for her statement "I feel that the majority of feminists, particularly conservative or radical ones have lost track of the true definition of what feminism is. It's as if they are lost in the idea that women are not sexual creatures just as men, but instead victims to sexuality in general". Skye volunteers by participating in food sorting for AIDS project LA, meal food service at the Union Rescue Mission. After graduating, she plans on going to graduate school to become a marriage counselor and sex therapist after her career in adult video is over; she is a former theatre and graphic design major.
Skye is known in the adult industry for her appearance in feature titles, including movies for Wicked Pictures and Sex Z Pictures. She also has a toy modelled from her from Topco, an adult toy company.
Skye's mainstream career continues to grow as well, having been featured in the 2008 movie "Sex and the City". She appeared with fellow adult actress Roxy DeVille and mainstream actor Gilles Marini. Since then she was featured as an extra in Dexter, appeared on Entertainment Tonight for her Gilligan's Island Adult Parody and the Maury Povich show. In 2009, she was cast as a featured extra in "Pimpin' Pee Wee", a comedy by cult film director Brian Trenchard-Smith and based on the 1982 film "Porky's", and in 2011, she had a small role in the documentary style film "Cinema Salvation".

</doc>
<doc id="18453742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18453742" title="Eiso (Ryukyu)">
Eiso (Ryukyu)

Eiso was a member of the Tenson family; and he is also known as the first of the Eiso Lineage of Ryukyuan monarchs. He served as Regent from 1235 to 1260, and afterwards as king, succeeding Gihon and reigning until his death in 1299.
Eiso's reign is generally seen as one of great growth for the fledgling Okinawan principality. Eiso instituted a variety of tax and land reforms, and the nation recovered from famines and other problems which plagued the previous reigns. Several outlying islands, including Kumejima, Kurama, and Iheya, came into the sphere of Okinawan control, and began sending tribute in 1264. An envoy was sent to Amami Ōshima in 1266, though it was not until much later that Okinawa's sphere of control would be expanded to include the Amami Islands. In short, Eiso's reign saw the establishment of many governmental institutions, and helped to set the foundation for the structure of the government of the following centuries.
Eiso's reign also saw contact with the Mongol Empire, which was at the time planning to invade Japan. Envoys from the court of Kublai Khan arrived in Okinawa twice, in 1272 and 1276, asking that the fledgling kingdom submit to the Mongols' authority and contribute to the effort to invade Japan. The envoys were rebuffed both times, and forcibly repelled the second time, though they made off with 130 Okinawan captives.
Eiso died at the age of 71, and was succeeded by his son Taisei.

</doc>
<doc id="18453744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18453744" title="Hearts of Fencing">
Hearts of Fencing

Hearts of Fencing (當四葉草碰上劍尖時) was a 2003 television drama on Hong Kong station Television Broadcasts Limited. The series, targeted at an audience of teenagers and young adults, focused on the lives of students from an international school, with a heavy theme of fencing.
Description.
This series is based on college life, love, and one sport - fencing. Also the four-leaf clover has a special part in this drama. The Legend of the Four-Leaf Clover goes as each of the four leaves represents love, hope, happiness, and luck. Lam Lam (Race Wong), Ah Lok (Don Li) and Ah Yat (Lai Lok-yi) share a memory of their childhood in which Lam Lam falls off her bicycle and Ah Yat and Ah Lok help her. Ah Yat gives her a four-leaf clover and Ah Lok helps her bandage her cut. Lam Lam thought Ah Yat and Ah Lok were the same person because they wore the same outfit.
The story starts off with Cheng Ka Lam and her aunt, Mei/Miss. Cheng, trying to put together a newspaper group with at least 5 people for the school magazine. Lam makes a bet with her aunt and ends up winning with 5 people joining: "Man Man" (Elaine Yiu), "Ah Ching" (Natalie Tong), who are Lam's best friends, and two more girls, "Dai Sik Mui" (Renee Dai), and "13 Mui". These 5 girls work together to create the school's magazines and soon become best friends.
Four guys, Ah Yat, Ah Lok, Don (Eddie Lee) and Ah Lung (Sam Chan), all got off to a rough start. Like most siblings, Ah Yat, and Ah Lok sometimes bicker, but they are loving brothers who get along well most of the time, although Ah Yat sometimes tries to use his age as an advantage. Don and Ah Lung have been friends since they were little, but Ah Lung is more of Don's little sidekick/lapdog. Ah Lung is very loyal to Don. These two "teams" were rivals and disliked each other, but Fencing coach "Mr. Sword" (Edmond Leung), knows about this, and tries his best to make the "teams" work together by testing them in different ways.
Characters.
-Lam Lam (Race Wong)
Although she is the love interest of Ah Lok and Don, she has her eye out for Ah Yat. Lam Lam enters the drama on the first day of school as she slips on a banana peel dropped by Ah Yat. She likes sodas, and she hiccups every time she hears the word "water". She also likes four-leaf clovers as a result of a childhood memory which involves Ah Yat and Ah Lok.
-Man Man (Elaine Yiu)
Man Man is a nerdy girl with glasses who has a crush on Ah Lung.
-Ah Ching (Natalie Tong) Man Man and Lam Lam's best friend who has a crush on Don; Lam Lam's love rival.
-Dai Sik Mui (Renne Dai)
Short, chubby, happy girl who enjoys the culinary arts. She is also obsessed with eating.
-13 Mui (Kelly Fu)
A pretty girl who usually has a train of boys following her who are desperate for a chance. She likes fashion, style, and relationships. She is the only girl with previous boy/dating experience.
-Ah Yat (Lai Lok-yi)
He is the older brother of Ah Lok. He is very lazy and does whatever he can to just scrape by.
-Ah Lok (Don Li)
He is "the cutest guy of the year" and the younger brother of Ah Yat. He a higher achiever than his brother and is also a better fencer. Also he is desperately in love with Lam Lam
-Ah Lung (Sam Chan)
Don's loyal "servant" and childhood friend. He comes from a poorer village family, but is used to the high-life due to hanging with Ah Don. 
-Don(Eddie Lee)
A self-centered "useless rich guy" who is very materialistic and thinks money is everything. And fights over Lam Lam with Ah Lok.
Reception.
This series has be heavily criticized for its inaccurate portrayal of fencing techniques and scoring methods. For example, one does not slash repeatedly with a foil, and hits should register immediately without delay.

</doc>
<doc id="18453766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18453766" title="List of football stadiums in Brazil">
List of football stadiums in Brazil

The following is a list of football stadiums in Brazil, ordered by capacity. Currently all stadiums with a capacity of 30,000 or more are included.

</doc>
<doc id="18453787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18453787" title="Patricia Buckley Bozell">
Patricia Buckley Bozell

Patricia Buckley Bozell (April 23, 1927 – July 12, 2008) was an American writer. She helped found and served as managing editor of "Triumph", a Catholic opinion journal that lasted for almost a decade. She had also been a freelance editor at Regnery Publishing, "National Review", "The American Spectator", and "Communio: International Catholic Review". She is noted for having attempted to slap Ti-Grace Atkinson at an event at the Catholic University of America after Atkinson blasphemed Jesus Christ and the Virgin Mary
The daughter of William Frank Buckley, Sr. and Aloise Steiner Buckley, she was the wife of L. Brent Bozell Jr. (son of Bozell Worldwide co-founder Leo Bozell), the mother of Media Research Center founder L. Brent Bozell III, and the sister of conservative author William F. Buckley, Jr. and former United States Senator James L. Buckley. She and her husband were also the godparents to novelist Tristan Egolf.

</doc>
<doc id="18453797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18453797" title="Stand up paddle surfing">
Stand up paddle surfing

Stand up paddle surfing (SUP), stand up paddle boarding, or in the Hawaiian language Hoe he'e nalu, is sport originating in Hawaii, an offshoot of surfing, that enables surfers to paddle farther into the ocean than typically. A 2013 report called it the outdoor sporting activity with the most first-time participants of any in the United States that year. Paddlers race on lakes, large rivers and canals, ride standing waves, and glide over long distances along sea coasts, often using tail winds to aid the trip.
Stand up paddlers wear a variety of wet suits and other clothing, depending on both water and air temperature since most of their time is spent standing on the board.
A related, traditional sport, paddleboarding, is done kneeling on a board and paddling with the hands, similar to a butterfly swimming stroke. The term "paddleboarding" is sometimes incorrectly used to refer to standup paddle surfing.
History.
Though there are a few examples of someone standing on a float with a pole or oar earlier, stand up paddle surfing really began taking off after 2005.
Some historians point to this YouTube video of Duke Kahanamoku riding an Australian surf ski as one of the Genesis points of standup paddling. The video was shot in 1939 and Duke is riding a surf ski. According to Australian surf historian Nick Carroll: "What you're seeing is an Australian surf ski. This craft was invented by a bloke in Port Macquarie, New South Wales, around 1912, after he'd become intrigued by the idea of riding waves and discovered his uncle's open canoe wasn't too good at it. (In bumpy Australian sandbar waves, canoes fill with water.) The surf ski was a hollow, wood-constructed craft which was paddled with a twin blade paddle from a sitting position, but a lot of ski riders got into standing up on 'em while riding waves… Duke was given one by a touring Aussie surf team in 1939."
Laird Hamilton and Dave Kalama developed paddle surfing for the modern water sports world. The first "modern" surfer to bring Stand Up Paddle Surfing out of Hawaii and to the mainland United States was Vietnam veteran Rick Thomas. Custom surf shaper Jimmy Lewis, created one of the first modern production boards, the All Around. Traditional style surfers have converted to stand up paddling because of the versatility of the new sport. Stand up paddle boarding offers surfers the ability to catch more waves in a set, as well as offering a better view of incoming sets (ocean 
waves they may want to ride that are approaching from the sea).
Deb and Warren Thomas, owners of Standup Paddle Sports and SurfingSports.com of Santa Barbara, California, pioneered and helped establish the sport and industry of standup paddling in California. Deb Thomas was also the first female standup paddler in North America in 2005.They brought the first production SUPs to market with Maui shaper Sean Ordonez in 2006, and theirs was the first company to open a dedicated SUP store in North America, in 2007.
The first magazine devoted to the sport, "Standup Journal", was founded in June 2007, with its first issue published March the following year. The publication is headquartered in the state of Maine by Clay Feeter and Joyce Bilodeau.
On August 8, 2007, on the North Shore of Lake Tahoe in Tahoe City, California, the first stand up paddle board race was held. In a seven-mile race, 34 male and female competitors competed. This was the beginning of the Ta-Hoe Nalu Paddle Festival.
Kai Lenny claimed the first SUP racing world champion title when he won the seasons finals of the first Standup World Series championship races, held at Turtle Bay Resort, O'Ahu, Hawaii on September 13–14, 2012.
Popularity.
The Outdoor Foundation's 2013 Outdoor Participation Report, stand up paddling was listed as the most popular outdoor activity among first-time participants with 56% of all the first-time participants of outdoor activities in 2013, beating boardsailing/windsurfing which had 43% of first-time participants in 2013. The report also cited the median age for stand up paddling in 2013 as 28, accounting for 63% of all the men and 56% of all the women who participated in outdoor activities during 2013.
Materials and design.
New SUP board prices range from US$600 to US$1500, and most use glass-reinforced plastic construction using polyester or epoxy resin that is compatible with the polyurethane or expanded polystyrene foam used in the core. Some SUP boards use a hollow wood construction instead of foam with epoxy resin. In the last few years inflatable boards have been introduced as well. The boards are generally longer than 9 feet (3 m), and can be longer than 12 feet (4 m), with features such as padded decks and concave hulls; they generally have one or three surfboard-style fins in the stern for tracking.
River specific stand up paddle boards are starting to experiment with different fabrics, and polymers for the abuse the board takes in the river.
Safety and Regulations.
Water safety is practiced and regulated by a wide range of overlapping Federal, State, and local authorities who work to ensure the protection of life and property in coastal zones throughout the world. Depending on which country and locale in which you are surfing, local laws regulating the use of surfboards and SUP boards will vary.
US Safety Regulations.
In many areas of the USA, SUP surfing is treated like body surfing, boogie boarding, or other forms of prone surfing (surfboard riding) and there are no regulations requiring the use of a personal flotation device (PFD) while using a SUP board "in the surf zone". However, given the ease of moving from one area to another on a SUP board be aware that the jurisdictions and "rules requiring a PFD may change" as you travel from the surf zone to internal waters, harbors, or other inland waterways. Additionally, some areas of the USA (such as Myrtle Beach, FL or Virginia Beach, VA) closely regulate beach and surf zones, requiring the use of leashes on a SUP board similar to the law for surfboards. These regulations and requirements may be enforced seasonally during high-tourism seasons or all year.
When in doubt, always check with local lifeguards, law enforcement, or civic authorities for information on how and where to practice lawful and safe SUP surfing.
Stand up paddle.
A stand up paddle is a type of paddle used in stand up paddle surfing. The stand up paddle is used to propel an individual across the surface of the water while standing on a surfboard. The paddle consists of a blade, shaft and handle.
Materials and design.
Paddles used for stand up surfing are similar to traditional canoe paddles only longer. They are usually constructed from carbon, fiberglass or wood with flat blade on one end connecting to a handle on the other end by a long smooth shaft. The blade ranges from 6 to 10 inches in width with an oval or round shaft ranging from 67 to 86 inches in length with a 1 to 1.5 inch diameter. Blades are designed with several shapes and features. Normally the blade has a banana peel shape sometimes having a slight keel on the back side of the blade. Other commonly used shapes include diamonds, or oar like blades. Different blade shapes are sometimes used for different types of paddling conditions (long-distance, flat lake water versus ocean surf for example).
Use.
The proper form for paddle surfing requires a paddle of the correct length and size. A common rule of thumb is a “shaka” length, or 5 to 7 inches, above the rider's height. While standing on board, the rider holds the paddle with one hand on the handle and the other hand approximately 1/3 of the way down the shaft. The hand placement alternates depending on what side the rider is paddling on. When paddling on the right side the handle is held with the left hand and the shaft with the right, vice versa on the left side. When paddling, the blade is placed in the water 1 to 2 feet in front of the rider. The paddle "grips" the water and is used to pull the board past the paddle.
Inflatable SUP Boards.
Performance surf boards have traditionally been made from laminated layers over foam cores. SUP boards are larger boards and the desire to travel with them has led to the development of an inflatable system where the board and pump can be carried in a back pack. The core material is called 'drop stitch'. Thousands of locked nylon stitches keep the board at a specific thickness. Pressure from specially designed hand pumps can inflate a board to over 30Psi. This creates a board not much less rigid than a hard board. Two of the greatest benefits of inflatable boards are their durability and transportability.

</doc>
<doc id="18453798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18453798" title="Yank (automobile)">
Yank (automobile)

The Yank was a vehicle made by Custom Auto Works, a company based in San Diego, California, in 1950. Being what could be described as a poor man's sports car, it was an inexpensive, though rather attractive, aluminum-bodied car. It was powered by a , 134.2-cubic-inch-displacement Willys four-cylinder L-head engine mated to a three-speed manual transmission. It cost $1,000 from the factory, weighed , and had a wheelbase of .
References.
"Yank", in Ron Kowalke, ed., Standard Catalog of American Cars 1946-1975 (Iola, WI: Krause Publications, 1997), pp. 873.

</doc>
<doc id="18453799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18453799" title="Sailors' Snug Harbor of Boston">
Sailors' Snug Harbor of Boston

Sailors' Snug Harbor of Boston was established in 1852 as a retirement home for sailors. It was similar to the much larger Sailors' Snug Harbor on Staten Island. Today, it is a nonprofit organization funding charitable initiatives in fishing communities and for the elderly in eastern Massachusetts. 
History.
The cornerstone was laid on July 14, 1856. The organization's first president was philanthropist Robert Bennet Forbes, a China-trader and writer. It operated as a retirement home for elderly seamen for many years, first in the Germantown section of Quincy, then in Duxbury before being discontinued in 1971, with the proceeds from the sale of the land going to fund the charitable foundation. In 1949 the National Sailors' Home in Duxbury, which existed from 1891-1958, merged with Sailors' Snug Harbor of Boston.
The organization’s early records are now deposited with the Massachusetts Historical Society. They include organizational minutes, financial records, photographs, artwork, lists of residents, cemetery records, and assorted correspondence.

</doc>
<doc id="18453803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18453803" title="International Christian School (Hong Kong)">
International Christian School (Hong Kong)

International Christian School is a highly selective academic English language, Christian independent school in Hong Kong. Founded in 1992, it provides education at all grades from kindergarten to the senior secondary levels. The school's traditional rivals are Hong Kong International School and Chinese International School. The school was chosen as one of the top private international schools in the "Top 10 Private International Schools in Hong Kong" list in the China Service Mall site.
Admissions.
ICS is selective – it admits about 20% of its applicant pool annually. Both local and international admissions are based on a two-to-three hour long exam that assesses their verbal, math, and problem solving skills, and an interview.The current Dean of Admissions, Debbie Kadow, manages the competitive admissions every year. 
Curriculum.
International Christian School (ICS) is based on an American curriculum. ICS students are evaluated through MAP testing during elementary, and PSAT and SAT in high school. In high school, students have gradually increasing freedom in choosing their courses. However, like all high schools, students must obtain a required number of credits each year, as well as a minimum number of credits in certain core disciplines in order to graduate. International Christian School offers Advanced Placement (AP) courses in art, various areas of science, mathematics, English language and literature, and Chinese.
Fine and performing arts.
Music and art classes are taught to elementary students and sports, art, and drama classes are offered throughout middle and high school.
General music classes are taken up to Grade 4, whereas, in Grade 5, they are replaced with band, choir and strings. Both are then compulsory until high school, where students can then choose to continue taking one or both.
All middle school students are required to take art and drama classes in alternating semesters. In high school, students can choose to take art or drama.
Languages.
Until Grade 9, classes in Mandarin are mandatory. Upon entering high school, students can either continue taking courses in Mandarin or take classes in French. However, the vast majority of students take Chinese in high school. Starting in middle school, ICS offers a wide variety of Mandarin classes to cater to the wide variety of student language proficiencies.
Bible classes.
Bible classes at ICS are compulsory in all grade levels. Grade 6-7 students study the Old Testament in their Bible classes and Grade 8 students study the Gospels.
Chapel.
Student attendance at weekly chapels is mandatory. All-school assemblies occur a few times every academic year. In middle and high school, worship services are led by student worship teams.
Campuses.
International Christian School was originally located in Kowloon City. After a few years, a new campus was opened in Lai Yu. In the 2001-2002 school year, all elementary grade levels moved to a new campus in Fotan, which is in Shatin, and the secondary grade levels moved entirely to the Kowloon City campus. Until the 2007-2008 academic year, the secondary campus, which consists of middle and high school, was in Kowloon City, and the kindergarten and elementary campuses were in Fotan. In the 2007-2008 school year, the elementary and secondary campuses moved into a new building in Shek Mun, which is located near Shatin.
Ma On Shan Campus.
Beginning in the 2012-2013 school year, the kindergarten campus will be located at Heng On (Ma On Shan) on the ground floor of Kam Fung Court. The P1 grade, which serves as the final year of kindergarten, is located in Shek Mun, as well as the elementary school, which contains grades 1-5, the middle school, which consists of grades 6-8, and finally, the high school, which consists of grades 9-12.
Shek Mun Campus.
The Shek Mun campus, was constructed to represent God's hands spread out. The building is divided into two wings. The first three floors of the building are shared by both the elementary and the secondary. These floors contain most of the music rooms, the two gymnasiums, and various rooms used by the administration. The next four floors consist of general classrooms, computer labs, labs, the libraries, and the art rooms. Finally, the eighth floor is used to house new teachers and their families for their first year at the school. The building's floor numbers start at the ground floor, following the British system commonly used in Hong Kong.
Faculty.
Administration.
Karen Whenuaroa is the principal over the kindergarten and lower elementary. Keith Welch is the principal of the upper elementary. The middle school principal is Bryan Thompson. Brian Van Tassel is the principal of the high school. The school's headmaster is John Nelson.
Faculty.
According to the ICS website, the faculty is highly diverse as with the student population, with 60% from US, 14% from Hong Kong, 7% from New Zealand, 6% from Canada, 5% from Australia, 3% from UK, 1% from India, Japan, Malaysia, Nepal, Singapore as of the 2011-2012 school year.

</doc>
<doc id="18453852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18453852" title="Acul-du-Nord Arrondissement">
Acul-du-Nord Arrondissement

Acul-du-Nord (Creole: "Akil dinò") is an arrondissement in the Nord Department of Haiti.
It has 105,300 inhabitants.
Postal codes in the Acul-du-Nord Arrondissement start with the number 12.
The arondissement consists of the following municipalities:

</doc>
<doc id="18453868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18453868" title="List of Oldham Athletic A.F.C. managers">
List of Oldham Athletic A.F.C. managers

The following is a list of managers of Oldham Athletic A.F.C. and all honours won by the club since 1906 to the 2011–12 season. As of the start of Oldham's 2011–12 season, the club has had 32 different managers. As of the end of the 2010–11 season, the club has not won any major competitions in their history.
Joe Royle is one of the longest serving in Oldham's history. Royle was manager of the club between 1982 to 1994 in which time he led the club to promotion from the Football League Second Division to the First Division while accumulating 225 total competitive wins—the most by any manager in Oldham's history. He also led the club to two semi-final appearances in the FA Cup and a runners up spot in the 1989–90 Football League Cup as his side lost 1–0 to Nottingham Forest. On 15 March 2009, Royle returned to the club as manager following John Sheridan's departure from the club, before leaving the club again at season's end.
Jimmy Frizzell is also one of the longest serving managers in the club's history, holding the position from 1970 until 1982. Both he and Royle are the only managers in Oldham's history with 200 or more competitive victories.
History.
In 1906, Oldham Athletic appointed their first manager in club history as David Ashworth came to the club. In his first season, Ashworth led the club to a third place finish in the Lancashire Combination Second Division, gaining promotion to the First Division. Two years later, Ashworth once again led the club to victory as it finished in first place in the 1906–07 season, the final season of the Lancashire Combination. After the league disbanded, Oldham Athletic joined the Football League in the Second Division as they finished in third place their first season. In the following season, David Ashworth won his second trophy at Oldham Athletic as the club won the Lancashire Senior Cup—a local tournament for clubs in and around Lancashire. In 1909–10, Ashworth led the club to another promotion as they reached the Football League First Division. After several top-half finishes, Ashworth left the club to manage at Stockport County.
In 1914–15, Herbert Bamlett became Oldham Athletic's second manager and found success with the club in his first season. Oldham finished in second place in the First Division, as well as reaching the quarter-finals of the FA Cup. As competitive football returned to England following the end of the First World War, Bamlett returned as manager. Many of Oldham's original players were killed during the war or retired from football as the club found little success. Charle Roberts took over the club for the 1921–22 season, though only served as manager for one season.
David Ashworth returned to Oldham after having served at both Stockport County and Liverpool, though also struggled as Oldham were relegated back to the Second Division. For the next 11 seasons, Oldham failed to reach the First Division again as the club averaged a mid-table finish under managers Robert Mellor, Andrew Wilson, and Jimmy McMullan. During 1934–35, Robert Mellor—in his second stint with the club since leaving in 1927—returned to the club as Oldham were relegated once more, finishing in twenty-second, and placed in Football League Third Division North. Oldham and Mellor found relative success in Third Division North, but never gained promotion back to the Second Division before the Second World War once again interrupted football in England.
After the return of competitive football once more, Oldham failed to regain promotion under Frank Womack and Billy Wootton. George Hardwick became manager in 1950–51 and led the club to promotion in 1952–53 by winning the league, but were relegated once more as they finished in last place the following season. After little success following the promotion, Oldham went through two managers during the 1950s including Ted Goodier and Norman Dodgin. In 1958–59, Oldham became part of Football League Fourth Division as Division Third North and South disbanded for separate divisions.
In the early 1960s, both manager Jack Rowley and owner Ken Bates entered Oldham Athletic. With Bates's money, Oldham Athletic's fortunes turned for the better as the club once again reached Football League Third Division with the club finish in second place, though Rowley left the club in April of the same year. The club finished with mid-table results under managers Les McDowall, Gordon Hurst, and Jimmy McIlroy—with McIlroy winning the only trophy, by way the Lancashire Senior Cup. Rowley returned midway through the 1968–69 season as the club was relegated back to Division Four. Midway through the 1969–70 season, both Rowley and owner Ken Bates exited the club as Jimmy Frizzell became manager.
Jimmy Frizzell, a Scottish-born defender, was appointed as Oldham's player-manager during the 1969–70 season. In the 1970–71 season, Oldham earned their best finish since 1962–63, finishing in third and gaining promotion back into the Third Division. After a midtable result in their first season, the club missed out on promotion—finishing in fourth place, seven points behind league champions Bolton Wanderers. In the 1973–74 season, the club finished in first place and return to the Second Division for the first time in 21 years. Oldham's trip back to the Second Division was more successful than their previous appearance. During Frizzell's remaining time at the club, the club remained in Division Two and little FA Cup and Football League Cup success.
During the mid-1980s, the club ushered in a new era under manager Joe Royle—who became one of the most successful in Oldham's history. Royle and Oldham reached Wembley Stadium in the 1990 Football League Cup Final as the club lost 1–0 in the final. The next season, Royle led the club to the First Division for the first time in 68 years. In their first season back in the top flight, the club finished in 17th and became one of the founding members of the newly formed Premier League. Though after two more seasons at the top level, Oldham faced relegation yet again and during the following season, the Joe Royle era at Oldham Athletic came to an end, as he left the club for Everton.
In the mid-1990s, Oldham began to falter as they were relegated back to the Second Division under manager Neil Warnock following two lower-half finishes under Graeme Sharp. Warnock departed by mutual consent in May 1998 and was replaced by his former assistant and fans' favourite Andy Ritchie.
In 2001, Oldham Athletic was purchased by Oxford-based businessman Chris Moore who sacked Ritchie as part of a restructuring of the club's coaching set-up. Mick Wadsworth was appointed to replace Ritchie. However, Wadsworth lasted only 18 months before being replaced by Iain Dowie. Moore pulled out of the club in the summer of 2003, followed by Dowie in December of that year. Following a brief period when David Eyres and John Sheridan acted as joint caretaker managers, Brian Talbot was appointed as manager by new owners Simon Blitz, Simon Corney and Danny Gazal. Ronnie Moore replaced Talbot in March 2005 and managed Oldham until June 2006, winning another Lancashire Senior Cup for the club in the process.
On 1 June 2006, Sheridan again became Oldham's manager. His first season was relatively successful as the club reached the League One play-offs, though lost 5–2 to Blackpool on aggregate. On 15 March 2009, Sheridan left Oldham, and was immediately replaced by former manager Joe Royle. However, in late April 2009, Royle rejected an offer to extend his stay as manager, before ultimately being replaced by Darlington boss Dave Penney on 30 April. Penney parted company with Oldham on 6 May 2010 with the club 16th in League One. Penney was succeeded for the final game of the 2009–10 season by his assistant Martin Gray.
Paul Dickov signed a one-year contract as player/manager on 9 June 2010. Dickov retired from playing following the final game of the 2010–11 season before signing a new contract to remain at Oldham into the 2011–12 season. Dickov resigned on 3 February 2013 following a poor run of league form, despite having led Oldham to victory over Liverpool in the FA Cup 4th round. Dickov's replacement was named on 18 March 2013 as Lee Johnson who, at 31, was then the youngest manager in the English football league.

</doc>
<doc id="18453927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18453927" title="Anse-à-Veau Arrondissement">
Anse-à-Veau Arrondissement

Anse-à-Veau (Creole: "Ansavo") is an arrondissement in the Nippes Department of Haiti.
It has 153,210 inhabitants.
Postal codes in the Anse-à-Veau Arrondissement start with the number 75.
The arondissement consists of the following municipalities:

</doc>
<doc id="18453928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18453928" title="Park Avenue Tunnel">
Park Avenue Tunnel

Park Avenue Tunnel may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18453947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18453947" title="Australian Women's Party (1995)">
Australian Women's Party (1995)

The Australian Women's Party was a minor Australian feminist party that was first registered with the Australian Electoral Commission on 19 December 1995 and was deregistered on 22 April 2003. Its main platform consisted of a constitutional alteration to ensure equal representation of men and women at all levels of government, included in the republic debate.

</doc>
<doc id="18453954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18453954" title="AZ Business Magazine">
AZ Business Magazine

Arizona Business Magazine, based out of Phoenix, Arizona, is the state’s leading monthly Business magazine. Published by AZ Big Media, the magazine covers a wide range of topics focusing on the Arizona business scene, and is aimed at high-level corporate executives and business owners.
History.
Arizona Business Magazine began in 1985, when Publisher Michael Atkinson purchased a 2-year-old publication called Arizona Office Guide to Phoenix, a Quarterly controlled circulation magazine of 7,000 that focused solely on the Phoenix office market.
In 1986, the Publication’s name was changed to Arizona Business & Development Magazine. It also broadened its commercial real estate focus and increased circulation to 20,000.
In 1988, the publication’s name was changed to its current title, Arizona Business Magazine. The magazine began covering the entire Arizona business market and increased circulation to 25,000. In addition, Arizona Business Magazine moved to a bimonthly format.
Arizona Business Magazine also introduced special supplements. In partnership with area business organizations, Arizona Business magazine publishes special sections within its pages on association groups, their work and their members. Arizona Business Magazine Re-prints copies of the supplements with their own covers free of charge to each association.
Arizona Business Magazine today.
In February, 2008, Arizona Business Magazine became a monthly publication to increase its Market share and distribution. As a monthly, the magazine is now able to address more current issues affecting the Arizona business market. The magazine has become more streamlined a wiki-based open content dictionary, with eye-catching covers and Graphics. Editorially, the magazine has refocused on its core Audience of high-level executives and business owners by offering stories and special reports on work force issues, high-tech innovations, banking and financial concerns, legal topics and more. In addition, a series of awards sponsored by Arizona Business are highlighted in the magazine.
Since becoming Monthly in February, Arizona Business Magazine has featured stories on such Arizona-based companies as U.S. Airways, Shamrock Foods, Dial Corp. and AVNET. The magazine has also tackled major issues affecting the state economy, such as the Sub-prime collapse, the Credit crunch, International trade and Sustainability. In addition, the magazine has examined the state’s immigration issue.
Of the Arizona business and community leaders profiled in the magazine, the list includes Intel Chairman Craig Barrett, former NBA Phoenix Suns Owner Jerry Colangelo, Bashas’ Family of Stores Chairman Eddie Basha Jr., as well as Gov. Janet Napolitano and former Congressman J.D. Hayworth. Experts from Arizona State University’s W.P. Carey School of Business are often Quoted within the pages of Arizona Business Magazine.
Despite the changes, the supplements still remain an important part of Arizona Business Magazine. Organizations featured in the supplements include the Greater Phoenix Economic Council, Valley Forward, East Valley Partnership, the Arizona Hospital & Healthcare Association, and the Greater Phoenix Convention & Visitors Bureau.
The magazine later returned to a bimonthly publication schedule.
Leadership.
The top leadership at AZ Big Media consists of:
Michael Atkinson, president and CEO
Audrey Webb, vice president of operations
Cheryl Green, publisher
Michael Gossie is Editor-in-chief of Arizona Business Magazine. In his capacity as editor-in-chief, Gossie oversees editorial content for all seven magazines and corresponding websites that are published by AZ Big Media.

</doc>
<doc id="18453960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18453960" title="G&amp;D">
G&amp;D

G&D may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18453976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18453976" title="Arcahaie Arrondissement">
Arcahaie Arrondissement

Arcahaie (Creole: "Lakayè") is an arrondissement in the Ouest Department of Haiti.
It has 166,890 inhabitants.
Postal codes in the Arcahaie Arrondissement start with the number 64.
The arondissement consists of the following municipalities:

</doc>
<doc id="18453977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18453977" title="Dream Big (song)">
Dream Big (song)

"Dream Big" is the fourth overall single and first official UK single released from American R&B/soul singer-songwriter Jazmine Sullivan's debut album, Fearless.
"Dream Big" was made available on UK iTunes and 7 Digital as an EP on February 9, 2009.
It was later made available for airplay on UK radio stations on April 5, 2009. and then received an official single digital release on April 6, 2009.
Background and reception.
"Dream Big" prominently features a sample of Daft Punk's song "Veridis Quo" from the album "Discovery". The song is about a girl dreaming to be a big star; it's about taking opportunities when they come to you and being ready to go when the time comes. The song produced by Jazmine's mentor, Missy Elliott features Missy calling out in the intro using a line typically reserved for her own songs. Overall the song was said 'to be a very unexpected sound from Jazmine', in comparison with the previous seven tracks on the album. Namely the synthy, upbeat and techno sound it has to it.
The different approach to the club-friendly song is what's said to give it an edge as well as an extra benefit for its airplay success. "Dream Big" appeared on major UK music critic, Popjustice's website as 'Song of the Day' and was described as "an excellent track and something to watch out for".
Jazmine describes her inspiration behind the song:
"My journey was not an easy one. There were people telling me I wasn't what the industry wanted. So I had to persevere and stay determined to live my dream. I wrote this song to encourage people all over the world to dream big despite the road blocks."
"Billboard" reviewed the song:
"Dream Big", a swallow-you-whole-four-four thumper, is an ambitious motivational anthem. Missy Elliott nicks nearly all of its drive and dramatics from Daft Punk's "Veridis Quo".
Epinions reviewed the song:
Missy calls out in the intro using a line typically reserved for her own songs (if that's not a sign of faith in one's work, I don't know what is). It's an out and out Euro techno club track, complete with a clever cache of synth lines via Daft Punk's "Veridis Quo" and an assortment of gimmicky techno sounds that just don't sound gimmicky; Jazmine just understands that her credibility is in her authenticity and she doesn't miss the slightest detail. The song itself is about taking opportunities when they come to you, about being ready to go when the time comes. The fact that she manages to take on a genre seemingly foreign to her talents in such a convincing manner is a testament to what happens when you dream big.
Music video.
In March 2009, the music video for "Dream Big" premiered.
It features Jazmine sitting behind a table and writing down her plans to get her dream. Basically mirroring the song by chronicling Jazmine's journey from songwriter to singer.
Her handwriting reads as letters on the book appear on screen matching with the song lyrics.
Then the video moves onto capturing her in studio, crafting songs and then performing on stage in front of an audience.
The video received generally favourable reviews by fans. It was viewed as her best yet by some and 'cheap' by others. Being produced by Syndrome, who also produced Jazmine's previous video for "Lions, Tigers & Bears", the two were closely compared and the animation theme was criticized to not show the real Jazmine, the Jazmine that fans know and love.
The video has surpassed 920,000 views on Jazmine's YouTube channel alone.
Formats and track listings.
UK Digital Bundle
<br>(Released: February 9, 2009)
UK Digital Single
<br>(Released: April 6, 2009)
Remixes.
The song's remix features Chaundon.
Promotion, commercial reception.
Jazmine performed "Dream Big" on popular French television show "Le Grand Journal" as part of her international 2009 promotion of her first album, "Fearless".
She also performed it along with several of her album tracks for UK BBC Radio 1's Trevor Nelson in April, 2009. On April 18, 2009 the single peaked at #164 on the UK Singles Chart after a surge of steady download sales during that week.
"Dream Big" peaked at #6 on the Turkish Singles Chart issued March 30, 2009, making it Jazmine's first hit single outside the U.S. The track then went on to make waves on European airplay charts in countries such as Greece and Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="18453983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18453983" title="Swimming at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's 4 × 100 metre freestyle relay">
Swimming at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's 4 × 100 metre freestyle relay

The men's 4×100 metre freestyle relay event at the 2008 Olympic Games took place on 10–11 August at the Beijing National Aquatics Center in Beijing, China.
The U.S. men's team dominated the race from the start but fell behind in the 3rd leg, and came from behind to set a new world record and most importantly, to capture the elusive freestyle relay title after 12 years. Diving into the pool at the final exchange, Jason Lezak chased down world record-holder Frenchman Alain Bernard on the 50-metre final length and touched the wall first with a scintillating anchor time of 46.06, the fastest ever split in the event's history, to deliver the foursome of Michael Phelps (47.51, an American record), Garrett Weber-Gale (47.02), and Cullen Jones (47.65) a gold-medal time in 3:08.24.
France's Amaury Leveaux (47.91), Fabien Gilot (47.05), and Frédérick Bousquet (46.63) delivered Bernard a lead on the anchor by more than a half-second advantage (0.50), but Bernard's split of 46.73 was almost a full second behind Lezak, leaving them with silver in a European record of 3:08.32. Meanwhile, Eamon Sullivan smashed the world record split of 47.24 to hand the Aussies an early lead, but his teammates Andrew Lauterstein (47.87), Ashley Callus (47.55), and Matt Targett (47.25) could not maintain the pace in the succeeding laps to end the race with a bronze-medal time of 3:09.91.
Italy's Alessandro Calvi (48.49), Christian Galenda (47.49), Marco Belotti (48.23), and Filippo Magnini (47.27) finished fourth in 3:11.65, while the Swedish foursome of Petter Stymne (49.17), five-time Olympian Lars Frölander (48.02), Stefan Nystrand (47.25), and Jonas Persson (47.48) cracked a 3:12-barrier to earn a fifth spot in 3:11.92. Outside the club, Canada's Brent Hayden (47.56, a national record), Joel Greenshields (47.77), Colin Russell (48.49), and three-time Olympian Rick Say (48.44) posted a sixth-place time of 3:12.26, while defending Olympic champions and South African quartet of Lyndon Ferns (48.15), Darian Townsend (48.11), Roland Mark Schoeman (48.32), and Ryk Neethling (48.08) produced a seventh-place effort and an African record of 3:12.66 to lower their standard by more than half a second. Great Britain's Simon Burnett (48.34), Adam Brown (47.75), Benjamin Hockin (48.50), and Ross Davenport (48.28) rounded out the field in eighth place at 3:12.87. Due to the presence of technology suits in the pool, all eight teams completed a historic relay finish under a 3:13-barrier.
Earlier in the prelims, the U.S. men's team of Nathan Adrian (48.82), Cullen Jones (47.61), Ben Wildman-Tobriner (48.03), and Matt Grevers (47.77) took down the world record of 3:12.23 to cut off their own standard by 23-hundredths of a second.
Records.
Prior to this competition, the existing world and Olympic records were as follows.
The following new world and Olympic records were set during this competition.
New records and feats.
In the heats, the USA team set a world record with a team missing some of America's major stars such as Michael Phelps. France and Australia also went faster than the old record even though they rested Alain Bernard and Eamon Sullivan respectively. During the heats, all five of the continental records were broken.
In the final, the United States, France, Australia, Italy, and Sweden teams all finished within the World Record time set by the American team in the heats, the Canada team finished within what was the World record prior to the 2008 Olympics, and all of the teams finished within what was the Olympic record prior to the 2008 Olympics. The world record time was reduced by over 2% during the course of the heats and the final. Italy and Sweden failed to medal despite besting the previous world record.
The faster times can also be seen in contrast to the 2004 Olympics in Athens, in which the South African squad took home the gold medal in world-record fashion. South Africa returned all four members of that 2004 relay team to these Olympics, and they even bettered their previous world-record time by 0.51 s, yet they finished a distant 7th place in Beijing. In fact, all 8 teams swimming in the 2008 finals swam faster than South Africa's gold medal swim of 2004.
It is also possible for the swimmers in the first leg to break records for the 100 m freestyle. In the heats, Amaury Leveaux of France broke the Olympic record, while the world record fell to Australian Eamon Sullivan in the final. Split times for swimmers not swimming the first leg are ineligible because the incoming swimmer can lean over in front of the blocks and be diving as the preceding swimmer is coming in, whereas the leadoff swimmer is timed from a stationary start. Thus, the world record was Sullivan's, even though five swimmers in the finals alone had faster times, including Jason Lezak, whose 46.06 seconds is the fastest individual leg in a 100 m freestyle or medley relay in history. Two days later, Alain Bernard reclaimed the record for France, recording a 47.20 time in the first semifinal of the 100m freestyle, only to have Sullivan break the record again, winning the second semifinal in 47.05 seconds.
The final included a dramatic finish with American Jason Lezak swimming the final 50 meters 0.9 seconds faster than Frenchman Alain Bernard to win the race. He also swam the fastest relay split in history. Dan Hicks and Rowdy Gaines had the call on NBC:

</doc>
<doc id="18453993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18453993" title="Forbury Park Raceway">
Forbury Park Raceway

Forbury Park Raceway is a horseracing venue in the New Zealand city of Dunedin. It is located close to the Pacific Ocean coast in the suburb of Saint Kilda.
The raceway was initially developed in 1870 on an area of reclaimed swamp, with a one mile track leased to the Dunedin Jockey Club. The site was used for both galloping and saddle trotting events until 1898, at which time the Dunedin Jockey Club moved to a new venue at Wingatui, near Mosgiel. 
Light harness racing began at Forbury in 1909, at about which time the track was reduced to approximately 1100 yards (1000 metres). The installation of floodlights in 1960 saw the advent of night trotting. The venue is currently used for both harness racing and greyhound racing, as well as for other large-scale outdoor events. It is one of the country's main trotting venues.

</doc>
<doc id="18454000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18454000" title="Alexandre Banza">
Alexandre Banza

Lieutenant Colonel Alexandre Banza (1932 – 12 April 1969) was a military officer and politician in the Central African Republic. Born in Carnot, Ubangi-Shari, Banza served with the French Army during the First Indochina War before joining the Central African Republic armed forces. As commander of the Camp Kassaï military base in 1965, Banza helped Jean-Bédel Bokassa overthrow the government of President David Dacko. Bokassa rewarded Banza by appointing him as minister of state and minister of finance in the new government. Banza quickly established the new regime's reputation abroad and forged diplomatic relations with other countries. In 1967, Bokassa and his protégé had a major argument over the president's extravagances. In April 1968, Bokassa removed Banza as minister of finance. Recognizing Bokassa's attempts to undermine him, Banza made a number of remarks highly critical of the president's handling of the government. Bokassa responded by abolishing the minister of state position.
Banza soon decided to stage a coup d'état. He confided in a few military officers, who he hoped would support his attempt to gain power. One of his confidants, Jean-Claude Mandaba, contacted the president and informed him of the date of the coup, 9 April 1969. Hours before he was going to execute his bid for power, Banza was ambushed by Mandaba and taken directly to Bokassa. Bokassa nearly beat Banza to death before Mandaba suggested that Banza be put on trial for appearance's sake. On 12 April, Banza presented his case to a military tribunal, which quickly sentenced him to death by firing squad. He was reportedly taken to an open field, where he was executed and buried in an unmarked grave. Alternate circumstances of Banza's death have been reported in "Time" and "Le Monde". In the aftermath of the failed coup, Banza's family, mistress and close associates were all arrested and either sent to jail or deported. With Banza eliminated, Bokassa spent extravagantly and surrounded himself with adulators.
Early life and military career.
Banza was born, the first of three sons, in the heart of Gbaya territory. In his twenties, he had served with the French army in the First Indochina War and had been stationed in Gabon, Morocco, Tunisia and other locations in colonial Africa. He had a similar military record to his future colleague Jean-Bédel Bokassa, who had also served in the First Indochina War and had been stationed in Africa and Europe as a radio transmissions expert. Afterward, Banza returned to the Central African Republic, where he enlisted in the armed forces. Brian Titley, author of "Dark Age: The Political Odyssey of Emperor Bokassa" described Banza as an "intelligent, ambitious, and unscrupulous" military officer.
Role in Saint-Sylvestre coup d'état.
Background.
Central African Republic President David Dacko, Bokassa's cousin, took over the country in 1960, after winning a power struggle against Abel Goumba. Bokassa left the French army to join the Central African Republic army in 1962. By 1965, the country was in turmoil—plagued by corruption and slow economic growth, while its borders were breached by rebels from neighboring countries. Dacko obtained financial aid from the People's Republic of China, but in spite of this support, the country's problems persisted. Bokassa, now commander-in-chief of the army, made plans to take over the government; Dacko became aware of this, and countered by forming a gendarmerie headed by police chief Jean Izamo, who quickly became Dacko's closest adviser.
Tensions between Dacko and Bokassa increased. In December 1965, Dacko approved a budget increase for Izamo's gendarmerie, but rejected the budget proposal for Bokassa's army. At this point, Bokassa told friends he was annoyed by Dacko's treatment and was "going for a coup d'état". Dacko planned to replace Bokassa with Izamo as his personal military adviser, and wanted to promote army officers loyal to the government, while demoting Bokassa and his close associates. Bokassa realized he had to act against Dacko quickly, and worried that his 500-man army would be no match for the gendarmerie and the presidential guard. He was also concerned the French would intervene to aid Dacko, as had occurred after the 23 February 1964 coup d'état in Gabon against President Léon M'ba. After receiving word of the coup from the country's military chief of staff, Albert-Bernard Bongo, officials in Paris sent paratroopers to Gabon and restored M'ba to power in a matter of hours. Banza, who was then commander of the Camp Kassaï military base in northeast Bangui, offered Bokassa his support and persuaded the still-worried commander-in-chief to carry out the coup. He helped Bokassa lay out the plans for the coup, proposed to take place on 31 December 1965.
Execution of the coup.
Early in the evening of 31 December 1965, Dacko left the Palais de la Renaissance to visit one of his minister's plantations southwest of the capital. At 22:30 WAT (UTC 21:30), Captain Banza gave orders to his officers to begin the coup; one of his subordinates was to subdue the security guard in the presidential palace, while the other was to take control of Radio-Bangui to prevent communication between Dacko and his followers. Bokassa called Izamo at his headquarters, asking him to come to Camp de Roux to sign some papers that needed his immediate attention. Izamo, who was at a New Year's Eve celebration with friends, reluctantly agreed and traveled in his wife's car to the camp. Upon arrival, he was confronted by Banza and Bokassa, who informed him of the coup in progress. After announcing his refusal to support the coup, Izamo was overpowered and locked in a cellar.
Shortly after midnight, in the first minutes of 1 January 1966, Bokassa and Banza organized their troops and told them of their plan to take over the government. Bokassa claimed that Dacko had resigned from the presidency and given the position to his close adviser Izamo. He then told the soldiers that they had to act now to prevent the gendarmerie from taking over the Central African Republic army. He then asked the soldiers if they would support his course of action; the men who refused were thrown in jail. At 00:30 WAT, Banza, Bokassa and their supporters left Camp de Roux to take over the capital. They encountered little resistance and were able to take Bangui in a matter of hours. Bokassa and Banza then rushed to the Palais de la Renaissance, where they tried to arrest Dacko, who was not there. Bokassa began to panic, as he believed the president had been warned of the coup in advance, and immediately ordered his soldiers to search for Dacko in the countryside until he was found.
Dacko was not aware of the events taking place in the capital. After leaving his minister's plantation near midnight, he headed to Simon Samba's house to ask the Aka Pgymy leader to conduct a year-end ritual. After an hour at Samba's house, he was informed of the coup in Bangui. He was arrested by a few of Bokassa's men as he entered Pétévo Junction, on the western border of the capital. Dacko was escorted to the presidential palace, where Bokassa hugged the president and told him, "I tried to warn you—but now it's too late". President Dacko was then taken to Ngaragba Prison in east Bangui at around 02:00 WAT. In a move that he thought would boost his popularity in the country, Bokassa ordered prison director Otto Sacher to release all prisoners in the jail. Bokassa then took Dacko to Camp Kassaï at 03:20 WAT, where the president was forced by Banza to resign from office. Banza wanted to kill Dacko, but Bokassa would not allow it, believing that Dacko had not yet outlived his usefulness. Later, Bokassa's officers announced on Radio-Bangui that the Dacko government had been toppled and Bokassa had taken over control. Meanwhile, Banza took over administrative centers, where politicians, diplomats and other high-level officials were celebrating the coming of the New Year.
Minister in the Bokassa government.
Banza was appointed minister of finance and minister of state in the new government. The regime first secured diplomatic recognition from President François Tombalbaye of neighboring Chad, whom Bokassa met in Bouca, Ouham. After Bokassa reciprocated by meeting Tombalbaye on 2 April 1966 along the southern border of Chad at Fort Archambault, the two decided to help one another if either was in danger of losing power. Soon after, other African countries began to diplomatically recognize the new government. At first, the French government was reluctant to support the Bokassa regime, so Banza went to Paris to meet with French officials to convince them that the coup was necessary to save the country from turmoil. Bokassa met with Prime Minister Georges Pompidou on 7 July 1966, but the French remained noncommittal in offering their support. After Bokassa threatened to withdraw from the franc monetary zone, French President Charles de Gaulle decided to make an official visit to the Central African Republic on 17 November 1966. To the new government, this visit meant that the French had accepted the new changes in the country.
As a minister of finance, Banza directed much of his energy and time into lifting the country out of bankruptcy. Banza was also successful in his efforts to build the government's reputation abroad, all the while establishing himself as a respected and well-liked leader. Many believed that the natural-born leader would not remain as Bokassa's right-hand man for much longer. After Banza was promoted from Captain to Lieutenant Colonel in 1965, Bokassa realized that his greatest political threat wasn't from the remaining group of Dacko supporters, but from Banza himself.
Two years later, the two had a major argument over the country's budget, as Banza adamantly opposed Bokassa's extravagant spending. Bokassa moved to Camp de Roux, where he felt he could safely run the government without having to worry about Banza's thirst for power. In the meantime, Banza tried to obtain a support base within the army, spending much of his time in the company of soldiers. Bokassa recognized what his minister was doing, so he sent military units most sympathetic to Banza to the country's border and brought his own army supporters as close to the capital as possible. In September 1967, he took a special trip to Paris, where he asked for protection from French troops. Two months later, the government deployed 80 paratroopers to Bangui.
On 13 April 1968, in another one of his frequent cabinet reshuffles, Bokassa demoted Banza to minister of health, but let him remain in his position as minister of state. Cognizant of the president's intentions, Banza increased his vocalization of dissenting political views. A year later, after Banza made a number of remarks highly critical of Bokassa and his management of the economy, the president, perceiving an immediate threat to his power, removed him as his minister of state.
1969 coup plot.
Banza revealed his intention to stage a coup to Lieutenant Jean-Claude Mandaba, the commanding officer of Camp Kassaï, who he looked to for support. Mandaba went along with the plan, but his allegiance remained with Bokassa. When Banza contacted his co-conspirators on 8 April 1969, informing them that they would execute the coup the following day, Mandaba immediately phoned Bokassa and informed him of the plan. When Banza entered Camp Kassaï on 9 April 1969, he was ambushed by Mandaba and his soldiers. The men had to break Banza's arms before they could overpower and throw him into the trunk of a Mercedes and take him directly to Bokassa. At his house in Berengo, Bokassa beat Banza nearly to death before Mandaba suggested that Banza be put on trial for appearance's sake.
On 12 April, Banza presented his case before a military tribunal at Camp de Roux, where he admitted to his plan, but stated that he had not planned to kill Bokassa. He was sentenced to death by firing squad, taken to an open field behind Camp Kassaï, executed and buried in an unmarked grave. The circumstances of Banza's death have been disputed. The American newsmagazine, "Time", reported that Banza "was dragged before a Cabinet meeting where Bokassa slashed him with a razor. Guards then beat Banza until his back was broken, dragged him through the streets of Bangui and finally shot him." The French daily evening newspaper "Le Monde" reported that Banza was killed in circumstances "so revolting that it still makes one's flesh creep":
Aftermath of coup.
A few days later, Bokassa had Banza's wife and their nine children arrested and deported to Berbérati and then Birao. They were released on 6 May 1971. Banza's mistress, Julienne Kombo, who entered the Palais de la Renaissance crying hysterically after her lover's death, was arrested and jailed until 24 June 1972. Banza's father was sent to jail, where he died of hunger and exhaustion on 24 April 1970. Banza's two younger brothers, Beuoane and Gouboulo, were dismissed from the gendarmerie in July and sent to Ngaragba Prison. In August 1971, they were taken from the prison, never to be seen again.
Bokassa also hunted down Banza's close associates, such as Joseph Kallot, Faustin Marigot and Polycarpe Gbaguili. Kallot and Marigot died in prison in June 1969 and April 1971, respectively. With the exception of Gbaguili, who remained in prison until the downfall of the Bokassa regime on 20 September 1979, the other associates were released months after their arrest. Gbaguili served as a witness in Bokassa's criminal trials for treason, murder, cannibalism and embezzlement during the 1980s, explaining in detail the numerous crimes and human rights violations the former dictator had completed.
By eliminating his dangerous rival, Bokassa demonstrated his ability to deal ruthlessly with dissidents and political opponents. He started to rule more arbitrarily after the Banza affair, giving himself control of various ministerial positions and the army. In one instance, he promoted Second Lieutenant François Bozizé, the future president of the Central African Republic, to General after he beat a Frenchman who showed disrespect for the president. According to Brian Titley, author of "Dark Age: The Political Odyssey of Emperor Bokassa", he surrounded himself with "sycophants, who were all too willing to nurture his growing delusions of grandeur"; with no one to stop him, he also spent money with reckless abandon.

</doc>
<doc id="18454002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18454002" title="Tmax">
Tmax

Tmax may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18454042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18454042" title="Bainet Arrondissement">
Bainet Arrondissement

Bainet (Creole: "Benè") is an arrondissement in the Sud-Est Department of Haiti.
It has 166,890 inhabitants.
Postal codes in the Bainet Arrondissement start with the number 92.
The arondissement consists of the following municipalities:

</doc>
