<doc id="18470713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18470713" title="Ricardo Pierre-Louis">
Ricardo Pierre-Louis

Ricardo Pierre-Louis (born November 2, 1984 in Léogane) is a Haitian soccer player, currently without a club.
Career.
College and amateur.
Pierre-Louis played college soccer at Lee University, where he was a three-time all-Southern States Athletic Conference selection in 2005, 2006 and 2007, the SSAC Newcomer of the Year in 2005, a two-time NAIA Region XIII Player of the Year in 2006 and 2007, a two-time NAIA first team all-American in 2006 and 2007, a NAIA Player of the Year in 2007, and Lee University's Athlete of the Year in 2005, 2006 and 2007 .
In 2007, he also played for the Cape Cod Crusaders in the USL Premier Development League.
Professional.
Icon at Cavaly as Club Leogane Haiti. scored 34 goals, in 54 games with Cavaly.Ricargol is scary to rivalry Valencia defenders like Massillon, Smith Charmand and so forth.
Pierre-Louis was drafted in the second round (22nd overall) in the 2008 MLS SuperDraft by the Columbus Crew of Major League Soccer, but did not appear in any games, and was waived at the end of the season.
He signed with the Cleveland City Stars of the USL First Division on March 17, 2009.
International.
Pierre-Louis made his debut for the Haitian national team in 2001, at the age of 17, before he had even begun his college career at Lee, and continued to play international soccer throughout his college and PDL careers.
He won Caribbean championships with the Haitian national U-17 and U-20 teams, was captain of the Haitian national U-20 team, and was a member of the senior Haiti squad which took part in the 2007 CONCACAF Gold Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="18470718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18470718" title="Duiske Abbey">
Duiske Abbey

Duiske Abbey National Monument, also known as Graiguenamanagh Abbey, is a 13th-century Cistercian monastery situated in Graiguenamanagh, County Kilkenny in Ireland.
Duiske Abbey was founded by William Marshall in 1204 and is one of the first, largest and perhaps the finest of the thirty-four medieval Cistercian monasteries in Ireland. The Abbey is the parish church of Graiguenamanagh town and beautifully dominates the town centre.
The Abbey is located in the valley of the river Barrow, on a site between the main river and the Duiske tributary. The abbey derives its name from the Douskey River .
History.
The Abbey was founded in 1204 by William Marshall the elder, earl of Pembroke, and was colonised with monks from Stanley in Wiltshire. The monks may not have arrived at Graiguenamangh until 1207, but it seems that building may have begun in 1204 when the cemetery at Duiske was consecrated.
In 1228 the religious community was fixed at thirty-six monks and fifty lay-brothers which was almost as large as Mellifont Abbey. The abbot of Duiske sat as a peer in parliament at that time.
The Abbey was suppressed under Henry VIII in 1536 and the last abbot, Charles O'Cavanagh, resigned his title. Monks continued to occupy it but it began to fall into ruin. Following the dissolution the lands were awarded to James Butler of Duiske. The abbey church continued to be used as a local place of worship. The Church of Ireland re-roofed the west end after the tower collapsed into the nave in 1744. The church was returned to the Roman Catholic community in 1812 and restoration was completed in the 1980s. Currently it is used as a parish church and music events are held there.
Building.
Duiske Abbey was one of the first, largest and perhaps the finest of the thirty-four medieval Cistercian monasteries in Ireland. Much of the abbey was constructed with yellow limestone brought across the Irish Sea from quarries at Dundry, outside Bristol.
Significant remains of the monastery still exist and the remains are fully restored as an early Cistercian Church. Original medieval floor tiles from the original building can be seen in the abbey along with the beautiful "Early English" gothic and romanesque architecture. Some of the 13th-century stonework can still be seen, including still-leaf foliage carved into the capitals, dog-tooth ornaments and banded shafts. It contains many Lancet windows.
An effigy of a 13th-century Norman Knight found in the ruins is installed by the main entrance. He is depicted seizing a sword and is carved with great attention to detail. It is one of the finest medieval effigies in Ireland. In its northern aisle a model of the monastery shows the abbey as it was in the 14th century. Explanation plaques are at various points in the Abbey. In the nearby Abbey Centre there is an exhibition of contemporary Christian Art and local historic artefacts.

</doc>
<doc id="18470724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18470724" title="Dark Metal">
Dark Metal

Dark Metal is the first full length studio album by the German band Bethlehem. It was re-released in 1999 by Solid Recs./Selbstmord Services on LP format, after being re-released on MC format on Morbid Noize Records. Each re-release has a slightly modified cover. The cover shown here is the original one.

</doc>
<doc id="18470731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18470731" title="Bainbridge Air Base">
Bainbridge Air Base

Bainbridge Air Base is a closed United States Air Force base. It was inactivated on 31 March 1961.
History.
Following entry of the United States into World War II, the Chief of the Army Air Corps directed the Air Corps Flying Training Command Southeast Training Center to immediately take action to select air base sites needed to increase its pilot training rate to meet anticipated wartime demands.
A level area near Bainbridge, seven miles (11 km) northwest of the City adjacent to the Seaboard Air Line Railroad was selected by the Air Corps, and the City of Bainbridge and Decatur County purchased for $66,800 and then leased the property to the Army for $1 per annum for a basic flight training base authorizing 89.9 million for its construction.
The contractor broke ground on 3 April 1942, for Bainbridge Army Airfield. The immediate construction involved runways and airplane hangars, with concrete runways, several taxiways and a large parking apron and a control tower. Several large hangars were also constructed. Buildings were ultimately utilitarian and quickly assembled. Most base buildings, not meant for long-term use, were constructed of temporary or semi-permanent materials. Although some hangars had steel frames and the occasional brick or tile brick building could be seen, most support buildings sat on concrete foundations but were of frame construction clad in little more than plywood and tarpaper. In addition to the main facility, several sub-bases and auxiliaries were established to support the training mission.
The first troops moved in on 4 July 1942. Initial construction reached completion on 25 August.
World War II.
Flight training began on 2 August 1942, with 75 Vultee BT-13s. It was used by the Army Air Forces Flying Training Command, Southeast Training Center (later Eastern Flying Training Command) for advanced single-engine flight training, both by military and contract civilian air instructors. The Army Air Forces Pilot School (Advanced Single-Engine) was the Operational Training Unit. By 1 September the complement of aircraft had risen to 132 BT-13s and 14 BT-15s.. For a time, Bainbridge also hosted twin-engine advanced training in the AT-10 until other bases reached completion.
Bainbridge closed on 24 December 1944. Remaining flight cadets were reassigned to Shaw AAF and Cochran AAF to complete basic flight training. With the airfield's closure, the Army Air Force gifted the base to the City and County.
Air Training Command.
There was little need, however, for the airfield, and in the immediate postwar years, farmers leased the open areas of the airfield for cultivation and the cantonment area was used for various purposes.
As a result of the Korean War which began in 1950 and the expansion of the United States Air Force, Bainbridge Air Base* was reopened. The base had deteriorated badly over its six idle years and a major renovation project was required to return it to acceptable standards. In January 1951, rehabilitation of the base began. It was activated on 11 July 1951 by the USAF Air Training Command, as a contract flying training school. The 3306th Pilot Training Group (Contract Flying) was the Operational Training Unit, with ground and flight training being conducted by Southern Airways Company using World War II-era T-6 Texans that had been upgraded and designated as T-6G's. Beginning with Class 54-ABC in the spring of 1953, the first 25 hours of flight instruction was given in Piper Super Cubs (PA-18) with engines. This was examined as a means of reducing the cost of discovering which students would wash out of the program due to lack of flying ability. After this initial 25 hours, flight training was then continued in the T-6G. At this time, in addition to U.S. Air Force personnel (which consisted of aspiring officers as well as Aviation Cadets), personnel from the NATO countries of France, Italy, Holland, Denmark and Norway were also entered into the USAF flight-training program, and trained alongside their USAF counterparts. 
Bainbridge Air Base expanded rapidly and during the height of the Korean War had six classes of 140 students in training at one time. Following the end of the Korean War, class numbers reduced to four. During the 1954/1955 timeframe, Bainbridge retired the T-6's transitioning to the T-28 and T-34. Besides USAF students, flight cadets from Italy, Portugal, Venezuela, West Germany, Japan, France and newly independent South Vietnam were trained. The base received Cessna T-37 Tweet jet trainers starting in December 1959 as part of "Project All-Jet" in attempt to determine effectiveness of primary flight training in one type of aircraft.
In 1960, ATC began looking at a new training concept—combining preflight, primary, and basic instruction into consolidated pilot training (CPT), later renamed Undergraduate Pilot Training (UPT). Secretary of the Air Force Dudley C. Sharp approved the idea in March 1960, and Air Training Command intended to have the training program in operation by March 1961. At the same time, Secretary Sharp approved initiation of a consolidated pilot training program, ATC decided to replace all civilian flying instructors with military officers, as had been done with the instructor cadre when the T-37 was introduced, and to phase out all contract primary schools.
Bainbridge AB ended contract primary training in early December, with the transfer of the T-37 aircraft being completed by 23 December 1960. The base was inactivated and returned to civilian control on 31 March 1961.
Today, Bainbridge is used for various purposes in addition to a small amount of aviation activity. On the former base are several manufacturing plants. For a time, the Southern Airways built student housing was used by a mental health facility. Some of the remaining Southern Airways buildings are occupied by the Georgia Department of Corrections as a prison. The golf course built in the 1950s is still in use, and the World War II hangars are still in use.
Through the years a lot of material has been gathered about the Southern Airways School and Bainbridge Air Base. The information is located at the Decatur County Museum.
.* Note: Air Training Command applied the "Air Base" designator to private contractor-operated flying training bases in the 1950s

</doc>
<doc id="18470734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18470734" title="Native Plant Society of Texas">
Native Plant Society of Texas

The Native Plant Society of Texas is a Texas not-for-profit organization that promotes the conservation, research and utilization of the native plants and plant habitats of Texas through education, outreach and example. The Native Plant Society of Texas was founded in 1981 by Carroll Abbott, of Kerrville, Texas, and sponsored by several members of the faculty of Texas Woman's University, along with other interested individuals. The organization is sometimes referred to by the acronyms NPST or NPSOT. 
The organization includes both state-wide programs and local chapters. There are more than 30 local chapters throughout the state which participate in community work projects, plant surveys, workshops, landscaping projects, and demonstration gardens. Members range from amateur plant enthusiasts and gardeners, to professional botanists and horticulturists, alongside naturalists, hikers, and nature photographers.
The organization is funded by a combination of gifts, grants and membership dues. The headquarters is located at 320 West San Antonio St, in Fredericksburg, Texas.
Goals.
The Native Plant Society of Texas aims to educate both its members and the general public and to foster a greater awareness of the Texas native flora; to encourage landscaping with appropriate native plants; to protect, conserve and restore native plants threatened by development; to encourage the responsible propagation of native plants; and the promote appreciation and understanding of current, historical and potential uses of native plants. 
The organization awards scholarships and educational grants at both the graduate and undergraduate level. There is an annual awards program to recognize publications, research and other activities in the field of native plants. 
Chapter Activities.
Chapters of the Native Plant Society of Texas organize many events of local significance. In keeping with the public outreach and education mission of the society, these events are usually free and open to the public.
The organization sponsors a Native Landscaping Certification Program aimed at professional landscapers as well as homeowners. The program holds classes at several levels stressing the value of using native plants in the built environment.
The organization sponsors the Operation NICE! program (Natives Instead of Common Exotics). Operation NICE! works with growers and nurseries to educate the public about the use of native plants in home landscaping and helps make natives more available. 
Quarterly magazine.
The Native Plant Society of Texas publishes a quarterly magazine called "NPSOT News" which is sent to all members. The magazine includes news about organization activities as well as stories and photographs on native plants and native plant habitats in Texas and related items.
Annual symposium.
Every fall an annual educational symposium is held in a different vegetational region of Texas celebrating the unique flora of the region. The symposium features an awards banquet, exhibitions, lectures and field trips within the region. The 2014 Symposium will be in Texarkana on October 16-19.

</doc>
<doc id="18470738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18470738" title="Ohrid Swimming Marathon">
Ohrid Swimming Marathon

The Ohrid Swimming Marathon (Macedonian: Охридски Пливачки Маратон, "Ohridski Plivački Maraton") is an international Open water swimming competition, established in always taking place in the waters of the Ohrid Lake, Republic of Macedonia. The swimmers are supposed to swim 30 km from Sveti Naum to the Ohrid harbor.
The 2008 Marathon.
The 2008 competition was the 22nd edition of the Ohrid Swimming Marathon. Prior to the event the Swimming Federation of Macedonia announced that in 2008 there will be about 25 competitors, of which six are from the Republic of Macedonia itself and several other swimmers from other countries including Argentina, Bulgaria or Slovenia. The winner of the marathon was Bulgarian swimmer Petar Stoychev.

</doc>
<doc id="18470741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18470741" title="Shohoku College">
Shohoku College

Initially, the school offered course work in electronic engineering and in housekeeping. Courses in child-raising were added in 1979, and in business administration in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="18470751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18470751" title="Notirus">
Notirus

Notirus is a genus of marine bivalve molluscs, in the family Veneridae. 

</doc>
<doc id="18470765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18470765" title="Mushkegowuk Council">
Mushkegowuk Council

Mushkegowuk Council (pointed: ᐅᒪᐡᑫᑯ ᐅᑭᒫᐎᐎᐣ ("omashkeko okimāwiwin"); unpointed: ᐅᒪᐡᑫᑯ ᐅᑭᒪᐎᐎᐣ), or officially as the Mushkegowuk Tribal Council, is a non-profit Regional Chiefs' Council representing Cree First Nations in northern Ontario, Canada. The Council, located in Moose Factory, Ontario provides advisory services and program delivery to its eight member-Nations.
Mission.
According to their own website, the Mushkegowuk Council state their mission as "To respond to and carry out the collective will of all Mushkegowuk members. We are committed to providing responsible and accountable political leadership. The Mushkegowuk Council is dedicated to providing quality, equitable and accessible support and advisory services to respond to and meet the social, economic, cultural, educational, spiritual, and political needs of First Nations, thereby improving the quality of life for our people."
Council.
The Council is made up of a representing Chief from each of the eight member communities. The Chiefs provide political direction to the organization in its strategic planning, government relations and policy development. To assist in these activities, the Council maintains a political and advocacy staff to support its efforts in helping their communities to prosper. In turn, the Council is a member of Nishnawbe Aski Nation, a Tribal Political Organization representing majority of Treaty 5 and Treaty 9 First Nations in northern Ontario.

</doc>
<doc id="18470767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18470767" title="Shonan Junior College">
Shonan Junior College

The predecessor of the school was founded in 1910 in Kanda, Tokyo as the , the first women’s dental school in Japan. After the 1923 Great Kantō earthquake, it relocated to Shinagawa. It relocated again to Ota-ku, Tokyo in 1933, and to its present location in Yokosuka in 1964 as the Kanagawa Dental College. The junior college was established in 1952, and shares the same campus. The primary aspect of its curriculum is to provide the commercial, legal and communications skills for a successful dental practice.

</doc>
<doc id="18470777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18470777" title="Walter Carnielli">
Walter Carnielli

Walter Alexandre Carnielli (born on 11 January in 1952 in Campinas, Brazil) is a Brazilian mathematician, logician, and philosopher, full professor of Logic at the State University of Campinas (UNICAMP). With a Bachelor and a Ms.C. degree in mathematics at the State University of Campinas in Campinas he obtained his Ph.D. in 1984 in the same university under the supervision of Newton da Costa and subsequently stayed as a PostDoc at the University of California at Berkeley as a Research Fellow, following an invitation by Leon Henkin.
Areas of interest.
Many-valued logic and paraconsistent logic.
Carnielli contributed to the proof theory and semantics of many-valued logics and paraconsistent logics. His tableau method for many-valued logics generalized all previous treatments of the subject [W. A. Carnielli. Systematization of the finite many-valued logics through the method of tableaux. The Journal of Symbolic Logic 52
(2), 1987, pp. 73–493]. His proposal of the possible-translations semantics (a new semantical interpretation for paraconsistent logics) contributed to a revival in the philosophial interpretation of paraconsistent logics , A. Carnielli (with M. E. Coniglio and J. Marcos). Logics of Formal Inconsistency. In: Handbook of Philosophical Logic, vol. 14, pp. 15–107. Eds.: D. Gabbay; F. Guenthner. Springer, 2007.
The logics of formal inconsistency which systematize a large class of paraconsistent logics opened the way to the application of paraconsistency to computer science and to new philosophical investigations on paraconsistency.
Combinatorics, modulated logics, and combinations of logics.
He also published on finite and infinite combinatorics, and developed (with his collaborators A. M. Sette an P. A. Veloso) the modulated logics, a new kind of logics which allows the formalization of qualitative reasoning by means of special generalized quantifiers. His research also includes model theory, non-classical logics and foundations of quantum computation and combinations of logics.
Positions and awards.
Carnielli served as a Director for the Centre for Logic, Epistemology and the History of Science at UNICAMP for three terms, and served as President of the Brazilian Logic Society. He was distinguished with an Alexander von Humboldt Grant for long term research stays in Germany, and served as en editor and/or a member of editorial boards of major journals, such as Studia Logica, Logic and Logical Philosophy, Journal of Applied Logic,
CLE e-Prints, Reports on Mathematical Logic and "Journal of Applied Non-Classical Logics". He is a recipient of the Telesio-Galilei Gold Medal Award 2012 in Philosophy and Mathematics.
Selected publications.
Articles.
Mathematical Logic Quarterly" Volume 18, Issue 1, 2008, pages
123-151.
Quarterly" Volume 55, Issue 5, 2009, pages 515-534.

</doc>
<doc id="18470779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18470779" title="Robbie Wills">
Robbie Wills

Former State Representative Robert D. "Robbie" Wills, Jr. (born May 27, 1968, Conway, Arkansas) is a retired American politician and attorney residing in Conway, Arkansas. He is the former Speaker of the House of the Arkansas House of Representatives and former State Representative representing House District 46 (as constituted from 2001-2011), which consisted of the western half of the City of Conway and a section of rural Western Faulkner County, Arkansas. Wills was sworn in as Speaker of the House of the 87th General Assembly on January 12, 2009. Wills was named to the Arkansas Business Power List in 2008 and the Arkansas Business 40 Under 40, also in 2008. Wills was elected as a Democrat. Wills was first elected in 2004 and was reelected without opposition in 2006 and 2008.
Wills was born on May 27, 1968 in Conway, Arkansas and attended Conway Public Schools. His parents, Robert and Lou Jane Adams Wills, are retired long-time school teachers. As a child, Wills and his family lived at Pickles Gap Creek Crafts Village, a local tourist attraction two miles North of Conway founded by his grandparents, Jean "Momma Jean" Alley Adams and "Poppa" Wilburn C. Adams. Pickles Gap was known regionally as the "Home of the Do-Nothing," after a novelty item manufactured and sold at Pickles Gap. The Wills family moved into Conway when Robbie was 10 years old.
After graduating Conway High School in 1986, Wills enrolled at the University of Central Arkansas in Conway, receiving an ACT scholarship. After his freshman year, in the summer of 1987, Wills briefly relocated to Los Angeles, California with his band, the late 1980s hair-metal group "Crimson Tear," to pursue opportunities in the music business. The trip was ultimately unsuccessful and Wills returned home to Conway. Unfortunately, he returned too late to enroll in the fall semester at U.C.A. and therefore forfeited his scholarship. Wills has cited this as a turning point in his life, after which he applied himself to school and leadership. (Wills' early interest in music continued. He self-recorded and released several original compilations including "Demonstration" (1995) "Tucker Creek" (1998) "The Very Best "(2002) and "45" (2013)). Wills also tried his hand at stand-up comedy, performing at fraternity "Comedy Nights" and at a local comedy club ("Teleplex"), and for two years hosted a late night comedy-variety show on local community-access cable television ("Conway After Hours," circa 1988-89). Wills was a founding member and local president of the Sigma Phi Epsilon fraternity at U.C.A. (Arkansas Zeta Chapter) and later worked as a regional director for the national office of Sig Ep, based in Richmond, Virginia.
Wills ran unsuccessfully for State Representative in 1998 against Republican Marvin Parks. (Wills and Parks subsequently became friends). In 2000, he ran unopposed for Justice of the Peace on the Faulkner County Quorum Court, and was reelected in 2002.
Wills enrolled in the University of Arkansas at Little Rock Bowen School of Law in the fall of 2000. He graduated with a Juris Doctorate in December 2003. Wills earned the top score on the February 2004 Arkansas Bar Exam. His law office is located in Conway, Arkansas.
In 2004, he ran again for State Representative against Dr. John Smith, the former interim president of the University of Central Arkansas. Wills was elected with 53% of the vote. Wills served as Speaker of the House of Representatives during his third term in office during 2009-1010.
Wills ran unsuccessfully for US Congress after Vic Snyder announced his retirement in January 2010. Wills ran in a five-way Democratic primary in 2010 against fellow Democrats John Adams, David Boling, Patric Kennedy and Joyce Elliott. Wills was the only candidate from outside Pulaski County (the most populous county in the 2nd Congressional District). In spite of his visible position as Speaker of the House, Wills ran second in the initial balloting and faced a runoff with State Senator Joyce Elliott of Little Rock. The runoff was noted for its decidedly negative tone, with Wills attacking Elliott for her "extreme liberal" voting record as a state legislator and Elliott and her surrogates implying that Wills was racist for suggesting that Elliott would not fare well in the General Election (Elliott is an African-American female). Many liberal voters rejected Wills as too conservative due to his resistance to the early drafts of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act ("Obamacare"). This was in spite of his distinguished record in health care policy as a legislator, including his prominent leadership role in passing a 56 cent increase in the state tobacco tax to create the Arkansas Trauma System. Wills has stated that he felt "excommunicated" from the Democratic party as a result of the 2010 primary. Sen. Elliott won the runoff with a total vote of 36,983 (54%) to Wills' 31,822 (46%), in spite of only carrying 1 out of the 8 counties (Pulaski) in the 2nd District. Wills conceded the race and immediately endorsed Elliott, earning a modicum of good will from party regulars. Elliott eventually lost to Republican Tim Griffin in a landslide (62%-38%). Wills has never commented publicly on the outcome of the 2010 General Election and he remains frieindly with both Elliott and Griffin.
Wills and his wife, Dana, are currently with the Wills Law Firm, PLLC as a government affairs consultants. Although initially criticized for utilizing the "revolving door" between the legislature and the lobbying profession, Wills has since been consistently recognized by legislators and other insiders as one of the most respected bi-partisan lobbyists at the state capitol. While his name occasionally comes up in conversations about various political offices, both as a potential Democratic and Republican candidate, he has emphatically stated he will "never" run for public office again.
Wills is married to the former Dana Maxwell (b. September 30, 1976) of Keota, Oklahoma, a certified public accountant. They have two daughters, Rylee Elizabeth Wills (b. October 25, 2001) and Alley Reece Wills (b. May 26, 2009). Wills has one sister, Susan Wills Robinson (b. May 7, 1971). She is married to Lee Robinson (b. March 2, 1973). The Robinsons have two children, Sam Cooper Robinson (b. July 29, 2004) and Katherine "Kate" Lee Robinson (b.July 25, 2006).

</doc>
<doc id="18470781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18470781" title="Bukey Horde">
Bukey Horde

The Bukey Horde (; ), also known as the Inner Horde or Interior Horde was an autonomous Khanate of Kazakhs located north of the Caspian Sea in between Ural and Volga Rivers but never reached this rivers. The khanate officially existed from 1801 to 1845, when the position of khan was abolished and the area was fully absorbed into the administration of the Russian Empire. It was located in the western part of modern-day Kazakhstan. The land spread on 71,000 square kilometers.
The population consisted primarily from 5 thousand families of Junior Juz. In a middle of 19th century population grew to 200 thousand people.
It was named after sultan Bokei Nuralyuly.
In 1756 the Russians attempted to ban the Kazakhs from crossing the Ural River, partly to help the Bashkirs. This was difficult to enforce, given Russia's limited resources. There were numerous 'illegal' crossings and conflicts with the Ural Cossaks. In 1771, following the Kalmyck exodus to Dzungaria, the area became depopulated. The Russians attempted to confine the remaining Kalmyks west of the Volga. From 1782 the Russians permitted Nur Ali and his family, and later some other groups, to cross the Ural legally. In 1801, Russia allowed Nur Ali's son Sultan Bukey, along with some 7,500 families from the Junior jüz to reside permanently in the "Inner Side", as the western side of the Ural was known. After the death of Bukey Sultan, Shygai Khan became the new khan from 1819–1823, followed by Zhangir Khan from 1823-1845.
In 1845, following the death of Zhangir Khan, the position of khan was abolished and the area gradually came under Russian civil administration.
From 1836 to 1838, under the command of Isatay Taymanuly and famous akyn Makhambet Otemisuly, an uprising against the rule of Zhangir Khan occurred in the region. The uprising was eventually suppressed.

</doc>
<doc id="18470790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18470790" title="St. Cecilia Women's Junior College">
St. Cecilia Women's Junior College


</doc>
<doc id="18470813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18470813" title="Bocephus King">
Bocephus King

Bocephus King is an Indie artist from Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. His discography includes: "Joco Music" released in 1996 by Tonic Records, "A Small Good Thing" released in 1998 by New West Records, "The Blue Sickness" released in 2000 by Tonic Records, and "All Children Believe In Heaven" released in 2004 by Tonic Records and "Willie Dixon God Damn" released in 2011 by Tonic Records.

</doc>
<doc id="18470848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18470848" title="Graham Air Base">
Graham Air Base

Graham Air Base was a United States Air Force base located in Marianna, Florida. After it was closed in 1960, it was reused as Marianna Municipal Airport.
History.
Marianna Army Airfield.
The federal government acquired the airport at the city of Marianna in 1942 and added additional in order to construct the Marianna Army Air Field for the U.S. Army Air Forces. The airfield opened on 8 August 1942 and eventually had six hard surface runways averaging in length and was a training base for the Southeast Army Air Force Training Command. In addition to the main airfield, Marianna AAF also had the following known sub-bases and auxiliaries
The Army Air Forces Pilot School (Advanced-Single Engine) was activated on 1 September 1942, with the 17th Single Engine Flying Training Group being the Operational Training Unit. Aircraft used during training were P-40 Warhawks and AT-6 Texans. Marianna AAF was transferred from the jurisdiction of Eastern Flying Training Command to Third Air Force on 12 October 1944. The station came under the command of the 137th Army Air Forces Base Unit. With the reassignment to Third Air Force, the mission of the base was changed from the training of pilots for single-engine pursuit fighter aircraft to training of combat crews for the A-26 Invader light bomber aircraft.
After the war ended, the airfield was closed on 15 February 1946 and the Federal Government returned control of to the City of Marianna in 1947.
Graham Air Base.
In 1953, the old Marianna Army Air Field was reactivated as a United States Air Force installation under the Air Training Command (ATC) in response to increased demands for pilots as a result of the Cold War and the associated increase in number of Air Force combat flying wings, especially within the Strategic Air Command. The facility was activated on 27 January 1953 and renamed Graham Air Base for William J. Graham, the school head and senior civilian instructor who provided flight training to pilots. Graham AB replaced Greenville Air Force Base, Mississippi as a contract pilot training school as Greenville AFB became an ATC basic single engine and jet pilot training school.
The 3300th Pilot Training Squadron was reassigned from Greenville to Marianna to support the mission, with predominantly civilian instructors providing training in USAF PA-18 Super Cub and AT-6 Texan, and subsequently T-34 Mentor and T-28 Trojan aircraft, graduating a group of USAF student pilots from primary training every six weeks. Because its short runways could not readily accommodate the USAF jet trainers of the period, student pilots completing primary training were then assigned to other air force bases with longer runways for more advanced training in aircraft such as the T-33 Shooting Star. Although its instructor cadre was primarily civilian, Graham AB was still an Air Force installation with an overall military cadre in command and operated under constant military supervision.
Students were a combination of both commissioned USAF officers and non-commissioned air cadets, the latter who would receive their commissions upon completion of flight training. New bachelor officer quarters, cadet barracks and other facilities were built. The air base employed 700 civilians in addition to assigned USAF military cadre and student personnel . Notable graduates of initial pilot training at Graham AB include former Chief of the National Guard Bureau, Lieutenant General Russell C. Davis and former Vice Chief of Staff of the Air Force, General Michael P. C. Carns, who was also a member of the first graduating class of the USAF Academy in 1959. 
In June 1958, the Air Force began replacing their prop-driven T-28s with the first T-37 Tweet jet trainers, and by 1960, the Air Force was fully committed to transitioning to the Undergraduate Pilot Training (UPT) concept at selected Air Training Command installations with longer runways which would eventually host T-37 Tweet and T-38 Talon jet trainers. Facilities like Graham AB, with civilian contractor instructors and short runways became obsolete and were eventually closed in the early 1960s.
The Air Force closed Graham AB in late 1960, despite efforts of influential Florida Congressman Robert L. F. Sikes to keep it running. As the installation was being scaled down as a military facility, the industrial committee of the Junior Chamber of Commerce worked to adapt the air base into a combination industrial park and civilian airport. The 3300th Training Squadron was inactivated on 1 February 1961. ATC wanted to close the base in March, but an Air Force imposed freeze on shipping property delayed its final closure. However, on 31 August 1961 the base was turned over to civil control.
Civil use.
Today the airport is known as Marianna Municipal Airport. In addition to its civilian general aviation traffic, the airport continues to see significant use by military aircraft, with one third of the airport's daily operations normally consisting of transient military training flights, primarily Army helicopters from Fort Rucker and Navy helicopters from Naval Air Station Whiting Field.

</doc>
<doc id="18470859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18470859" title="Lone Star Wind Farm">
Lone Star Wind Farm

The Lone Star Wind Farm in Shackelford and Callahan Counties in Texas was officially opened by Horizon Wind Energy in June 2008, with an installed generating capacity of 400 MW. The site's 200 Gamesa 2 MW wind turbines produce enough electricity for at least 120,000 homes, with environmental benefits claimed to be equivalent to taking about 90,000 cars off of the road.

</doc>
<doc id="18470878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18470878" title="Dictius Te Necare">
Dictius Te Necare

Dictius Te Necare is the second full length studio album by the German band Bethlehem. It was released in 1996 on Red Stream. It was re-released in 2002 on the same label but as a digipack with extra tracks.
Track listing.
Released on limited edition Picture LP by Red Stream in '98, with a new cover.
Re-released in 2002 (2004) on Red Stream as 2CD-Digipak, includes:
- two music/PC-video CDs in a DVD case.
- remixes from DTN, Dark Metal and S.U.I.Z.I.D.
- PC-ROM videos (including a live video from Dark Metal).
- two rare tracks from the DTN sessions.
- oversized booklet with never before seen photos from the Dictius- and
Reflektionen-era.

</doc>
<doc id="18470898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18470898" title="Hoita macrostachya">
Hoita macrostachya

Hoita macrostachya is a species of legume known by the common name large leatherroot. It is native to California and Baja California where it can be found in moist areas of a number of habitat types. This is a hairy, glandular perennial herb producing a tall, branching stem approaching two meters in maximum height. The sparse, widely spaced leaves are each made up of three leaflets up to 10 centimeters long each attached to a long petiole. The leaflet blades are glandular. The plant produces many clublike raceme inflorescences on sturdy stalks from the stem. The inflorescence contains many purplish pealike flowers. The fruit is a hairy, veiny brown legume pod under a centimeter long containing a kidney-shaped seed.

</doc>
<doc id="18470921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18470921" title="Battle of Lagunillas">
Battle of Lagunillas

The Battle of Lagunillas was a battle in the Arauco War on November 8, 1557 between the army of García Hurtado de Mendoza and the Mapuche army near some shallow lakes a league south of the Bio-Bio River. 
History.
In anticipation of Mendoza's invasion of their territory the Mapuche organized their defense by gathering their forces in three places; the first was a pucará on the height of Andalicán five leagues south of Concepcion covering the approach down the coast to Arauco. The rest of their forces gathered near Millarapue and Tucapel. 
Mendoza's well equipped army left Concepcion on 29 October to begin his campaign against the Mapuche and marched south to the mouth of the Bio-bio River. There he camped and dispatched a small force five leagues upstream to cut wood and build rafts for a crossing. This was to draw the attention of the Mapuche while he made his real crossing using the boats of his fleet and special rafts constructed to carry his thousand horses quickly across the river. His deception was successful and his whole army made an unopposed crossing at the river mouth. 
Once his army was successfully across he advanced a league further south to some small shallow lakes at the foot of the wooded mountains of Araucanía's Nahuelbuta Range. There he encamped while sending a small detachment of cavalry under Captain Reinoso to the south to reconnoiter his next day's march. When Reinoso's small force came in sight of the Mapuche force gathered on Andalicán it was attacked by the Mapuche. Reinoso's force fell back before the advance of the Mapuche, attempting to delay them while he sent word back to Mendoza that the Mapuche were advancing on the army. Meanwhile a pair of Spanish soldiers left camp without orders to gather some fruit in the nearby woods and discovered a large force of Mapuche waiting in ambush. One was killed but the other managed to escape and bring word to the camp of the proximity of their enemy. 
Upon receiving word of the approach of the Mapuche from Captain Reinoso, the governor sent him a reinforcement of fifty of his cavalry and twenty arquebusiers under Rodrigo de Quiroga. Thus reinforced, captains Reinoso and Quiroga slowed the Mapuche advance through the marshes and ponds. With the alert about the approach of the warriors from the nearby Mapuche ambush, Mendoza rapidly organized his army for battle and repulsed their first onset. Soon Reinoso and Quiroga arrived to rejoin the army with the Mapuche from Andalicán close behind and a general engagement began. 
Despite being outnumbered, the Spanish arqubusiers and artillery broke up the Mapuche attacks and the cavalry exploited the disorder, driving the Mapuche back into a marsh seeking protection from the horsemen. However the Spanish foot followed them into the marsh and after a stubborn resistance the Mapuche fled into the wooded hills behind the marsh. The Spaniards pursued cautiously, wary of ambush, and returned in the late afternoon with prisoners. Two Spaniards were killed, but many were seriously wounded while three hundred Mapuche were killed in the battle and one hundred fifty were captured including Galvarino. 
Tried for insurrection, these prisoners were condemned to amputation of their right hand and nose; others like Galvarino had both hands cut off. Galvarino and the rest were then released as a lesson and warning for the rest of the Mapuche. Mendoza sent Galvarino to inform the toqui Caupolican of the number and quality of the people which had entered their land again, to put some fear into him, so that he might submit without coming to blows. The following day Mendoza advanced and captured the abandoned pucara on Andalicán. The following day the army pushed on and took the heights of Marihueñu, which was only lightly held, leaving the way into the province of Arauco open to their advance.
Additional informations.
Sources.
Of these sources Pedro Mariño de Lobera and Alonso de Góngora Marmolejo are thought to have participated in the battle. While Jerónimo de Vivar was in Santiago compiling his history from others accounts. 

</doc>
<doc id="18470949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18470949" title="Notirus reflexus">
Notirus reflexus

Notirus reflexus is a bivalve mollusc of the family Veneridae

</doc>
<doc id="18470981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18470981" title="Falchion (band)">
Falchion (band)

Falchion was a Finnish heavy metal band formed in 2002. Their debut album, "Legacy of Heathens", was released in 2005. The vocalist and lead guitarist Juho Kauppinen and drummer Matti Johansson perform with the Finnish folk metal group Korpiklaani, as the accordion player and drummer, respectively. The band dissolved in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18470991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18470991" title="Tytania">
Tytania

Plot.
In a future where mankind is scattered across the stars, the Empire of Valdana is under the control of the Tytania clan, which forged its influence through intimidation and economic might. In the year 446, Tytania dispatches a large fleet to seize a new piece of technology from the city-state of Euriya. Much to everyone's surprise, Euriya decides to resist and wins. Their isolated act of rebellion sets into motion a sequence of events that strains the careful alliances and treaties within the empire as various factions seek to exploit the situation to their own advantage. In the ensuing turmoil, ambitious members of the Tytania nobility begin moving against each other in an effort to settle old grievances and seize control of the clan. What started as an act of rebellion by Euriya, quickly expands into a civil war – with the wealth and power of the empire up for grabs to whoever is bold enough to seize it.
Anime.
The anime adaptation of "Tytania" is produced by Artland and began its run on broadcast station NHK on 9 October 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18471007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18471007" title="Open book">
Open book

Open book may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18471018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18471018" title="Straight from the Heart (2003 film)">
Straight from the Heart (2003 film)

Straight from the Heart is a made-for-TV movie that premiered on Hallmark Channel on February 9, 2003. It is based on the romance novel by Pamela Wallace.
Plot.
Jordan Donovan (Teri Polo), a photographer from New York City, is set up with Tyler Ross (Andrew McCarthy), a Wyoming rancher, by her roommate after her boyfriend fails to commit. Jordan flies to Wyoming to meet Tyler and his sister Laurie and her fiancé. Jordan learns his sister placed his ad in the singles magazine for him. Although Tyler is initially put off by Jordan's city slicker attitude, they find themselves drawn to each other.

</doc>
<doc id="18471038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18471038" title="List of company towns">
List of company towns

This is a list of company towns.
See the category Company towns for an unannotated list of articles.
Europe.
Russia.
Non-ferrous metal industry (the plants there are mostly owned by Norilsk Nickel):
Iron mining:
Non-metal mineral extraction and processing:
Oil and gas:
Petrochemical industry:
Russian writers and politicians commonly use the expression "градообразующее предприятие" ("gradoobrazuyushcheye predpriyatiye", literally 'the enterprise that has created the town') to refer to the industrial facility - these days often part of a larger company such as LUKOIL or Norilsk Nickel - that is the city's main employer and the main source of funding for the city's budget.
North America.
United States.
See List of company towns in the United States

</doc>
<doc id="18471040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18471040" title="Phil Waldorf">
Phil Waldorf

Phil Waldorf (born 1974) is an American music industry executive.
Biography.
Waldorf began his music industry career as a student at the University of Georgia, where he was music director of WUOG, the student radio station. During that time, he lived at the Athens, Georgia, home known as the Landfill, where he often booked local indie rock musicians such as Neutral Milk Hotel and Olivia Tremor Control (members of the Elephant 6 collective), as well as out-of-town touring bands, to play live shows. 
After moving to Brooklyn, New York, from Athens in 1998, Waldorf worked at the record store Other Music. In 1999, Waldorf became founding label manager of independent record label Misra; as the public face of the label, which was under other ownership, he headed its operations and A&R until 2006. Waldorf moved the label from Brooklyn to Austin, Texas, in 2003, where in 2005 he also began to book live music part time at the rock club Emo's. 
In 2007 Waldorf left Misra and Emo's to become the president of Dead Oceans, an independent record label founded in partnership with the owners of labels Secretly Canadian and Jagjaguwar of Bloomington, Indiana.

</doc>
<doc id="18471049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18471049" title="Forrest Highway">
Forrest Highway

Forrest Highway is a highway in Western Australia's Peel region, that bypasses the original Perth–Bunbury route through the coastal city of Mandurah. It is the southern section of State Route 2, which continues north to Perth and Joondalup via the Kwinana and Mitchell freeways. The highway links Kwinana Freeway's southern terminus in Ravenswood with Old Coast Road's dual carriageway in Lake Clifton. There are a number of at-grade intersections with minor roads in the shires of Murray and Waroona, including Greenlands Road and Old Bunbury Road, both of which connect to South Western Highway near Pinjarra.
Since the 1980s, the state government has been upgrading the main Perth to Bunbury route, by extending the Kwinana Freeway south from Perth, and constructing a dual carriageway on Old Coast Road north of Bunbury. The existing alignment through Mandurah would form a bottleneck, so the Main Roads Department began planning a bypass. The proposed road underwent detailed environmental reviews and assessments in the 1990s and early 2000s, and in 2006, the environmental management plan exceeded some of the environmental approval requirements. Construction of the New Perth Bunbury Highway project, which included the final Kwinana Freeway extension, began in December 2006, and the new highway was opened on 20 September 2009. Within one year of opening, the number of road accidents in the area had decreased by 60%; however, as Forrest Highway drew a significant amount of traffic away from the inland route, South Western Highway, tourism and businesses in the towns on that highway were affected.
Route description.
Forrest Highway is the southern section of State Route 2, continuing south from Kwinana Freeway at a folded diamond interchange with Pinjarra Road. All other intersections with the freeway are at-grade, with cross roads intersected via two closely spaced T junctions. The highway, which is controlled and maintained by Main Roads Western Australia, has two lanes in each direction separated by a wide median strip, and a speed limit of . The road travels south for , over the adjacent Murray River and through rural land in and beyond South Yunderup. The highway then veers south-west, meeting Greenlands Road at a pair of staggered T junctions after .
Forrest Highway continues towards the Harvey Estuary over a distance of before intersecting Mills Road, at another pair of closely spaced T junctions. The road curves back to the south, reaching Birchmont road after , and Herron Point Road following a further . The highway heads south, for , to Old Bunbury Road. Forrest Highway meanders across the Spearwood dune system for , through a series of large curves, before it reaches its southern terminus at Old Coast Road at . Through traffic bound for Bunbury flows onto Old Coast Road's dual carriageway southbound, while the road's north-westbound single carriageway provides an alternative coastal route to .
In April 2011, the monthly average daily weekday traffic volume north of Old Bunbury Road was reported as 5010 vehicles northbound, and 5650 vehicles southbound. These figures were up from 4630 northbound and 5050 southbound when the highway first opened in 2009.
History.
Historically, there have been two road routes between Perth and Bunbury, in the South West region of Western Australia. South Western Highway, the inland route, travels near the base of the Darling Scarp, while the Perth–Bunbury Highway route runs along coastal roads, including Old Coast Road south of Mandurah. The Perth–Bunbury Highway is the more direct, primary route, and since the 1980s, the state government has been committed to upgrading it. The ultimate design is for a freeway or expressway-standard road, but with staged construction initially providing a dual carriageway. While the dual carriageway could be constructed north from Bunbury, and Kwinana Freeway was progressively being extended south from Perth, the alignment through Mandurah was constrained by existing development, which would result in a bottleneck. To overcome this problem, Main Roads began planning for a new route east of the Peel Inlet in the 1980s.
The proposed Perth Bunbury Highway Peel deviation, part of which later became an extension to the Kwinana Freeway, underwent a public environmental review in 1997, and subsequently an environmental assessment by the Environmental Protection Authority (EPA) in 2000. The relevant environment factors considered by the EPA were vegetation communities, declared rare and priority flora, wetlands, and traffic noise. Main Roads proposed management plans for each factor. Only clearing of vegetation critical for road construction would be undertaken, and more vegetation would be replaced than the amount impacted, using local native species. A survey for declared rare and priority flora found no rare species, and only one priority species, "Lasiopetalum membranaceum", near the southern end of the project. Road construction would impact one conservation class wetland, but no protected wetlands. To minimise impact, road drainage would be designed to contain spills, and prevent direct discharges into the surrounding environment. Noise levels would be contained to an acceptable limit in the road design, in accordance with the Main Roads traffic noise policy. The EPA concluded that the road could be designed and managed to an acceptable standard. Main Roads' 2006 plan for environmental management of the project included numerous aspects, which for the northern segment of the project were beyond the environmental approval requirements. Specific plans were developed regarding fauna, topsoil management, construction, foreshores, and both Aboriginal and European heritage.
Construction of the highway and freeway extension began in December 2006, with the whole project then called the New Perth Bunbury Highway. The work was undertaken by a partnership of Main Roads, Leighton Contractors, WA Limestone and GHD, known as the Southern Gateway Alliance. The project consisted of a freeway-standard extension to Pinjarra Road and the Murray River at South Yunderup, and a highway-standard dual carriageway to Old Coast Road at Lake Clifton. By taking traffic around the eastern side of the Peel-Harvey Estuary prior to joining the existing dual carriageway on Old Coast Road, the journey time from Perth to Bunbury is reduced. The actual road names were not known until early 2009, when Transport Minister Simon O'Brien revealed that the section south of Pinjarra Road would be known as Forrest Highway, with the section to the north to become part of the Kwinana Freeway. The highway's name commemorates Sir John Forrest, the state's first premier. The Kwinana Freeway extension and Forrest Highway were opened on 20 September 2009, with a ceremony held at the interchange between the freeway, highway, and Pinjarra Road. The roads were officially opened by Premier Colin Barnett, Senator Chris Evans, Transport Minister Simon O'Brien, Member for Canning Don Randall, and the previous Transport Minister Alannah MacTiernan. The $705 million project was jointly funded by the state and federal governments, which contributed $375 million and $330 million respectively. At the time it opened, it was Western Australia's largest ever road infrastructure project.
One year after the highway opened, the number of road accidents on the main roads in the area had decreased by 60%. However, tourism and businesses in towns along South Western Highway were also affected, with traffic on that highway reduced by 50% north of Pinjarra, and by 20% to the south.

</doc>
<doc id="18471090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18471090" title="Alfred Harcourt">
Alfred Harcourt

Alfred Harcourt (New Paltz, New York, January 31, 1881 - June 20, 1954) was an American Publisher, Compiler and Founder of Harcourt, Brace & Howe in 1919.
Harcourt was born in New Paltz, New York to a fruit farmer and attended the New Paltz Normal School. While at the normal school Harcourt became a member of the Delphic Fraternity. An illness at age 9 lead to his love for books and reading. 
Harcourt graduated from Columbia College of Columbia University in 1904 with fellow grad Donald Brace, with whom he founded a publishing company.
He retired from his business due to poor health in 1941 and died in 1954 in Santa Barbara, California.
Harcourt's second wife, Ellen Knowles, founded the Alfred Harcourt Foundation before her death in 1984.
References.
The Alfred Harcourt Foundation homepage

</doc>
<doc id="18471128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18471128" title="List of video games published by Sunsoft">
List of video games published by Sunsoft

This is a list of video games developed or released by Japanese video game developer Sunsoft.

</doc>
<doc id="18471141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18471141" title="Harry Thomas">
Harry Thomas

Harry Thomas may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18471149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18471149" title="Notocallista">
Notocallista

Notocallista is a genus of marine bivalve molluscs, in the family Veneridae.
Distribution.
This genus is endemic to southern Australia and New Zealand.

</doc>
<doc id="18471150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18471150" title="History of French wine">
History of French wine

The history of French wine spans a period of at least 2600 years dating to the founding of Massalia in the 6th century BC by Phocaeans with the possibility that viticulture existed much earlier. The Romans did much to spread viticulture across the land they knew as Gaul, encouraging the planting of vines in areas that would become the well known wine regions of Bordeaux, Burgundy, Alsace, Champagne, Languedoc, Loire Valley and the Rhone.
Over the course of its history, the French wine industry would be influenced and driven by the commercial interests of the lucrative English market and Dutch traders.
Prior to the French Revolution, the Catholic Church was one of France's largest vineyard owners-wielding considerable influence in regions such as Champagne and Burgundy where the concept of "terroir" first took root. Aided by these external and internal influences, the French wine industry has been the pole bearer for the world wine industry for most of its history with many of its wines considered the benchmark for their particular style. The late 20th and early 21st century brought considerable change—earmarked by a changing global market and competition from other European wine regions like Italy and Spain as well as emerging New World wine producers like California, Australia and South America.
Early history.
There is archaeological evidence to suggest that the Celts first cultivated the grape vine, "Vitis vinifera", in Gaul. Grape pips have been found throughout France, pre-dating Greek and Roman cultural influences, with some examples found near Lake Geneva being over 12,000 years old. A major turning-point in the wine history of Gaul came with the founding of Massalia in the 6th century BC by Greek immigrants from Phocae in Asia Minor. By the 2nd century BC, Massalia (by then known as Massilia) came under Roman influence as a vital port on the trade route linking Rome to Roman settlements at Saguntum (near what is now modern Valencia in Spain). Roman presence and influence in Massilia grew as the settlement came under attack from a succession of forces including the Ligurians, Allobroges and Arverni. Eventually the area became a Roman province first known as Provincia and later Gallia Narbonensis.
The early Greek settlers brought a distinctly Mediterranean outlook to viticulture in Gaul. To their understanding, vines grew best in the same climate and area that would support olive and fig trees, therefore most of the early vineyard planting was in the warm, Mediterranean coastal areas. In 7 BC, the Greek geographer Strabo noted that the areas around Massilia and Narbo could produce the same fruits as Italy but the rest of Gaul further north could not support the olive, fig or vine. Under Roman rule, in the century and a half BC, the majority of the wine consumed in the area was required by law to be Italian in origin, as the distribution of fragments of wine amphorae found throughout Gaul after about 100 BC, especially along the coasts and rivers, suggests: some of the earliest amphorae, from the 2nd century BC, bear Iberian shipper's marks, indicating that distribution of wine predated conquest. It wasn't till the first century AD that there was record of Gaul's wine being of any note or renown. In his "Natural History" (book xiv), Pliny the Elder noted that in the region near Vienna (modern day Vienne in the Rhone wine region), the Allobroges produced a resinated wine that was held in esteem and commanded a high market price. 
It was also during the late first century BC/early first century AD that viticulture started to spread to other areas of Gaul — beyond areas where the olive and fig would grow, where a suitable variety was found to be the "biturica", the ancestor of cabernet varieties. The high demand for wine and the cost of transport from Rome or Massilia were likely motivators for this spread. Archaeological evidence dating to the reign of Augustus suggests that large numbers of amphorae were being produced near Bézier in the Narbonensis and in the Gaillac region of Southwest France. In both these areas, the presence of the evergreen holm oak, "Quercus ilex", which also grows in the familiar Mediterranean climate served as a benchmark indicating an area where the climate was warm enough to ensure a reliable harvest each year. 
Expansion continued into the third century AD, pushing the borders of viticulture beyond the areas of the holm oak to places such as Bordeaux in Aquitania and Burgundy, where the more marginal climate included wet, cold summers that might not produce a harvest each year. But even with the risk of an occasional lost harvest, the continuing demand for wine among the Roman and native inhabitants of Gaul made the proposition of viticulture a lucrative endeavor. By the 6th century AD, vines were planted throughout Gaul including the Loire Valley, the Île-de-France (Paris Basin) which included the areas of modern day Champagne, as well as Brittany.
The decline of the Roman Empire brought sweeping changes to Gaul, as the region was invaded by Germanic tribes from the north including the Visigoths, Burgundians and the Franks, none of whom were familiar with wine. The invaders set up kingdoms in Aquitaine, Burgundy and Île-de-France. By the time that Charlemagne established his kingdom in the late 8th century, power in France was polarised between south and north: unlike the Mediterranean south, where grapes were easy to cultivate and wine was plentiful, the more viticulturally challenged regions of the north saw wine as a luxury item and a symbol of status. The influence of the Christian Church (which had been largely permeated throughout the region since the 6th century) also enhanced the image of wine in France as it became an integral part of the sacrament of the Eucharist, though the discovery of a second-third century silver wine dipper as part of temple votive deposit at Pont-de-Leyris reminds us that wine was an integral part of pagan rites as well.
From the Middle Ages through the Age of Enlightenment.
During the Carolingian era, a new system of land development emerged that was intimately tied with the spread of viticulture in Medieval France. Under this system of "complant", a farmer could approach a land owner with uncultivated land with an offer to plant and tend to the area for a contracted amount of time. After the given length of time, half of the fully cultivated land would revert to full control of the original landowner while the remaining half would become the farmer's under the condition that a percentage or "tithing" of each year's crop would be paid to the original land owner. Under this system, many areas of France were enthusiastically and efficiently planted with little cost to the land owner; such as the Poitou region near La Rochelle. The modern day Loire Valley wine of Quarts de Chaume derives its name from the use of this practice back in the 15th century when the Abbey of Ronceray d'Angers owned a large portion of uncultivated land (chaume) which it contracted out to growers in exchange for a fourth (quart) of the wine produced on the land. 
In the Middle Ages, transportation of heavy wooden barrels of wine over land was a costly and risky proposition. Wine regions close to easily navigable rivers, such as the Loire and Garonne, found the possibility of trade to other regions and outside of France more attainable and profitable while more isolated and landlocked regions like Burgundy had a harder time developing much of a trade market outside their region. Port cities like Bordeaux, La Rochelle and Rouen emerged as formidable centers of commerce with the wines of Gascony, Haut Pays, Poitou and the Île-de-France. During this period, political climates and alliances played a substantial role in the trade of French wines to other European countries. The 1152 marriage of Eleanor of Aquitaine with Henry Plantagenet, the future Henry II of England, was the beginning of a long and fruitful relationship between Bordeaux and England. The 1295 Auld Alliance between France and Scotland against England gave the Scots ample access to French wines for themselves. At the height of its power, the Duchy of Burgundy included the southern parts of the Netherlands and Flanders—introducing the Dutch to the wines of Burgundy.
The 1305 election of Pope Clement V was followed by the move of the papacy from Rome to Avignon. During this time, the wines of the Rhone and Burgundy region received a higher profile due to their preference by the Avignonese popes. When Petrarch wrote to Pope Urban V, pleading for his return to Rome, he noted that one obstacle to his request was that the best Burgundy wines could not be had south of the Alps. Following the prominence of Burgundy wine during the Avignonese papacy, the Valois Dukes of Burgundy took a keen interest in leveraging the region's wines into power and status. The Duchy would become one of the most powerful in France and very nearly it own kingdom—fueled in part by the prestige of the region's wines. 
The 14th century was a period of peak prosperity for the Bordeaux-English wine trade that came to a close during the Hundred Years' War when Gascony came `back under French control in 1453. Following the expulsion of the English, Dutch wine traders took on a more prominent role in Bordeaux. The Dutch were avid traders, buying wine from across Europe (particularly the Mediterranean countries) for trade with Hanseatic states, and were eager to capitalize on the potential of the French wine industry. For most of the 16th and 17th century, the Dutch traders would play an intimate role in the fortunes of the French wine industry. "(See Influence section below)". 
The Age of Enlightenment saw an increase in the study and application of winemaking methods with University sponsored studies and treatise on wine related topics. In 1756 the Academy of Bordeaux invited students to write papers on the topic of clarifying wines and the advantages or disadvantages of using egg whites as a fining agent. In Burgundy, the Academy of Dijon sponsored study on ways to improve the quality of Burgundy wine. In the vineyards, vignerons began focusing more on which grape varieties performed best in different areas and augmenting their plantings to capitalize on their findings.
From the Revolution to Phylloxera.
Following the French Revolution there was an increase in the amount of poor quality French wine being produced. Jean-Antoine Chaptal, the Minister of the Interior for Napoleon, felt that a contributing factor to this trend was the lack of knowledge among many French vignerons of the emerging technologies and winemaking practices that could improve the quality their wines. In 1801, Chaptal compiled this knowledge into a treatise "Traité théorique et pratique sur la culture de la vigne" which included his advocacy of adding sugar to the wine to increase alcohol levels—a process now known as chaptalization. Chaptal's treatise was a turning point in the history of wine technology as it synthesized the knowledge current to the beginning of the 19th century.
By the mid 19th century, the wine industry of France enjoyed a golden period of prosperity. A new class of consumers, the bourgeoisie, emerged as a strong market for wine and other culinary products. The Gironde region of Bordeaux, in particular, enjoyed a swell of interest from both the Parisian market as well as its steady trade with England. For the 1855 Paris Exposition, Emperor Napoleon III commissioned the Bordeaux merchants to come out with a ranking of the region's wine estates. The 1855 classification of Bordeaux would become one of the world's most famous rankings of wine estates. Wine was becoming a cornerstone of the French economy and a source of national pride as French wine enjoyed international recognition as the benchmark standards for the wine world.
A series of events brought this golden age of prosperity to an end. In the 19th century, scientific interest in collecting botanical species lead to the exchange of many specimens from around the world—with the unintended consequence of introducing new diseases and aliments to populations that had no natural resistances to these diseases. North America, in particular, was the source of several grape ailments that would devastate the French wine industry. It started in the 1850s with the introduction of powdery mildew, or oidium, which not only affected the skin color of the grapes but also reduced vine yields and the resulting quality of the wines. The 1854 vintage was particularly hard hit, producing the smallest yields seen in more than 60 years. A solution to the problem was discovered in 1857 when Henri Marès devised a technique of sulfuring vines to combat oidium. 
But just as French vignerons were recovering from oidium came a new mysterious ailment that caused decay or death in the grapevines. The cause was a tiny louse, known as phylloxera, imported from North America. This louse targets the rootstock of the vine. The solution to this epidemic also came from North America in the grafting of naturally resistant American rootstocks to the European vines. However, while the importing of this new North American plant material helped to stave off the phylloxera epidemic, it brought with it yet more problems-the fungal disease of downy mildew that first surfaced in 1878 and black rot that followed in the 1880s.
The devastation to French vineyards brought with it the opportunity to explore new plantings and many vignerons began to experiment with hybrid plantings—starting first with the American hybrids (such as Delaware and Clinton) with genes from the more resistant American vines species and then moving onto to French hybrids (such as Chambourcin and Vidal blanc) that produces wines with flavors more familiar to European "Vitis vinifera".
To the modern day.
In the late 19th century the French government commissioned Louis Pasteur to conduct a study on the problems plaguing the French wine industry. His findings had a lasting influence on the science of French winemaking. Pasteur was asked to help identify wine quality control issues that caused spoilage and other faults. During the 3 to 4 years that Pasteur spent studying wine he observed and explained the process of fermentation—noted that it was living organisms (yeast) that convert sugar in the grape must into alcohol in some form of chemical reaction. He also noted the presence of glycerol and succinic acid in wine as well as the beneficial process of adding tartaric acid during winemaking. Another observation that Pasteur made was that oxygen played a significant role in the aging and improvement of wine.
Pasteur identified several causes of wine spoilage including some that could be controlled during winemaking. He noted that "graisse" was due to the production of polysaccharide, degradation of sugars led to mannitic acid and that the degradation of glycerol led to bitterness in the wine. Pasteur found that the particular problem of Burgundy wine spoiling and turning into vinegar on long voyages to England was caused by the bacterium acetobacter. The results of Pasteur's studies revolutionized the French understanding of winemaking and eventually spread to other wine regions across the globe.
The development of railway systems broadened the horizon for trade in French wines. Regions that were not historically dependent on river transportation suddenly found new opportunities and more commercial interest in their wines now that they could be transported more easily. The Languedoc region of southern France became a vastly planted expanse of land churning out great numbers of light, simple wines that were sent all over France. Many of these wines were "improved" in alcohol, color and weight with the addition of Algerian wine from the French colony in Africa—providing a sizable impact on the Algerian economy until that country's independence in the mid 20th century.
The 20th century brought two world wars which had devastating effects on some French wine regions, but also brought a renewed focus on reorganization of the country's wine industry. The development of the "Institut National des Appellations d'Origine" (INAO) and the "Appellation d'origine contrôlée" (AOC) systems, spearheaded by Châteauneuf-du-Pape producer and lawyer Baron Pierre Le Roy, emphasized the identity of French wines and the concept of "terroir". Programs have been enacted, in conjunction with the European Union, to combat the "wine lake" surplus problem by uprooting less desirable grape varieties and ensuring that vignerons receive technical training in viticulture and winemaking. Many of these actions came in response to declining domestic consumption and slumping sales that followed through the close of the 20th century. Heading into the 21st century, some parts of French wine industry have thrived while others have been faced with a crisis of confidence.
Influences on the French wine industry.
Throughout its history, the French wine industry has been shaped by the influences of both external and internal forces. Three of the more prominent and pervasive influences came from the English/British people through both commercial interest and political factors, the Dutch who were significant players in the wine trade for much of the 16 and 17th century and the Catholic Church which held considerable vineyard properties until the French Revolution.
The British.
Over several centuries, a number of factors contributed to the prominent influence that Great Britain has had over the French wine industry. With a cool wet climate, the British Isles have historically produced dramatically different styles of wines than the French and in quantities too small to satisfy the London market. This caused the English to look abroad for wines, using the clout of their economic and political power to their advantage. The 1152 marriage between Eleanor of Aquitaine and the future King Henry II of England brought a large portion of southwest France under English rule. When Henry's son John inherited the English crown, he sought to curry favor among the Gascons by bestowing upon them many privileges-the most notable of which was an exemption among Bordeaux merchants from the Grand Coutume export tax. With this exemption and favored treatment in London, Bordeaux wine became the cheapest wine in the London market and gained immense popularity among the English, who call it claret. For over the next 300 years much of Gascony, particular Bordeaux, benefited by the close commercial ties with the English allowing this area to grow in prominence among all French wines. In the aftermath of the Hundred Years War, these lands reverted to French rule but with a lasting imprint of English influence.
Following the restoration of Charles II to the British crown, several French wines came back into fashion in the London market. One such wine was a fizzy drink from the Champagne region that was disparaged among French wine drinkers for its faulty bubbles. A French expatriate, Charles de Saint-Évremond, introduced this sparkling style of Champagne to the London court and it was met with enthusiastic popularity. The development of stronger, thicker bottles by British glass makers encouraged more Champagne winemakers to actively start producing sparkling wine for the lucrative British market.
The Dutch.
In the 16th and 17th century, the Dutch (particularly those from Holland and Zeeland) wielded considerable influence over the development of French wine. Their strength was their sizable merchant fleet and trading access across Northern Europe in places like the Baltic and Hanseatic states. When political conflicts between the French and English flared up, it was the Dutch who stepped in to fill the void and serve as a continuing link funneling the wines of Bordeaux and La Rochelle into England. The town of Middelburg earned a reputation across Europe as a center for trade of French wine.
Dutch interest in the wine trade prompted advancement in winemaking styles and technology. One problem that plagued the French wine trade was the perishability of wine which rarely survived longer than the next vintage. French wine during this period was often unbalanced and unstable, being not properly clarified during wine making and lacking the alcohol needed to preserve the wine. This was of concern to the Dutch who would sometimes be delayed in their trading with ports along the Baltic and White Seas when they became impassable in the winter. To ward off spoilage the Dutch developed methods of fortification by adding brandy to the wine to stop fermentation and increase the life expectancy of the wine. The Dutch further introduced to the French a method of sulfuring the wines (known as "allumettes hollandaises") which has the effect of stabilizing the wine and preventing some degree of spoilage. The introduction of new Dutch winemaking techniques helped antiquated methods such as the use of lead fall into disuse. Used since the days of Ancient Rome, lead was used in regions such as Poitou to help sweeten and preserve some of their wines leading to various ailments that collectively were known as the "Poitou colic". By the end of the 17th century, most Poitou winemakers had stopped using lead in their wine production.
The Dutch also promoted the plantings of many white wine varieties that were in fashion through Europe. In regions like Muscadet, in the Loire Valley, the Dutch encouraged the planting of Melon de Bourgogne which produced more reliable harvest than the region's red wine varieties. The practice of blending different grape varieties from different areas was also influenced by the Dutch as a means of improving weaker wines or to adapt wines to changing public tastes. When the English developed tastes for stronger sweeter wines, the Dutch were the first to bulk up the Gascon claret wines with the wines of Cahors. Skilled engineers, the Dutch drained the marshy Medoc (left bank) region in the 17th century and began planting the region with vineyards. Prior to this time, Bordeaux's most sought-after wines came from the well-drained soil of the Graves region including the estate of Chateau Haut-Brion. By the end of the 17th century, with the aid of the Dutch, the future First Growth estates of Chateau Lafite, Latour and Margaux were planted and already starting to get notice abroad.
The Christian Church.
While there have been theories put forth that the Christian Church "saved" viticulture in France following the fall of the Roman Empire, the Germanic tribes that invaded the region were known to be fond of wine themselves leaving little evidence that viticulture and winemaking needed to be "saved" during this period. The Church, however, did become one of the most prominent and influential forces in French winemaking during the medieval period due to their vast holdings of vineyard lands. The Merovingian period of Frankish rule saw the early seeds of monastic influence on French wine when Guntram, Clovis' grandson, gave a vineyard to the abbey of St. Benignus at Dijon. In 630, the abbey of Beze near Gevrey received vineyards in Beaune, Gevrey and Vosnee as a gift from the duke of Lower Burgundy. 
The reign of Charlemagne brought in a period of peace, stability and prosperity that helped foster the growth of the emerging wine regions of France. In 775 he gave the abbey of Saulieu a plot of land that bears his name today in the grand cru vineyard of Corton-Charlemagne. The spread of viticulture during Charlemagne's reign was fueled in part by the expansion of the Christian Church which needed a daily supply of wine for the sacrament of the Eucharist, the monks' personal consumption as well as for hospitality extended to guests. Important guests visiting the monasteries would be more likely to support the Church generously if they were entertained well during their stay. The extent of their holdings of vineyards and the quality of wine they produced became a status symbol for the bishops, putting them on par with the nobility. Some bishoprics even moved to be closer to their vineyard holdings, such as the bishopric of Saint-Quentin which moved to Noyon near Paris and the bishopric of Langres which moved to Dijon just north of the Côte-d'Or in Burgundy. The influence of Christianity helped to create two categories of wine in Medieval France-simple, basic wine meant for daily consumption and more superior, premium wine that was reserved for impressing important guests. 
Various monastic orders became synonymous with certain wine regions due to their ownership of what is today considered some of most prized vineyards lands. The first group of monks to acquire vineyards on a large scale were the Benedictines of Cluny who came to own most of what is now Gevrey-Chambertin by 1273. In 1232, the abbey of St-Vivant received the vineyard lands now known as Romanee-Conti, Romanee-St-Vivant, Richebourg, La Romanee and La Tâche as a gift from the duchess of Burgundy. The Benedictines were also prominent vineyard owners with the wine produced in the abbey of St-Pourcain being one of the most highly regarded wines in medieval France. In the Loire Valley, the Benedictine monasteries in Bourgueil and La Charité extensively cultivated the lands around them while the abbey of St-Nicolas included large vineyards around Anjou. In Bordeaux, the Benedictines owned several properties including what became the modern classified estate of Chateau Prieure in Cantenac as well as the Graves estates of Chateau Carbonnieux. Other regions with Benedictine vineyards include Cornas and St-Peray in the Rhone as well six monastic estates in the Champagne region of Rheims. 
One of the most famous holdings of the Cistercians was the walled vineyard of Clos de Vougeot but the extent of their lands included holdings in Beaune, Meursault, Pommard as well as Chablis where the Pontigny Abbey was believed to have been the first to plant Chardonnay in the region. Cistercian vineyards produced highly regarded wines in Provence and Sancerre. The Cistercian monks applied their ascetic habits, skilled labour and organization philosophy to wine making in a manner unique to French wine. Through their detailed record-keeping and observations, the monks began to notice that certain plots of lands, even those only a few feet apart, produced remarkably different wines. These observation laid the groundwork on the identification of certain "crus" of vineyards and the French understanding of "terroir".
Through their extensive holdings, the monasteries of the Christian Church made many advances in French winemaking and viticulture with the study and observation of key vineyards sites, identifying the grape varieties that grew best in certain regions and discovering new methods of production. In 1531 it was a monk in the Languedoc region of Limoux that discovered the process of turning still wine into sparkling wine. Though the widespread tale of Dom Pérignon "inventing" the sparkling wine known as Champagne is inaccurate, the Benedictine monk nonetheless made several important contributions to the history of French wine. In 1668, Brother Pierre Perignon was appointed treasurer of the abbey of Hautvillers, located north of Épernay with his role including management of the abbey's vineyard holdings and the collection of tithes from the community in the form of grapes and wines. Dom Perignon took the wine from all these sources and blended them to produce a wine that fetched far higher prices than wines from other parts of Champagne. Perignon's practice of blending from several different vineyards was unique and largely unheard of till then. He also pioneered the practice of severe pruning in the vineyard to keep yields low.

</doc>
<doc id="18471158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18471158" title="The Driven Man">
The Driven Man

The Driven Man is a humorous documentary film written by British comedian and well-known car collector Rowan Atkinson, penned as a series of sketches featuring himself driving around London trying to solve his car-fetish, and discussing it with taxi drivers, policemen, used-car salesmen and psychotherapists. It was released in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="18471164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18471164" title="Donald Brace">
Donald Brace

Donald Clifford Brace (West Winfield, New York, December 27, 1881 - September 20, 1955) was an American Publisher and Founder of Harcourt, Brace & Howe in 1919.
Brace graduated from Columbia College of Columbia University in 1904 with fellow grad Alfred Harcourt, with whom he founded a publishing company.

</doc>
<doc id="18471167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18471167" title="Peter Bussian">
Peter Bussian

Peter Bussian is an independent filmmaker, photographer and visual media consultant who is known mainly for his work with refugees and other international development issues. He has received awards for his photographs from the International Photography Awards (Lucies) and Interaction.
Bussian has held several photographic exhibitions, including "The Afghans: Pictures of Resilience 2001 - 2011", which was exhibited at Gallery 169 and Sharq Gallery, both in Los Angeles. The exhibit was also on display at the Council on Foreign Relations in New York throughout 2012.
Bussian starred in Afghan Director Siddiq Barmak's film, Opium War, which was Afghanistan's official submission to the 2009 Academy Awards and won several film festival awards, including the The Golden Marc’Aurelio Critics’ Award for Best Film at the Rome Film Festival.
Bussian is currently developing several independent feature film projects, including Scarlet Poppy, an authentic love story set in Afghanistan. The project has been featured at the Busan International Film Festival, International Film Festival of India, the Independent Filmmaker Project "No Borders" and the Dubai International Film Festival 

</doc>
<doc id="18471171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18471171" title="Burg Lockenhaus">
Burg Lockenhaus

Burg Lockenhaus (Hungarian Léka) is a castle and medieval fortress located in the Güns Valley in the southeastern part of Lockenhaus, in Burgenland, eastern Austria. The castle was built in Romanesque and Gothic architectural styles around 1200, and was initially called "Leuca" or "Léka". It is part of the Naturpark Geschriebenstein.
Geography.
The castle is located in the Güns Valley, set amidst a hilly terrain in eastern Austria, near the Hungarian border towards Kőszeg. It is located in the southeastern part of the town of Lockenhaus, roughly 120 kilometres south of Vienna and roughly the same distance by road northeast of Graz. It was built on the spur of a hill, which is now called the Castle Hill. It can be reached by express bus service along the Eisenstadter Bundestrasse. A lake lies immediately to the east of the castle.
History.
The historical lineage of the Lords of the Castle Lockenhaus include the Güssinger (1266–1390); the Kanizsay (1390–1535); the Nádasdy (1535–1676); the Esterházy (1676–1968); Professor Paul Anton and Margaret Keller (1968–1980); and Professor Paul Anton Keller Foundation – Castle Lockenhaus since 1980. 
Settlements in the area of Burg Lockenhaus date to the Stone Age. Illyrians and Celts who settled here are credited with building the castle around 1200 with construction material available locally, although it first appears in written records dated to 1242. Burgenland's oldest fortress, Burg Lockenhaus was built to defend the area against the Mongols. The Romans annexed the area and included it as a part of the Pannonia province under the Roman Empire. German and Slavic people inhabited the castle. Notable owners included: Duke Frederick the Warlike, Henry II of Güssing, the Bohemian king, Ottakar II and King Maximilian II. The castle was destroyed in 1337 under Charles I of Hungary.
The town was given a market status in 1492. Finally the castle went to the Nadasdy family. Francis II Nadasdy married Elizabeth Báthory, a descendant of Stephen VIII Báthory, who went down in history as the Blood Countess, because of her reign of terror, torturing, and murdering hundreds of women for sadistic pleasure.
The castle and the town saw substantial improvements during the reign of Francis III Nadasdy (1622–1671) who was Lord Lieutenant, Royal Council, Chief Chamberlain and Chief Justice, since 1664. He married Julia Anna Esterhazy, daughter of Palatine Nikolaus Esterházy. In 1676, Count Paul Esterhazy, brother-in-law of Nadasdy took possession of the castle. During the Turkish War in 1683, there was substantial damage to the town and the castle. In the uprising during the 18th century, there was further looting and destruction. 
During the First World War and the period that followed there was no change in the status of the castle, till 1921. The castle underwent reconstruction only after the Second World War under the Red Army. In 1968, Professor Paul Anton Keller and his wife Margaret, bought the Lockenhaus Castle, which at that time was in ruins. They sold all their possessions for the purpose of refurbishing it. The refurbishing was estimated to cost €800,000., of which they spent their own money of €500,000. Before restoration completion, Professor Keller died. However, his wife continued the work, completed the task and renamed the castle as "Prof. Paul Anton Keller Foundation – Castle Lockenhaus" in honour of her husband. A Board of Trustees, established in July 1980, has managed the further restoration works undertaken with more funds collected from the public. Eugene Horvath, a retired General and a financial consultant, has contributed substantially to the trust’s activities. 
Burg Lockenhaus is part of the Naturpark Geschriebenstein. The castle is the setting for the medieval scenes in Rudolf Steiner's mystery drama, "The Soul's Probation".
Architectural features.
The castle’s windows and pillars are well decorated and there are many frescoes. The Crypt reflects the artistic style of the 13th century. The douple-apsed "Kultraum", located on the first floor in the centre of the building, was originally entered through and lit only by a hole in the ceiling; it may have been connected with the Knights Templar and is also known as the "Knight's Hall". The high-vaulted "Rittersaal" (Great Hall) was originally used for mass eating and drinking; it is now the Gothic Knights' Hall, with Gothic cross ribbed vaulting. Red algae persistently grow near the entrance to the hall in the area where the last Knights Templar were murdered. Outer walls have circular towers and a new conference hall above the Knight's Hall can accommodate 600 people. The chapel with frescoes is in a tower. Several rooms, corridors, stairwells and sanitary works have also been renovated. 
The dungeon is particularly notable. It was hewn out of the rock by Turkish prisoners. According to one document, sixteen Turks were burnt alive in it in 1557. Another feature is the so-called cult room, an underground room about which there are various theories.
The building has a "Greifvogelstation", which is home to birds of prey. Every year some 1200 bats give birth here. An audio visual presentation and night vision devices are part of the programme, arranged by the Trust Administration, which gives details on the reproduction and child rearing, hunting behavior and diet, and annual cycle of the bats. There are two courtyards, the lower one having a "Burgtaverne". 
A spiral stone staircase gradually narrows until a person can no longer move forward except for a black opening in front of the feet. The torture chamber includes an Iron Maiden, in the center of the room. It was two-faced with an opening for the victim and had sharp spikes on the inside. Other features in the torture chamber are a narrow couch, rusty chains, stone balls, a trapdoor, manacles, crushers and pincers.
The sepulchre of the Nadasdy family is built of square stones, and vaulted in round arches which rest on columns. It is a long subterranean gallery, lit only by one circular aperture, which can be closed by a stone. A second sepulchre, situated under the suite of rooms once used by the lord of the castle is dug deep into solid rock and is divided into two distinct compartments by a long line of stunted pillars upon which there are rounded arches. The whole subterranean area has been elaborately ornamented with statues carved in wood of which some fragments still remain. A vault is accessed through a large hall that is lit by two narrow arched windows. In the right hand corner there is a well, dug fifty fathoms deep into the rock.
Tourism.
The castle facilities are available for cultural events, conferences, seminars and meetings. The castle's "Festaal" is used for concerts; it is the centrepiece of "Kammermustikfest", a chamber music festival initiated in 1982 by Pastor Herowitsch of Lockenhaus and the violinist Gidon Kremer of Riga. Lockenhaus Chamber Music Festival is an annual event.

</doc>
<doc id="18471173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18471173" title="1996 RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards">
1996 RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards

The 1996 RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards (Chinese: 1996年度十大中文金曲得獎) was held in 1996 for the 1995 music season.
Top 10 song awards.
The top 10 songs (十大中文金曲) of 1996 are as follows.

</doc>
<doc id="18471177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18471177" title="Burg Schlaining">
Burg Schlaining

Burg Schlaining is a castle located in Stadtschlaining in the Austrian state of Burgenland.

</doc>
<doc id="18471204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18471204" title="Kazakhstan–Uzbekistan relations">
Kazakhstan–Uzbekistan relations

Kazakhstan–Uzbekistan relations refers to the relations between the Republic of Kazakhstan and the Republic of Uzbekistan. Kazakhstan - Uzbekistan relations have always been sincere and strong. Since the rapid development of Kazakhstan, the President of Uzbekistan Islam Karimov has visited Kazakhstan several times.

</doc>
<doc id="18471228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18471228" title="Rob Fusari">
Rob Fusari

Rob Fusari is a Grammy Award-winning record producer and songwriter, best known for his previous association with Lady Gaga.
Early life.
Fusari was born and raised in Livingston, New Jersey.
Career.
Fusari began writing songs while a student at William Paterson University. He started recording demos, and subsequently met hit songwriter Irwin Levine, who was known for writing "Tie a Yellow Ribbon Round the Ole Oak Tree" and several other hits for Tony Orlando & Dawn. 
Fusari became producing partners with Vincent Herbert. It was at this time that he wrote his first #1 hit single, “No, No, No” which launched Destiny Child’s career. Fusari later introduced Herbert to Lady Gaga at Interscope Records. Fusari named her "Gaga" while they worked together in the studio.
Fusari produced Billboard hits including Destiny’s Child’s “No, No, No” and “Bootylicious”, Whitney Houston’s "Love That Man", Will Smith’s “Wild Wild West” and co-wrote Lady Gaga’s "Paparazzi (Lady GaGa song).”
In 2001, Fusari produced Bootylicious for Destiny's Child's third studio album "Survivor". The song peaked at number 1 on the US Billboard Hot 100. 
Fusari first worked with Britney Spears in 2003, on a track titled "Loves Suppose 2 Be" which failed to be included on In The Zone. 
He produced 2003 hit "Train on a Track" by Kelly Rowland.
In 2008, Fusari worked as the co-executive producer to Lady Gaga's Grammy winning debut album, "The Fame". He co-wrote, produced and is credited for five songs: "Paparazzi", "Beautiful, Dirty, Rich", "Again Again", "Brown Eyes" and "Disco Heaven". Fusari also produced and co-wrote, "Vanity", "Glitter & Grease", and "Retro Dance Freak".
In 2012, he started an independent music label, Last Quarter Records.
Fusari is signed to Sony ATV Publishing.
Lady Gaga controversy.
Fusari sued his former girlfriend Lady Gaga for $30.5 million in March 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="18471242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18471242" title="Black Cab (band)">
Black Cab (band)

Black Cab is a Melbourne based drone guitar and electronica group. The band is heavily influenced by 1970s psychedelic rock coupled with elements of Krautrock and more programmed driven beats and electronic soundscapes. The band has released three full length albums and two EP's.
Biography.
Melbourne-based Australian band Black Cab's principal songwriters are guitarist James Lee and vocalist Andrew Coates, who originally performed together in early 1990s industrial rock group Foil. After an initial collaboration in 1999 produced a limited edition 3 track EP entitled 'Illinois Chapter', Coates moved to San Francisco and began writing what would become the band's first full length album 'Altamont Diary' (2004), a concept album loosely based on the Rolling Stones' disastrous Altamont Free Concert on 6 December 1969. The album was recorded gradually over a two-year period and was produced and mixed by Melbourne producer Woody Annison when Coates moved back to Melbourne in early 2002. At that time James Lee was playing in Melbourne bands Registered Nurse and The Fergs. The debut album also featured a number of local Melbourne musicians including Richard Andrew on drums (Registered Nurse, Underground Lovers), Andrew McCubbin and Glenn Sharpe on sitar, as well as Adam Cunha from San Francisco mod rock group Helium Angel. On release in mid-2004 the album attracted significant Australian and international acclaim and a full band was pulled together to take the album live. Joining Black Cab for the early live shows was Anthony Paine on bass (High Pass Filter), Steve Law (Zen Paradox) and Alex Jarvis (Automatic). Ashley Naylor (Even) also guested at a number of shows during 2005 and 2006. The band would often play shows to a video backdrop of slow moving images taken from concert footage of the Altamont Free Concert.
The full band contributed recordings for what would become the bands' second album 'Jesus East' which was released in Australia in 2006 on Interstate 40 Music/Pharmacy Records and in Europe in early 2007 courtesy of Hamburg based indie label Stickman Records (home of Norwegian psychedelic rockers Motorpsycho). Guest vocals on the track 13 Days were performed by Japanese LA-based vocalist and performance artist Sayaka Yabuki. The album also featured studio recordings from sitar master Radhey Gupta and tabla percussionist Hermant Kumar. The legendary road manager of the Rolling Stones on their fateful 1969 US tour, Sam Cutler recorded a spoken word for the track 'Valiant' where he recalls life managing and living with the Grateful Dead in the early 1970s. Sam Cutler, who now resides in Queensland Australia also performed this track live with the band at the bands' Melbourne and Sydney album launches. On the strength of international reviews the band received an Australia Council for the Arts International Pathways grant to tour the Netherlands, Germany and Austria in May 2007. A limited edition tour EP, 'Surrender', was released to coincide with the 2007 European tour and featured remixes of tracks from 'Jesus East' by Woody Annison and Steve Law, as well as a number of live recordings from shows in 2006.
The bands' third album was released in Australia in July 2009 through Sydney label Laughing Outlaw Records. The album was loosely inspired by East German culture and 1970s life under the communist regime and Stasi security apparatus, partly due to the band's tour of eastern Germany in 2007 as well as the book Stasiland by acclaimed Australian author Anna Funder. The album was produced by Woody Annison who also produced the band's debut release, Altamont Diary and featured lyrics and lead vocals by Died Pretty vocalist Ron Peno on the track 'Ghost Anthems'. Ron performed this track live at a handful of Melbourne and Sydney shows in late 2009. The track 'Black Angel' was inspired by the life of 1970's singer songwriter Judee Sill, the recording of which also featured found sounds of German netballers. The album also contained numerous found sounds of 1970's East German spy transmissions and call signs. The album garnered strong critical acclaim and indie radio airplay in Australia, culminating with a final nine shortlisting for the 2009 Australian Music Prize.
In 2010 the band released the single "Sexy Polizei" featuring backing vocals from Melbourne songstress Monique Brumby and produced by Melbourne producer Simon Polinski.
In 2011 the band released the single "Combat Boots" which was also produced by Simon Polinski. In July 2011 the band stripped down to a three piece (James Lee, Andrew Coates and Steve Law) to focus on more electronic-driven music. The new line-up road tested new works over late 2011 and is now recording a fourth full length album. The new album and 2009's "Call Signs" will be locally released in the US during 2012 by Parasol Records.

</doc>
<doc id="18471278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18471278" title="Veronika Decides to Die (film)">
Veronika Decides to Die (film)

Veronika Decides to Die is a 2009 drama film directed by Emily Young and starring Sarah Michelle Gellar, Jonathan Tucker, Melissa Leo, David Thewlis and Erika Christensen, adapted from the novel of the same name by Paulo Coelho.
The setting of the movie is New York instead of the original location of the novel in Ljubljana, Slovenia.
Plot.
Veronika (Sarah Michelle Gellar) wakes up in a mental institution after a failed suicide attempt. She discovers that as a result of the overdose she took, she has a weakened heart and has only a matter of weeks to live. The film follows her journey as she finds true love and a newfound appreciation of life. Throughout the film, she changes her opinion of death and finds some joy in life.
Production.
Filming of the movie began on May 12, 2008 in New York City and wrapped on June 21. The novel was adapted for film by Muse Productions, Das Films, and Velvet Steamroller Entertainment.
It was reported that Kate Bosworth was previously attached to the project.
Music.
Key scenes of the film use piano pieces "The Recital in the Night" by Murray Gold (from the "Piano Set" collection) and "Comptine d'un autre été - L'après-midi" by Yann Tiersen.
Release.
The film had a special screening in Brazil on August 7, 2009 and was followed by an August 21 release. On its opening weekend, it grossed US$90,455 with 61 screens. The film was released in Poland on October 2, 2009, in Sweden on October 30, 2009, and in South Korea on November 19, 2009. It was released in Argentina on July 1, 2010, in Austria on November 18, 2010, in Germany on September 30, 2010, in Lithuania on April 23, 2010, and in Mexico on September 10, 2010.
<br> In Australia, it was released on a region free PAL DVD.
It was never officially released in the US or UK. .

</doc>
<doc id="18471285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18471285" title="Issue (magazine)">
Issue (magazine)

Issue (이슈) is a South Korean magazine published by Daiwon C.I.. Its first issue was published in 1995, and it is currently released on the 25th day of each month. It specializes in serialization of domestic and imported comics. Individual titles are collected into volumes and published under the "Issue Comics" imprint. Light novels imported from Japan are also translated and published under the name "Issue Novels."
Serializations.
The following is a list of titles currently serialized in "Issue" and/or published under the "Issue Comics" book imprint. Some series are updated infrequently and as such do not appear in every issue of the magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="18471295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18471295" title="Chromio">
Chromio

Chromio is a community located in Aiani municipal unit, Kozani regional unit, in the Greek region of Macedonia. It is situated at an altitude of 640 meters above sea level. The postal code is 50004, while the telephone code is +30 24610. As of the 1991 census, the population was 277. 
The Monastery of Agia Trias Larious is in Chromio.

</doc>
<doc id="18471305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18471305" title="Burmis Tree">
Burmis Tree

The Burmis Tree is a limber pine located in south western Alberta in the community of Burmis, Alberta, along the Crowsnest Highway and east of municipality of Crowsnest Pass. The tree died in the late 1970s after losing its needles. Limber trees are known to survive harsh conditions and are one of the longest living trees in Alberta. The Burmis tree was estimated to be between 600 and 750 years old. In 1998, it was toppled by wind, however members of local community refused to leave it lying. Efforts were made to fix the tree back up using rods and brackets. In 2004, vandals cut one of the tree's main branches. Locals fixed it again with glue and a prop pole. The community rallied to have the new Highway 3 built around the tree rather than destroy the heritage symbol it has become. The tree is the only point of interest in the once prosperous town of Burmis. It is the subject of many paintings, poems and other forms of art, and it is said to be the most photographed tree in Canada, and perhaps even the world.

</doc>
<doc id="18471323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18471323" title="Notocallista multistriata">
Notocallista multistriata

Notocallista multistriata is a marine bivalve mollusc in the family Veneridae

</doc>
<doc id="18471330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18471330" title="Kerasea, Kozani">
Kerasea, Kozani

Kerasea (or "Kerasia") is a community located in Aiani municipal unit, Kozani regional unit, in the Greek region of Macedonia. It is situated at an altitude of 540 meters above sea level. The postal code is 50004, while the telephone code is +30 24610. As of the 1991 census, the population was 207.

</doc>
<doc id="18471340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18471340" title="Eugene Reynal">
Eugene Reynal

Eugene Reynal was an American Publisher and in 1933 Founder of Blue Ribbon Books of Garden City, New York and Reynal and Hitchcock of New York, New York.
Louis Menand in the New Yorker writes of him that he 'achieved immortality the bad way' by turning down the opportunity to publish Catcher in the Rye.

</doc>
<doc id="18471346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18471346" title="Reynal &amp; Hitchcock">
Reynal &amp; Hitchcock

Reynal and Hitchcock was a publishing company in New York. Founded in 1933 by Eugene Reynal and Curtice Hitchcock, in 1948 it was absorbed by Harcourt, Brace.
Authors.
Authors and their known dates of association with Reynal & Hitchcock.

</doc>
<doc id="18471350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18471350" title="Ohio Cup">
Ohio Cup

The Ohio Cup was an annual pre-season baseball game, which pitted the Ohio rivals Cleveland Indians and Cincinnati Reds.
In its first series it was a single-game cup, played each year at minor-league Cooper Stadium in Columbus, Ohio, was staged just days before the start of each new Major League Baseball season. A total of eight Ohio Cup games were played, in 1989 to 1996, with the Indians winning six of them. It stopped because interleague play started in 1997. The winner of the game each year was awarded the Ohio Cup in postgame ceremonies. The Ohio Cup was a favorite among baseball fans in Columbus, with attendances regularly topping 15,000.
In 1997 and after, the two teams competed annually in the regular-season Battle of Ohio or Buckeye Series. In 2008 the Ohio Cup restarted.
Other meetings.
The Indians and Reds have, on occasion, met in other non-competitive games.
During Spring training in March 2007 the rivals faced each other twice. The Indians won the first game on March 9 7-3. The Reds won a game on March 10 by a score of 5-2.
They teams even cleared their benches during an exhibition in 1993, when José Mesa threw a pitch behind Cincinnati's Hal Morris leading to a fight in which Morris separated his shoulder.
The teams however, as mentioned above, have yet to meet in the World Series. There have been several near misses though, including 1995, when both teams advanced to their respective League Championship Series, but only Cleveland won - the Reds were swept in four games by the eventual champions Atlanta Braves.
The Ohio Cup's origin.
Ohio's two Major League Baseball teams had never met in the World Series. Prior to 1989, the teams had never even qualified for the post-season in the same year. They came close in both 1919 and 1940 when Cincinnati won both the National League and World Series and Cleveland finished second in the American League.
Details of an Ohio Cup were first unveiled at a press conference on August 25, 1988. The managers of both the Indians and Reds did not treat the cup game as anything more than an exhibition, but many fans in Columbus treated it like a referendum on major league sports in the city. At that time Columbus did not have any major league sports.
Sitting between Cleveland and Cincinnati, the city was always divided when it came to allegiance to the state's big league teams. "Half the fans (in Columbus) love the Reds and hate the Indians and the other half love the Indians and hate the Reds. It's a great matchup", said the game's promoter, Keith Sprunk.
Indians manager Doc Edwards agreed. "I'll love to play it, it's great. San Francisco and Oakland do the same thing. I'd like to see (the Ohio Cup) become an annual thing, either during the spring or in the summer.".
Former Clippers.
A number of former Columbus Clippers returned to Cooper Stadium to play in the Ohio Cup as members of the Reds or Indians. Among those appearing for the Reds were Roberto Kelly, the 1987 Clipper of the Year, and pitcher José Rijo who appeared briefly with Columbus in 1984. The 1989 Co-Clipper of the Year winners Hal Morris and Brian Dorsett also featured. Álvaro Espinoza, who hit .246 in 119 games with the Clippers in 1988, appeared for Cleveland and knocked in a run with a pinch-hit double in the 1993 Ohio Cup.
Ohio Cup (1989-96).
An average crowd of 15,910 attended the first five Ohio Cups at the 15,000-seat Cooper Stadium. Those crowds ranked 3rd, 4th, 7th, 9th and 12th among all-time largest baseball crowds at the stadium. Only about 2000 made it out in 1995 with temperatures near freezing and replacement players taking the field.
The first Reds and Indians match-up in 16 years proved to be an anti-climax, marred by 40-degree temperatures made colder by constant rain and brisk wind. The so-called I-71 battle was uneventful and proved to be something less than a jump-start before both teams' home openers. Cleveland started only four regulars while Cincinnati opted to play seven of their nine starters. It remained scoreless until the top of the eighth inning when a throwing error by Reds outfielder Herm Winningham allowed Luis Aguayo to score the only run. Minor league pitcher Gregg McMichael received the win while Reds' reliever Mike Griffin was credited with the loss.
In the contest, catchers Sandy Alomar, Jr. and Joel Skinner combined for six RBI as the Indians won their second straight Ohio Cup before a standing-room only crowd. In an action-packed game, the Indians banged out 13 hits, including six in the fourth inning which resulted in seven-runs. Cory Snyder hit a monster blast off Danny Jackson that traveled well past the 400-foot sign in straightaway center field. Alomar homered twice, the first a three-run shot to left-center, the second a solo effort. Skinner hit a two run shot after being brought in to replace Alomar.
In , Indians outfielder Albert Belle hit his eleventh home run of the exhibition season as the Indians beat the defending World Champion Reds 4-3. Jerry Browne hit a sacrifice fly in the seventh inning to lift the Indians to victory. 
The Reds finally ended their rivals' supremacy in . Cincinnati took the lead in the first. Lead off hitter Bip Roberts doubled and later scored. They added another run in the fourth. Reds' third baseman Chris Sabo counted an RBI double among his two hits while Albert Belle hit two of his team's four hits.
Mike Bielecki stopped Cincinnati on one run and four hits in six innings and Albert Belle had a three-run single as the Tribe won their fourth Ohio Cup in five years in the contest. Highlights included a home run by Indians' first baseman Paul Sorrento. The only Reds run was scored by Barry Larkin.
In , Manny Ramírez and Paul Sorrento homered in a five-run second inning to help give the Indians an 8-4 win. Mark Clark pitched seven innings, allowing five hits and three runs, walking one and striking out five to gain the win. Albert Belle and Eddie Murray led off the second inning with singles and Sorrento followed with his homer. After Jim Thome singled, Ramirez homered. All five runs came off Tom Browning.
With the 1994–95 Major League Baseball strike only coming to an end on April 2, replacement players traveled to Columbus to take part in the edition. Teamsters picketed outside the stadium as snow fell. With temperatures near freezing and replacements Tim Delgado and Rich Sauveur taking the mound, only a couple thousand fans made it out. The "Reds" won the game 6-1. 
A line drive single by Julio Franco in the fifth inning broke a 3-3 tie Cleveland defeated Cincinnati to win the final Ohio Cup in . Manny Ramírez had given Cleveland a 3-1 lead with a three-run homer to left field in the second off the Reds' Mark Portugal. Hal Morris drove in two runs for the Reds with a first-inning single and a double in the third, with Bret Boone scoring both times. A single by Vince Coleman in the fifth drove in Jeff Branson and tied the score at 3-3.
The victory gave the Indians a 6-2 lead in the Ohio Cup series and was viewed by 16,697 people, the largest crowd in the game's history and the second largest at Cooper Stadium.
Indians starter Joe Roa was the winning pitcher.
Interleague Series (1997-present).
Battle of Ohio: 1997 to 2007.
In 1997 the Ohio Cup match series stopped and interleague play started. The rivalry between the Cleveland Indians and the Cincinnati Reds continued as the Battle of Ohio match series. The series provided an opportunity to determine bragging rights for the state, the two teams having never met in the World Series. 
The Cleveland Indians lead the all-time interleague series 32-31.
The Indians and Reds first met on June 16, 1997 at Jacobs Field, in front of a sellout crowd of 42,961. Cleveland starting pitcher Orel Hershiser struck out lead off hitter Deion Sanders. Indians' designated hitter Kevin Seitzer recorded the first ever hit in a Battle for Ohio game when he doubled in the bottom of the first inning. Pokey Reese recorded the series first ever run, scoring in the bottom of the second inning for the Reds. Manny Ramírez hit the first Buckeye Series home run in the bottom of the ninth, but it was not enough to prevent the Reds winning the inaugural game 4-1.
The best performance by any player in one game in the rivalry was Reds center fielder Ken Griffey, Jr. in 2000 with 8 RBI and 2 HR.
Except in 2002, the Indians and Reds have played each other every year since interleague play has been established. They have played each other 6 times every year from 1999–2012 except 2002 and 2003, with each team hosting a three-game series. In 2002 and 2003, other games, such as the Indians vs. the Pittsburgh Pirates, were played instead of the Buckeye Series. In 2004, the Indians-Reds rivalry resumed, playing six games per year.
Ohio Cup revived 2008-present.
In 2008 the Ohio Cup restarted, and the Ohio Lottery now sponsors the Ohio Cup, which is now a 32-inch trophy which will go to the winner of the Reds-Indians series. If there is a split of the season series, the team that currently holds the trophy will retain it.
This restarted series uses a new trophy made in 2008 by Trophy Awards, a Northern Kentucky company. It is 3 feet high, with a 12-inch stainless cup in the middle.
In the revived trophy's inaugural season, the Reds swept the first three game series at home, which took place between May 16–18 , after three strong performances by Edinson Volquez, Aaron Harang, and Johnny Cueto. As the series moved back to Cleveland on June 27–29, with the Indians' C.C. Sabathia throwing a 6-0 shutout against the Reds in the first game. In the second, the Reds battled back with a strong effort by Cueto to win game two 5-0. The Cincinnati Reds clinched the cup with this win. In the final game in Cleveland, the Reds overcame a late surge by the Tribe to win 9-5, and the series itself 5 games to 1. Ballots were passed out in the middle of the final game for the MVP, awarded to Reds outfielder Adam Dunn, who had a combined five home runs and 10 RBI in the series.
In , the Reds retained the trophy, winning four of the six contests. The Reds took two of the three games in Cincinnati in May, and went on to win two of the three games in Cleveland in June. In 2010, the Reds won the Ohio Cup again, winning 2 of 3 games in Cincinnati, and again winning 2 of 3 games in Cleveland. In 2011, the Indians regained the trophy by sweeping the first series in Cleveland, and winning 2 of 3 in the Cincinnati series. 
In 2012, the Reds and Indians split the Ohio Cup series for the first time since its return, with each team sweeping their respective home series.
Beginning in 2013, the Indians and Reds have scaled back to play four games per year instead of six, in two back-to-back two-game series. The teams played in Cincinnati at Great American Ball Park on May 27 and 28, 2013, before traveling to Cleveland for games at Progressive Field on May 29 and 30. Once again, the Reds and Indians split the series, this time at two games apiece. The Reds won both of the games played in Cincinnati, while the Indians won both of the games played in Cleveland.

</doc>
<doc id="18471358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18471358" title="One Heartbeat (song)">
One Heartbeat (song)

"One Heartbeat" is the title of the second single released by Smokey Robinson from his 1987 album of the same name. It was written by Brian Ray. The song peaked at #10 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart; at #3 on the R&B chart; and at #2 on the Adult Contemporary chart. It was aided by another hugely popular music video. 
It was accompanied by a hugely successful music video filmed in Southern California. The song was written by musician Brian Ray along with one-time Tommy Tutone keyboardist Steve LeGassick. The B-side, "Love Will Set You Free", is from the 1986 film "Solarbabies".

</doc>
<doc id="18471360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18471360" title="Tickle Me Pink">
Tickle Me Pink

Tickle Me Pink was an American rock band from Fort Collins, Colorado signed to Wind-Up Records. The band was composed of Sean Kennedy (lead vocals, bass), Stefan Runstrom (drums), Joey Barba (guitar) and Steven Beck (guitar, vocals). After independently releasing their first two EPs, "If Only We Were Twenty One and Up" (2005) and "Half Seas Over" (2006), the band released its debut album, "Madeline", on July 1, 2008. The album's release was also marked by the death of then-band bassist Johnny Schou, reportedly due to a heroin overdose. Former lead singer of the band Sean Kennedy has a new band called "Talisker Skye".
Tickle Me Pink officially played their last show together as a band on March 5, 2011. The band left a Twitter message to their fans the following day saying, "Farewell all. We love you and will never forget you. -TMP".
National exposure.
The video for the band's first single, "Typical," premiered on MTV2 "Unleashed" on August 4, 2008. The video is directed by Christopher Sims. The song has become popular in Colorado due to increased airplay on 93.3 KTCL. The band is currently opening for Hawthorne Heights on their Fall headlining tour. The band members from Hawthorne Heights claim to have asked Tickle Me Pink to join the tour in part due to a sense of shared loss, having lost a band member themselves the previous year. Tickle Me Pink has scheduled 2 new songs to be released on May 18 which are titled "on your way down" and "strange life". They are now touring to promote their upcoming album, "On Your Way Down".
Their song "The Time Is Wrong" is featured as downloadable content for "Rock Band 2", which is also compatible with its predecessor.
Death of Bassist Schou.
Johnny Schou was found dead on July 1, 2008, of a heroin overdose. 
Schou was replaced by Joey Barba, a longtime friend of the band.

</doc>
<doc id="18471371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18471371" title="Suzuki Boulevard M50">
Suzuki Boulevard M50

The Suzuki Boulevard M50, or VZ800, is a V-twin engine cruiser style motorcycle based on the popular VL800 C50 made by Suzuki Motor Corporation. The VL800 C50 was originally named the VL800 Intruder Volusia, with the name later shortened to Volusia. Its styling is from the first generation VZ800 Marauder. The marketing name for the model was changed in 2005 when Suzuki added fuel injection to the model, with C standing for 'Classic' and the 50 being the displacement of the engine in cubic inches. Outside North America the M50 is sold as the VZ800 Intruder, in reference to its 800 Cubic centimetre engine, following the naming convention for other Suzuki cruisers in these markets. 
The M50 (with the M standing for "muscle") was developed using the C50 frame and rear swingarm, which is a softail type with a hidden single shock absorber, compared to the Marauder's traditional swingarm with two exposed shock absorbers. The M50 received different fenders and fuel tank from the C50, a handlebar mounted speedometer cluster, and inverted 41mm forks, to give it a more muscular appearance than the C50 semi-sister. The basic M50 engine was slightly modified, being painted black instead of the chrome found on the C50 engine. Internally, the engine received split crank bearings instead of the C50's one-piece bearings, as well as slightly modified valvetrain components, which necessitated modifications to the cylinder heads. Power output is identical to the C50 power plant, and both displace 805 cc. Both models share a 5 speed transmission inside a shared crankcase with the engine with wet clutch, water cooling, a single front disc brake, and a rod operated rear drum brake. 
The M50 featured distinctive styling, with a unique rear fender, LED taillight, black painted mag wheels, and aggressive stance. Several other minor differences differentiate the M50 from the C50, such as different design (but same size) front brake discs, a slightly firmer suspension on the M50, and a different tool box/ faux air cleaner. The model was well received in the motorcycle press, with Motorcycle Cruiser Magazine giving it high marks for comfort and passenger carrying capacity. However, some critics lamented that the M50 did not have the power to back up its muscular looks. The model was not a top seller, and after 5 model years Suzuki did a complete makeover of the model.
For 2010, the M50 was given a major redesign. The M50 motor was discontinued, and the current model M50 now uses the same motor as the C50, consolidating production and simplifying parts sourcing. The sheet metal was changed, eliminating the distinctive rear fender found on the 2005-09 M50 in favor of a fender similar to the one found on other cruiser models. A small cowling was added around the headlight, giving the M50 a family resemblance to the other Suzuki ‘M” cruisers, the M90 and M109r. Sales numbers for the redesigned M50 are unavailable, as Suzuki chose not to ship any 2010 models to North America due to the large supply of leftover 2009s in dealer inventory.

</doc>
<doc id="18471375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18471375" title="Kteni">
Kteni

Kteni is a village located in Aiani municipal unit, Kozani regional unit, in the Greek region of Macedonia. It is situated at an altitude of 680 meters. The postal code is 50004, while the telephone code is +30 24610. As of the 1991 census, the population was 152.
The town of Kozani, seat of the prefecture, is 21 km from Kteni.

</doc>
<doc id="18471381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18471381" title="Murattu Kaalai (1980 film)">
Murattu Kaalai (1980 film)

Murattu Kaalai () is a 1980 Tamil film produced by AVM Productions. Directed by SP. Muthuraman, the film stars Rajinikanth, Jaishankar, Rati Agnihotri and Sumalatha in the prominent roles. This was the first film for Rajnikanth with AVM Productions. AVM had stopped producing films by 1970 and Murattukaalai was their re-entry into Tamil films. This film boasts of the highest budget ever for a Rajini starrer at that time.
Soundtrack.
The music composed by Ilaiyaraaja and lyrics written by Panju Arunachalam.

</doc>
<doc id="18471383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18471383" title="United Blood Nation">
United Blood Nation

United Blood Nation, simply known as U.B.N is a prison gang formed in 1993 within the New York City jail system by leader Omar Portee on Rikers Island's George Mochen Detention Center. G.M.D.C was used to segregate problem inmates from the rest of the detention center. They are one of the largest gangs in New York City.
Members of this gang were known for burning three triangular shape circles on their upper right arm to show affiliation to it. Some members would tattoo a bulldog's face on their right hand, the numbers 031 and letters M.O.B to identify themselves from outsiders also.

</doc>
<doc id="18471390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18471390" title="Marjorie Harris Carr">
Marjorie Harris Carr

Marjorie Harris Carr (March 26, 1915 – October 10, 1997) was an American environmental activist.
Born in Boston, Massachusetts, Harris was raised in rural Bonita Springs in southwest Florida, where her naturalist parents taught her how to identify the state's native flora and fauna. In 1936, she received a bachelor's degree in zoology from Florida State College for Women. Denied funding and/or admission to graduate programs in zoology and ornithology due to her gender, Harris took a position as the nation's first female wildlife technician shortly after completing her undergraduate degree. In 1942, with the assistance of her husband, pioneering conservation biologist Archie Carr, Marjorie Harris Carr completed a master's in zoology at the University of Florida, which was still officially an all-male institution. In the late 1940s, the Carrs lived in Honduras, where Archie taught at the Escuela Agrícola Panamericana Zamorano and conducted research on sea turtle migration. The Carrs explored the Honduran rainforest on horseback. Marjorie Carr completed thousands of scientific bird skins and later published her research on the birds of Honduras in the Wilson Bulletin (with J. C. Dickinson, Jr.) and CEIBA: A Scientific and Technical Journal.
In the late 1950s, Carr launched her career in conservation and environmental activism in Micanopy, Florida. Her early land preservation efforts included the establishment of Paynes Prairie Preserve State Park and the preservation and restoration of Lake Alice (Gainesville, Florida) on the University of Florida campus.
Fight to Save the Ocklawaha River.
Carr is best known for her leadership of the successful campaign to protect the Ocklawaha River by challenging the construction of the Cross Florida Barge Canal, a U.S. Army Corps of Engineers project that would have bisected Florida in order to create a shallow barge canal that would link Florida's Gulf and Atlantic coasts. Through Florida Defenders of the Environment (F.D.E.), a coalition of volunteer scientific, legal, and economic experts from the University of Florida and other institutions, Carr used the activist science of ecology to challenge the questionable benefits of the barge canal, which would destroy the Ocklawaha River and disrupt the Ocklawaha Regional Ecosystem. F.D.E. sued the Corps of Engineers in U.S. District Court for violating the public interest. Using an innovative environmental impact statement F.D.E. drafted to bolster its case against the Corps, Carr and her colleagues won a temporary injunction against construction of the canal in January 1971. Days later, President Richard Nixon halted construction of the canal.
Carr led F.D.E.’s ongoing battle to preserve and restore the Ocklawaha River Valley until her death in 1997. The Ocklawaha River remains blocked by Rodman Dam. In 1998, the lands purchased along the canal right-of-way were named the Marjorie Harris Carr Cross Florida Greenway in Carr's honor.

</doc>
<doc id="18471397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18471397" title="Curtice Hitchcock">
Curtice Hitchcock

Curtice Hitchcock (Pittsford, Vermont, March 4, 1892 - May 3, 1946) was an American Publisher and in 1933 founded Reynal and Hitchcock of New York, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="18471400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18471400" title="Kalatungan Mountain Range">
Kalatungan Mountain Range

Kalatungan Mountain Range is a mountain range located in the central portion of the province of Bukidnon. It is one of the few areas in the province covered with old growth or mossy forests. It covers an area of approximately 213.0134 km² (82.24493 mi²), with about 113.7175 km² (43.90657 mi²) identified as part of the critical watershed area declared under Presidential Decree 127, issued on June 29, 1987 (Muleta-Manupali Watershed). The water from these two rivers (Muleta and Manupali Rivers) is presently supporting the multimillion dam project of the National Irrigation Administration (NIA) of the Philippines. They then ultimately drained into the Pulangi River, which is the site of the hydroelectric dam of the National Power Corporation.
Geographical location.
The mountain range is located in the central section of the province of Bukidnon. It lies between the coordinates 8°00’ and 8°60’ latitude and between 124°35’ and 124°60’ longitude. It is bounded on the north by the municipality of Talakag, on the west by the municipality of Lantapan and the city of Valencia, and on the south by the municipality of Pangantucan. Its eastern side is bordered by both Talakag and Pangantucan.
Climate.
The whole area of the Kalatungan Mountain Range falls under the Type III climate which is characterized as having a short dry season lasting only one to three months and no very pronounced maximum rain period. Average temperature is 24.7°C. The area receives the highest amount of rainfall in the month of June while the driest month is March. The relative humidity varies from 71% in May to 86% in September. The area is virtually cloud-covered throughout the year.
Hydrological features.
The range is serves as the origin of the headwaters of the tributaries of the major river systems in Bukidnon—Pulangi River, Cagayan River and Sawaga River. Among these rivers are the Bangahan River in the southwest, Ticalaan River in the northwest, Lantay River in the south and Manupali River in the north.
Also found within the vicinity of the mountain range are streams that flow through waterfalls, cascades and rapids. Wetlands and marshes, although not significant in area, are also found within the range. The mountain range manifests a radial type of drainage pattern.

</doc>
<doc id="18471403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18471403" title="Rodiani">
Rodiani

Rodiani is a community located in Aiani municipal unit, Kozani regional unit, in the Greek region of Macedonia. It is situated at an altitude of 680 meters. The postal code is 50100, while the telephone code is +30 24610. As of the 1991 census, the population was 403. 
The town of Kozani, seat of the region, is 14 km from Rodiani.

</doc>
<doc id="18471408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18471408" title="Frazier River">
Frazier River

Frazier River was an American country music group formed in Cincinnati, Ohio in 1991 and disbanded in 1996. The group consisted of lead singer Danny Frazier and five musicians, Chuck Adair, Greg Amburgy, Brian "Gigs" Baverman, Jim Morris and Bob Wilson. Frazier River recorded one album for Decca Records Nashville and released three singles, two of which charted on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) charts.
History.
Frazier River was founded in 1991 in Cincinnati, Ohio by Danny Frazier (lead vocals, guitar), Chuck Adair (guitar), Greg Amburgy (keyboards, guitars, background vocals), Brian "Gigs" Baverman (drums), Jim Morris (keyboards, background vocals) and Bob Wilson (background vocals, bass guitar). They signed to Decca Records Nashville in 1996 and released a self-titled debut album for the label. This album produced two chart singles on the "Billboard" country charts: "She Got What She Deserves" at number 57 and "Tangled Up in Texas" at number 67. "Country Standard Time" critic Robert Loy gave a mostly favorable review of the album, comparing Frazier's "almost operatic" voice to that of Gary Morris and saying that his "voice even rescues lesser songs" on the album. He cited "Last Request" and "Heaven Is Smiling" as standout tracks. After Frazier River disbanded, Frazier, Morris and Baverman founded a second band called the Danny Frazier Band, with Chris Goins and Jerry Owen.

</doc>
<doc id="18471418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18471418" title="List of defunct motorcycle speedway teams in the United Kingdom">
List of defunct motorcycle speedway teams in the United Kingdom

This is a list of British motorcycle speedway teams that no longer operate.

</doc>
<doc id="18471436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18471436" title="Indiana Government Center North">
Indiana Government Center North

Indiana Government Center North is a high rise in Indianapolis, Indiana. It was completed in 1960 and has 14 floors. It is primarily used for office spaces for the government of Indiana.

</doc>
<doc id="18471440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18471440" title="Jerry Fishenden">
Jerry Fishenden

Dr Jerry Fishenden has been referred to as "one of the UK’s leading authorities in the world of technology", and appears regularly in a variety of mainstream media. He is also a frequent guest and keynote speaker on the conference circuit, drawing on his background across both private and public sectors.
Overview.
In 1984 he graduated with a BSc (Hons) from the City University, London where he also later obtained an MPhil in the application of artificial intelligence techniques to composition. City University identify him as one of their famous alumni. In 2013, he was awarded a PhD in Creative Technologies from De Montfort University's Institute of Creative Technologies.
He is a Co-Founder and Director of the Centre for Technology Policy Research, a Senior Research Fellow in the Centre for Creative Computing at Bath Spa University, a Visiting Senior Fellow at the London School of Economics Department of Management and a key advisor to the Policy Engagement Network. In November 2010 he was appointed as a specialist adviser to the House of Commons Public Administration Select Committee to assist the Committee with their inquiry into government IT. From 2009–2010, he was appointed as a member of the Scottish Government's expert panel on identity management and privacy.
He has held a variety of the IT industry's most senior positions, including as Microsoft's lead technology policy and strategy advisor; as Head of Business Systems for the UK’s chief financial services regulator in the City of London; as an Officer of the House of Commons, where he pioneered the Parliamentary data and video network at the Houses of Parliament, as well as putting Parliament on the World Wide Web; and as a Director of IT in the National Health Service.
His blog tackles issues at the intersection of technology and policy. Analysts Redmonk have referred to him as being a ‘trusted advisor’. His Scotsman article on the proposed Identity Card for the UK, which was the first public commentary on the system by a recognised industry figure, opened up constructive debate on an important topic
He is a Fellow with Chartered status of the British Computer Society (FBCS CITP), a Fellow of the Royal Society of Arts (FRSA), a Fellow of the Institute for the Management of Information Systems (FIMIS) and a Fellow of the Institution of Analysts and Programmers. He is also a long-time member of the Writers Guild of Great Britain.

</doc>
<doc id="18471445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18471445" title="GI Rights Network">
GI Rights Network

The GI Rights Network is coalition of nonprofit, nongovernmental organizations that provide free and confidential information to United States military servicemembers, veterans, and their families. Most of the work of the Network is done through the GI Rights Hotline, but the Network also provides email counseling and live in-person counseling in some locales. The Network also maintains a website with easy access to information about discharges, military regulations, GI rights, and other organizations; all information is available in both English and Spanish.
GI Rights Hotline.
The Network provides non-directive counseling to callers, with a particular focus on discharges and filing grievances. Counselors do not provide legal advice, but can assist callers in finding lawyers in their area who can give them appropriate advice.
Calls to the official national Hotline number 877-447-4487 are routed to different "nodes" of the network based on the area code of the caller. Hotline counselors come from a variety of backgrounds and include veterans, mental health workers and attorneys, but most counselors are not attorneys and do not provide legal advice.
History.
The Network began in 1994 as a coalition of several organizations committed to peace and non-violence activism. The Central Committee for Conscientious Objectors served as the agent for the coalition for several years by managing the coalition's website, administering the national toll free phone number, and providing funding for a national coordinator for the Network.
In the fall of 2006, the Network members selected an "Advisory Council" to move the Network from an unincorporated association to a democratically operated corporation. The Network was incorporated in California in 2008. The Network member organizations adopted bylaws and elected a board of directors in 2009.
In the news.
In Harper's Magazine March 2005 Kathy Dobie's cover story "AWOL in America" cites the GI Rights Network as "a national referral and counseling service for military personnel," and uses its counselors as sources for the story. "On August 23, 2004, I interviewed Robert Dove, a burly, bearded Quaker, in the Boston offices of the American Friends Service Committee, one of the groups involved with the hot line. Dove told me of getting frantic calls from the parents of recruits, and of recruits who are so appalled by basic training that they “can’t eat, they literally vomit every time they put a spoon to their mouths, they’re having nightmares and wetting their beds.”
In a Chicago Public Radio Interview "Going AWOL – A Hotline that Helps GIs Consider Their Options," (12-12-06) GI Rights counselor, Steve Woolford, explains the reasons why many servicemen and women go AWOL form military service.
In her second place Hearst Journalism Award Winning features piece "Sincere Disapproval" author Leah Lohse references the GI Rights Network for its expertise in dealing with conscientious objection. The story gives a view into the beliefs and struggles of one particular conscientious objector.
A USA Today story on 4/1/2009, "Army investigating unfit soldiers sent to war," cited The GI Rights Hotline for assisting servicemembers who were being deployed with disabilities and other medical problems.
Sgt. Jesse Raymo said he and others had exhausted their efforts to complain to supervisors and felt their only recourse was working with the GI Rights Hotline to draft a petition outlining their claims of mistreatment to send to members of Congress. He said more than 200 signatures have been gathered, most of them from civilians, and another petition signing event is being planned.
Current Network Membership.
Current members and associate members of the Network include (this list includes groups who do not get "routed" calls from the Network but do provide other essential services to the Network as a whole):

</doc>
<doc id="18471467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18471467" title="Rymnio">
Rymnio

Rymnio is a village located in Aiani municipal unit, Kozani regional unit, in the Greek region of Macedonia. It is situated on the south shore of the Aliakmon River at an altitude of 330 meters. The postal code is 50500, while the telephone code is +30 24640. As of the 1991 census, the population was 278. 
The town of Kozani, seat of the region, is 29 km from Rymnio.

</doc>
<doc id="18471468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18471468" title="Shchastya Bay">
Shchastya Bay

Schastya Bay (Zaliv Schast'ya) is a long coastal lagoon in the southern end of the Sea of Okhotsk facing the northwestern tip of Sakhalin. It is limited in the north by the Petrovskaya Kosa landspit, Chkalov Island and Baydukov Island.
Schastya Bay is about 40 km long and has an average width of 7 km. There are three passes, the broadest of which is between Chkalov and Baydukov Islands.
This lagoon is a bird sanctuary and a great variety of shorebirds have their home in the area.
The Schastya Bay was populated by Russians who built winter settlements in the area in centuries past. Nowadays there are three settlements around Schastya Bay: Men'shikovo, Vlas'evo and Khaburs. Administratively this lagoon belongs to the Khabarovsk Krai of the Russian Federation.
Schastya Bay has no relation with the 1987 Soviet movie "Zaliv Schastya".
History.
Theis area became briefly the center of attention of the press in 1936 when Soviet pilot Valery Pavlovich Chkalov flew on an Antonov ANT-25 plane from Moscow through Franz Joseph Land, Severnaya Zemlya, Petropavlovsk-Kamchatsky and Khabarovsk. The plane landed 56 hours and 20 minutes later in Udd Island (now Chkalov Island) after having covered 9,374 km.

</doc>
<doc id="18471491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18471491" title="Tin Shui Wai Sports Ground">
Tin Shui Wai Sports Ground

Tin Shui Wai Sports Ground is a multi-use sports ground at 2 Tin Shui Road, Tin Shui Wai, Yuen Long, Hong Kong.
It has a grass football field and a 400m running track.
It will be used by TSW Pegasus as its main training ground during the 2008-09 Hong Kong First Division League season.

</doc>
<doc id="18471495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18471495" title="One Heartbeat">
One Heartbeat

One Heartbeat is the title of a million-selling 1987 album by legendary R&B and Pop/Rock singer/songwriter Smokey Robinson. It hit #1 on Billboard's R&B albums chart. 
The album contains the "Billboard" Top 10 singles "Just to See Her" (which won Robinson a Grammy Award in the category of Best Male R&B Vocal performance) and "One Heartbeat". The album's third and final 45 release was the sensual "What's Too Much". This album has been Certified Gold by the RIAA. [http://www.riaa.com/goldandplatinumdata.php?content_selector=gold-platinum-searchable-database] 

</doc>
<doc id="18471500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18471500" title="Ant War">
Ant War

Ant War is computer game for Windows published by Anarchy Enterprises in 2003.
In "Ant War" the game the player must make strategic decisions to make a growing ant colony in order to conquer the world, by battling against enemies such as crickets or spiders. The goal is to accumulate 1 billion ants.
History.
The original "Ant War" was a web game published in 2000, and its popularity encouraged Anarchy Enterprises to develop a full PC version. "Ant War" was influenced by the quick pick-up time of casual strategy game, "Lemonade Tycoon". A demo version of the game was made available to play in web browsers.

</doc>
<doc id="18471505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18471505" title="NWA Anniversary Show">
NWA Anniversary Show

The NWA Anniversary Show was a professional wrestling promotional event held from 1998 until 2008, celebrating the anniversary of the 1948 founding of the National Wrestling Alliance. The event began with the 50th anniversary show in 1998, and was held annually until 2008, with the exception of 2006 and 2007.
Results.
1998.
The NWA 50th Anniversary Show took place on October 24, 1998 at the Hilton Hotel in Cherry Hill, New Jersey.
1999.
The NWA 51st Anniversary Show, subtitled "Battle of the Belts 1999", took place on September 25, 1999 at the Grady Cole Center in Charlotte, North Carolina.
2000.
The NWA 52nd Anniversary Show, took place over two events, subtitled "Battle of the Belts 2000" and "Showcase of the Stars", on October 14 and 15 2000 at the Tennessee State Fairgrounds Arena in Nashville, Tennessee.
Night one
Night two
2001.
The NWA 53rd Anniversary Show, subtitled "Battle of the Belts 2001", took place on October 13, 2001 at the WrestlePlex in St. Petersburg, Florida.
2002.
The NWA 54th Anniversary Show, subtitled "Battle of the Belts 2002", took place on October 26, 2002 at the Memorial Coliseum in Corpus Christi, Texas.
2003.
The NWA 55th Anniversary Show, took place over two events on October 10 and 11 2003 at the Park Pavilion in Parkersburg, West Virginia.
Night one
Night two
2004.
The NWA 56th Anniversary Show took place over two events on October 15 and 17 2004 at the Ramada Malbourough Hotel in Winnipeg, Manitoba.
Night one
Night two
2005.
The NWA 57th Anniversary Show took place on October 8, 2005 at the Tennessee State Fairgrounds Arena in Nashville, Tennessee.
2008.
The NWA 60th Anniversary Show took place on June 7, 2008 at the Philips Arena in Atlanta, Georgia. Although it was the best-attended of all the Anniversary Show events, arena officials believed the crowd to be the smallest that the 18,000-seat venue had ever seen.

</doc>
<doc id="18471527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18471527" title="Yano (disambiguation)">
Yano (disambiguation)

Yano is a Filipino rock group.
Yano may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18471534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18471534" title="Mike Ayers">
Mike Ayers

Mike Ayers (born May 26, 1948) is the current head football coach of the Wofford Terriers located in Spartanburg, South Carolina. He has filled the position since 1988. Wofford College, with an enrollment of 1,550 students, is one of the smaller National Collegiate Athletic Association college football schools in Division I. The Terriers compete in the Football Championship Subdivision as members of the Southern Conference.
Playing career.
Ayers played linebacker and offensive tackle for the Tigers of Georgetown College. He also played for the baseball team and competed in gymnastics and wrestling.
Coaching career.
Ayers began his coaching career as a graduate assistant and defensive coordinator for Georgetown College in 1974 and 1975. He again performed the role of assistant during stops at Newberry and Richmond. In 1980 Ayers arrived at Wofford as defensive coordinator for the Terriers under head coach George F. "Buddy" Sasser. Ayers followed Sasser to East Tennessee State where he resumed his role as defensive coordinator before taking over the head coaching position in 1985. Ayers was hired as the head coach of the Terriers in 1988. Wofford moved up to Division I-AA in 1995 and joined the Southern Conference in 1997. Under Ayers, the Terriers have claimed four Southern Conference football championships, in 2003, 2007, 2010 and 2012, and participated in the playoffs six times. Ayers won the Eddie Robinson Award, given to the most outstanding FCS head coach, in 2003 after guiding the Terriers to a 12–2 record.He holds the black belt in karate, and is an accomplished artist and fly fisherman.

</doc>
<doc id="18471549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18471549" title="Jack the Bulldog">
Jack the Bulldog

Jack the Bulldog is the official mascot of the Georgetown University Hoyas athletics teams. Jack has been the name of at least five live Bulldogs since 1962, when the name first came into use, though Georgetown counts six official bulldog mascots including the two living ones. The current incarnation of Jack is an English Bulldog born in 2003 whose full name is John S. Carroll.
A puppy born in 2012 named Jack Junior, or J.J., began assisting Jack in April 2012, allowing the older Jack to retire after the 2012–13 school year and transfer his duties to Jack Junior. However, university administrators determined in July 2013 that J.J. would not be the school's mascot. By the end of August 2013, a new puppy had been identified from the same breeders, and John B. Carroll was introduced to campus in October 2013.
Jack was not always the name of the Georgetown Hoyas' mascot, nor was the mascot always a bulldog, as other types of dogs, particularly bull terriers, were associated with the sports teams before 1962. In 2009, the American Kennel Club ranked Jack as the 8th most popular dog in American culture. Today, Georgetown is among thirty-nine American universities to use a bulldog as their mascot, with Georgia, Butler, Mississippi State, Yale and James Madison being the only others with a live bulldog. Jack is also portrayed by a costumed character Bulldog mascot, a tradition dating to 1977.
Early dogs.
Dogs have been associated with the school's sports teams on an unofficial basis since the late nineteenth century. Early dog mascots may have included a mutt called Hoya around 1900, a Borzoi named Richmond Jack in 1906, a bulldog named Hoya in 1907, and a Boston Bull Terrier in 1911. At this time, most mascots were primarily associated with the school's football team, and were cared for by students or individual sports teams, rather than the administration.
Sergeant Stubby, a part bull terrier and a decorated World War I war dog, came to campus in 1921 with J. Robert Conroy who was attending Georgetown Law at the time. The school football team used Stubby as a popular halftime show where he would push a football across the field, which established him as a campus celebrity. After Stubby died in 1926, the team then chose a female bull terrier named Jazz Bo, who had been brought to campus by Georgetown College student Paul Van Laanen. Jazz Bo was retitled "Hoya" by the students, after the traditional "Hoya Saxa" school cheer. The athletic teams are possibly named, in turn, for this dog. When "Hoya" gave birth to a daughter, students named the puppy "Saxa".
Other bull terriers like Saxa filled in as mascot until World War II, when athletics at the school paused during the war. After the war, a series of Great Danes, named Bo, Butch, and Hobo, served as mascot. William Peter Blatty, author of "The Exorcist", was one of the students to care for Butch. During this time period mascot abductions by rival schools became a common threat to the animal's safety. A bull terrier costume was also briefly used by the school, but in 1951, the school suspended the football program as part of a larger backlash against university sports. This left the school without a mascot.
Royal Jacket.
In 1962, with the resumption of a football team, students Stan Samorajczyk and John Feldmann, editors of "The Hoya" campus newspaper, founded a committee to raise money for the purchase of a new mascot dog in time for the first new games in 1964. This committee chose a purebred English Bulldog as the dog which would represent Georgetown students because of their "tenacity." Samorajczyk also followed the sports team jerseys, which may have previously had an image of a bulldog on them. Around this time the school also adopted as the official logo of the athletics program a new drawing in blue and gray school colors of the bulldog. This logo dog wears a cap typical of the beanie which other freshman at the time had to wear.
For $150 the committee bought a two-year-old blue-ribbon-champion show dog named "Lil-Nan's Royal Jacket," named because the colors of his coat looked like a jacket. This dog was to be renamed "Hoya" like his 1926 predecessor, but refused to respond to any name other than his call name "Jack." Jack lived outside New South Hall in a heated doghouse. In 1967, Royal Jacket retired and was replaced by a second bulldog who continued under the simple name "Jack." In 1977, as the basketball program gained popularity, the costumed mascot took over duties as Jack. The costume, first worn by student Pat Sheehan, has been updated numerous times, most recently in 2013. Other live bulldogs owned by students at times joined the costumed Jack, including one named Rocky from 1982 to 1985 and one named Daisy in 1997.
John P. Carroll.
In 1998, Michael Boyle, Austin Martin, and Kathleen Long, co-founders of the Hoya Blue fan club began a campaign to revive the tradition of an official live mascot with the assistance of English professor Father Scott R. Pilarz, S.J. The "Bring Back Jack" Campaign initially sought to find a suitable dog among the students and faculty, as the university did not want to use school funds for the purchase. Ultimately, Hoya Blue raised $1,500 to purchase a new puppy named Jack (officially, John P. Carroll) and placed him in the care of Father Pilarz on February 16, 1999. However after four years, Jack left Georgetown with Pilarz, who was named president of the University of Scranton in Pennsylvania in 2003, and then president of Marquette University in 2011. John P. Carroll died on September 16, 2011 at the home of Pilarz's parents in Voorhees, New Jersey, at the age of 12.
Donations from Hoya Blue, the Hoya Hoop Club, the Office of the President, and alumni allowed for the purchase of the current third incarnation of Jack (born 2003).
John S. Carroll.
Jack was born May 3, 2003 at Brookhollow Kennel in Freehold Township, New Jersey as a litter of one. He is the son of champion bulldog Copper Kid and a relation of Rocky the 1983 mascot. He was brought to campus on July 19, 2003 and placed in the care of Father Christopher Steck, S.J., a theology professor. His official name, as registered with the American Kennel Club is Brookhollow's John S. Carroll, which allows for the nickname Jack. This refers to Georgetown founder John Carroll, while "S." stands for Steck. Similarly the previous mascot was officially John P. Carroll, for Pilarz. He is also infrequently referred to as Jack IV, as the school is unsure of the exact number of dogs used as Jack in the 1970s.
Jack lives with Father Christopher Steck in New South Hall but spends time in Wolfington Hall Jesuit Residence. In 2003, Father Steck started the "Jack Crew", a twenty-student organization of Jack's walkers and caretakers. Crew members must be able to show their school spirit and their ability to control Jack, including being aware of his affinity for orange traffic cones. Jack has both an email address, a Facebook profile, a student ID card, and a local phone number, and the campus directory lists him as part of the theology faculty, like Father Steck.
Jack attended home basketball games at the Verizon Center, where he entertained fans by attacking a cardboard box decorated with opponents' logos. This tradition developed after Steck discovered Jack's propensity for attacking boxes of brownie mix, and he originally decorated boxes for the games himself. Jack wears a leather collar studded with Georgetown pins, and occasionally wears a team jersey sporting the number one, which Steck purchased at the school bookstore. On campus, Jack attends some student meetings and can be booked for social functions. He weighs and his color is described as "red fawn." Jack's personality is described as very social, but imperious and stubborn with "a sense of entitlement."
On March 11, 2012, Jack tore his ACL, and had to have surgery to repair it on April 23, 2012. In March 2013, school announced that Jack would "retire" from gameday duties after the end of the 2012–13 basketball season, and officially take a smaller role.
Jack Junior.
On March 30, 2012, Georgetown announced the donation of a new bulldog puppy from San Diego breeders Janice and Marcus Hochstetler, whose children Nathan and Rachel attend the school. The school named the puppy Jack Junior, or "J.J.", and his father was a breed champion, while his mother and grandmother still live with the Hochstetler family. The puppy, who has been described as "laid back," was introduced to the community at a ceremony on April 13, 2012.
Students discovered during Homecoming 2012 that J.J. has an affinity for balloons, and during Midnight Madness he attacked blue and orange balloons, colors of Georgetown's arch-rival, Syracuse University. He had his debut at the Verizon Center on January 26, 2013 during a men's basketball victory over the Louisville Cardinals. On February 8, 2013, Jack and J.J. met with Butler University's mascots, Blue II and Blue III, who were in town on a goodwill tour to Atlantic 10 members.
However, during the summer 2013, trainers at the school determined that, given the "exciting and hectic" life required of the school's mascot, it would be best for J.J. to return to a home environment, announcing their decision on July 31, 2013. An incident involving a small child during the fall 2012 semester, and a subsequent settlement with the child's family, may have contributed to the school's decision, though Georgetown spokesperson Rachel Pugh said it wasn't the only factor. Caretaker Rev. Christopher Steck, S.J. was surprised by the schools decision, and published a letter expressing his disappointment. In an editorial in "The Hoya", Steck also lamented the school's choice not to involve the Bulldog Advisory Committee, which began meeting earlier in the summer, in its decision. After a search by Steck, J.J. was adopted by a family close to the Georgetown campus on August 18, 2013.
John B. Carroll.
On August 30, 2013, Pugh announced the arrival of a new puppy, also from the Hochstetler family and from the same mother as J.J., a bulldog named Treasure, though from different litters. Named John B. Carroll, the dog's middle name stands for "Bulldog", unlike his predecessors, where the middle name referred to the caretaker's name. He was born on June 29, 2013 and was introduced on campus in late October 2013 with appearances at a men's soccer game against DePaul on October 23, and around Copley Lawn and Leo J. O'Donovan Hall. In early October 2013, the school announced that Steck would not be the new mascot's caretaker, but that another, not necessarily a Jesuit, would be selected from the Georgetown community. On November 5, 2013, the school choose 2013 graduate McKenzie Stough as the bulldog's caretaker. Besides being an alumna, McKenzie works as a Communications Specialist in the university's Office of Communications. Responding to criticism, the school involved the fourteen-member Bulldog Advisory Committee in the replacement process and selection of the caretaker. The Jack Crew will also be downsized from twenty students to "four or five" with the selection of this new caretaker.

</doc>
<doc id="18471560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18471560" title="Graisse">
Graisse

Graisse is a white French wine grape variety that is grown primarily in the Armagnac region of western France where the grape is used for both wine production and distillation. The pulp of the grape is characterized by its high viscosity levels which can create some difficulties in winemaking to produce a wine that expert Jancis Robinson describes as being of average to low quality. In recent years, plantings of Graisse has been steadily declining.
Synonyms.
Various synonyms have been used to describe Graisse and its wines including Blanquette, Blanquette grise, Cargo saoumo, Cargo saumo, Chalosse, Cholosse, Clairette égreneuse, Cotiblanc, Cotilblanc, Gras, Gras blanc, Grecho, Gros blanc, Jalosse, Mendic, Plant de graisse, Plant de Grecho, Plant de Mun, Président, Ramassaou blanc, Ramassou blanc, Taloche, Tizourine bou-aferara blanc and Tizourine bou-afrara.

</doc>
<doc id="18471569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18471569" title="Thom Yorke discography">
Thom Yorke discography

This is a discography of Thom Yorke.

</doc>
<doc id="18471579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18471579" title="Will D. Howe">
Will D. Howe

Will Dave Howe (Charlestown, Indiana, August 25, 1873 - December 6, 1946) was an American educator, editor and co-author. 

</doc>
<doc id="18471586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18471586" title="Lacs de Maclu">
Lacs de Maclu

Lacs de Maclu (or Lacs de Maclus) are two lakes at Le Frasnois in the Jura department of France. 
The Grand Lac Maclu has a surface area of 21 ha and a length of 1.1 km with a maximum width of 300 m. Its maximum depth is 24 m. The lake is located in the municipalities of Le Frasnois and La Chaux-du-Dombief.
Petit Lac Maclu is located northeast of the former and has a surface area of 5 ha with a length of 500 m and a maximum width of 120 m. Its maximum depth is 11 m. The lake is located in with the municipality of Le Frasnois.

</doc>
<doc id="18471607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18471607" title="List of United States Senators in the 10th Congress by seniority">
List of United States Senators in the 10th Congress by seniority

This is a classification of United States Senators by seniority from March 4, 1807 to March 3, 1809.
Order of service is based on the commencement of the senator's first term. Behind this is former service as a senator (only giving the Senator seniority within his or her new incoming class), service as Vice President, a House member, a Cabinet secretary, or a governor of a state. The final factor is the population of the senator's state.
The two main parties at this point were the Federalists (F), and Democratic Republicans (DR)

</doc>
<doc id="18471629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18471629" title="Fine, Totally Fine">
Fine, Totally Fine

Awards.
It won the Audience Award at the 2008 New York Asian Film Festival and the Nippon Connection Grand Prize.

</doc>
<doc id="18471662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18471662" title="N67">
N67

N67 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18471666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18471666" title="N67 road (Ireland)">
N67 road (Ireland)

The N67 road is a national secondary road in Ireland. It runs from Kilcolgan to Tarbert and passes though Kinvara, Ballyvaughan, Lisdoonvarna, Ennistymon, Lahinch, Milltown Malbay, Quilty, Doonbeg and Kilkee.

</doc>
<doc id="18471680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18471680" title="Roberta (disambiguation)">
Roberta (disambiguation)

Roberta is a 1933 Broadway musical.
Roberta may also refer to:
In entertainment:
Places:
Other uses:

</doc>
<doc id="18471715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18471715" title="Mughal chak klan">
Mughal chak klan

Mughal chak klan is in Gujranwala District, Pakistan. It is almost 75 Kilometer from the famous city Lahore. The surrounding cities are Sialkot, Gujrat, Kamonke, Hafizabad and the famous and historical town Qila Didar singh.
It is said that before independence this village was populated with Mirza,Mughal families.

</doc>
<doc id="18471728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18471728" title="Agricultural land">
Agricultural land

Agricultural land (also agricultural area) denotes the land suitable for agricultural production, both crops and livestock. It is one of the main resources in agriculture. The standard classification (used, e.g., by FAO — Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations) divides agricultural land into the following components, with their respective global land area in 2009:
The first two components — arable land and land in permanent crops — constitute so-called "cultivable land". The part of arable land actually under crops is called "sown land" or "cropped land". The term "farmland" is ambiguous in the sense that it may refer, on the one hand, to agricultural land and, on the other hand, to cultivable or even only arable land.
Depending on the use of artificial irrigation, agricultural land is divided into irrigated and non-irrigated land. In arid and semi-arid countries agriculture is often confined to irrigated land, with very little farming possible in non-irrigated or rainfed areas.
Agricultural land constitutes only a part of any country's territory, which in addition also includes areas not suitable for agriculture, such as forests, mountains, and inland water bodies. Agricultural land covers 33% of the world's land area, with arable land representing less than one-third of agricultural land (9.3% of the world's land area).
In the context of zoning, agricultural land (or more properly agriculturally zoned land) refers to plots that may be used for agricultural activities, regardless of the physical type or quality of land. In some areas, agricultural land is protected so that it can be farmed without threat of development. For example, the Agricultural Land Reserve ALR in British Columbia, Canada, is managed by the Agricultural Land Commission (ALC), and removing or subdividing land within the ALR must be approved by the ALC.
Source: Helgi Library, World Bank, FAOSTAT

</doc>
<doc id="18471745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18471745" title="NYK Vega">
NYK Vega

NYK Vega is a container ship, operated by Nippon Yusen Ship Management. The vessel has a capacity of 8,600 containers in company calculations and 9,012 TEU in International Maritime Organization calculations. The difference comes from the use of a different method of stowing in checking the ship's stability. 
Design.
"NYK Vega" was built in 2006 in the ship-yard of Hyundai Heavy Industries. The container ship is one of the largest and most modern container carriers of the world shipping, at long, wide and a fully loaded draft of . The deadweight tonnage of "NYK Vega" is about 94,000 metric tons and the gross tonnage of the ship is 97,825. She has a maximum speed of and a cruising speed of . "NYK Vega" is powered by MAN B&W 12K98MC engines with a power of . She sails under the Panamanian flag.
Bridge equipment.
Navigation is carried out using two electronic charts which integrate GPS, dGPS, AIS and ARPA, which usually allows the position of the ship to be plotted with an accuracy of 100 meters. "NYK Vega"’s computers also assist in the efficient loading and unloading of the cargo and containers.

</doc>
<doc id="18471751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18471751" title="Thomaso">
Thomaso

Thomaso, or the Wanderer is mid-seventeenth-century stage play, a two-part comedy written by Thomas Killigrew, The work was composed in Madrid, c. 1654. "Thomaso" is based on Killigrew's personal experiences as a Royalist exile during the era of the Commonwealth, when he was abroad continuously from 1647 to 1660.
"Thomaso" is now best known as the foundation upon which Aphra Behn constructed her finest play, "The Rover, or the Banished Cavaliers" (1677).
Autobiography.
Though Killigrew drew upon Mateo Alemán's picaresque novel "Guzmán de Alfarache" for source material, his "Thomaso" is generally considered strongly autobiographical; it is no accident that the title is the Spanish version of the playwright's given name. Like his earlier comedy "The Parson's Wedding" (but unlike the tragicomedies that make of most of his dramatic output), "Thomaso" features abundant bawdy humour and sexual frankness, to the discomfiture of generations of traditional critics. Killigrew's heroine Angellica speaks out for the emotional freedom of women, and Thomaso is an unblushing libertine.
Critical responses to autobiographical works often confuse the author and the work. Theatrical rival Richard Flecknoe published a book titled "The Life of Thomaso the Wanderer" (1676) that lambasted Killigrew with a sweeping personal attack. Flecknoe asserted that Killigrew was "born to discredit all the Professions he was of; Traveller, Courtier, Soldier, and Buffoon."
Publication.
Both parts of "Thomaso" were first published in "Comedies and Tragedies", the collected edition of Killigrew's plays that Henry Herringman issued in 1664. In the collected edition, "Thomaso" is dedicated to "the fair and kind friends to Prince Palatine Polixander."
The printed text divides the play into a Part 1 and Part 2 of five Acts each. Critics note, however, that Part 1 provides no dramatic denouement at its end, so that the work is, in effect, a single ten-Act work (a characteristic "Thomaso" shares with the author's other double dramas, "Cicilia and Clorinda" and "Bellamira Her Dream").
Abortive performance.
"Thomaso" was never performed in the seventeenth century, and certainly not since; many critics regard it as unactable, and place it securely in the category of closet drama. Yet Killigrew once attempted to mount a production – and an extraordinary one. In October 1664, Killigrew's King's Company gave an unprecedented all-female-cast production of his "Parson's Wedding". At the same time, Killigrew prepared a similar all-women staging of "Thomaso". A cast list for the intended production survives; the leading actress Anne Marshall was intended for the role of Angelica, Mary Knep was cast as Lucette, and beginner Nell Gwyn was also in the cast. (The list assigns the 14-year-old "Nelly" the part of "Paulina, a courtesan of the first rank" — a role she would soon fill in real life.)
The production, meant for November 1664, never materialised, perhaps due to the inherent dramaturgic limitations of Killigrew's expansive text. (Gwyn's stage debut had to wait another four months.)
Plot.
Thomaso is a young English gentleman living in Spain during the English Interregnum; he belongs to a set of other Royalist exiles, some of them serving in the Spanish army. The two plays deliver a very episodic picture of his life and adventures, through ten Acts and 73 scenes.
Thomaso impresses his compatriots with his wardrobe and his wit. He carries on a sexual liaison with the famous courtesan Angellica, and accepts gifts from her; she defends his conduct. Yet Thomaso also can maintain a more normal and morally and socially correct relationship with a woman when he chooses, and as he does with the virtuous (and wealthy) Serulina. (The play never reconciles the two erotic modes.)
A comic and farcical subplot centres on the character Edwardo, who is a foolish pretender to the gentility and honour that Thomaso genuinely possesses.
Critics and commentators have not hesitated to point out the obvious faults in "Thomaso"; verdicts like "rambling, long-winded" and "indulgent and inert" are common in the relevant literature.
"The Rover".
Aphra Behn was a friend and colleague of Killigrew; her use of "Thomaso" for "The Rover" should not be misunderstood as any sort of artistic abuse or plagiarism.
"Aphra improved greatly on the original, and, in the first of the two plays she made from it, produced a masterpiece of light-hearted comedy, broad and outspoken, but not lacking in beauty of form and language. It was certainly one of the best plays of romantic intrigue written during the Restoration."
Behn's Willmore is her version of Killigrew/Thomaso.
The modern increase in critical attention to Behn and her works has meant an accompanying increase in attention to Behn's antecedents, including Killigrew's "Thomaso".
Commentators deplore Killigrew's misogyny — though some also note the curious streak of proto-feminism in his work, as when Angellica protests the "slavery" that women suffer.
Modern productions of "The Rover" have occasionally supplemented Behn's text with material from "Thomaso".
External links.
"Thomaso" online:

</doc>
<doc id="18471775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18471775" title="NCS-382">
NCS-382

NCS-382 is a moderately selective antagonist for the GHB receptor. It blocks the effects of GHB in animals and has both anti-sedative and anticonvulsant effects. It has been proposed as a treatment for GHB overdose in humans, as well as for the endogenous metabolic disorder succinic semialdehyde dehydrogenase deficiency, but has never been developed for clinical use.

</doc>
<doc id="18471803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18471803" title="La Diva (Aretha Franklin album)">
La Diva (Aretha Franklin album)

La Diva is a 1979 album by Aretha Franklin released for Atlantic Records, and it marked the end of Aretha's 12-year tenure with Atlantic and a run of 19 original albums. The album was a commercial flop as the singer attempted to make a comeback by recording a disco-oriented project with producer Van McCoy. It was McCoy's final work as he died in June of that year and the record was released as disco was running its course. 
It peaked at #146 on "Billboard"'s album chart and sold less than 75,000 copies in the United States. It stands as the lowest charting and poorest selling album of Aretha's entire Atlantic Records catalogue. "Ladies Only" only reached #33 on "Billboard"s R&B singles chart while the follow-up, "Half A Love", stalled at #65.
This album was recorded at Aretha's vocal peak and features three of her own compositions, as well as a song by her eldest son Clarence Franklin. Although remembered as Aretha's failed disco LP, "La Diva" also includes substantial funk/ R&B tracks such as The Emotions' "Reasons Why", Zulema's "Half a Love" and scorching versions of Lalome Washburn's "It's Gonna Get A Bit Better" and her own "Honey I Need Your Love." This album was released on compact disc in Europe in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18471808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18471808" title="Admiral Danish Fleet">
Admiral Danish Fleet

Admiral Danish Fleet (ADMDANFLT) is two things:

</doc>
<doc id="18471811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18471811" title="Joco Music">
Joco Music

Joco Music is Bocephus King's first CD. The sixteen track CD is a collection of blues/swing/country/rock songs with many New Orleans influences.
The CD was recorded inside Perry's parents' cabin in Point Roberts with help from an army of volunteer musicians and partner Dave Staniforth of Tsawwassen, who also has a CD due out soon: "Without Dave, it couldn't have happened like this."

</doc>
<doc id="18471827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18471827" title="Australian Informatics Olympiad">
Australian Informatics Olympiad

The Australian Informatics Olympiad is a computer programming competition for Australian high school students run by the Australian Informatics Olympiad Committee (AIOC). The Committee, a department of the Australian Mathematics Trust (AMT), holds the 3 hour competition in early September each year. The competition began as the Australian Informatics Competition (AIC) in 1998, and in 2005, was divided into Intermediate and Senior divisions and renamed as the Australian Informatics Olympiad, when the AIC became a pen-and-paper competition.
The 2013 Australian Informatics Olympiad was held on Thursday, 5 September 2013.
Competition Format.
The Australian Informatics Olympiad is a 3 problem competition held on the internet over 3 hours. Competitors are allowed to begin the competition at any time within a specified period but once started, must complete the three hours in a single block. In the first competition in 1998, competitors had to solve 3 problems in 3 hours. This was changed to 4 problems in 4 hours from 1999 to 2009, but was then changed again, back to 3 problems in 3 hours since 2010.
Competitors must solve AIO problems by taking input from a specified input file and writing output to a specified output file. Input files could have any input within specified bounds and in a certain format. Contestants must then output the corresponding answer in a specified format to the output file. Sample data and output are supplied in the problem statements for each problem but judges will use secret test data which is often more strenuous than the sample data to test solutions.
AIOC Activities.
The AIOC is the organising body for the:
The AIOC also organised the inaugural 2007 Asia-Pacific Informatics Olympiad.
The AIOC is responsible for selecting and taking a team of the four best-performing high school informatics students to participate in the International Olympiad in Informatics.
The AIOC manages an informatics contest server which also acts as a training site for students with over one hundred accessible problems and real-time evaluation of uploaded solutions.
Competitions.
Since its creation in 2005, the AIC (Australian Informatics Competition) is the only pen-and-paper competition organised by the AIOC which does not involve the use of a computer or knowledge of programming. The AIC tests problem-solving skills similar to those used in solving more difficult problems in competitions requiring programming. The questions are of multiple choice and short answer format for optical reading and computer marking. There exist three divisions: Senior (years 11 and 12), Intermediate (years 9 and 10) and Junior (years 7 and 8).
Initiated in 1998, the annual AIO (Australian Informatics Olympiad) is a nation-wide computer programming competition sat by students in early September. The competition is three hours long with three programming questions, and is split into Senior (years 11 and 12) and Intermediate (years 7 to 10) divisions. Based on these results, approximately 25 students are selected to attend a 10-day training school at the Australian National University in Canberra.
"Note: From 1998 to 2004, the AIO was termed the AIC, as no pen-and-paper competition existed. In 2005, the old AIC computer science competition was renamed to AIO and the new pen-and-paper competition took the name AIC"
AIIO.
The Australian Invitational Informatics Olympiad (AIIO) held annually in February since 2006 is open only to the students selected to attend the previous year's December School of Excellence. Results of the AIIO contribute to the selection of approximately 12 students to attend the April IOI Team Selection School, and to a lesser extent, the selection of the four members of the team itself. The AIIO is more difficult than the AIO and requires knowledge of basic algorithms learned in the December school.
The French-Australian Regional Informatics Olympiad (FARIO) is a joint-managed competition organised by both the AIOC and France-IOI. The competition began in 2004 and is open to any interested students in France and Australia. Results from the FARIO are also used along with the AIIO to select eight students for the April IOI Team Selection School and IOI team selection.
Australian IOI Medalists.
The 2011 IOI team members are Robert Newey, Evgeny Martynov, Michael Chen and Eliot Courtney
The following table lists all Australian IOI medalists ordered by colour and number of medals, then by last year a medal was received. B represents a Bronze medal, S a Silver and G a Gold.

</doc>
<doc id="18471843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18471843" title="Venericardia">
Venericardia

Venericardia is a widely distributed genus of marine bivalve molluscs, in the family Carditidae. 
It is the type genus of subfamily Venericardiinae. The closely related "Purpurocardia" was for long included here as a subgenus, but is increasingly considered distinct.
Species of "Venericardia" include:

</doc>
<doc id="18471849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18471849" title="Scott Covington">
Scott Covington

Scott Covington (born January 17, 1976 in Fresno, California) is a former college and professional American football quarterback. He played 5 seasons in the NFL for the Bengals and Rams, and 1 in the CFL for the Argonauts.
College.
He played in college for the University of Miami Hurricanes, and was their starting quarterback in 1997 after Ryan Clement suffered an injury in the middle of the season. Covington had an average college career, mostly serving as a backup for Clement. He did not earn a chance to start until his Senior year in 1998, helping the Hurricanes to a 9-3 record, including a season defining win against the then #3 UCLA Bruins, 49-45, in the final regular season game.
NFL career.
Covington was drafted in the 1999 NFL Draft by the Cincinnati Bengals, for whom he played with for three seasons. He spent the majority of those three seasons as the third string quarterback, behind the likes of Akili Smith and Scott Mitchell. He appeared in just 3 games, completing 4 of 5 passes for 23 yards and running the ball twice for -4 yards. In 2002, he joined the St. Louis Rams, where he played for two seasons. He played in just one game, but he also started it in place of an injured Kurt Warner. He completed 2 of 5 passes for 7 yards and was sacked twice before being replaced by Jamie Martin. He was released during the 2004 offseason.
Post NFL career.
After sitting out the entire 2004 season, Covington was signed by the Toronto Argonauts of the CFL on March 1, 2005. He was released on June 18.

</doc>
<doc id="18471852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18471852" title="Keiko Mukaide">
Keiko Mukaide

Keiko Mukaide (born 1954 in Tokyo) is a Japanese artist who lives and works in the UK. She studied glass at the Royal College of Art in London and was awarded a research fellowship from the Edinburgh College of Art. She has works in many public and private collections in the UK and was shortlisted for the 1998 Jerwood Prize for applied art.
Her art work employs a number of glass making techniques, casting and fusing glass in a kiln, manipulating glass in a blowing studio and even gluing shards of dichroic glass to wire nets. Her recent work has been to produce large scale, site specific installations constructed from multiple small scale glass items. "Memory of Place" funded by The Arts Council of England and Scottish Arts Council at York St. Mary's, Castlegate, York is an example of this approach.
Collaborated with Si Applied on the Cutting Edge, Sheaf Square, Sheffield, UK sculpture on Sheaf Square, Sheffield, UK. A stainless steel sculpture, 90 m long and 5 m at its highest, completed in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="18471855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18471855" title="Ara Dinkjian">
Ara Dinkjian

Ara Dinkjian (; born 1958) is an Armenian-American musician. He is the founder of the band Night Ark. Ara Dinkjian is considered one of the top oud players in the world, his compositions have been recorded in thirteen different languages, which include the multi-platinum hit "Dinata", it was performed in the closing ceremonies of the 2004 Olympic Games in Athens.
Ara has written songs for Eleftheria Arvanitaki, and Sezen Aksu ("Vazgeçtim", "Sarışın", "Yine Mi Çiçek", "Hoş Geldin", among others). Turkish singers Gülşen, Kibariye, Mine Koşan, Ahmet Kaya, Coşkun Sabah, Burcu Güneş have recorded his songs.
Biography.
Born in New Jersey to Armenian parentage, Dinkjian made his professional debut at the 1964 New York City World's Fair playing on the doumbag—aged five. He accompanied John Berberian and George Mgrdichian.
Married to Margo Sarkisian, mother of his three children: 18 year old, Arev Dinkjian, 29 year old Simone` Soultanian, and 20 year old Kyle Dinkjian.
His earliest professional musical experience was accompanying his father Onnik Dinkjian, a renowned Armenian folk and liturgical singer. He was enrolled at The Hartt School, a specialized performing arts college in Hartford, Connecticut and was offered a scholarship to attend at the age of 18. Ara learned several western and eastern instruments (piano, guitar, darbuka) and in 1980 graduated from the Hartt College of Music, earning the country’s first and only special degree in the instrument for which he has become most well-known, the "oud".
He formed his band Night Ark in 1986, which introduced listeners to a new blend of Anatolian roots music fused with jazz.
His first album under the Night Ark band name was "Picture" released in 1986.
In 2002, Dinkjian was chosen to represent Armenia in the First International Meeting Of The Oud, where twelve of the world’s top oud players gathered in Thessaloniki, Greece for three days of solo concerts, master classes, and exchange of information.
His newest album and first solo CD, "An Armenian in America", comprising 12 tracks, was recorded live at the 2005 International Oud Festival in Jerusalem.
At the 2008 Oud Festival in Israel, he recorded an album with Sokratis Sinopoulos – lyra (Greece), Tamer Pinarbasi – kanun (Turkey), Rimon Haddad – bass (Palestina) and Zohar Fresco – percussion (Israel), and name it "Peace on Earth".
On the 11/11/2010 he has gathered the Night Ark band to an outstanding performance of re-union in the Jerusalem Ud festival.
Festivals.
Dinkjian has performed in several festivals, mostly in Israel, where his music is very popular:
Night Ark.
Ara Dinkjian's band, Night Ark, came together in 1986 after Steve Backer, a producer for RCA, heard a demo of one of Dinkjian's original compositions and promptly issued an invitation to record.
Members of his band Night Ark include, Arto Tunçboyacıyan on the percussion as well as pianist/composer Armen Donelian and Marc Johnson. He is accompanied by the world-class musicians Zohar Fresco on percussion and Adi Rennert on keyboards.
They have recorded 6 albums.

</doc>
<doc id="18471863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18471863" title="Kelvin Robertson">
Kelvin Robertson

Kelvin Robertson (born 3 January 1983) is an Australian former professional basketball player who played his entire career with the Townsville Crocodiles of the National Basketball League. A local product, he suffered two knee injuries in 2009 that required reconstructions, forcing him into early retirement.

</doc>
<doc id="18471867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18471867" title="Ace Young (album)">
Ace Young (album)

Ace Young is the self-titled debut album from "American Idol" 5 contestant Ace Young. The album was released in July 2008 and sold 10,000 copies. The album features Young's single, "Addicted", which landed on number 77 on Billboard's Hot 100 chart.

</doc>
<doc id="18471869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18471869" title="Training ground (association football)">
Training ground (association football)

A training ground is an area where professional association football teams prepare for matches, with activities primarily concentrating on skills and fitness. They also sometimes form part of a club's youth system, as clubs consider it important to have good facilities to aid the development of young players.
Training grounds are usually separate from a team's stadium, as clubs use the facilities to avoid overusing the stadium's pitch. However, teams usually train inside the opposing team's stadium on the day before a European away game, both for the benefit of the media and to become familiar with the surface.
Training ground incidents.
There have been several high profile incidents, at training grounds, where players have been injured in disputes between team-mates. Joey Barton was given a suspended prison sentence, on 1 July 2008, for an assault on teammate Ousmane Dabo on Manchester City's training ground and Andy Carroll broke teammate Steven Taylor's jaw in a fight.

</doc>
<doc id="18471881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18471881" title="N58">
N58

N58 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18471907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18471907" title="H2ptm">
H2ptm

H2PTM, or Hypertext Hypermedia Products Tools and Methods, is an international conference on hypermedia. The first congress was held in Paris, in 1989, organized by the Paragraphe Lab, University of Paris VIII.
In 2009, H2PTM celebrated its 20th anniversary and was held in Paris in November. The last version took place in Hammamet, Tunisia, in 2007. This year, the venue is Metz, France.

</doc>
<doc id="18471921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18471921" title="A Small Good Thing">
A Small Good Thing

A Small Good ThingA Small Good Thing, Bocephus King's second album was released by New West Records in 1998. The album was marketed as country.Sure, argues Perry, there's a smattering of that within A Small Good Thing, but not enough to ghettoize him within that one genre. "It got great reviews," says Perry, " it got stuffed into places it didn't belong. People are going, "This isn't f-ing country!" The situation was exacerbated in Canada, where the CD "spent most of its life in warehouses."
The light at the end of the tunnel appeared at SXSW in the form of an editor from Buscadero, a popular Italian music magazine. Unbeknownst to Perry, the editor was bowled over, and he then returned to Italy with a mission: to inform Europe of the genius of Bocephus King. Perry didn't know what was brewing when he was later interviewed for Buscadero, nor when a European promoter called and booked a tour for him. After apprehensively walking onto a stage in Italy and finding that the crowd knew the words to all his songs, it dawned on him: Bocephus King had quietly become huge in Europe. "We did one big outdoor concert where I thought we were part of a huge festival," says Perry, "and it was just us."Calgary Straight 2001 Article by Rick Overwater
Artist Information and Track Listing.
A Small Good Thing
1998 New West Records
Bocephus King: Vocals, 6 & 12 string acoustic guitars, electric guitar, percussion, tympany.
The Rigalattos.
Dan Parry: Drums, percussion, b.g’s.
Darren Paris: Bass, b.g’s.
Doug Fujisawa: Piano, organ, b.g’s.
Paul Rigby: Electric guitar, mandolin, gut string, b.g’s.
Additional musicians.
Dave Staniforth: acoustic guitar, electric guitar, synther. Craig Ducommun: piano, organ, synther, harmonica. Jesse Zubot: violin, mandolin. Steve Dawson: weissenborn, 6 & 12 string acoustic guitars, electric guitar, slide, pedalsteel. Brent Sigmeth: b.g’s. Elliot Polsky: percussion. Doug Schmidt: Accordion. Joyita Rubin: cello. Jed Luhmann: chimes, marimba. Lori Williams: background vocals. Kristin Mooney: background vocals. Jane Sawyer: background vocals.

</doc>
<doc id="18471924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18471924" title="N57">
N57

N57 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18471937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18471937" title="Purpurocardia purpurata">
Purpurocardia purpurata

Purpurocardia purpurata is a marine bivalve mollusc in the family Carditidae. Its genus was long included in "Venericardia", but is increasingly treated as distinct.

</doc>
<doc id="18471959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18471959" title="Cristian Arrieta">
Cristian Arrieta

Cristian Arrieta (born September 18, 1979 in Orlando, Florida) is an American-born Puerto Rican footballer of Italian descent. 
Arrieta initially began playing soccer in Italy with various Italian clubs in the lower divisions. In 2008, he returned to North America to sign with the Puerto Rico Islanders of the USL First Division. Under the guidance of Colin Clarke, Arrieta rose to prominence as one of the league's most consistent defenders. He was a pivotal factor in bringing the Islanders to a higher level of prestige among the league. He assisted the club by claiming their first regular-season championship, as well as reaching the playoff finals. 
His performances in the CONCACAF Champions League provided Puerto Rico with stunning results over regional powerhouses, and helped the club reach the semi-finals of the tournament. On February 2010 he was ranked 14th in the USL First Division Top 25 of the Decade, which announced a list of the best and most influential players of the previous decade.
Career.
Europe.
Born in Florida to a Basque-Spanish father and an Italian Mother, Arrieta grew up in Bilbao, Spain and Borgomanero in Italy. He spent much of his early career playing in the Italian lower divisions, and has over 120 appearances for clubs such as Varese, Mestre, Ivrea and Alessandria in Serie C2, also taking part to the Italian reality show "Campioni, il sogno" (Champions, the dream), centered around the football club Cervia.
In 2005 he signed with Lecco in Serie C1, and then for Lecce in Serie B in 2006, the highest level of soccer he attained in his homeland. Then he made 7 appearances for Lecce.
North America.
Arrieta went abroad to Puerto Rico in 2008, and signed with the Puerto Rico Islanders in the USL First Division. Arrieta would prove to become a valuable asset to the club, by guiding the Islanders to a string of success. One notable match he appeared in was against the Rochester Rhinos, where the game concluded to a score of 4–0 in favour of the Islanders. It was a memorable match due to the fact it placed the club at the top of the standings for the first time in club history. Arrieta managed to assist the club in remaining at the top of the standings and on September 19, won the club's first Commissioners Cup which clinched first place in the league's regular season standings. He contributed by establishing a solid backline that would post the best defensive performance in the league. Arrieta also managed an astonishing offensive record for a defender with seven goals and two assists, ranking him ninth in goals. On October 11, 2008 he received the "Defender of the Year award" and as well was selected into the USL First Division All-League First Team. In the club's playoff run, he led the Islanders to the USL 1 Division final only to be defeated by the Vancouver Whitecaps by a score of 2–1. He also led the Islanders to the knockout stages of the CONCACAF Champions League. 
During the 2009 season, Arrieta enjoyed another career high season. He concluded the season with 10 goals and five assists, which placed him in fourth in goals. 
He helped lead the club back to the playoffs with a third-place finish, and for the second consecutive year he earned an All-League selection. On October 15, 2009, Arrieta made history by being once again awarded the Defender of the Year award, becoming the third player in USL history to win the award twice in a row. On the same night he made history once more by earning the "Most Valuable Player award", thus becoming only the second defender to earn the honor, with Marcelo Balboa being the first in 1988. 
Arrieta signed with Major League Soccer club Philadelphia Union on April 5, 2010. He was waived by Philadelphia on February 8, 2011. He signed with Fort Lauderdale Strikers of the North American Soccer League on March 31, 2011. Arrieta was let go by the club at the end of the season.
International.
Arrieta was called up to the Puerto Rico national team in September 2010. As a United States citizen he is eligible to the team after residing in the Commonwealth for two years while playing with the Puerto Rico Islanders. He got his first cap in a 2010 Caribbean Championship qualification stage match against Anguilla on October 2, 2010 and scored his first goal in the same competition against Saint-Martin two days later.
Personal.
Arrieta was the winner of the Italian reality show "Campioni, il Sogno", after which he was granted a trial with Serie A side Internazionale.

</doc>
<doc id="18471963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18471963" title="G Senjō no Maō">
G Senjō no Maō

Gameplay.
Much of the gameplay in "G Senjō no Maō" requires little interaction from the player, because the majority of the time is spent reading the text that appears on the game's screen. The text being displayed represents the thoughts of the characters or the dialogue between them. The player is occasionally presented with choices to determine the direction of the game. Depending on what is chosen, the plot may progress in a specific direction. There are four different routes in total.
Plot.
Main characters.
The player assumes the role of , the protagonist of "G Senjō no Maō" and adopted son of a powerful yakuza boss. Though he acts kind and understanding in most social situations, this persona is a pretense used to hide his work as a highly intelligent and ruthless businessman. As the president of one of his father Gonzō's corporations, Kyōsuke employs brutal—and often illegal—business tactics in order to pay off a massive debt accruing intense interest. This debt is held against him by his father and is supposedly partially representative of the costs of raising him, "down to the last sheet of toilet paper." Due to Gonzō's abusive "education" and the severity of Kyōsuke's debt, he views money as the means, end, and purpose of life. Kyōsuke also notably loves classical music.
Story.
"G Senjō no Maō"'s story revolves around Kyōsuke Azai, the adopted son of , a yakuza leader. Kyōsuke works under Gonzō in order to pay off the sum total of a loan taken out by his biological father and the costs of raising Kyōsuke himself under Gonzō's wing. He eventually hopes to reunite with his mother, from whom he was separated many years earlier. At the beginning of the game, a girl named Haru Usami transfers into Kyōsuke's school and introduces herself as "a hero". She initially ignores Kyōsuke, but soon asks him if he knows a person named "Maō". Kyōsuke replies to the peculiar question in the negative, but later that evening, receives a bizarre email from a "Maō". Due to his possible connection to yakuza turf wars, Gonzō instructs Kyōsuke to find and capture the enigmatic figure. The game's expository first chapter ends with "Maō" directly challenging Haru to discover his identity.
The second chapter of the game, "Kidnapping Spree", centers on the struggles of the Miwa family to keep their family's orchard, despite both Kyōsuke and "Maō" independently working with a developer who wishes to buy the land. When "Maō" kidnaps the youngest child of the Miwa family and asks for an exorbitant sum as ransom, Kyōsuke helps the eldest, his classmate Tsubaki, obtain the necessary funds via a yakuza loan. Depending on the player's choices, the Miwa family can be saved (granting an ending showing Tsubaki and Kyōsuke cohabitating years later) or forced to accept the developer's offer in order to repay their debt. In all scenarios, "Maō's" demands are met despite the best efforts of the protagonists and Tsubaki's brother is returned safely. It is first strongly suggested in this chapter that "Maō" may in fact be an alterego of Kyōsuke: his psychiatrist is shown to be acutely interested in memory lapses that coincide with severe headaches and, interestingly for the player, with "Maō's" activity.
The third chapter of the game, "The Mephistopheles Murders", sees "Maō" take on an accomplice in order to kill people involved with Kanon Azai's skating career. He poses as a radical nationalist to gain the trust of his similarly idealistic accomplice; Haru, Kyōsuke, and Haru's friend Yuki work to save Kanon and her chance at an Olympic quota. After capturing and interrogating the accomplice, the protagonists follow his information into a trap: the entire plot was actually a diversion. "Maō's" actual target was Gonzō, whose enemies he had been arming in order to draw his target out personally. Gonzō had considered this possibility and evades the car bombing which was meant to kill him. It is possible for the player to follow an alternate path in this chapter which sees Kanon and Kyōsuke build a romantic relationship, and portrays her figure skating career in a more detailed manner.
In the fourth chapter, "Blind Spot in Negotiations", one of Kyōsuke's classmates takes Mizuha Shiratori and a teacher hostage on the school grounds after hours. Depending on the player's choices, this can be resolved quickly and segue into a romantic subchapter involving Mizuha, or can become a drawn-out affair which eventually leads to "Maō's" final plan. In the latter case, Kyōsuke and his fellow yakuza surround the school while Yuki Tokita, with her extensive knowledge of the criminal mind, negotiates with the captor. Surprisingly, the hostage scenario ends with the revelation that Yuki had enabled the captor to escape at the very beginning of negotiations, and was herself the mastermind behind the event in an attempt to financially ruin Mizuha's father. Furthermore, Yuki is revealed to be Mizuha's neglected half-sister, illuminating her motive. A second, farcical hostage situation occurs when Yuki appears to take Mizuha captive for the second time, but she has no intent to harm her captive. The situation is resolved just as news reaches Kyōsuke that his mother had been killed by a drunk driver.
Shortly thereafter, "Maō" succeeds in killing Gonzō, who had apparently to the player discovered that "Maō" was indeed Kyōsuke. However, while by all indications "Maō" had been a dissociated identity of the protagonist, the fifth chapter, "G Senjō no Maō", reveals "Maō" to be Kyōsuke's supposedly-dead older brother Kyōhei. Kyōhei bears a grudge against Haru and Gonzō because Haru's father, a con artist and civil engineer, took advantage of the death of Kyōsuke's little sister to manipulate his family into accepting Haru's father's enormous gambling debt. Ultimately, Kyōsuke's father murdered Haru's father in revenge, and awaits execution. Similarly, Haru's mother was killed by "Maō" years later; thus orphaned, the familial hatred became mutual in a sense. The title of the game is revealed to be taken from a recurring hallucination associated with post traumatic stress disorder stemming from the moment of Haru's mother's murder: whenever she attempts to play her mother's violin, she sees a demon creep up the instrument's G string. It is revealed that Haru and Kyōsuke met briefly and connected as children.
Later in the chapter, Kyōhei initiates an elaborate scheme that drives the entire downtown area into chaos. Kyōhei informs the police that he will demand his army of trained mercenaries and rebellious youths to stand down pending the release of several criminals, including his father. At the end of the event, as Kyōsuke escapes the area, Kyōhei calls him and fakes an emotional suicide. The ruse is quickly discovered and the police engage in a shootout with Kyōhei, apparently ending in his death.
In the epilogue, Kyōhei is revealed to have faked his death yet again, and pays Haru a visit at Kyōsuke's home. After a struggle and a chase, Haru nearly murders an unarmed Kyōhei out of rage; Kyōsuke takes the shot instead, in a selfless attempt to spare her from the guilt. When the police question him, rather than attempt to generate sympathy by painting the victim as a brutal killer, Kyōsuke attempts to enrage the investigators with a confession of cruel intent in order to blind them to the facts implicating Haru. He successfully eliminates her association with the crime, but is sentenced to eight years in prison. At his release, he is met by Haru and her daughter, who is revealed to be nearly eight and thus Kyōsuke's. At first, he regrets siring a child who will live with the stigma of a criminal father (like himself, his brother, and Haru), but he is soon overcome by the love in his daughter's eyes, and finally lets go of the past to live for the future.
Development.
"G Senjō no Maō" is Akabeisoft2's ninth game in three years, and the second of four games released in 2008 alone. The project is notable as having very few people credited for having taken a part in the creation of the game. Planning for the project and the scenario were headed by Loose Boy. Art direction and character design were done by Alpha. The music in the game was composed by Tiko-μ, and entirely features arrangements of classical music.
Release history.
Before "G Senjō no Maō"s initial release, two free game demos became available for download at Akabeisoft2's official website. In the demos, the player is introduced to the main characters in the game that is typical of the gameplay found in a visual novel which includes times during gameplay where the player is given several choices to make in order to further the plot in a specific direction. The full game was first released on May 29, 2008, in limited and regular editions playable as a DVD on a Microsoft Windows PC. The limited edition contained an art collection from Akabeisoft2's previous titles "Sharin no Kuni, Himawari no Shōjo", that game's fan disc "Sharin no Kuni, Yūkyū no Shōnenshōjo", and "Sono Yokogao o Mitsumeteshimau: A Profile Kanzenban", a desk calendar, and a demo of "" from Akabeisoft2's sister brand Lump of Sugar released two months after "G Senjō no Maō".
Related media.
Two drama CDs set in the "G Senjō no Maō" universe were released in 2009, the first on January 9 and the second on June 26. Fourteen episodes of an Internet radio show to promote the drama CDs titled was distributed on the visual novel's official website between November 7, 2008, and May 8, 2009. The show was hosted by Rino Kawashima and Mahiru Kaneda, the voices of Haru and Eiichi in the visual novel, respectively. The show also featured four other voice actors from the game and drama CDs as guests: Sumire Murasakibana (voice of Tsubaki), Hokuto Minami (voice of Yuki), Satoshi Tsuruoka (voice of Ryūhei Oda (drama CD-only character)), and Jun Fukuyama (voice of Maō, Kyōsuke in the drama CDs).
Ichijinsha released a manga anthology titled "G Senjō no Maō Comic Anthology" on September 25, 2008, under their DNA Media Comics imprint. Ichijinsha also released a fan book titled "G Senjō no Maō Visual Fan Book" on July 14, 2009.
Music.
Most of the game's soundtrack is made up of remixed classical music. The visual novel has three main theme songs, one opening theme, one insert song played near the end of the game, and one ending theme. The opening theme, "Answer", is sung by Rekka Katakiri, written by Kanoko, and composed by Junpei Fujita. The insert song, "Close Your Eyes", is sung by Ayane, and is written and composed by Chiyomaru Shikura. The ending song, , is performed by Barbarian On The Grove featuring Chata and is written and arranged by Bassy. The two theme songs were included on the compilation album "The Best Game Vocals of Akabeisoft2" released on February 23, 2007 featuring theme songs from several games by Akabeisoft2. The game's original soundtrack was released by 5pb. on April 24, 2009 in a three-disc set.
Reception.
From mid-March to mid-April 2008, about two months before "G Senjō no Maō's" release, the game ranked second in national PC game pre-orders in Japan. The limited edition of "G Senjō no Maō" ranked second in terms of national sales of PC games in Japan in May 2008, and the regular edition ranked twenty-sixth for the same month. The limited edition ranked again for June 2008 at 23rd-highest selling in Japan. "G Senjō no Maō" ranked first for the month of May 2008, in terms of sales at Getchu.com. The game ranked again at sixteen the following month in the same ranking. For the first half of 2008, "G Senjō no Maō" ranked third best in sales at Getchu.com. The game received first prize at the Bishōjo Game Awards for 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18471969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18471969" title="Christine Buci-Glucksmann">
Christine Buci-Glucksmann

Christine Buci-Glucksmann is a French philosopher and Professor Emeritus from University of Paris VIII specializing in the aesthetics of the Baroque, Japan and computer art. Her best-known work in English is "Baroque Reason: The Aesthetics of Modernity".
Background.
Christine Buci-Glucksmann began her work as a philosopher in the 1970s with political studies of Friedrich Engels and Antonio Gramsci. She followed this with research into aesthetics, based primarily around a study of the work of Walter Benjamin. This achievement was followed by her study into the aesthetics of the perception of the Baroque, which was published as "La Raison baroque" in 1984 and then again with "La folie du voir" in 1986. In this, her major accomplishment, she cites Gilles Deleuze and Jean-François Lyotard as being most salient to her concerns. 
She followed this interval with an investigation into the aesthetics of the virtual with two books: "La folie du voir: Une esthétique du virtuel" and "Esthetique De L'ephemere". She he has written numerous books and articles about digital art (for example "L’art à l’époque virtuel" (Art in the Age of Virtuality)) and new media art. She has also written extensively on artists from China, for in example in "Les modernités chinoises".
Reference bibliography.
In translation: 
In French:

</doc>
<doc id="18471971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18471971" title="2009 Women's Cricket World Cup">
2009 Women's Cricket World Cup

The 2009 ICC Women's Cricket World Cup was the ninth edition of the tournament and was held in Australia from 7 to 22 March 2009, using the sport's One Day International format.
Teams from New Zealand, Australia, England, India, Pakistan, South Africa, Sri Lanka and West Indies competed.
Host selection and venues.
The ICC, along with Cricket Australia, announced in July 2008 that six venues in New South Wales would host the tournament. The venues chosen were North Sydney Oval, Bankstown Oval and Drummoyne Oval (all in Sydney), Manuka Oval in Canberra, No. 1 Sports Ground in Newcastle and Bradman Oval in Bowral. In addition, four grounds in Sydney (Manly Oval, Old King's Oval, Raby Oval No. 1 and Village Green) hosted the nine warm-up matches for the tournament.
Qualification.
Six of the eight teams involved in the tournament qualified through finishing in the top six in the previous tournament; Australia, India, England, New Zealand, Sri Lanka and West Indies therefore qualified automatically for the tournament. The final two places were awarded to Pakistan and South Africa; the two finalists of the 2008 Women's Cricket World Cup Qualifier.
Rules and regulations.
Matches.
All matches started at 10am local time (UTC+11) and were played to standard One Day International playing conditions. All matches were to be 50 overs a side unless stated otherwise by the umpires or match referee, with each bowler entitled to bowl a maximum of 10 overs per match.
In the event of bad weather, the side batting second must have batted a minimum of 20 overs for a result to be declared (if the match was not otherwise won, for example if the team batting second was dismissed before the completion of 20 overs). In the event of interrupted matches (due to rain or some other factor), the Duckworth-Lewis method was applied to determine the result or revised target.
Tournament points and format.
Throughout the group and Super Six stages, two points were awarded to teams for a win, one point for a tie or matches that ended with no result, and no points were awarded for a defeat.
At the conclusion of the group stage, the three teams in each group with the most points advanced to the Super Six stage of the tournament (the first time such a stage had been held), while the two teams eliminated played in a 7th/8th place playoff. Points from matches between teams both qualifying for the Super Six stage were carried forward, therefore all six teams to advance began the Super Sixes with two games played. Following the conclusion of the Super Sixes, the top two teams contested the final, third and fourth contested a third-place play-off, while fifth and sixth played each other for fifth place.
Results.
Group Stage.
The eight qualifying teams were split into two groups for the group stage, with traditional rivals Australia and New Zealand drawn together in Group A alongside South Africa and the West Indies, while India and Pakistan were drawn together in Group B along with England and Sri Lanka. The group stage took place between 7 and 12 March 2009.
Super Sixes.
The top three teams in each group moved on to the Super Six stage which is scored as a complete round-robin. But each of the six teams played only three new matches, rather than five—each group's three representatives carried forward their result against each other rather than play again. Thus the table, showing five matches for each team, covers all matches between the Super Six qualifiers, including those from the group stage.
The top two teams in the final table qualified for the final.
The Super Six stage of the tournament took place between 14 and 19 March 2009.
Awards.
Team of the tournament.
The day after the final, the ICC announced its World Cup XI, as selected by a panel led by Belinda Clark. The eleven included five members of England's tournament-winning squad, with three coming from India and two coming from runners-up New Zealand.
New Zealand's Sophie Devine was named as the side's twelfth man.
Player of the tournament.
The award for player of the tournament was selected by the same panel that chose the team of the tournament, and was awarded to the leading run-scorer Claire Taylor.

</doc>
<doc id="18471977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18471977" title="SIONICS">
SIONICS

SIONICS (acronym for Studies In the Operational Negation of Insurgents and Counter-Subversion) was an American company producing firearm suppressors (also called "silencers"). It was founded in the 1960s by Mitchell WerBell, a former OSS and CIA officer.
History.
The company was originally formed to design silencers for the M16 rifle. Later, WerBell began work on designs for a low cost, efficient silencer for machine guns.
In 1967 WerBell partnered with Gordon B. Ingram, inventor of the MAC-10 submachine gun. They added Werbell's silencer to Ingram's SMG and attempted to market it to the U.S. military for use in the Vietnam War. The silencer was the M14SS-1, designed for the M14 rifle, and forty suppressors were sent unofficially to the 9th Infantry Division in Vietnam during early 1969 for combat evaluation, and an undisclosed number were procured under ENSURE Number 360.1, but the suppressor was not adopted officially.
To obtain capital for manufacturing, Werbell solicited 29 investors for 7 million dollars each into a holding company called Quantum Ordnance Bankers. They created a manufacturing corporation called Military Armament Corporation, and merged it with Quantum and SIONICS. The efforts to sell to the military failed and Werbell lost control of the company.
Current Use.
The SIONICS name was adopted by a firearms manufacturer located in Tucson, Arizona and produces complete rifles, upper assemblies, lower assemblies, barrels and other parts. 

</doc>
<doc id="18471999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18471999" title="James Garth Marshall">
James Garth Marshall

James Garth Marshall (20 February 1802 - 22 October 1873) was an English Liberal Party politician, the Member of Parliament for Leeds (1847–1852). He was the third son of the wealthy industrialist John Marshall who introduced major innovations in flax spinning and built the celebrated Marshall's Mill and Temple Works in Leeds, West Yorkshire. His eldest brother William was MP for Beverley, Carlisle and East Cumberland and his next eldest brother, John, was an earlier MP for Leeds. The fourth brother, Henry Cowper, was Mayor of Leeds in 1842-1843.
Marshall bought the Monk Coniston estate, near Coniston, Cumbria, from the Knott family in 1835. He later created the celebrated landscape of Tarn Hows by constructing a dam to merge three existing small tarns into the present body of water, at the same time supplying water power to his sawmill in Yewdale. The estate was later bought by Beatrix Potter and eventually passed to the National Trust.

</doc>
<doc id="18472006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472006" title="Finch (EP)">
Finch (EP)

Finch is the self-titled second EP by American post-hardcore band Finch. It was released digitally on July 22, 2008 and was due to be released in Hot Topic stores nationwide on July 29, 2008. However, due to manufacturing issues the physical release date was pushed back to August 1, 2008. It is the first release since the band's hiatus in 2006.
Album information.
The EP was recorded over a period of 2008 and produced by Jason Cupp, who also co-produced with the band on their second album, "Say Hello to Sunshine", released in 2005. Videos surfaced in January 2008 of the band recording a brand new song, the longest on the EP, named "Chinese Organ Thieves". Before the release of the EP, all songs but "Famine or Disease" were played live.
The song "Famine or Disease" debuted at #3 on the Billboard's "Hot 100 Singles Sales" Chart, beating Madonna's "Give It 2 Me" and The Cure's "Freakshow" for that week who only charted #7 and #9 respectively.
In June 2009, Finch redesigned their official website and made the EP available for free download. It is available in AAC, MP3, Apple Lossless and WAV digital music formats.
Track listing.
All songs written by Finch.
Personnel.
Finch
Production
Art

</doc>
<doc id="18472011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472011" title="Saurer 4K 4FA">
Saurer 4K 4FA

The Saurer 4K 4FA is an Austrian armoured personnel carrier with caterpillar tracks. It was later replaced by the Steyr 4K 7FA G 127. It went into production in 1961. In 1956, Osterreichische Saurer-Werke of Vienna (which was taken over by Steyr-Daimler-Puch AG in 1970) started development of an armoured personnel carrier. The first prototype, the 3K 3H, was completed in 1958 and the second, the 4K 3H, the following year. They are both powered by a Saurer 3H 200 hp diesel engine.
The next model, the 4K 2P, had a different hull layout, a new torsion bar suspension and was powered by a 250 hp Saurer 2P diesel engine. In appearance it was similar to the first production vehicles which were completed in 1961 and designated 4K 4F. Later production vehicles were the 4K 3FA (230 hp) and the 4K 4FA (250 hp), which differed only in minor details such as their Sauer engines.
A total of 445 production vehicles was delivered to the Austrian Army in the following versions: 30 4K 4F, 211 4K 3FA, 38 4K 3FA-FS, 12 4K 4FA-Fü/FIA, 15 4K 4FA-San, 76 4K 4FA-G2, 60 4K 4FA FüA 1 to 4 series, three 4K 3FA Fül and a number of 4K 3FA GrW1 81 mm mortar carriers which were conversions of earlier vehicles. Production was finally completed in 1969. The vehicle was succeeded in production by a new model, described in detail in a separate entry, called the 4K 7FA which uses the same automotive components as the SK-105 Kürassier light tank also manufactured by Steyr-Daimler-Puch. Production of the 4K FA and SK 105 are complete and all marketing of these has ceased.
In mid-1999, the Austrian MoD awarded Steyr-Daimler-Puch a contract for the supply of 112 ASCOD Ulan infantry fighting vehicles for the Austrian Army. These were delivered from 2002 to 2004 and has now replaced at least part of the current Saurer 4K 4FA APC fleet of the Austrian Army. The 4K 4FA series will remain in service with Austria for some time.
Description.
The hull of the Saurer 4K 4FA series armoured personnel carrier is made of all-welded steel armour and is immune to penetration from 20 mm armour-piercing projectiles over its frontal arc.
The driver sits at the front of the hull on the left side with the power pack to his right and has a two-piece hatch cover that opens to the left and right, in front of which are three day periscopes. The centre periscope can be replaced by a passive periscope for driving at night.
The gunner sits behind the driver and on the basic model has a cupola with a two-piece hatch cover opening left and right and a single day observation periscope. A standard 0.50 inch (12.7 mm) M2 Browning machine gun is mounted on the forward part of the cupola and most vehicles are fitted with a shield to give limited frontal protection to the gunner. This model is known under the company designation of the 4K 4FA-G1 with its Austrian Army designation being the usMGSPz ("Schützenpanzer"/"Überschweres" MG).
The personnel compartment is at the rear of the hull with the eight infantrymen seated on bench seats, four down each side of the hull. The crew in the rear face inwards. The section leader is the first on the right seat and is provided with a day periscope in the forward part of the personnel compartment roof, on the right side. Access to the personnel compartment is by two doors in the rear of the hull. Two hatches over the roof of the vehicle open to the outside. Mounting sockets for the pivot trunnion of an adaptor mount for the MG 42 machine gun are provided on the front, right, left and rear side of the hatch above the personnel compartment.
The suspension is of the torsion bar type with either side consisting of five dual road wheels with the drive sprocket at the front, the idler at the rear and two track-return rollers. The first and last road wheel stations are provided with a hydraulic shock-absorber.
The 4K 4FA has no NBC system, night vision equipment or amphibious capability.
Variants.
4K 4FA-G2 (Grenadier-Schützenpanzer)
This is similar to the basic 4K 4FA-G1 but is fitted with an Oerlikon Contraves GAD-AOA one-person turret which is armed with a 20 mm Oerlikon Contraves cannon Model 204 GK. This is belt-fed and can be used in both the ground and anti-aircraft roles. The weapon is provided with 100 rounds of ready use ammunition and the empty cartridge cases and links are ejected outside the turret. The 20 mm cannon has an elevation of +70° and a depression of -12°, turret traverse is 360°. Although its company designation is the 4K 4FA-G2 its Austrian Army designation is the MK66SPz Schützenpanzer/Maschinenkanone 66.
4K 4FA-San (Ambulance)
Full designation is 4K 4FA-San (Sanitätspanzer). This model is unarmed and has a crew of two, the driver and the medical orderly, and it can carry four sitting and two stretcher patients. The stretchers are carried in the left side of the hull with the four sitting patients on the bench seat down the right side of the hull, strapped in with waist and shoulder straps.
4K 4F GrW1 81 mm Mortar Carrier (Granatwerfer-SPz)
Mounted in the rear of the troop compartment, firing forwards, is an 81 mm mortar. A 120 mm self-propelled mortar was developed to the prototype stage (GrW2) but never entered service. The vehicle is armed with an 8.1 cm mGrW 82 (Mittelschwere Granatwerfer 82). Minimum range of the mortar is 180 m with maximum range being 5,850 m, normal rate of fire is 6 rounds per minute with maximum rate of fire being 18 to 25 rounds per minute.
81 mm Multiple Rocket Launcher
This is the basic APC with an Oerlikon Contraves 81 mm rocket launcher mounted on a turntable over the rear troop compartment. It is understood that these vehicles have now been phased out of service.
Schützenpanzer A1/LWT
This is the section vehicle for the MBDA Mistral man-portable surface-to-air missile systems in the Pz1FAL batteries.
ELVO Leonidas
Version of the vehicle used by the Greek Army and the Cypriot National Guard with a few modifications. It is armed with an M2 Browning Machine Gun and powered by a 320 hp engine. It was produced from Greek vehicle manufacturer ELVO from 1981. ELBO developed an upgrade called Leonidas 2 which entered production in 1986. All vehicles in Greek service have been upgraded to that standard.

</doc>
<doc id="18472024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472024" title="N49">
N49

N49 may refer to ;

</doc>
<doc id="18472052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472052" title="Henry Nevill">
Henry Nevill

Henry Nevill may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18472059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472059" title="Concrete grinder">
Concrete grinder

A concrete grinder can come in many configurations, the most common being a hand-held Angle grinder, but it may be a specialized tool for countertops or worktops. There are also purpose-built floor grinders that are used for grinding and polishing marble, granite and concrete. Machines that grind concrete floors are usually made to handle much more stress and will have more power to drive the unit as concrete has a much higher sliding friction than marble or granite which is also worked wet, therefore with less friction. In fact some types of marble will spark when it is ground dry, causing deep damage to the marble surface.
All concrete grinders use some sort of abrasive to grind or polish such as diamond tools or Silicon carbide. The diamond tools used for grinding most commonly are diamond grinding cup wheels, and for polishing are usually diamond polishing pads.
The use of diamond tooling is the most common type of abrasive used under concrete grinders and come in many grits that range from 6 grit to the high thousands, although 1800 grit is considered by the insurance industry as the highest shine to apply to a floor surface.
Concrete is usually ground dry for convenience, because it can be done with fewer people than wet grinding, although a HEPA filter-equipped vacuum is needed to capture the fine dust produced. Of course concrete can also be ground wet in which case no vacuum is used.
Fine concrete dust contains silica which is very harmful to the lungs and can lead to silicosis so all effort should be made to avoid breathing concrete dust. For green building methods many regulators LEED's have seen the benefit of using concrete grinders that are designed to finish concrete to a very stable wear surface, that can safely be used for many years as a floor or tabletop surface . These machines are usually powered by higher electrical power such as 220 volts or higher as they require motor power larger than 110 volts can supply. Some machine are powered by LP gas such as used on forklifts so that they can be run in well ventilated areas without a power cord, but these machines usually have fewer features that a fully electric unit. Variable speed is one good feature only available on all electric versions, that allows for slowing down of the grinding speed to keep the tooling in contact with the floor.
The picture on the right is an example of a concrete floor grinder. This is a Levetec three-head planetary grinder, which has a three-phase motor and will run on single or three phase input power.

</doc>
<doc id="18472072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472072" title="Khalid Salman">
Khalid Salman

Khalid Salman Al-Muhannadi (Arabic: خالد محمد سلمان المحري المهندي ; born 5 April 1962, in Qatar) is a former Qatari footballer, playing and scoring in World Youth Championships, various Gulf Cups and the 1984 Summer Olympics. He was part of a golden generation of Qatari footballers in the 80's along with Mansoor Muftah, Ibrahim Khalfan, Mahmoud Soufi, Adel Khamis and many more. His most memorable matches include those against Brazil in the World Youth Championship (he scored a hat-trick) and against France at the 1984 Olympics.
Career.
Club career.
He played for Al-Sadd at club level. His two goals in the Asian Club Championship 1988-89 final gave Al-Sadd their first Asian title.
International career.
Salman represented the Qatar olympic team at the 1984 Summer Olympics, and scored a brace against France, which account for the only two goals Qatar scored during the tournament. He also played for the Qatar national football team at the 1988 AFC Asian Cup finals, scoring a goal in the group stage.
Television.
Currently he works as an analyst for various Gulf sports channels, especially Al-Kass, where he appears in the "Al Majlis" talk show.

</doc>
<doc id="18472076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472076" title="Gevrey">
Gevrey

Gevrey may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18472086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472086" title="N48">
N48

N48 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18472103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472103" title="Torkild Brakstad">
Torkild Brakstad

Torkild Brakstad (born 20 September 1945 in Molde) is a Norwegian former football player and coach.
Brakstad played for his hometown team Molde FK 1962–1978. In the years 1974–1978 while Molde was in the Norwegian Premier League, Brakstad played 108 matches and scored 12 goals. Brakstad was capped three times on the Norwegian national team in 1974.
Brakstad acted as playing manager of Molde F.K. 1969–1974 and 1976 and manager 1980–1981 and 1986. He was also manager of Tromsø IL 1983–1984 and of Rosenborg BK 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="18472115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472115" title="Janky Promoters">
Janky Promoters

Janky Promoters is a comedy, re-teaming Ice Cube and Mike Epps who play as "janky" promoters who book rapper Young Jeezy to play at their concert, only to fail at doing it the right way and thus getting into more trouble than they bargained for.
Plot.
The movie begins with a flashforward to a later scene in the movie in which Russell Redds (Cube) and JellyRoll (Epps) are running out of a concert being chased by an angry mob and shot at as they drive off in Redds' car. The plot starts off with Russell Redds coming home late and sneaking into his wife's purse to get her checkbook. He then hears her wake up and pretends to sleep only to be caught by his wife who already knows what happened. This indicates that Redds does not have all the money for the concert yet. Meanwhile his co-partner JellyRoll is fooling around with another man's wife at a hotel only to be encountered by a TV show's crew ( a cameo appearance by Joey Greco ) who hunts down people who cheat on their loved ones. Suddenly Gina's husband Ronnie, who is a cop, drives into the parking lot and starts to shoot at them from his cop car as JellyRoll and Gina escape by car. Meanwhile Redds visits his mom and begs for money but is turned down and is forced to steal his wife's checkbook while she is in the shower. He checks up on his son who goes by Yung Semore and makes sure he is ready to open up for Jeezy and perform at the concert. He continues his plans by picking up JellyRoll and getting a rent-a-van to pick up Young Jeezy instead of getting a limo. He gets Jellyroll to pick them up from the airport as he runs errands around Modesto getting more money or getting hotel reservations for the rapper and his entourage. After taking forever to arrive at the airport, JellyRoll finally shows up and picks the rapper up at the airport and find outs Jeezy wants some weed badly so he decides to take them to the hood to get some. He meets up with his drug dealer Mondo who scolds him for getting weed for the rapper and asks if Jeezy can come to his after party. JellyRoll insists that the rapper wants 20,000 dollars to show up and Mondo accepts and gives him the money. This is where things start to turn for the promoters as JellyRoll spends the 20,000 dollars on clothes and jewelry instead of using it for the show to pay Jeezy his money. From there, the movie turns wild and intense as Russell Redds and JellyRoll try to figure out a way to get Jeezy to perform while dodging Mondo and his crew and getting the money to pay Jeezy to perform.
Release.
After being delayed several times, the film released to a limited release on October 16, 2009. The film's DVD was released on November 24, 2009, and also made available for purchase on iTunes in HD and Standard Definition on February 10, 2010.
In an interview, star Ice Cube stated that the film was unfinished, and that the DVD release was made without his knowledge while he was working on a deal for a wider release of the film.

</doc>
<doc id="18472119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472119" title="The New York Times Non-Fiction Best Sellers of 2005">
The New York Times Non-Fiction Best Sellers of 2005

This is a list of adult non-fiction books that topped "The New York Times" Non-Fiction Best Seller list in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="18472120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472120" title="N46">
N46

N46 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18472136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472136" title="N45">
N45

N45, N-45 or N.45 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18472142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472142" title="Henry Nicholas (disambiguation)">
Henry Nicholas (disambiguation)

Henry Nicholas may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18472161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472161" title="Achi (game)">
Achi (game)

Achi is a two-player abstract strategy game from Ghana. It is related to tic-tac-toe, but even more related to Tapatan, Three Men's Morris, Nine Holes, Tant Fant, Shisima, and Dara, because pieces are moved on the board to create the 3 in-a-row. It is an alignment game. 
There are two versions to this game. In one version, each player has four pieces to drop. This is the version described below. In another version, each player has only three pieces to drop, which makes it identical to Tapatan. 
Goal.
To create a 3 in-a-row of one's pieces either horizontally, vertically, or diagonally.
Equipment.
A 3 x 3 board is used. Three horizontal lines form the three rows. Three vertical lines form the three columns. Two diagonal lines connect the two opposite corners of the board. Each player has four pieces. One plays the black pieces, and the other plays the white pieces, however, any two colors or distinguishable objects will suffice.
The board is easily drawn on the ground or paper.
Rules and Game Play.
1. The board is empty in the beginning. 
2. Players decide what colors to play, and who will start first. 
3. Drop phase: Each player drops one piece per turn on any vacant space on the board. Players alternate their turns. Pieces cannot move until all four pieces have been dropped.
4. Move phase: After each player's four pieces have been dropped on the board, each piece can move one space at a time following the pattern on the board. Only one piece can be moved per turn.
5. Players can create the 3 in-a-row at either the drop phase or move phase, and win the game.
6. HOUSE RULES: These are rules that you and the other player can agree upon. They are not standard for the game. 
a) A stalemate where one player cannot make a move is cause for a draw or a loss to that player. 
b) Repeating a position three times can be cause for a draw.
Analysis.
Analysis has shown that the first player wins with perfect play. 
In the 3 piece variant where each player drops each of their 3 pieces on the board, there are 1,680 ways for that to happen. It is truly a complex game.
Related Games.
Picaria, Tapatan
Cited as a predecessor of Three Men's Morris

</doc>
<doc id="18472165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472165" title="N43">
N43

N43, N-43 or N.43 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18472189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472189" title="She Watched the Sky">
She Watched the Sky

She Watched The Sky is the first EP by the American post-hardcore band A Skylit Drive. It was released on January 23, 2007, on Tragic Hero Records. It is their only release with original vocalist, Jordan Blake. A music video directed by Brianna Campbell was made for the track, "Drown The City". In the video, A Skylit Drive is seen at a club and playing the song in a parking lot.
Personnel.
"She Watched the Sky" album personnel as listed on Allmusic.

</doc>
<doc id="18472197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472197" title="N41">
N41

N41, N-41 or N.41 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18472202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472202" title="Amplify systems">
Amplify systems

Amplify Systems is an US based IT consulting and staffing firm.
History.
Amplify Systems was found in 2005 by group of entrepreneurs that have worked in the IT consulting field for decades. Since inception the company has grown into many folds.

</doc>
<doc id="18472205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472205" title="Gareth Lloyd">
Gareth Lloyd

Gareth Lloyd is a British artist of Welsh origin, active since 1985. 
His work connects with a generation of British artists that had a critical relation to 1960s' Pop Art. In his works he dialogues with Stéphane Mallarmé's poetry, as well as with the ideas of the Mexican poet Octavio Paz.
After spending his youth near Reading, Gareth Lloyd studied technical and industrial drawing at Berkshire College of Art. He then did post-graduate art studies at Saint Martin's School of Art. His initial doctoral research ('Image Return Inquiry') at the University of London with Marian Hobson brought him into contact with the philosophical work of Jacques Derrida. 
Lloyd spent part of the late 80s in New York where he developed relationships with Leo Castelli, with whom he conducted extensive documentary interviews, and fellow painter Julian Schnabel. He then lived in Central London for more than twenty years with non-tenure track lecturing appointments at North London University (Department of Architecture), University of East London (Department of Architecture and Visual Arts) and Kingston University (Inter-disciplinary M.A. program). In the past few years, Lloyd has commuted between London and Asia, where he is involved in a number of large-scale art projects. 
Dialogue and the disjunction of images are among the key themes explored. Exhibitions include one man shows in London: Riverside Studios, Madrid: Calle Velasquez and New York: Empire State Building Lobby. Essays on his work include: "Gareth Lloyd - Journals from Bedsit to Loft" by John Stezaker, "Leaving the 20th Century" by Jeremy Reed (writer), "Towards an Aesthetic of Dissent" by Professor María Esther Maciel and "Some thoughts on the paintings of Gareth Lloyd" by Paul Ryan.
A permanent display exploring the life of Buddha, seen as a series of disjunctions and dialogues, can be found at Wat Tham Krabok the Cave Of Learning monastery in central Thailand.
With 'Difference Exchange', Lloyd's current project aims to examine inter-faith visual narratives in association with artists’ international placements, in order to promote world peace. This project received financial support from Arts Council England in 2010, with additional in-kind support from the Temple of Fine Arts in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, Eastside Projects in Birmingham and the Association for Cultural Advancement through Visual Art in London, UK.
Citations.
"If, as Italo Calvino would say, we live in a culture in which the all-powerful media can do nothing but "transform the world into images, multiplying it in a phantasmagoria of mirror-games images that are mostly destitute of the internal need that should characterize every image," it is left to the sensibility of artists like Gareth Lloyd to invent new forms of the visual apprehension of the present and extract from them an aesthetics of dissent. "
Maria Esther Maciel
"The paintings of Gareth Lloyd make one inescapable demand that the viewer be in their presence. By this I mean that, in an age when mechanical reproduction has given way to the proliferation of digital media, Gareth Lloyd's work needs always to be seen in its original, unmediated state."
Paul Ryan 
Officier de l'Ordre des Arts et des Lettres
"Drawing inspiration from the cinema, his prodigious reading, the connecting points between mythic and representational reality and the seething nucleus of West End energies in which he lives, he is an artist working in his time with an alertness to creating configurative patterns from emerging contemporary myths."
Jeremy Reed (writer)
External links.
Work by Gareth Lloyd
Work with Difference Exchange:
Reviews of Gareth Lloyd's work on Cornermag:
Saatchi Gallery Profile of Gareth Lloyd:

</doc>
<doc id="18472209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472209" title="The Dove (1968 film)">
The Dove (1968 film)

The Dove (De Düva) is a 1968 American short film that humorously parodies the films of Swedish director Ingmar Bergman. The film borrows heavily from the plot lines of some of Bergman's most famous films made before 1968. There is a journey by car back to the location of childhood memories as in "Wild Strawberries". The main characters meet with the shrouded figure of Death as in "The Seventh Seal". The film was directed by George Coe and Anthony Lover. Madeline Kahn made her first film appearance, in a supporting role. The dialogue and voice-over narration are spoken mostly in a heavily accented fictional language, which is mostly English made to sound like Swedish, with many of the nouns ending in "ska". (For example, the subtitled word "eventually" is spoken in dialogue as "sooner or lateska".) There are also a smattering of Yiddish words. The subtitles, which often do not literally match the dialogue, add to the humor.
The film was often shown in repertory film houses as a short feature when Bergman films were on the bill. Audiences frequently did not realize that the short was a comedy until individuals started laughing when they began to understand the fake Swedish. 
Plot.
Victor, a seventy-six year old physics professor traveling by chauffeured car to give a university lecture, decides to visit his boyhood home. In the outhouse, he finds a figurine of a dove which reminds him of a summer picnic from his youth. Later in the flashback, Victor (played by Coe) and his beloved sister Inga run through the woods until they come across Death, who has come to claim Inga. Victor wagers that Death will not win a "badmintonska" (badminton) competition with Inga -- parodying "The Seventh Seal", in which the competition is a game of chess. Death agrees, with the condition that if he wins he will take both Inga and Victor. After Inga wins the competition, thanks in whole or in part to the accidental contribution of the Dove, she and Victor happily run to the lake to go skinny-dipping.

</doc>
<doc id="18472229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472229" title="N37">
N37

N37 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18472244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472244" title="Papuan Grassbird">
Papuan Grassbird

The Papuan Grassbird ("Megalurus macrurus") is a species of typical grassbird in the family Locustellidae. The species was once treated as a several subspecies of the Tawny Grassbird, but the two do not interbreed where their ranges are sympatric. The species is endemic to New Guinea and its satellite islands. There are seven subspecies ranging across montane areas of New Guinea, New Britain and New Ireland. It is a fairly large typical grassbird, long and weighing . 

</doc>
<doc id="18472254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472254" title="Ballygarvan GAA">
Ballygarvan GAA

Ballygarvan GAA is a Gaelic Athletic Association club based in the village of Ballygarvan in south County Cork, Ireland. The club participates in Cork GAA competitions and in Carrigdhoun divisional competitions.
History.
The club was founded in 1863 making it among the oldest GAA clubs in Ireland. It is one of the founding clubs of the Gaelic Athletic Association. The club was also present at the first ever meeting of the Cork GAA county board. In addition, the club played in the first ever contested final of the Cork Senior Hurling Championship final. The clubs grounds are Pairc Liam Mhic Carthaigh (Liam McCarthy Park) and the team wears a red and white strip .The club currently plays Hurling in the Cork Intermediate Hurling Championship and Gaelic Football in the Carrigdhoun division. The club also has a very successful Camogie section. Well known members included Ger Spillane a player with the Cork GAA gaelic football team and winner of a GAA All Stars Awards in 2006 and Stephen White a Cork Hurler.
Achievements.
Highlights in the clubs history include:

</doc>
<doc id="18472260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472260" title="N35">
N35

N35 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18472272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472272" title="Shtula">
Shtula

Shtula (, "lit." Planted) is an moshav in northern Israel. Located in the Upper Galilee near the Lebanese border, it falls under the jurisdiction of Ma'ale Yosef Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 238.
The moshav was established in 1967 by moshav residents from the Galilee as part of Operation Sof Sof, designed to strengthen Jewish presence in the Galilee. Its name is symoblic and has a similar meaning to that of nearby Netu'a.
The village was the site of Hezbollah's initial attack in the 2006 Lebanon War, in which two Israeli soldiers were kidnapped.

</doc>
<doc id="18472285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472285" title="N33">
N33

N33 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18472291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472291" title="Hong Kong Virtual University">
Hong Kong Virtual University

Hong Kong Virtual University (HKVU, 香港虛擬大學), formerly known Cyber University, started in 2001, is one of collaborative programs funded by Restructuring and Collaboration Fund of the University Grants Committee. It aims to provide a virtual campus for Hong Kong tertiary institutions and universities. The students who either study in or will enter these institutions are allowed to take the online courses offered by HKVU. The courses are jointly provided by the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, City University of Hong Kong, Lingnan University, The Hong Kong Institute of Education, and The University of Hong Kong.
These courses cover four areas: general education, information technology, language, and science and education.
History.
The project was initiated by Dr. Pong Ting Chuen (龐鼎全博士) in 2001; he is professor of Computer Science and associate vice-president for Academic Affairs of Hong Kong University of Science and Technology. The project allows gifted and talented students to take university-level courses over the internet, enriches the learning experience of participants and makes a smooth transition from secondary school to university.
Before the project launch, secondary schools were encouraged to apply information technology in education. However, there were many complaints on low performance and low use of facilities. Some schools asked universities for help. A pilot study was started in fall 2000 in which 28 students from three schools participated. Those students were required to attend one of six cyber classrooms in secondary schools. Those courses were delivered through an eLearning Open Platform (eLOP). Those students watched the video lectures, asked instructors questions and performed online tasks over eLOP. After the pilot study, the project gained funding from Quality Education Fund (優質教育基金) of Hong Kong. 
Since 2001, there have been over 100 schools participated in the project such as the Canadian International School, Diocesan Girls' School, King's College, La Salle College, Marymount School, Pui Ching Middle School, St. Paul's Convent School, Wah Yan College, Hong Kong, Wah Yan College, Kowloon.
Programs.
Credit Bearing Program.
Credit Bearing Program is a series of courses for undergraduates from local tertiary institutes, secondary school students, and overseas students. Credit units will be earned after fulfilled the passing requirements including "attendance" of video lectures, certain score obtained from online tests, quizzes, assignment, group discussion, laboratories and examination.
Talented Youth Certificate Program.
Talented Youth Certificate Program is a series of courses mainly for secondary school students, especially talented ones. These courses are developed from regular university courses with less demanding work schedule. These talented youths can explore and develop their own interests. It is also a platform to build up a community of talents in Hong Kong.

</doc>
<doc id="18472296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472296" title="Red Cat Cottage">
Red Cat Cottage

The Red Cat Cottage (formerly Red Cat Inn), a Grade II listed building, is now a residence that sits at the top of Bachelor Gardens in Bilton, a district of Harrogate in North Yorkshire, England.
At the time of Oliver Cromwell this house was an inn that sat on Dragon Lane. The earliest part of the house dates back to the 17th century, whilst the main body was added in the 18th century and the top of the house was built in the 20th century. A red dragon was painted on the outside of the inn as it was known as the Red Dragon. Over the years locals thought the Dragon resembled more of a cat and the Inn became known as the Red Cat. The Red Cat Inn is now known as the Red Cat Cottage and is still a residence to this day.

</doc>
<doc id="18472309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472309" title="All-Union Film Festival">
All-Union Film Festival

The All-Union Film Festival (; tr.:"Vsesoyuznyy kinofestival", also known as ВКФ; "VKF") was one of the most important film festivals of the Soviet Union. It was founded in 1958 and held regularly from 1964-1988. It was held annually from 1972 onwards, and bi-annually before that (before 1964, there were festivals in the years 1958, 1959 and 1960). Its time and location were determined by Goskino and the Union of Soviet Composers.
There were four categories among which prizes were handed out: 

</doc>
<doc id="18472310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472310" title="Diocese of St Helena">
Diocese of St Helena

The Diocese of Saint Helena is an Anglican diocese within the Anglican Church of Southern Africa. It covers the islands of Saint Helena and Ascension in the Atlantic Ocean and was created in 1859. St Paul's Cathedral is on Saint Helena.
History.
On 21 May 1502 an uninhabited island was discovered by the Portuguese admiral, João da Nova. Da Nova anchored in the lee of the island opposite a deep valley. A timber chapel was built in the valley which later became the site of Jamestown. The island was named St Helena. Portugal, Spain, Holland and England all took an interest in the island as a place to refresh ships and sailors on long voyages.
The English Commonwealth under Oliver Cromwell granted a new charter to the East India Company in 1657, which gave the Company the right to fortify and colonise any of its establishments. Because of the strategic importance of St Helena as a fortress and staging post on the way home from India, the Company claimed the Island on 5 May 1659. The building of the fort was commenced immediately. A little town sprang up in the valley with the chapel and was subsequently named Jamestown, after King James II.
In 1671, the East India Company sent the first of a long sequence of Church of England chaplains. The early, modest little church was replaced by a slightly bigger one in 1674, but was only later named St. James church. Another church ("the Country Church") was built shortly afterwards near the present St. Paul's church.
By 1774 the first parish church in Jamestown showed signs of decay, and so finally a new building was erected. St. James' is the oldest surviving Anglican church south of the Equator.
On 7 March 1849 the first Bishop of Cape Town, Robert Gray, arrived to conduct the confirmations on the Island. Bishop Gray made a further two visits in 1852 and 1857. Ten years later, in 1859, the Diocese of St. Helena was established by Queen's Order in Council, and included the islands of Ascension and Tristan da Cunha. Furthermore, until 1869 the diocese also included the British residents of Rio de Janeiro and other towns on the eastern seaboard of South America as well as the Falklands. The first Bishop, Piers Calverley Claughton, was consecrated in Westminster Abbey and arrived later the same year. St Paul's Cathedral, built 1850–51, became the cathedral in 1859.
Following the Zulu War, Chief Dinizulu, son of Cetshwayo kaMpande, and his family were exiled to the Island in 1890 for nine years. Dinizulu became a convert to Christianity and was baptised and confirmed by the Bishop.
In the 1960s, Tristan da Cunha was transferred to the Anglican Diocese of Cape Town. The diocese now consists solely of Saint Helena and Ascension Island.
The diocese is the fourth oldest diocese in the Anglican Church of Southern Africa.
Saint Helena.
There are three parishes on Saint Helena with 12 churches:
The Cathedral Parish of St Paul's which consists of St Paul's Cathedral, and four daughter churches:
The Parish of St James. St James' Church in Jamestown is the oldest Anglican Church in the southern hemisphere, the present building was put up in 1774. There are 3 daughter churches:
The Parish of St Matthew: St Matthew in Hutt's Gate with one daughter church,
Ascension Island.
There is one Parish on Ascension Island, with one church – St Mary's which is in Georgetown.
The cornerstone of St Mary's church was laid by Mrs. Dwyer, wife of the Commandant, on 6 September 1843. The following year the first Royal Navy Chaplain arrived, the Rev George Bellamy. The main body of the church was completed in 1846, making it the second oldest existing Anglican church in the Diocese, second only to St James church on St. Helena.
Bishop Piers Calverley Claughton arrived on H.M.S. Buffalo in 1861 to consecrate the church and conduct a confirmation service. The old pulpit and reading desk was removed in 1870, during the time of Rev J.T. Westroff and replaced with a lectern. The pews were also replaced with open seats and an altar, with rails was installed. Two years later, the Revd. George C Waller added a seat in the chancel. Between 1879–1880 restoration work was undertaken under the auspices of Captain A.G. Roe. A chancel was also added. Over the next two decades, a new organ was installed, the chancel was paved with tessellated pavement, the present brass lectern replaced the old one, a new stained glass East window was installed, and an oak litany desk was donated. On Easter Day in 1900 a stone font was presented by the congregation and placed at the entrance to the church.
Royal Navy chaplains presiding at the church came to an end in 1905 when the Garrison was reduced to 120. The Bishops paid twice yearly visits and Sunday worship was led by lay people licensed by the Bishop. The Royal Naval Garrison was finally withdrawn in 1922. Ascension Island became a dependency of the Colony of St Helena a status it would maintain until 2009. From 1966 onwards, with Revd John Crawford appointed as the first vicar of St Mary's, the Bishops of St Helena appointed vicars to take care of the parish. In 1968, Crawford raised £3,000 (almost £70,000 as of 2010) for the reconstruction of the church, which still stands at Georgetown. He held his last service on Ascension Day of 1969 before returning to Halifax, West Yorkshire where he died on 28 December 1972, aged 54.

</doc>
<doc id="18472315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472315" title="Spanish destroyer Sánchez Barcáiztegui">
Spanish destroyer Sánchez Barcáiztegui

Sánchez Barcáiztegui was a "Churruca"-class destroyer of the Spanish Republican Navy. She took part in the Spanish Civil War on the side of the government of the Second Spanish Republic.
She was named in honor of Victoriano Sánchez Barcáiztegui, a Spanish Navy "Teniente de Navío" (lieutenant) who took part in the Battle of Callao and was killed in action in the Battle of Motrico during the Third Carlist War.
Service history.
Pre-Spanish Civil War.
"Barcáiztegui" was launched in Cartagena, Spain in 1926 and commissioned in 1928. She was anchored in Barcelona harbor in 1934, during which time she served as the prison for Manuel Azaña after the Asturian uprising.
Spanish Civil War.
Following the coup of July 1936, the captain took the side of the Nationalists and rebelled, but the crew remained loyal to the Second Spanish Republic and they took over the ship.
"Sánchez Barcáiztegui" took first part in the blockade of the Gibraltar Strait, then joined a Spanish Republican Navy task force led by the battleship that included cruisers and , destroyers , , , , , , , and three "C"-class submarines. This fleet entered the Cantabrian Sea where Spanish Republican Army troops were isolated from the remaining Republican-controlled territories. All ships, except "Ciscar", which had been requisitioned by the Basque Auxiliary Navy, "Jose Luis Diez", two "C"- and two "B"-class submarines, returned to the Mediterranean Sea.
"Sánchez Barcáiztegui" took part in the Battle of Cape Palos where she, together with "Almirante Antequera" and "Lepanto", engaged the cruiser , firing four torpedoes. "Sánchez Barcáiztegui" was awarded the "Distintivo de Madrid along with other vessels. 
On 5 March 1939, "Sánchez Barcáíztegui" was seriously damaged by a bomb after being attacked by five Nationalist Savoia-Marchetti SM.79s medium bombers; the attack also damaged destroyers "Alcalá Galiano" and "Lazaga".
Post-war.
"Barcáiztegui" was refloated in 1940, repaired by the Nationalists, and recommissioned, serving until decommissioned in 1964. She was scrapped in 1965.

</doc>
<doc id="18472323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472323" title="Offenburger FV">
Offenburger FV

Offenburger FV is a German association football club based in the city of Offenburg, Baden-Württemberg. The club is one of the most successful amateur football clubs in Germany.
History.
Early years.
The club was formed on 20 July 1907 under the name of FC 1907 Offenburg in what was then the Grand duchy of Baden. In its first couple of seasons, the club played mostly against teams from the other side of the river Rhine. The Alsace (German: "Elsaß") region was then part of Imperial Germany. The "FK Neudorf", now the Racing Club Strasbourg, was one of those teams.
It merged in February 1913 with the FV 1910 Offenburg to form the current Ofenburger FV 1907. In October of the same year, the club moved to its new home ground "Stegermatt" which it would remain at until completion of its current stadium in 1958.
With the beginning of the First World War, the club had to cease playing games for the time but was able to reform a team in 1915 with the help of local soldiers. In 1916, the club won its first local title, winning the "Oberrheingau" championship. As the war continued, young students took the place of the soldiers who were send to the front line and eventually, football ceased to be played completely. The club suffered its own share of loses during the war with 22 of its members not returning from the battle fields.
1919 to 1933.
Late in the year 1918, the club reformed its team and was able to reenter competitive football in early 1919. The "OFV" played in the "A-Klasse Oberrheingau", the second tier of football in the region. The club played an epic decider for promotion on 28 March 1920, losing to SC Freiburg 1–2 after a game that lasted for 204 minutes, until Freiburg scored the winning goal.
For the 1920–21 season, the club entered the "A-Klasse Schwarzwaldgau" for the first time and won the championship in this league in its first season. In the following promotion round, the club finished second and moved up a level. In the strong "Kreisliga Südwest", the club was unable to succeed against clubs like Freiburger FC and Phönix Karlsruhe and was immediately relegated again.
Despite this reverse, the club opened a new grandstand at its home ground in October 1922.
Due to a reorganisation of the league system, the "OFV" found itself in a new league, the tier-II "Befähigungsliga Baden", for the 1922–23 season. Above it was now the "Bezirksliga Baden" as the highest tier of football in the state. The club finished second-last in its first season and narrowly avoided relegation.
In January 1923, the region was occupied by France, following Germany's failure and inability to meet reparation payments. Due to heavy restrictions on local travel by the French authorities, the club's participation in football games was severely handicapped and most of its home games had to be played away. Despite this, the club finished fifth in its league in 1923–24.
The French troops left Offenburg soon after in 1924 and football was able to be played under more regular circumstances again. This showed in the club's performance, winning the "Kreisliga Südbaden" and earning the right to participate in the promotion round, where the club finished last. The following season, the club came second in its league, behind the relegated SC Freiburg. In the 1926–27 season, the league was split and the "OFV" did not have to compete with the stronger clubs from Freiburg and the league championship could be won once more. Despite an average performance in the following promotion round, the club was elevated to the "Bezirksliga Württemberg-Baden" thanks to another reorganisation of the league system, whereby the league was split into a "Baden" and a "Württemberg" division.
Back in first division football, the "OFV" fared quite well and finished fourth out of eight teams in the league. In 1928, the club hired Fritz Kläger as its long-term manager, he would coach the "OFV" uninterrupted until 1944 and again, after returning from the war, for another five years. The following season, however, was a disaster, with the Offenburger FV coming last and being relegated once more.
The club entered the 1929–30 season with a severely reorganised team and was in contention for the "Kreisliga" championship all season, eventually only falling to the local rival Kehler FV in a decider. 1930–31 saw almost a repeat of the previous season, only this time the "OFV" remained victorious against Kehl and qualified for the promotion round. Having archived "Bezirksliga" qualification already, the club was nevertheless forced to play a decider against the last-placed team of the "Bezirksliga", the Freiburger FC. While the first game ended in a draw, the replay was won by the "FFC" and Offenburg had to remain in the second division.
In 1931–32, the club finally succeeded in its attempt to return to the highest league in Baden. After winning the "Kreisliga" once more, the "OFV" also finished on top of the six-team promotion round. In the "Bezirksliga Baden", the club found live much harder and immediate relegation followed with a last-place finish.
1933 to 1945.
With the Nazis' rise to power, football was once more reorganised in Germany. In place of the "Bezirksliga Baden", the Gauliga Baden was established as the highest local football competition. The "OFV" was not part of this league in 1933, instead it entered the new "Bezirksliga Oberbaden", the local second division.
The Nazis outlawed all sport and football clubs with connections to the workers movement or other organisations they saw as a thread and the local clubs SC 1929 Offenburg and DJK Offenburg were disbanded, adding a number of good players to the "OFV" line-up. The club won its local division in 1933–34 but lost to the FC 08 Villingen in the deciders for the "Oberbaden" championship. The following season went under similar circumstances, local champions but failing in the regional championship.
The 1935–36 season was not a success for the club and a fourth place was below the standards of the "OFV", with the Kehler FV taking out the championship instead.
The year 1936 also saw an increase in influence for the Nazis in the club with the chairman Otto Eichin being replaced by the local Nazi propaganda leader (German: "Kreispopagandaleiter") Philipp Nünlist.
Starting as favorites in the 1936–37 season, the club was haunted by injuries all year and in the end only finished second, to the Kehler FV once more. The season after, the club fulfilled its potential, took out the "Bezirksliga" championship and gained promotion to the "Gauliga Baden".
The club had a flying start to the new "Gauliga" season but then injuries once more ruined its season and a last place finish was all it could archive. Relegation could only be avoided due to the outbreak of the Second World War. The "Gauliga Baden" was split into four regional groups in the 1939–40 season and play was hardly representative with a large number of players having to join the "Wehrmacht" and being unavailable for most league games.
The "OFV" continued its existence in the second-tier "Bezirksliga Freiburg" from 1940, playing local and military sides in ever increasing difficulties, caused by the war. By late 1944, the club was unable to continue regular football games.
1945 to 1963.
The town of Offenburg became part of the French occupation zone after the Second World War and this meant, like for the whole "Südbaden" region, a separation from the northern half of the state, which was part of the US zone.
The players of the former Offenburger FV slowly reformed its football team in 1945. The club itself was reformed in March 1946 but, due to an order issued by the French authorities in the previous month, could not play under its old name. Instead, the "Offenburger Spiel Vereinigung" was formed in June 1945 and took part in the southern group of the tier-one Oberliga Südwest. Players from the former local rival, Kehler FV, joined the Offenburg side because the town of Kehl was under direct French administration and had to be evacuated.
The 1947–48 season became the to-date most successful one for the club, a second place in its group, one point behind Fortuna Rastatt, who qualified to play the 1. FC Kaiserslautern for the south western championship. Offenburg still qualified to play the TuS Neuendorf for a place in the German championship but lost both games. The club was lead once more by its manager Fritz Kläger, who had just returned from the war.
The following season saw a loss of many of the club's best players and its coach. Not surprisingly, the team came second-last in 1948–49 and only the upsizing of the number of teams in the league from 12 to 16 saved the club from relegation. The year 1949 also saw the old grandstand burning down, which also caused the loss of many documents related to the early years of the club.
The 1949–50 season, the last for the club as a first division outfit, saw it struggle again. Only when the former Polish and German international Ernst Willimowski joined the side did things improve but again only an eleventh place finish was possible. The league system in the south of Baden was heavily reorganised after this season and all clubs now fell under the Southern German football association again. The southern group of the "Oberliga Südwest" was disbanded, its top teams either entered the tier-one Oberliga Süd or tier-two 2nd Oberliga Süd. For the majority of clubs however, it meant a drop to the tier-three Amateurliga Südbaden, including the Offenburger FV, which was now permitted to return to its old name since May 1950. The SC 1929 Offenburg became independent again in October 1950.
The "OFV" was to remain in the "Amateurliga Südbaden" for the remainder of the league's existence until 1978 and then continued on in the Oberliga Baden-Württemberg until its relegation in 1991, making it 41 seasons as a third division outfit.
In 1952, the club won its first of nine titles in the "Amateurliga". While the team would have earned the right to compete in the qualification round to the "2nd Oberliga", the club decided the financial strain was to much and declined. The next season, the club won its league again and this time competed in the promotion round. However, it was not clear whether it would accept promotion if archived and this may have negatively influenced the players, a fourth place finish being the result. The club remained in the "Amateurliga".
A third title in a row was won in 1954 but in the promotion round the "OFV" failed again, with another fourth place finish. The 1954–55 season saw a rebuilding of the team with a sixth place finish and the retirement of long-time manager Fritz Kläger. In 1957, the club stood on top again, equal on points to the FC Konstanz, but lost the decider for the championship 0–3.
Another championship followed in 1957–58, with another repeat of the club's failure in the promotion round. The season after, the club was without debt for the first time in a decade but could only finish fourth in the "Amateurliga". The fifth title followed in 1960 and promotion was now only narrowly missed by a point, the closest the club had come to it so far.
In 1960–61 the "OFV" became the first team to win the Südbaden cup and league in the same year. The promotion round to the "2nd Oberliga" was again a failure but the club was almost offered a second chance when the DFB initially refused a licence to the better placed teams and the "OFV" had the opportunity to win promotion in a decider played with the second placed team from the other group, which it lost. The club also took part in the DFB Pokal, the German Cup, where it lost 0–4 to VfB Stuttgart.
The 1961–62 season was the worst for the club in the "Amateurliga" so far, only finishing ninth. The following season saw a return to better times with a second place in the league. At the end of the 1962–63 season, German football was reorganised and the "Fußball-Bundesliga" was established. Below it, in the south of Germany, the "Regionalliga Süd" replaced the "2nd Oberliga". For the "OFV", this meant no change, it remained in the "Amateurliga".
1963 to 1991.
The new era begun for the club with top-four finishes but no championship, only in 1967 did the club win another Südbaden title. The club came close to gaining promotion to the "Regionalliga", too, having to play a decider in Pforzheim against the TSG Backnang, which the team lost 0–1 in front of 10,000 spectators.
The club continued to archive top-four finishes in the next three seasons but dropped to eleventh place in 1971, something of a disgrace for the otherwise so successful amateur side. The following two seasons, the club was back in the top-five again. Another championship was won in 1974, but it did not allow the "OFV" to play for promotion, due to changes in the league system, now amateur team could be promoted that season.
The club won its last "Amateurliga Südbaden" title in 1975, it was also the last time to date for the "OFV" to have won a third division title. It was also the hardest earned title for the club, having to play in a league with all the great names of Südbaden football, SC Freiburg, FC Rastat 04, FC 08 Villingen, FC Konstanz and Freiburger FC, which finished in this order behind the "OFV". The club also scored 114 goals that season. In the promotion round, now to the "2nd Bundesliga Süd", the club finished second to the SSV Reutlingen and missed out on promotion again.
With the decision in autumn 1976, to establish the "Amateur Oberliga Baden-Württemberg" as the united third division for the state of Baden-Württemberg from 1978, the club began aiming for this goal, which required a top-five finish in the 1977–78 season. The "OFV" missed this goal by a point and finished in sixth place, but the club was fortunate, because the 1. FC Nuremberg won promotion to the "Bundesliga" which meant, an additional place in the "2nd Bundesliga Süd" became available, which was taken up by the SC Freiburg. In turn, the Offenburger FV received Freiburgs place in the "Oberliga".
In the new "Oberliga Baden-Württemberg", the team earned respectable results, finishing in the top-six in the first four seasons. In 1982–83, the club finished runners-up to the SSV Ulm 1846 and qualified for the German amateur championship. The club had no success there but due to a regional Cup win was qualified to play in the first round of the "DFB Pokal", where they lost 1–4 to Werder Bremen.
With Ulm promoted, the "OFV" was seen as the favorite for the 1983–84 season, but finished second to the Freiburger FC in the end. This earned them another shot at the amateur championship, which they finally won at home on 16 June 1984, when SC Eintracht Hamm was defeated 4–1 in front of 10,000 spectators. The season after, the club came only fourth and in 1985–86, it even had to struggle against relegation, finishing tenth in the end.
The "OFV" finished second in the "Oberliga" for a third time in 1987, this time being only one point behind the SV Sandhausen. In the amateur championship, the club got knocked out in the semi-finals. It was somewhat of an end to an era, from then on, the club declined.
In the 1987–88 season, Offenburg hosted Borussia Dortmund in a first-round cup match and archived an amazing three-all draw, coming from behind three times. In the rematch in Dortmund, the club lost 0–5, not unexpectedly. The league season 1987–88 was a disappointment however, with the club having to successfully fight of relegation. The two seasons after, it managed to finish in the top-six once more.
The 1990–91 season was the expected hard ride, with many of the best players having left the club and no real adequate replacement having been found. The club struggled all season in the relegation zone, never left it and found itself dropping down to the "Verbandsliga Südbaden" at the end of it. It was the first relegation in the post-Second World War era and 42 years as a third division outfit came to an end.
1991 to current.
The club struggled to establish itself in the fourth division, archiving moderate ninth places in its first two seasons. The decline was partly to blame on a lack of interest on the side of the spectators and financial difficulties on the side of the club. The club fell deeper into debt, was close to folding at some stage and instead of archiving the hoped for return to the "Oberliga", it fell a level lower to the "Landesliga", in 1994.
The Offenburger FV spent seven seasons in the "Landesliga", a league it found difficult to get promoted from, despite good results. In 1996, the "OFV" finished second and failed in the promotion relegation once more. But the club's troubles continued, having to withdraw its reserve team from competition for the first time, due to a lack of players.
The year 1997 became something of a turning point for the struggling club. In a general meeting of the Offenburger FV on 15 August 1997, a one-off payment from every club member was approved, to pay off the debt, which was archived by 1999. The 1997–98 team saw itself mostly made up from local players who came up through the youth ranks. The club continued to aim for promotion but failed, largely due to the fact that it had no reserve team to back up the first eleven when players were injured. In 2001, another "Landesliga" runners-up finish saw the club for once succeeding in promotion matches and it won its first post-Second World War promotion.
In the next seven "Verbandsliga" seasons, the club finished in the top-six every year, coming second in 2004 and 2007 but failing in the promotion round both years. It is however doubtful, whether the club would have been ready for the "Oberliga", as it continued to struggle financially.
The 2007–08 season did finally bring back long missing success to the club, the first Südbaden league title since 1975 and promotion to the "Oberliga", which now was only the fifth division in German football. "OFV" had a disappointing season there, finishing last and being relegated back to the Verbandsliga.
After two seasons at this level, "OFV" returned to the Oberliga in 2011, where it lasted until 2013, when the club was relegated back to the Verbandsliga Südbaden again.
International players.
The following former internationals have played for the "OFV" in the later stages of their career:
Reserve team.
The "Offenburger FV II", in its better days, spent six seasons in the "Verbandsliga Südbaden", which it finally got relegated from in 1990. After a time, were the club had no reserve side at all, the team has returned to some success, winning the " Kreisliga B Offenburg, Staffel IV" in 2008 and gaining promotion to the "Kreisliga A Offenburg, Staffel Nord".
Youth team.
The Under-19 side of the club (German: "A-Jugend") competet in the "Under 19 Bundesliga South-Southwest" in 2007–08, having gained promotion from the "Oberliga" the year before. The team finished thirteens out of fourteen teams and was relegated, Nevertheless, it is a strong performance when one considers that almost all other sides at this level are youth teams of professional clubs, like VfB Stuttgart and Bayern Munich.
Honours.
The club's honours:
Recent managers.
Recent managers of the club:
Recent seasons.
The recent season-by-season performance of the club:
Stadium.
The club's ground, the "Karl-Heitz-Stadion", is a pure football stadium, something of a rarity for clubs at this level who usually play in multi-functional stadiums. The stadium was built in 1957–58 and modernised in 2001–02. It holds 15,000 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="18472346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472346" title="C. Y. Tung Maritime Museum">
C. Y. Tung Maritime Museum

The C. Y. Tung Maritime Museum (董浩云航运博物馆 Dǒng Hàoyún Hángyùn Bówùguǎn) is located in the Shanghai Jiao Tong University in Shanghai, China.
Overview.
The museum houses the Chinese Maritime History Gallery and the C. Y. Tung Gallery. The former contains a permanent exhibition of maps, photographs, archival material, maritime trade routes and their artifacts, reflecting China's maritime history since the Neolithic period. The latter portrays the Chinese shipping magnate C. Y. Tung. Especially remarkable is the large collection of ship models ranging from Zheng He's treasure ship to the world largest ship, the Seawise Giant.
Location.
The C. Y. Tung Maritime Museum is located in the Xuhui campus of Shanghai Jiao Tong University. The two-story, western-style building with a central courtyard was built 1910, serving as a student residence. The total exhibition space is .

</doc>
<doc id="18472356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472356" title="JSW">
JSW

JSW may refer to:
JSw energy is one of the Power sectore company and hope they will be the leaders the sector.

</doc>
<doc id="18472383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472383" title="Thomas Norton (disambiguation)">
Thomas Norton (disambiguation)

Thomas Norton may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18472419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472419" title="Shane O'Neill (disambiguation)">
Shane O'Neill (disambiguation)

Shane O'Neill may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18472424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472424" title="Cełujki">
Cełujki

Cełujki (, "Tsiluyky") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Podlaska, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Biała Podlaska and north of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472425" title="Cicibór Duży">
Cicibór Duży

Cicibór Duży (, "Tsytsibir Velykyy") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Podlaska, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Biała Podlaska and north of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 540.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472426" title="Autonomica">
Autonomica

Autonomica Ab is a fully owned subsidiary of NetNod that operates several critical infrastructure pieces on the Internet.
History.
Autonomica was founded in 1998, as a subsidiary to NetNod. The Swedish Operator Forum had for a while been discussing extending the operations of NetNod to include common infrastructure services, as well as taking on staff. It was decided that NetNod would form a separate entity for the operation of the Internet Exchange Point and that that would also be chartered to do research in Internet Technology with a main focus on DNS. Autonomica was set up with three staff, one responsible for co-ordination of the operation of the IXes and two that were moved from the Royal Institute of Technology in Stockholm. It was also agreed between the Swedish University Network SUNET, and Autonomica that Autonomica would take over the responsibility for running the i.root-servers.net. In addition to that, Autonomica was also to operate the .SE slave servers at each of the four original Netnod Exchanges. 
As Netnod's parent is a non-for profit foundation, so Autonomica. All surplus will be handed to the foundation to be used as grants for "good for the Internet" projects.
Research.
Autonomica was originally to focus on "research". The work came to focus on what can best be described as engineering and applied research, as often is the case with Internet related technology, such as the work in the IETF. Autonomica staff has since the start been very active in the IETF and among other things co-chaired the IETF DNSOP working group, multi6 working group (now closed), shim6 working group and the v6ops working group. Autonomica staff has also served on the IAB. The work done by Autonomica has mainly focused on DNSSEC and Autonomica staff has written many Internet Drafts and RFCs on DNSSEC issues and deployability. Recently a lot of work and presentations has been done on the topic of deploying IPv6 in production environment. 
Autonomica staff are also frequently involved in presenting and chairing sessions in operational conferences such as RIPE, APRICOT /APNIC, SANOG, MENOG and Nanog. Autonomica has also helped run several workshops and initiatives among the Swedish Operators.
Services.
Autonomica provides several for free services for the good of the Internet, such as i.root-servers.net, one of the 13 Root-servers, and NTP servers tied to UTC. Autonomica also finances its operation by sharing the platform used for Anycast of the i.root-servers.net with several TLDs that make use of the platform.

</doc>
<doc id="18472427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472427" title="Cicibór Mały">
Cicibór Mały

Cicibór Mały (, "Tsytsibir Malyy") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Podlaska, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Biała Podlaska and north of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472428" title="Czosnówka">
Czosnówka

Czosnówka (, "Chasnivka") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Podlaska, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Biała Podlaska and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 700.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472430" title="Dokudów Drugi">
Dokudów Drugi

Dokudów Drugi (, "Dokudiv Druhyy") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Podlaska, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472431" title="Dokudów Pierwszy">
Dokudów Pierwszy

Dokudów Pierwszy (, "Dokudiv Pershyy") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Podlaska, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Biała Podlaska and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 252.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472433" title="Grabanów">
Grabanów

Grabanów (, "Hrabaniv") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Podlaska, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Biała Podlaska and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 270.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472435" title="Grabanów-Kolonia">
Grabanów-Kolonia

Grabanów-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Podlaska, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472439" title="Hola, Biała Podlaska County">
Hola, Biała Podlaska County

Hola (, "Holia") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Podlaska, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472440" title="Stagmomantis">
Stagmomantis

Stagmomantis is a genus consisting of 27 species of mantises native to the Americas. There are 7 species of "Stagmomantis" native to the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18472441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472441" title="Husinka">
Husinka

Husinka (, "Husynka") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Podlaska, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Biała Podlaska and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472446" title="Janówka, Gmina Biała Podlaska">
Janówka, Gmina Biała Podlaska

Janówka (, "Yanivka") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Podlaska, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472454" title="Jaźwiny, Lublin Voivodeship">
Jaźwiny, Lublin Voivodeship

Jaźwiny (, "Yazvyny") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Podlaska, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Biała Podlaska and north of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472460" title="Julków, Lublin Voivodeship">
Julków, Lublin Voivodeship

Julków (, "Yul’kiv") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Podlaska, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Biała Podlaska and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472461" title="Kaliłów">
Kaliłów

Kaliłów (, "Kalyliv") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Podlaska, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Biała Podlaska and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472464" title="Kamieniczne">
Kamieniczne

Kamieniczne is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Podlaska, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
The village has a population of 10.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472465" title="Krzymowskie">
Krzymowskie

Krzymowskie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Podlaska, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Biała Podlaska and north of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 200.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472467" title="Lisy, Lublin Voivodeship">
Lisy, Lublin Voivodeship

Lisy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Podlaska, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472470" title="Łukowce">
Łukowce

Łukowce (, "Lukivtsi") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Podlaska, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Biała Podlaska and north of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472474" title="Młyniec">
Młyniec

Młyniec may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18472479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472479" title="Młyniec, Lublin Voivodeship">
Młyniec, Lublin Voivodeship

Młyniec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Podlaska, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472483" title="Nowy Sławacinek">
Nowy Sławacinek

Nowy Sławacinek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Podlaska, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Biała Podlaska and north of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has an approximate population of 300.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472485" title="Ogrodniki">
Ogrodniki

Ogrodniki may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18472487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472487" title="Ogrodniki, Gmina Biała Podlaska">
Ogrodniki, Gmina Biała Podlaska

Ogrodniki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Podlaska, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
The village has a population of 90.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472490" title="Ortel Książęcy Drugi">
Ortel Książęcy Drugi

Ortel Książęcy Drugi is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Podlaska, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472492" title="Ortel Książęcy Pierwszy">
Ortel Książęcy Pierwszy

Ortel Książęcy Pierwszy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Podlaska, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Biała Podlaska and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 140.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472493" title="Perkowice">
Perkowice

Perkowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Podlaska, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Biała Podlaska and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472494" title="2008–09 FC Bayern Munich season">
2008–09 FC Bayern Munich season

FC Bayern Munich made few squad changes for the 2008–09 season. With captain Oliver Kahn retiring and coach Ottmar Hitzfeld leaving to coach the Swiss national team, the team leaders had to be replaced. Jürgen Klinsmann was appointed as new coach as announced in December 2007. In August 2008, Klinsmann announced that Mark van Bommel would succeed Kahn as captain. Klinsmann was sacked in April 2009 when the club officials saw the club's minimum aim, qualification for the Champions League, in jeopardy after a string of games in which Bayern underperformed. Jupp Heynckes was appointed as caretaker manager.
Course of the season.
Preseason.
With Ottmar Hitzfeld not available for another season, Bayern announced in December 2007 that they had signed former Bayern player and recent manager of the German national team Jürgen Klinsmann as head coach for the 2008–09 season. Oliver Kahn had even before the 2007–08 season announced that this would be his last season as a player. He was replaced by former reserve goalkeeper Michael Rensing, whose spot was taken by the newly signed Hans-Jörg Butt. 2nd reserve goalkeeper Bernd Dreher had also retired and was replaced by the amateur Thomas Kraft. Reserve strikers Jan Schlaudraff (to Hannover 96) and Sandro Wagner (to MSV Duisburg) left the club, but found no replacements. After being loaned out for two seasons, midfielder Julio dos Santos left the club for good. The only field player added to the squad was Tim Borowski, who came from Werder Bremen. All changes were made before the Euro 2008. After the tournament, Bayern announced that they would make no further squad changes.
Training for the 2008–09 season began on 30 June 2008. Several players were still on vacation due to the Euro 2008 and Franck Ribéry was missing due to injury. After a 45-minute in-training test against their own amateurs, the first official test was won at SV Lippstadt 7–1. Further tests on 19 July in Nördlingen and 20 July in Amberg were won 8–0 and 11–1. The T-Home Supercup against Borussia Dortmund marked the first loss of the season (1–2). After a goalless draw at 1. FC Köln on 26 July Bayern went to Japan for a guestplay at Urawa Red Diamonds, beating the host 4–2. On 5 August Bayern hosted Internazionale in the Franz Beckenbauer Cup for the final test before the regular season and was defeated by Inter 1–0.
August.
On 8 August Klinsmann announced that Mark van Bommel would succeed Oliver Kahn as captain. Two days later, in the first cup match, third league club Rot-Weiß Erfurt provided unexpected difficulties for the Bayern as the club went to catch up on a Bayern lead three times, before having to concede to Bayern's fourth goal. In the opening game of the Bundesliga season 2008–09 hosted Hamburg. As Hamburg caught up from two goals behind, the game ended 2–2, leaving HSV yet unbeaten in the Allianz-Arena. After another draw at Dortmund the succeeding week brought two squad changes for Munich as Jansen decided to leave Bayern for Hamburg and Massimo Oddo was loaned out from Milan. The first league victory followed against Berlin, 4–1.
September.
Victories at Köln in the league and Steaua Bucureşti in the Champions League were followed up with a 2–5 loss at home against rival Werder Bremen and another away at Hannover 96 (0–1) on 27 September. Three days later, Bayern were held to 1–1 draw at home by Lyon in Champions League group play.
October.
On 4 October, Bayern drew level with VfL Bochum, despite leading 3–1 with just seven minutes left in regulation. However, goals in the 84th and 85th minutes saw Marcel Koller's men leave the Allianz with a point. A few days later Bayern lost a friendly at Ingolstadt 04 but proceeded to win all other games in the month, including the Champions League home game against Fiorentina.
November.
After a victory at home against Arminia Bielefeld Bayern drew level in the Champions League at Fiorentina on 1 November. The following victory against Steaua Bucureşti on 25 November qualified Bayern for the single elimination stage. In the Bundesliga away matches at Schalke 04 and Borussia Mönchengladbach followed. While Bayern defeated rival Schalke Bayern drew at Mönchengladbach, for the third time this season not winning against them, despite having led by two goals. The games at home against Energie Cottbus and away at Bayer Leverkusen were also won.
December / January.
On the 16th day of play, Bayern defeated current leader 1899 Hoffenheim, thus coming very close to the top of the standings. The final match of the Champions League group stage was also won at Lyon, completing Bayern's best performance in the group stage. A draw at VfB Stuttgart was Bayern's final game before the winter break. Coincidentally Stuttgart was also Bayern's first opponent after the break. While Bayern won this cup game 5–1 away the first league match was lost at Hamburg 0–1.
February.
After winning at home against Borussia Dortmund, Bayern lost their next two games at Berlin, that thereby took the lead in the league, and at home against newly promoted Köln. A 5–0 victory in the Champions League at Sporting CP was the final game of the month.
March.
After a draw in the league at Bremen Bayern was eliminated from the cup by Bayer Leverkusen. Munich won all other games in the month, including a 7–1 in the 2nd leg against Sporting, thus achieving a record aggregate of 12–1.
April.
After 5–1 defeat in the league at Wolfsburg, a direct rival for the championship, Bayern suffered another severe loss (4–0) at the hands of FC Barcelona. Bayern held Barcelona to a draw in the second leg a week later but was elimininated from the competition nevertheless. In the league Munich managed to win against underdogs Frankfurt and Bielefeld, but a home defeat at the hands of Schalke led to the dismissal of coach Klinsmann. The club appointed Jupp Heynckes as caretaker coach and Hermann Gerland as assistant caretaker coach.
May.
Bayern won their first three games under Heynckes as coach, defeating Mönchengladbach, Cottbus, and Leverkusen. A draw at Hoffenheim led to a delicate situation before the last game: Second-place Bayern hosted third-place Stuttgart. While the winner of the match would be qualified for the Champions League, and even win the championship if Wolfsburg lost, the loser would probably fall to the fourth place, thus not qualifying for the Champions League at all. As fourth-place Berlin lost and Wolfsburg won, the game eventually just decided that Bayern would go to the Champions League directly while Stuttgart would go to the qualification. The season concluded with four friendly games at Kaufbeuren, Eichstätt, Magdeburg, and Sittard, which Munich won all.
Bundesliga.
Bayern hosted Hamburg in the opener of the 46th Bundesliga season on 15 August 2008. On the last day of play on 23 May 2009 they won against Stuttgart, thus finishing second in the league. The second place qualified Bayern for the UEFA Champions League 2009–10.
DFB-Pokal.
In the first round of the cup Bayern faced Rot-Weiß Erfurt. The east Germans from the third tier were able to equalize three times before finally succumbing to Bayern. A victory at home against second-tier Nuremberg followed. In the third round Bayern managed one of their best performances of the season, winning 5–1 at Stuttgart, but they lost in the next round to Bayer Leverkusen.
Champions League.
Bayern's Champions League season started on 17 September at Bucharest. The other group rivals were Lyon and Fiorentina. They finished the group stage undefeated in first place and put away Sporting CP on a record margin in the first knockout round, but were not match for Barcelona in the quarter-final. Club officials spoke of a "massive humiliation" and being "taken apart" after the 0–4 in the first leg.
Friendly.
T-Home-Supercup.
The League Cup was not held this season. Instead Bayern and Dortmund played out the unofficial T-Home-Supercup with Bayern losing 1–2.
Franz Beckenbauer Cup.
Bayer invited Internazionale for the Franz Beckenbauer Cup 2009, but lost 0–1 to the guests from Italy.
Players.
Squad information.
These stats are as 25 May 2009, the final day of the 2008–09 Bundesliga season.
Transfers in.
Total spending: €0.0 million
Transfers out.
Total income: €10.1 million
Reserve team.
Bayern's reserve team finished 5th in the 3. Liga. They were coached by Hermann Gerland, until April, when Mehmet Scholl took over.

</doc>
<doc id="18472495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472495" title="Pojelce">
Pojelce

Pojelce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Podlaska, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472499" title="Pólko, Biała Podlaska County">
Pólko, Biała Podlaska County

Pólko is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Podlaska, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472500" title="Porosiuki">
Porosiuki

Porosiuki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Podlaska, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Biała Podlaska and north of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472502" title="Rakowiska, Lublin Voivodeship">
Rakowiska, Lublin Voivodeship

Rakowiska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Podlaska, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Biała Podlaska and north of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has an approximate population of 600.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472504" title="Roskosz">
Roskosz

Roskosz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Podlaska, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472505" title="Artis Lane">
Artis Lane

Artis Lane is a Black Canadian sculptor and painter. She is an immigrant from Ontario, Canada, and was born and raised in a community populated by the descendants of slaves who came to Canada on the Underground Railroad.
The "St. James Guide to Black Artists" describes Artis Lane's sculpture as "primarily concerned with portraying what she sees as enduring spiritual truths. These truths are that the growth of spiritual awareness is continuous and that nobody ever arrives at perfection. In addition, spiritual awareness connects humans with a universal force." 
Her commissions include a series of bronze portraits for the Soul Train Awards, a bronze portrait of Rosa Parks for the Smithsonian Institution and designing the original logo for the Dance Theatre of Harlem. She has made sculptures of prominent people as former President George H. W. Bush, Bill Cosby, Walter Annenberg, Michael Jordan, Gordon Getty, Nelson Mandela and Henry Kissinger.

</doc>
<doc id="18472506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472506" title="Sitnik">
Sitnik

Sitnik is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Podlaska, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Biała Podlaska and north of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472507" title="Stary Sławacinek">
Stary Sławacinek

Stary Sławacinek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Podlaska, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Biała Podlaska and north of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has an approximate population of 1,000.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472508" title="Styrzyniec">
Styrzyniec

Styrzyniec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Podlaska, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Biała Podlaska and north of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472509" title="N61">
N61

N61 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18472510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472510" title="Surmacze">
Surmacze

Surmacze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Podlaska, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Biała Podlaska and north of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472512" title="Swory">
Swory

Swory is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Podlaska, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Biała Podlaska and north of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472516" title="Sycyna, Lublin Voivodeship">
Sycyna, Lublin Voivodeship

Sycyna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Podlaska, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Biała Podlaska and north of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 136.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472520" title="Terebela">
Terebela

Terebela is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Podlaska, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Biała Podlaska and north of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 300.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472523" title="Wilczyn, Lublin Voivodeship">
Wilczyn, Lublin Voivodeship

Wilczyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Podlaska, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Biała Podlaska and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 130.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472530" title="Wólka Plebańska, Lublin Voivodeship">
Wólka Plebańska, Lublin Voivodeship

Wólka Plebańska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Podlaska, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Biała Podlaska and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472533" title="Woroniec, Biała Podlaska County">
Woroniec, Biała Podlaska County

Woroniec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Podlaska, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Biała Podlaska and north of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has an approximate population of 420.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472534" title="Woskrzenice Duże">
Woskrzenice Duże

Woskrzenice Duże is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Podlaska, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472535" title="Woskrzenice Małe">
Woskrzenice Małe

Woskrzenice Małe is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Podlaska, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Biała Podlaska and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472536" title="Barry Power Station">
Barry Power Station

Barry Power Station is a 230MWe gas-fired power station on "Sully Moors Road" in Sully in the Vale of Glamorgan, Wales. It is eight miles west of Cardiff and is next to a large Ineos Vinyls chemicals works that makes PVC and a Hexion Chemicals plant.
History.
Construction began in January 1997, and it was opened on September 7 1998, being owned by the AES Corporation, but trading as AES Barry Ltd. Until 2000, it ran as a baseload station. It was bought by Centrica on July 24 2003 for £39.7m. AES sold the plant because of the low price of electricity at that time. 
The closure of the plant was proposed in Centrica's accounts in February 2012, but the following month a contract was signed to use it to supply peak power. This required a reconfiguration to allow full load to be reached more quickly, and redundancy for a third of the workforce. It is now run in an open-cycle mode, halving operating costs, with the option of switching to combined-cycle mode after an hour.
Specification.
It is a CCGT-type power station. There is one 160 MWe Siemens V94.2 gas turbine (built by Ansaldo Energia in Genoa and now called the SGT5-2000E) that feeds exhaust gas at 544C to a heat recovery steam generator. Steam from this enters a 75MWe steam turbine running, like the gas turbine, at 3000 rpm. Exhaust steam is passed through an air-cooled condenser and returned to the system as de-aerated feedwater for the HRSG. It connects to the Western Power Distribution section of the National Grid via a substation at 132kV. The generator on the gas turbine is rated at 180MVA and has a terminal voltage of 15kV; the steam turbine's is 11kV.
The plant is 44% thermally efficient. The chimney is 60m high.

</doc>
<doc id="18472538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472538" title="Zabłocie, Gmina Biała Podlaska">
Zabłocie, Gmina Biała Podlaska

Zabłocie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Podlaska, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Biała Podlaska and north of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472540" title="List of N63 roads">
List of N63 roads

This is a list of roads abbreviated N63.

</doc>
<doc id="18472542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472542" title="Zacisze, Lublin Voivodeship">
Zacisze, Lublin Voivodeship

Zacisze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Podlaska, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472543" title="Stagmomantis amazonica">
Stagmomantis amazonica

Stagmomantis amazonica, common name Amazon Mantis, is a species of praying mantis in the genus "Stagmomantis". They are native to the South America.

</doc>
<doc id="18472558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472558" title="Stagmomantis californica">
Stagmomantis californica

Stagmomantis californica, common name California Mantis, is a species of praying mantis in the genus "Stagmomantis" native to the Western United States.
Description.
Adult members of this species range in size from 50-60mm in body length. There are green, yellow, and brown varieties, with subadults and adults tending to have dark transverse bands on the top of the abdomen. The wings of both sexes are mottled or suffused with dark brown or black and the hindwings are purplish. The inner forelegs are orangish, and there are some black spots near the teeth. In most other physical respects they closely resemble other members of their mantid order, two of which are native to the state of California (the others are the slightly smaller "Stagmomantis carolina" and the larger and more common "Stagmomantis limbata"). The oothecae and hatchlings are different than those of "S. limbata".
Habitat.
Within California, this common insect occurs throughout the warmer and dryer regions of the southern part of the state below elevations of 10,000 feet. They prefer chaparral and desert environments with sufficient vegetation (the creosote bush is a favorite) in which they can climb, hide, and hunt. Their range extends from all of southern California north into the Central Valley and then eastward into Arizona, New Mexico, Colorado, and western Texas. In the late 1980s, they began showing up in southern Idaho, and appear to be migrating northward, adapting to the colder winters along the way.
Behavior and ecology.
Like all mantids, the California mantis is carnivorous, consuming virtually any other insect it perceives as small enough to be eaten, including other members of its own species. Males and females come together to reproduce but otherwise the adults are strictly solitary. Nymphs hatch in the spring from hard egg cases laid the previous fall. Adults do not overwinter—lifespan is seldom more than one year and usually less than nine months, with females sometimes surviving longer into the winter season than males, presumably allowing the females more time to lay their oothecas on suitable vegetation or rocks before dying. Though fast runners, both sexes are also capable of using their wings for flight, and the males are especially good flyers: the wings of the male extend well beyond the end of the abdomen, whereas those of the female do not extend more than half this distance. Males are often attracted to bright lights at night and can sometimes be found swarming around them along with other insects, though as ambush hunters, they fly at night primarily for dispersal and not in search of food.
When the "Stagmomantis californica" mate, the mount can last for hours. Often during or after mating the female "S. californica" devours the male, allowing the female to have enough protein to create an ootheca. All "S. californica" have sensors near their legs that allow the praying mantis to lose its head and still function. This is good if the head is devoured during mating.

</doc>
<doc id="18472560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472560" title="N63">
N63

N63 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18472563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472563" title="Innocent Awoa">
Innocent Awoa


</doc>
<doc id="18472582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472582" title="Yutai County">
Yutai County

Yutai County is a district of Jining, Shandong, China.

</doc>
<doc id="18472584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472584" title="Stagmomantis gracilipes">
Stagmomantis gracilipes

Stagmomantis gracilipes, common name Arizona Tan Mantis, is a species of praying mantis in genus "Stagmomantis". They are native to the Southwestern United States, Mexico and Central America.

</doc>
<doc id="18472595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472595" title="1977 Egyptian Bread Riots">
1977 Egyptian Bread Riots

The Egyptian 'Bread Riots' of 1977 affected most major cities in Egypt from January 18–19, 1977. The riots were a spontaneous uprising by hundreds of thousands of lower-class people protesting World Bank and International Monetary Fund-mandated termination of state subsidies on basic foodstuffs. As many as seventy-nine people were killed and over 550 injured in the protests, which were only ended with the deployment of the army and the re-institution of the subsidies.
Lead up to riots.
The riots' origin lay in president Anwar Sadat's Infitah (openness) policy, which had, since he took power at the beginning of the decade, sought to liberalize the economy. In 1976, he sought loans from the World Bank in an effort to relieve the country's debt burden. The bank criticized the state's policy of subsidizing basic foodstuffs, and Sadat announced in January 1977 that it was ending subsidies on flour, rice, and cooking oil and that it would cancel state employee bonuses and pay increases. The new policies resulted in a rise in the price of food by up to 50%.
Food riots.
Popular rejection of the announcement was not long in coming: On January 18 and 19, rioting by lower-class people who would have been hardest hit by the cancellation of the subsidies erupted across the country, from Aswan in upper Egypt to Alexandria. For two days, rioters attacked targets that symbolized the prosperity of the middle class and the corruption of the regime, shouting slogans like, ""Ya baṭal el-'obūr, fēn el-fotūr?"" ("Hero of the Crossing, where is our breakfast?") and "Thieves of the Infitah, the people are famished." There were also shouts of "Nasser, Nasser," in reference to Sadat's predecessor, Gamal Abdel Nasser. The rioting ended when the state abruptly canceled the new policies. 79 people died in the riots, 556 were injured, and over 1,000 people were arrested. 
The riots had a strong impact upon the Egyptian government's subsequent willingness to enact unpopular economic policies. After the riots, according to David Seddon, the Egyptian government was "extremely cautious of provoking popular protest and political unrest through the introduction of drastic austerity measures, and it approached the IMF proposals with care." Though Egypt signed an Extended Fund Facility in 1978, the government's failure to adhere to IMF-imposed policy conditions resulted in only a small amount of funds being released. Not until it had paid back most of its debt to the IMF in 1987 did Egypt return to the IMF for a one-year arrangement.

</doc>
<doc id="18472597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472597" title="John Owens">
John Owens

John Owens may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18472601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472601" title="Why the Swallow Has the Tail with Little Horns">
Why the Swallow Has the Tail with Little Horns

Why the Swallow Has the Tail with Little Horns (; tr.:"Pochemu u lastochki khvostik rozhkami") is the first animated film made in the Kazakh SSR. It was directed by Amen Khaydarov and released in 1967.
Plot.
The film is based upon the traditional Kazakh fairy tale of the same name.
Reception.
The film was warmly received both by audiences and by professional masters of Soviet animation. It was accepted to a number of domestic and international film festivals, winning a prize at the 1968 All-Union Film Festival and the bronze medal in the children's films category at the 1974 New York Animation Festival. This success was especially noteworthy because the artistic group which worked on the film were not experienced in animation, being recent graduates of the Almaty Art College.
The artistic style of the film also received praise. In the words of Professor Baurzhan Nugerbekov: "The drawings and colours of the film are clear continuations of the smooth, flat designs of the Kazakh ornamental arts; of the clear and colourful compositions on artistic felts".

</doc>
<doc id="18472615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472615" title="Stagmomantis montana">
Stagmomantis montana

Stagmomantis montana (Rehn, 1935), common name Mountain Mantis, is a species of praying mantis in genus "Stagmomantis". They are native to Mexico and Central America. "S. montana sinaloae" has been identified as a subspecies. 

</doc>
<doc id="18472616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472616" title="Peeratat Phoruendee">
Peeratat Phoruendee

Peeratat Phoruendee (Thai พีรทรรศ์ โพธิ์เรือนดี) is a Thai football player. He is a Defender who scored 1 goals for the national team. Currently he has played for PTT Rayong F.C. in Thailand Division 1 League.
He played for BEC Tero Sasana F.C. in the ASEAN Club Championship 2003, where the club finished runners'-up.

</doc>
<doc id="18472619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472619" title="N76">
N76

N76 can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18472624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472624" title="Hrud, Poland">
Hrud, Poland

Hrud (, "Hrud") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Podlaska, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Biała Podlaska and north of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472634" title="Asian Hispanic and Latino Americans">
Asian Hispanic and Latino Americans

Asian Hispanic and Latino Americans is a term for Hispanic and Latino Americans having Asian ancestry and for those Hispanics who consider themselves or were officially classified by the United States Census Bureau, Office of Management and Budget, and other U.S. government agencies as Asian Americans.
Hispanicity, which is independent of race, is the only ethnic category, as opposed to racial category, which is officially unified by the U.S. Census Bureau. The distinction made by government agencies for those within the population of any official race category, including "Asian American", is between those who report Hispanic or Latino ethnic backgrounds and all others who do not. In the case of Asian Americans, these two groups are respectively termed Asian Hispanics and non-Hispanic Asian Americans, the former being those who say Asian ancestry from Spanish-speaking Latin America, and the latter consisting of an ethnically diverse collection of all others who are classified as Asian Americans that do not report Hispanic ethnic backgrounds.
Filipino Americans, despite the fact that they often have Spanish surnames from the Alphabetical Catalog of Surnames, nevertheless are not usually considered Hispanic unless they actually have Spanish ancestry (see Filipino mestizo).
Population.
In the 2000 US Census, 119,829 Hispanic or Latino Americans identified as being of Asian race alone. In 2006 the Census Bureau's American Community Survey estimated them at 154,694, while its Population Estimates, which are official, put them at 277,704. In the 2010 Census there were 598,146 Asian "Hispanic or Latinos", including those who are multiracial in origin.

</doc>
<doc id="18472655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472655" title="SHV Holdings">
SHV Holdings

SHV Holdings is a privately owned Dutch trading company, regarded as one of the world's largest private trading groups. SHV have interests in transport, retail, oil and financial services, including part of the Makro cash-and-carry chain.
History.
SHV Holdings were founded in 1896 as "Steenkolen Handels-Vereeniging" in the Netherlands through the merger of eight coal wholesalers, as a response to the formation of the German Rheinisch-Westfälisches Kohlen-Syndikat. They started to diversify their interests in the following years, moving into shipping and retail. The company grew astronomically under the guidance of Frits Fentener van Vlissingen (1882-1962) who managed to secure a monopoly on coal transport in the Netherlands. After World War II, SHV expanded their energy interests into oil and petrol, and in 1964 established the Makro cash-and-carry stores. By 1995 they were the largest trading company in the Netherlands.

</doc>
<doc id="18472668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472668" title="2005 California Golden Bears football team">
2005 California Golden Bears football team

The 2005 California Golden Bears football team represented the University of California, Berkeley in the college football 2005-2006 season. They played their home games at California Memorial Stadium in Berkeley, California and were coached by Jeff Tedford.
Despite losing Nate Longshore in the season opener for the remainder of the year, the Bears would get off to their best start since Steve Mariucci coached them in 1996, starting the season 5-0. But the Bears would stumble and lose 4 of their next 5 games, partly due to poor quarterback play and costly turnovers and mental errors. The team would end up in the 2005 Las Vegas Bowl, where they would beat BYU 35-28.
Schedule.
Game notes.
USC.
Cal then hosted the #1-ranked USC Trojans, led by head coach Pete Carroll and an offense including Heisman Trophy-winning quarterback Matt Leinart and running back Reggie Bush. The Trojans scored first after Ayoob's first of four interceptions in the game, on a LenDale White rush. Ayoob recovered after the interception, and led the Bears to a field goal to cut their deficit to four at the end of the first quarter. In the second quarter, Leinart rushed for a pair of touchdowns to give the Trojans a 21–3 lead at half-time. After a pair of White rushing touchdowns, the Bears scored again on a Chris Manderino rush that ended scoring in the game, with the Trojans winning 35–10. With the win, the Trojans clinched at least a share of the Pac-10 title.

</doc>
<doc id="18472672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472672" title="Aleksandrówka">
Aleksandrówka

Aleksandrówka may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18472675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472675" title="Aleksandrówka, Biała Podlaska County">
Aleksandrówka, Biała Podlaska County

Aleksandrówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drelów, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472676" title="Danówka">
Danówka

Danówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drelów, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Drelów, south-west of Biała Podlaska, and north of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472677" title="Dołha">
Dołha

Dołha is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drelów, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Drelów, west of Biała Podlaska, and north of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472678" title="Drelów">
Drelów

Drelów is a village in Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Drelów. It lies approximately south-west of Biała Podlaska and north of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 900.
In January 17, 1874 the Russian Army killing 23 Greek Catholic (Uniate) in time a protest against the Russification and confiscation of the church.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472680" title="Kwasówka, Lublin Voivodeship">
Kwasówka, Lublin Voivodeship

Kwasówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drelów, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Drelów, south-west of Biała Podlaska, and north of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472683" title="Leszczanka">
Leszczanka

Leszczanka may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18472685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472685" title="Leszczanka, Biała Podlaska County">
Leszczanka, Biała Podlaska County

Leszczanka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drelów, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472687" title="Łózki">
Łózki

Łózki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drelów, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Drelów, south-west of Biała Podlaska, and north of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472688" title="Pereszczówka">
Pereszczówka

Pereszczówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drelów, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Drelów, south-west of Biała Podlaska, and north of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472689" title="Przechodzisko">
Przechodzisko

Przechodzisko is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drelów, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472691" title="Sokule">
Sokule

Sokule may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18472693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472693" title="Sokule, Biała Podlaska County">
Sokule, Biała Podlaska County

Sokule is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drelów, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Drelów, south-west of Biała Podlaska, and north of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472694" title="Strzyżówka">
Strzyżówka

Strzyżówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drelów, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Drelów, south-west of Biała Podlaska, and north of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472697" title="Szachy, Lublin Voivodeship">
Szachy, Lublin Voivodeship

Szachy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drelów, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Drelów, west of Biała Podlaska, and north of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472700" title="Szóstka, Lublin Voivodeship">
Szóstka, Lublin Voivodeship

Szóstka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drelów, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Drelów, south-west of Biała Podlaska, and north of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472702" title="Witoroż">
Witoroż

Witoroż is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drelów, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Drelów, south-west of Biała Podlaska, and north of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472703" title="Wólka Łózecka">
Wólka Łózecka

Wólka Łózecka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drelów, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472705" title="Worsy">
Worsy

Worsy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drelów, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Drelów, south-west of Biała Podlaska, and north of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472709" title="Zahajki, Biała Podlaska County">
Zahajki, Biała Podlaska County

Zahajki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drelów, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Drelów, south-west of Biała Podlaska, and north of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472711" title="Żerocin">
Żerocin

Żerocin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drelów, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Drelów, south-west of Biała Podlaska, and north of the regional capital Lublin. From 1975-1998 Żerocin was in the now defunct Biała Podlaska Voivodeship.
The village has a population of 580.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472717" title="Błonie, Lublin Voivodeship">
Błonie, Lublin Voivodeship

Błonie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów Podlaski, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately east of Janów Podlaski, north-east of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472718" title="Bubel-Granna">
Bubel-Granna

Bubel-Granna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów Podlaski, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.
The village has a population of 120.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472720" title="Bubel-Łukowiska">
Bubel-Łukowiska

Bubel-Łukowiska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów Podlaski, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472722" title="Jakówki">
Jakówki

Jakówki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów Podlaski, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately west of Janów Podlaski, north of Biała Podlaska, and north of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472724" title="Janów Podlaski">
Janów Podlaski

Janów Podlaski is a village in Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Janów Podlaski. It lies approximately north of Biała Podlaska and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 2,700.
Football Team is called Janowia Janow Podlaski,
The state stud farm, also called Janow Podlaski, or simply Janow, is a world-renowned horse breeding establishment that specializing in the Arabian horse.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472729" title="William Painter">
William Painter

William Painter or Paynter may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="18472730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472730" title="Kajetanka">
Kajetanka

Kajetanka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów Podlaski, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately south-east of Janów Podlaski, north-east of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 8.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472733" title="Klonownica Mała">
Klonownica Mała

Klonownica Mała is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów Podlaski, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately south of Janów Podlaski, north of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 190.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472736" title="Klonownica-Plac">
Klonownica-Plac

Klonownica-Plac is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów Podlaski, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472737" title="Nowy Pawłów">
Nowy Pawłów

Nowy Pawłów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów Podlaski, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately north-west of Janów Podlaski, north of Biała Podlaska, and north of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 420.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472739" title="Ostrów, Biała Podlaska County">
Ostrów, Biała Podlaska County

Ostrów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów Podlaski, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately east of Janów Podlaski, north-east of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 200.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472742" title="Peredyło">
Peredyło

Peredyło is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów Podlaski, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately west of Janów Podlaski, north of Biała Podlaska, and north of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472745" title="Doctoral hat">
Doctoral hat

A doctoral hat (, ) is a major part of the academic dress of Ph.D. recipients in Finland and Sweden. It is a silken top hat with a straight brim, although the hats of Finnish Doctors of Science (Technology) have an up-turned brim. Generally the colour of the hat is black, although a few faculties use coloured doctoral hats. On the front, the hat has a gold-coloured metallic emblem of the granting university or faculty. The hat is awarded in a solemn graduation ceremony.
Features.
The basic colour of the hat is black. However, in Finland, other colors are found, as follows:
Swedish doctoral hats are always black.
Obtainment and use.
Doctoral hats are handmade, with the owner's head measured using a device called a conformateur. The hat should rest on the top of the head. The typical price for the doctoral hat is around 500 euros.
A doctoral hat is always worn with the white tie style of formal dress in lieu of a top hat. In practice, the hat is mostly worn on academic occasions, such as opening ceremonies, commencement, and disputations. In the disputations, the supervising professor and the opponent carry their hats, but do not wear them. During disputations, the hats rest on the table, with the university emblems towards the audience. 
A doctoral hat is personal and is usually not lent to others. Along with the doctoral sword (found in Finland only, and not in all faculties), doctoral tailcoat facings (in certain universities), doctoral Bibles (in theological faculties), and doctoral rings (in Sweden), it forms part of the doctoral academic regalia.
The hat is usually stored in a specially made storage box.

</doc>
<doc id="18472746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472746" title="Polinów, Lublin Voivodeship">
Polinów, Lublin Voivodeship

Polinów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów Podlaski, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately north of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has an approximate population of 100.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472747" title="Romanów, Gmina Janów Podlaski">
Romanów, Gmina Janów Podlaski

Romanów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów Podlaski, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472749" title="Stare Buczyce">
Stare Buczyce

Stare Buczyce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów Podlaski, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472751" title="Stary Bubel">
Stary Bubel

Stary Bubel is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów Podlaski, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately north of Janów Podlaski, north of Biała Podlaska, and north of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472756" title="Stary Pawłów">
Stary Pawłów

Stary Pawłów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów Podlaski, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately west of Janów Podlaski, north of Biała Podlaska, and north of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472758" title="Werchliś">
Werchliś

Werchliś is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów Podlaski, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately east of Janów Podlaski, north-east of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472759" title="Woroblin">
Woroblin

Woroblin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów Podlaski, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately east of Janów Podlaski, north-east of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472762" title="Wygoda, Gmina Janów Podlaski">
Wygoda, Gmina Janów Podlaski

Wygoda is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów Podlaski, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately north-east of Janów Podlaski, north-east of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472773" title="Dobratycze">
Dobratycze

Dobratycze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kodeń, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately north of Kodeń, east of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472776" title="Dobromyśl, Biała Podlaska County">
Dobromyśl, Biała Podlaska County

Dobromyśl is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kodeń, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately west of Kodeń, south-east of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472778" title="Elżbiecin, Biała Podlaska County">
Elżbiecin, Biała Podlaska County

Elżbiecin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kodeń, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472783" title="Christ's College Chapel Choir">
Christ's College Chapel Choir

Christ's College Chapel Choir is a mixed-voice ensemble based at Christ's College, Cambridge, England. Its raison d'être is, as it has always been, to sing services in the College Chapel. Choral Evensong is sung on Thursday and Sunday Evenings during Full Term, and Choral Eucharist services take place on a less frequent basis. More generally, the Choir makes an important contribution to the life of the College, singing at feasts, weddings, memorial services and other occasions. Further to this, the group also pursues an exciting range of activities outside College, performing concerts in Cambridge and around the UK, recording CDs, and broadcasting.
Director of music.
The choir is led by David Rowland, who was Organ Scholar at Corpus Christi College. During his third year he assisted the Organ Scholar at Kings by playing regularly at services. After graduating in 1978 he pursued research in Cambridge, while still playing the organ and in 1981 he won the prestigious St Alban's International Organ Competition. In the following year he was a major prizewinner at the Dublin International Organ Competition. Subsequently David became a lecturer in the music department of Glasgow University and then Director of Music at Christ's College Cambridge, where he has conducted the choir for the last twenty-two years. More recently, from 2002-4 he conducted the Welsh National Youth Choir. In addition to conducting he records, broadcasts and performs regularly in London's South Bank concert halls and in many other venues nationwide, on harpsichord, organ and early piano. David joined the staff of the Music Department of the Open University in 1989, where he is currently Professor of Music and Dean of the Faculty of Arts. He pursues research into the performance practice of the early piano, and in particular into the career of Muzio Clementi, on which subjects he has written four books and other scholarly material.
Tours.
The choir undertakes a major international tour each Summer. The group has visited the USA, Hong Kong, New Zealand, Canada, Australia and many European countries over the last few years. Most recently the choir toured the United States of America for a second time, entertaining audiences from Burlington, Vermont to Washington D.C. by way of Boston Massachusetts, Newport, Rhode Island, Nantucket, Massachusetts, New York, New York and many other prominent towns en route over the course of three weeks. The choir usually undertakes a smaller localised tour of a region of Great Britain during the Easter vacation, in order to raise funds for a trip abroad.
Reviews.
The Choir has been reviewed by critics internationally. The "Philadelphia Inquirer" praised their "accomplished and satisfying" performance, enjoying their "particularly robust sonority", in a "living artistic experience". The "Toronto Star" described its musicianship as "dazzling". The "Hong Kong Times" wrote of the "rich sounds and emotions" offered by a choir which "exploits its potential to the fullest", and Canberra's "Muse" magazine praised the Choir's "very polished performance" and its "rich and even mixture of parts".
Traditions.
The choir is an institution with several interesting traditions. Although the choir has existed for more than 500 years many of these have emerged in the last 25 years. There are two exceptions to this, the first being the use of red cassocks. This is an honour only open to choirs of royal foundation. The second is the Bass Curry, first recorded by John Milton (an alumnus of the college) who described 'Basse Currie' as when 'the singing-men of the quire do joine to delight in curried mutton and also in mulberrie chutnie; a joyful repast'. This text is very highly disputed. It has been suggested, although there is no evidence for this, that Milton's mysterious rustication from Cambridge may have been due to irreligious acts (hardly in keeping with his training for religious ministry) carried out at said 'Basse Currie'.

</doc>
<doc id="18472784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472784" title="Kąty, Biała Podlaska County">
Kąty, Biała Podlaska County

Kąty is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kodeń, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately north-west of Kodeń, east of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472789" title="Kopytów, Lublin Voivodeship">
Kopytów, Lublin Voivodeship

Kopytów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kodeń, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately north of Kodeń, east of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.

</doc>
<doc id="18472791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472791" title="Kopytów-Kolonia">
Kopytów-Kolonia

Kopytów-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kodeń, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472792" title="List of N83 roads">
List of N83 roads

This is a list of roads abbreviated N83.

</doc>
<doc id="18472794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472794" title="Kostomłoty, Lublin Voivodeship">
Kostomłoty, Lublin Voivodeship

Kostomłoty is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kodeń, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus. The village has a population of 760.
Kostomłoty is located 14 km south of Terespol on the border with Belarus at .
First written mention of the settlement comes from 1412 when the village was offered to the Augustinian Order from nearby Brest by the Lithuanian Grand Duke Vytautas. During 16th century it the Order sold it to the Sapieha noble family from nearby Kodeń.
In 1631 the Eastern Rite parish of St. Nicetas the Martyr was established, which accepted the Union of Brest of 1596 at some time during the 17th century, thus restoring communion the successor of St. Peter. Following the Partitions of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth the village first fall under Austrian rule and later became a part of the semiautonomous so-called "Congress Poland" which saved the parish from the first waves of repressions against the Ruthenian (Belarusian and Ukrainian) Greek-Catholic Church until the brutal liquidation of the Eparchy of Kholm by the Russian Empire in 1875.
Following the establishing of the Second Polish Republic in 1918, the parish in Kostomłoty, along with a number of other parishes (over 40 by 1939), returned into the Union in 1927, however maintaining a distinct Byzantine-Slavonic Rite, different from the Byzantine-Ukrainian Rite which has developed in the Ukrainian Greek Catholic Church that survived under Austrian rule in the region of Galicia. After the Soviet victory in World War II most of those parishes were forcibly closed, only a few which were located in the "People's Republic of Poland", rather than the Belarusian and Ukrainian SSR directly controlled by Moscow, could survive. Due to the changing demographics those parishes were faced with a lack of Eastern Rite faithful in the 1960s and most have adopted the Latin Rite which has left the church in Kostomłoty the only Byzantine-Slavonic Rite parish in Poland and the entire region.
Since 1969 the parish is under the care of the Marian Order. On 12 July 1998 relics of the Pratulin Martyrs, who were murdered by Russian soldiers when praying outside a church confiscated by the tsarist regime in nearby Pratulin, were transferred here and the parish was named the Shrine of the Martyrs of Pratulin.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472796" title="Historical accuracy of Gladiator (2000 film)">
Historical accuracy of Gladiator (2000 film)

In making the film Gladiator (2000), director Ridley Scott wanted to portray the Roman culture more accurately than in any previous film and to that end hired several historians as advisors. Nevertheless, some deviations from historical fact were made to increase interest, some to maintain narrative continuity, and some were for practical or safety reasons. The public perception of what ancient Rome was like, due to previous Hollywood movies, made some historical facts, according to Scott, "too unbelievable" to include.
At least one historical advisor resigned due to the changes he made and another advisor Kathleen Coleman asked not to be mentioned in the credits. Historians called the movie both the worst and best of all films: the worst for the historical inaccuracies in a film Scott promoted as historically accurate, and the best for the film's accurate depiction of the people and violence of the late 2nd century AD. Historian Allen Ward of the University of Connecticut noted that historical accuracy would not have made "Gladiator" less interesting or exciting and stated: "creative artists need to be granted some poetic license, but that should not be a permit for the wholesale disregard of facts in historical fiction."

</doc>
<doc id="18472797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472797" title="Kożanówka, Gmina Kodeń">
Kożanówka, Gmina Kodeń

Kożanówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kodeń, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472798" title="Okczyn">
Okczyn

Okczyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kodeń, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately north of Kodeń, east of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472800" title="Virgin and Child with Four Angels (Donatello)">
Virgin and Child with Four Angels (Donatello)

The Virgin and Child with Four Angels is a bronze roundel by Florentine artist Donatello (c. 1386 - 1466). 
It is also known as the Chellini Madonna as Donatello gave it to his doctor Giovanni Chellini in 1456. This was documented in the physician's account book on 27 August, 1456 "while I was treating Donato called Donatello, the singular and principal master in making figures of bronze of wood and terracotta . . . he of his kindness and in consideration of the medical treatment which I had given and was giving for his illness gave me a roundel the size of a trencher in which was sculpted the Virgin Mary with the Child at her neck and two angels on each side". The reverse of the roundel is hollowed out, creating a mould for casting replicas of the image in molten glass. In order to test out this unique feature, copies of the roundel were made from which glass versions were cast.

</doc>
<doc id="18472802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472802" title="Olszanki">
Olszanki

Olszanki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kodeń, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately west of Kodeń, south-east of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472803" title="Szostaki">
Szostaki

Szostaki may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18472804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472804" title="Szostaki, Biała Podlaska County">
Szostaki, Biała Podlaska County

Szostaki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kodeń, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately south of Kodeń, south-east of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin. Szostaki is located in south-central Poland and is 5 km from Radoszyce. It also lies 22 km from Końskie. The population is 160.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472809" title="Zabłocie, Gmina Kodeń">
Zabłocie, Gmina Kodeń

Zabłocie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kodeń, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately south-west of Kodeń, south-east of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472812" title="Zabłocie-Kolonia">
Zabłocie-Kolonia

Zabłocie-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kodeń, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472814" title="Zagacie">
Zagacie

Zagacie may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18472815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472815" title="Zagacie, Lublin Voivodeship">
Zagacie, Lublin Voivodeship

Zagacie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kodeń, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472816" title="Zalewsze">
Zalewsze

Zalewsze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kodeń, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately south of Kodeń, south-east of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 17.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472831" title="Antolin">
Antolin

Antolin may refer to the following places:
It can also refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="18472834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472834" title="Antolin, Biała Podlaska County">
Antolin, Biała Podlaska County

Antolin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konstantynów, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Biała Podlaska and north of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 140.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472840" title="Old Ford Lock (Regent's Canal)">
Old Ford Lock (Regent's Canal)

Old Ford Lock is a lock on the Regent's Canal, in the London Borough of Tower Hamlets.
The associated lock cottage, and stables were designated Grade II listed buildings in 1990. Thames lighters using the canal would have horses provided by the operators of the canal. Horses would be changed at City Road Lock - where the canal enters the Islington Tunnel; and at Camden Lock.
The lock has facilities for taking on water; and rubbish and chemical toilet waste disposal.

</doc>
<doc id="18472841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472841" title="Gnojno, Lublin Voivodeship">
Gnojno, Lublin Voivodeship

Gnojno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konstantynów, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Biała Podlaska and north of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 160.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472843" title="Komarno, Lublin Voivodeship">
Komarno, Lublin Voivodeship

Komarno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konstantynów, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Konstantynów, north of Biała Podlaska, and north of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472844" title="Komarno-Kolonia">
Komarno-Kolonia

Komarno-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konstantynów, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472847" title="Konstantynów, Lublin Voivodeship">
Konstantynów, Lublin Voivodeship

Konstantynów is a village in Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Konstantynów. It lies approximately north of Biała Podlaska and north of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 1,437.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472848" title="Konstantynów-Kolonia">
Konstantynów-Kolonia

Konstantynów-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konstantynów, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472849" title="Solinki">
Solinki

Solinki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konstantynów, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
The village has an approximate population of 100.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472852" title="Wandopol">
Wandopol

Wandopol is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konstantynów, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Biała Podlaska and north of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472853" title="Wichowicze">
Wichowicze

Wichowicze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konstantynów, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Konstantynów, north of Biała Podlaska, and north of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 90.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472856" title="Witoldów">
Witoldów

Witoldów may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18472857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472857" title="Witoldów, Biała Podlaska County">
Witoldów, Biała Podlaska County

Witoldów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konstantynów, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Konstantynów, north of Biała Podlaska, and north of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472859" title="Wólka Polinowska">
Wólka Polinowska

Wólka Polinowska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konstantynów, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Biała Podlaska and north of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472861" title="Zakalinki">
Zakalinki

Zakalinki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konstantynów, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Biała Podlaska and north of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472862" title="List of N84 roads">
List of N84 roads

This is a list of roads abbreviated N84.

</doc>
<doc id="18472863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472863" title="Zakalinki-Kolonia">
Zakalinki-Kolonia

Zakalinki-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konstantynów, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472865" title="Zakanale">
Zakanale

Zakanale is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konstantynów, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Biała Podlaska and north of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472876" title="Bukowice, Lublin Voivodeship">
Bukowice, Lublin Voivodeship

Bukowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśna Podlaska, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Biała Podlaska and north of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472877" title="Bukowice-Kolonia">
Bukowice-Kolonia

Bukowice-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśna Podlaska, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Leśna Podlaska, north-west of Biała Podlaska, and north of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472882" title="Droblin, Lublin Voivodeship">
Droblin, Lublin Voivodeship

Droblin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśna Podlaska, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Leśna Podlaska, north-west of Biała Podlaska, and north of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472886" title="Jagodnica">
Jagodnica

Jagodnica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśna Podlaska, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Leśna Podlaska, north-west of Biała Podlaska, and north of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 109.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472889" title="Klukowszczyzna">
Klukowszczyzna

Klukowszczyzna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśna Podlaska, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472890" title="Leśna Podlaska">
Leśna Podlaska

Leśna Podlaska is a village in Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Leśna Podlaska. It lies approximately north-west of Biała Podlaska and north of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 900.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472891" title="Ludwinów">
Ludwinów

Ludwinów may refer to the following places in Poland:

</doc>
<doc id="18472893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472893" title="Ludwinów, Biała Podlaska County">
Ludwinów, Biała Podlaska County

Ludwinów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśna Podlaska, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Leśna Podlaska, north-west of Biała Podlaska, and north of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472897" title="Mariampol, Biała Podlaska County">
Mariampol, Biała Podlaska County

Mariampol is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśna Podlaska, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Leśna Podlaska, north of Biała Podlaska, and north of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472899" title="Nosów, Lublin Voivodeship">
Nosów, Lublin Voivodeship

Nosów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśna Podlaska, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472901" title="Nosów-Kolonia">
Nosów-Kolonia

Nosów-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśna Podlaska, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472904" title="Nowa Bordziłówka">
Nowa Bordziłówka

Nowa Bordziłówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśna Podlaska, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472905" title="Ossówka, Lublin Voivodeship">
Ossówka, Lublin Voivodeship

Ossówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśna Podlaska, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Biała Podlaska and north of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has an approximate population of 500.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472906" title="Combat Logistics Regiment 27">
Combat Logistics Regiment 27

Combat Logistics Regiment 27 (CLR 27) is a logistics regiment of the United States Marine Corps. The unit is based at Marine Corps Base Camp Lejeune, North Carolina and falls under the command of the 2nd Marine Logistics Group (2nd MLG) and the II Marine Expeditionary Force (II MEF).

</doc>
<doc id="18472907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472907" title="Ossówka-Kolonia">
Ossówka-Kolonia

Ossówka-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśna Podlaska, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472909" title="Stara Bordziłówka">
Stara Bordziłówka

Stara Bordziłówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśna Podlaska, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472910" title="Witulin">
Witulin

Witulin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśna Podlaska, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Biała Podlaska and north of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 430.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472911" title="Witulin-Kolonia">
Witulin-Kolonia

Witulin-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśna Podlaska, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472912" title="Ram Raja Prasad Singh">
Ram Raja Prasad Singh

Ram Raja Prasad Singh () (1936 – 12 September 2012) was a Nepalese politician. In July 2008, Singh was proposed by the Communist Party of Nepal (Maoist) as their candidate in the first presidential election in the country. 
Singh hails from Saptari district, eastern Nepal. His father, Jaya Mangal Prasad Singh was a wealthy landowner. Singh's first encounter with the realities of political life came abruptly at the age of seven. In 1942 the Indian socialist leaders Jayprakash Narayan and Ram Manohar Lohia came to Nepal to mobilize support for Quit India Movement and organise the formation of a guerrilla army to fight against British colonial rule. The two stayed at Singh's household. One day Lohia and Narayan, along with three other comrades, were caught by Nepalese police and their weaponry was seized. Singh's father and the remaining guerrilla soldiers attacked the detention centre and freed the two Indian leaders. Jaya Mangal Prasad Singh was later arrested and sentenced for the killing of two policemen during the raid. Ram Raja Prasad Singh and his brother Laxman were made to stay in jail with their father. They were released after India became independent.
Ram Raja Prasad Singh went on to study law. Once, whilst studying at Delhi University, he was able to meet with the Latin American revolutionary leader Che Guevara. Guevara advised Singh to take up guerrilla struggle in Nepal. Singh is probably the only Nepalese politician who met with Guevara.
Singh, a young Supreme Court lawyer, contested one of the four Graduates seats in the 1971 Rastriya Panchayat election. Singh won the seat on a platform of restoring parliamentary democracy in Nepal, and his victory was seen as a humiliation of the regime. Whilst several other candidates for the graduate seats had declared their wish for gradual democratic reforms (17 candidates contested on a common reformist platform), Singh was the sole candidate to called for immediate transition to democracy.
The presiding officer of the Rastriya Panchayat was reluctant to let Singh be sworn-in along with the other members of the assembly. He was arrested by plainclothes policemen inside the lobby of the assembly. A special tribunal sentenced him. On August 26, 1971, he was given a royal pardon and could later be sworn-in as a member of the Rastriya Panchayat. After his release, Singh continued to be a vocal advocate of democratic change and began organising public meetings in different parts of the country.
In 1976 he established Nepal Janabadi Morcha (Nepal Democratic Front) a leftwing political movement in Nepal. 
Singh claimed responsibility for the 1985 bombings in Kathmandu. He was convicted of the bombings and his property was confiscated by the government. However, he managed to escape Nepal and went into exile in India. At least eight people were killed, including a member of parliament. In the capital, the blasts went off near the royal palace, at the deluxe Hotel de l'Annapurna owned by the royal family, Singh Durbar, the prime minister's office, and parliament. Bombs also went off at the Bhairahawa airport, Nepalganj and Mahendranagar in the west as well as Birgunj, Janakpur, Biratnagar and Jhapa in the east.
He returned to Nepal in 1990.
Singh died on the 12 September 2012 during the course of his treatment at the Tribhuvan University Teaching Hospital (TUTH) in the capital Kathmandu. He was 77 years old.

</doc>
<doc id="18472913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472913" title="Worgule">
Worgule

Worgule is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśna Podlaska, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Leśna Podlaska, north-west of Biała Podlaska, and north of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 893.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472915" title="Zaberbecze">
Zaberbecze

Zaberbecze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśna Podlaska, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Biała Podlaska and north of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472924" title="Bielany, Lublin Voivodeship">
Bielany, Lublin Voivodeship

Bielany is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łomazy, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Łomazy, south of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472926" title="Burwin">
Burwin

Burwin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łomazy, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Łomazy, south of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472928" title="Dubów">
Dubów

Dubów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łomazy, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Łomazy, south-east of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472931" title="Huszcza Druga">
Huszcza Druga

Huszcza Druga is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łomazy, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Łomazy, south-east of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472932" title="Huszcza Pierwsza">
Huszcza Pierwsza

Huszcza Pierwsza is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łomazy, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Łomazy, south-east of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 1,500.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472933" title="Jusaki-Zarzeka">
Jusaki-Zarzeka

Jusaki-Zarzeka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łomazy, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Łomazy, south of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472936" title="List of N39 roads">
List of N39 roads

N39 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18472937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472937" title="Kopytnik, Lublin Voivodeship">
Kopytnik, Lublin Voivodeship

Kopytnik is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łomazy, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Łomazy, south-east of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472940" title="Korczówka, Lublin Voivodeship">
Korczówka, Lublin Voivodeship

Korczówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łomazy, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Łomazy, south of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472942" title="Koszoły">
Koszoły

Koszoły is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łomazy, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Łomazy, south-east of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 390.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472944" title="Kozły">
Kozły

Kozły may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18472945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472945" title="Kozły, Lublin Voivodeship">
Kozły, Lublin Voivodeship

Kozły is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łomazy, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Łomazy, south of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472949" title="Krasówka, Biała Podlaska County">
Krasówka, Biała Podlaska County

Krasówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łomazy, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Łomazy, south of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472950" title="Łomazy">
Łomazy

Łomazy is a village in Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Łomazy. It lies approximately south of Biała Podlaska and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 1,700.
History.
The village was the site of the murder of 1,700 local Jews at the hands of a battalion of German Order Police on August 17, 1942.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472953" title="Lubenka">
Lubenka

Lubenka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łomazy, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Łomazy, south-east of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472956" title="Stasiówka, Lublin Voivodeship">
Stasiówka, Lublin Voivodeship

Stasiówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łomazy, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Łomazy, south-east of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472959" title="Studzianka">
Studzianka

Studzianka may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18472960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472960" title="Studzianka, Lublin Voivodeship">
Studzianka, Lublin Voivodeship

Studzianka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łomazy, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Łomazy, south-east of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
History.
Studzianka was established as a Tatar settlement as per the 1679 privileges granted by King John III Sobieski. The famous Colonel Aleksander Ułan (d.1740) lived here and the town derives its name from the formation of the light cavalry - Lancers.
In 1817 a wooden mosque was built in the village but this was burned down by the Cossacks in 1915. By the nineteenth century only 20 Polish tatar families lived in the village and many left the region for economic reasons. The last Imam was Maciej Bajrulewicz. The village still maintains a Mizar (Muslim cemetery).
In 2005 the first annual festival was held here to commemorate the village Tartar heritage.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472961" title="Szymanowo">
Szymanowo

Szymanowo may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18472962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472962" title="Szymanowo, Lublin Voivodeship">
Szymanowo, Lublin Voivodeship

Szymanowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łomazy, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Łomazy, south of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472965" title="Wola Dubowska">
Wola Dubowska

Wola Dubowska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łomazy, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Łomazy, south of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472966" title="Wólka Korczowska">
Wólka Korczowska

Wólka Korczowska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łomazy, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Łomazy, south-west of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472967" title="OMERS">
OMERS

OMERS, officially the Ontario Municipal Employees Retirement System, is a pension fund created by statute in 1962 to handle the retirement benefits of local government employees in the Canadian province of Ontario. It has become one of the largest institutional investors in Canada. Over the past 20 years approximately two-thirds of the capital added to the pension fund has been through investment returns, while about 1/3 has been added by contributions split evenly between employees and employers. , OMERS has about 55 billion Canadian dollars' worth of net investment assets. OMERS represents 947 employers and almost 420,000 members, retirees and survivors, including firefighters, police, emergency services staff, Children's Aid Society workers, school board staff (non-teaching), and transit and hydro workers.
Structure.
OMERS is regulated by the "Ontario Municipal Employees Retirement Act, 2006" (S.O. 2006, chapter 2), an Ontario provincial law which superseded the older "Ontario Municipal Employees Retirement System Act".
Under the 2006 law, OMERS is actually composed of two corporations:
Investments.
OMERS has five major investment divisions:
Borealis Infrastructure.
OMERS' investment strategy since 2003 has been to increase its investment in infrastructure to 15% from the former 7.9%.
Outline of assets:
Borealis also owns 16 school buildings, leased to the Province of Nova Scotia, and 12 nursing home buildings, leased to the Province of Ontario.
OMERS Private Equity.
Among the private companies OPE owns are Marketwire (purchased at the end of 2006) and Oxford Properties (purchased at the beginning of 2003).
OMERS and Apax Partners (a fund OMERS invests in) jointly own Cengage Learning, a large education resource company formerly known as Thomson Learning before OMERS and Apax Partners bought it on May 11, 2007. Some parts of Thomson Learning had been sold off to other groups before this sale. Among Cengage's major brands are Gale (formerly Thomson Gale) and Nelson Education (Nelson Canada, not Nelson USA Education).
Outline of assets:

</doc>
<doc id="18472979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472979" title="Avro Keyboard">
Avro Keyboard

Avro Keyboard () is a free and open-source, graphical keyboard layout changer for the Microsoft Windows operating system, Ubuntu and other flavours of Linux. It is the first free Unicode- and ANSI-compliant Bengali keyboard interface for Windows that was published on 26 March 2003. Avro has support for fixed keyboard layout and its own phonetic (type Bengali through its romanized transliteration) layout. Assamese language can be written too. The software has a keyboard layout editor, a portable edition and various tools and fonts.
Development.
Development of Avro Keyboard was started in 2003 by Dr. Mehdi Hasan Khan, a student from Mymensingh Medical College. It was first published on web for free download on 26 March 2003 under Creative Commons Attribution-NoDerivs 3.0 Unported License. Initially, it was developed in Visual Basic, which was later transferred to Delphi. The Linux version of it was written in C++. Avro was further developed by M. M. Rifat-Un-Nabi, Tanbin Islam Siyam, Ryan Kamal, Shabab Mustafa and Nipon Haque from OmicronLab. The latest stable version of Avro Keyboard is 5.5.0 which was released on 21 February 2014. Avro phonetic for Linux is available with source code. After discussion, OmicronLab published the source code of windows version under MPL 1.1 license with the Avro Keyboard 5.0.5 public beta 1.
Features.
Avro Keyboard has customizable mode switching with automatic tracking and has a larger field of compatibility. Users can get all popular Bengali typing methods in a single software. 
Other features include:
Portable Edition of Avro Keyboard.
portable edition of the Avro keyboard has been released on 2 July 2007. It does not need any installation or access as administrator and suitable to carry in portable media (like USB drives). It has a built-in 'automatic virtual font installer'.The size of portable edition is lower than the standard edition. The portable edition is also free for any personal or commercial use.
Conflict with Bijoy.
Beginning.
On 4 April 2010, Mustafa Jabbar, the proprietor of commercial and closed source Bijoy software and CEO of 'Ananda Computers' said in an article in daily Janakantha, hackers were responsible for spreading pirated copies of his Bijoy on the internet. He accused UNDP to help these hackers. He further claimed that UNDP had remarkable influence for selecting Avro for national ID database project by Bangladesh Election Commission. On the other hand, Avro developers denied all allegation against them. In addition, they charged Jabbar for continuous harassment in different stages and media by calling them thief and for that their petition was ignored there. They said that the developers behind Bengali computing happened to work under threat of legal persecution and law enforcing agencies. They indicated that Jabbar complained against Avro after losing around 5 crore taka business in Bangladesh Election commission that used free Avro software instead of commercial Bijoy in the nation ID database project.
Reaction.
Anger and protest have become apparent in Bangla blogosphere and Bangladeshi Facebook users for this accusation that Avro is a pirated version of ‘Bijoy‘ and that the Avro team have been called hackers.
The Avro team was praised for saving around 5 crore taka of Bangladesh Election commission.
Legal proceeding.
There is a keyboard layout, named UniBijoy, which was supplied with Avro Keyboard 4.5.1. Jabbar filed an application of copyright violation to the office of copyright, Bangladesh on 25 April 2010, claiming that UniBijoy is a copy of Bijoy.
Settlement.
A settlement was made between Dr. khan and Jabbar in a formal meeting on 16 June 2010 in Bangladesh Computer Council office in Agargaon, Dhaka at presence of many IT experts. According to that, Dr. Khan removes the UniBijoy keyboard layout from Avro keyboard software and Jabbar withdraws the allegation of copyright violation from Bangladesh copyright office by 20 August 2010. As a result, UniBijoy keyboard layout was removed from the Avro Keyboard version 4.5.2 which was released on 20 August 2010. Jabbar informed that the trial in copy right office is withheld and will be withdrawn. He congratulated Dr. Khan and said, I am respectful to his creativity and expecting the development of Avro software.

</doc>
<doc id="18472981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472981" title="Bereza, Lublin Voivodeship">
Bereza, Lublin Voivodeship

Bereza is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzyrzec Podlaski, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Międzyrzec Podlaski, west of Biała Podlaska, and north of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472983" title="Dołhołęka">
Dołhołęka

Dołhołęka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzyrzec Podlaski, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472988" title="Halasy">
Halasy

Halasy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzyrzec Podlaski, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472989" title="Jelnica">
Jelnica

Jelnica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzyrzec Podlaski, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472990" title="Kolonia Wolańska">
Kolonia Wolańska

Kolonia Wolańska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzyrzec Podlaski, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472992" title="Koszeliki">
Koszeliki

Koszeliki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzyrzec Podlaski, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Międzyrzec Podlaski, west of Biała Podlaska, and north of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472994" title="Kożuszki, Lublin Voivodeship">
Kożuszki, Lublin Voivodeship

Kożuszki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzyrzec Podlaski, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Międzyrzec Podlaski, west of Biała Podlaska, and north of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18472996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18472996" title="Krzewica, Biała Podlaska County">
Krzewica, Biała Podlaska County

Krzewica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzyrzec Podlaski, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Międzyrzec Podlaski, west of Biała Podlaska, and north of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 350.
The village has a Publiczne Gimnazjum Nr.2 im. Adama Mickiewicza, the church dedicated to Our Lady of Mount Caramel and promote CSR shed from the wedding hall.
Near the village were to promote a military airport
In the years 1975-1998 the village belonged administratively to the province Biata.
City also has its own profile in the social networking site nk.pl
View information about Krzewica the Polish Wikipedia (in Polish)
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473000" title="Krzymoszyce">
Krzymoszyce

Krzymoszyce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzyrzec Podlaski, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Międzyrzec Podlaski, west of Biała Podlaska, and north of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473001" title="Łuby">
Łuby

Łuby may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18473002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473002" title="Łuby, Lublin Voivodeship">
Łuby, Lublin Voivodeship

Łuby is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzyrzec Podlaski, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Międzyrzec Podlaski, west of Biała Podlaska, and north of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473005" title="Łukowisko">
Łukowisko

Łukowisko is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzyrzec Podlaski, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Międzyrzec Podlaski, west of Biała Podlaska, and north of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 330.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473007" title="Łuniew">
Łuniew

Łuniew is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzyrzec Podlaski, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Międzyrzec Podlaski, west of Biała Podlaska, and north of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473008" title="Manie">
Manie

Manie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzyrzec Podlaski, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Międzyrzec Podlaski, west of Biała Podlaska, and north of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473011" title="Misie">
Misie

Misie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzyrzec Podlaski, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
The village has an approximate population of 600.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473013" title="Pościsze">
Pościsze

Pościsze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzyrzec Podlaski, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Międzyrzec Podlaski, west of Biała Podlaska, and north of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473018" title="Przychody, Lublin Voivodeship">
Przychody, Lublin Voivodeship

Przychody is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzyrzec Podlaski, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Międzyrzec Podlaski, west of Biała Podlaska, and north of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has an approximate population of 530.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473019" title="Przyłuki">
Przyłuki

Przyłuki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzyrzec Podlaski, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Międzyrzec Podlaski, west of Biała Podlaska, and north of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473020" title="Puchacze">
Puchacze

Puchacze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzyrzec Podlaski, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Międzyrzec Podlaski, west of Biała Podlaska, and north of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473023" title="Rogoźnica, Lublin Voivodeship">
Rogoźnica, Lublin Voivodeship

Rogoźnica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzyrzec Podlaski, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Międzyrzec Podlaski, west of Biała Podlaska, and north of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473025" title="N42">
N42

N42, N-42 or N.42 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18473026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473026" title="Rogoźnica-Kolonia">
Rogoźnica-Kolonia

Rogoźnica-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzyrzec Podlaski, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Międzyrzec Podlaski, west of Biała Podlaska, and north of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473028" title="Rogoźniczka">
Rogoźniczka

Rogoźniczka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzyrzec Podlaski, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473030" title="Rudniki, Lublin Voivodeship">
Rudniki, Lublin Voivodeship

Rudniki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzyrzec Podlaski, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473033" title="Rzeczyca, Biała Podlaska County">
Rzeczyca, Biała Podlaska County

Rzeczyca is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzyrzec Podlaski, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Międzyrzec Podlaski, west of Biała Podlaska, and north of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 900.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473037" title="Sawki">
Sawki

Sawki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzyrzec Podlaski, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Międzyrzec Podlaski, west of Biała Podlaska, and north of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473041" title="Winkels (Mengerskirchen)">
Winkels (Mengerskirchen)

Winkels is a village of the municipality of Mengerskirchen in the district of Limburg-Weilburg in Middle Hesse. It has 967 permanent and 38 temporary residents (as of 31 December 2006).
The village lies at the foot of the Westerwald not far from the Lahn in a valley. It is enclosed by wooded and bare Basalt-hills along the highway from Weilburg to Rennerod.
History.
Winkels was first mentioned in the year 1237 as "Winkelsece" in court documents. In the immediate area the castle Eigenberg (locally known as the "Maienburg") was erected. In the year 1331 it became the seat of the knights called the Lehnsmänner von Mudersbach. Under the command of the knights, locals were made to provide the castle owners with supplies and both manual and animal labour.
For many centuries the residents of Winkels had to walk long distances to the next church, in Mengerskirchen. In 1879 they began to build their own small church which was completed in 1880. Originally called the Strieder Chapel after the then mayor Strieder, it was extended in 1947 and today carries the name "Mariä Geburt" (Birth of Mary).
Agriculture in the stony grounds around the hills of the "Westerwaldes" was always difficult and the residents lived a poor and hard life. Only after the industrial revolution started and the menfolk could travel to nearby towns and cities to earn extra money, did the situation improve somewhat. Many "Winkelser" citizens were skilled builders and worked as stonemasons, bricklayers or carpenters in Westfalen, or in Siegerland or in Bergische during the spring and summer months, leaving the old, the women and children to plough and work the fields. In the long Winter months they occupied themselves with home-work and many were skilled weavers, filter-makers or potters. There were once two very large ovens to bake the pottery products of this small village.
After the 2nd World War there were significant shifts in the population, in part due to displaced persons relocating. From the mid-1950s there was a significant decrease in farming. The majority of the residents today commute to work in nearby and some more distant towns and cities such as Weilburg, Limburg, Wetzlar, Wiesbaden and Frankfurt. Also two local clay pits opened up to extract a rare quality clay from the ground. Several small workshops and factories have settled into the area providing work for local men and women.
The former independent village of Winkels, as part of the Oberlahnkreis, combined with the neighbour town of Mengerskirchen and a few other small villages during the state ordered Federal Boundaries Reform Act on 1 January 1971.
Major Anniversary.
Winkels celebrated its 750th year birthday on the 7th to 10 August 1987. Among some of the many important state and city representatives attending, was the Mayor of Berlin (Berlin celebrating its 700 year birthday later that same year) attended, as did a group of Dutch citizens and the mayor of the north Holland Partner town Berkhout, and the Mayor of Bad Kissingen (as a representative from a town suburb that also carries the name Winkels).
Partner Town.
Berkhout in Holland (52°38′N, 5°0′E) is a town in the Dutch province of North Holland.
It is a part of the municipality of Wester-Koggenland, and lies about west of Hoorn.

</doc>
<doc id="18473045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473045" title="Sitno, Biała Podlaska County">
Sitno, Biała Podlaska County

Sitno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzyrzec Podlaski, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Międzyrzec Podlaski, west of Biała Podlaska, and north of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473046" title="Strzakły">
Strzakły

Strzakły is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzyrzec Podlaski, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Międzyrzec Podlaski, west of Biała Podlaska, and north of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473048" title="Tłuściec">
Tłuściec

Tłuściec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzyrzec Podlaski, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Międzyrzec Podlaski, west of Biała Podlaska, and north of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 480.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473052" title="Tuliłów">
Tuliłów

Tuliłów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzyrzec Podlaski, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Międzyrzec Podlaski, west of Biała Podlaska, and north of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473053" title="Utrówka">
Utrówka

Utrówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzyrzec Podlaski, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Międzyrzec Podlaski, west of Biała Podlaska, and north of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473054" title="Wólka Krzymowska">
Wólka Krzymowska

Wólka Krzymowska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzyrzec Podlaski, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Międzyrzec Podlaski, west of Biała Podlaska, and north of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473058" title="Wysokie, Biała Podlaska County">
Wysokie, Biała Podlaska County

Wysokie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzyrzec Podlaski, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473060" title="Żabce">
Żabce

Żabce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzyrzec Podlaski, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Międzyrzec Podlaski, west of Biała Podlaska, and north of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473063" title="Zaścianki">
Zaścianki

Zaścianki may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18473064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473064" title="Zaścianki, Lublin Voivodeship">
Zaścianki, Lublin Voivodeship

Zaścianki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzyrzec Podlaski, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473065" title="Zasiadki">
Zasiadki

Zasiadki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzyrzec Podlaski, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Międzyrzec Podlaski, west of Biała Podlaska, and north of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473068" title="Zawadki">
Zawadki

Zawadki may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18473070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473070" title="Zawadki, Biała Podlaska County">
Zawadki, Biała Podlaska County

Zawadki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzyrzec Podlaski, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Międzyrzec Podlaski, west of Biała Podlaska, and north of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473075" title="Chotyłów">
Chotyłów

Chotyłów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piszczac, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Piszczac, east of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has an approximate population of 900.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473076" title="List of N44 roads">
List of N44 roads

N44 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18473077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473077" title="Dąbrowica Mała">
Dąbrowica Mała

Dąbrowica Mała is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piszczac, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Piszczac, south-east of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473078" title="Dobrynka">
Dobrynka

Dobrynka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piszczac, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Piszczac, east of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473079" title="Janówka, Gmina Piszczac">
Janówka, Gmina Piszczac

Janówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piszczac, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
The village has a population of 27.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473083" title="Kolonia Piszczac I">
Kolonia Piszczac I

Kolonia Piszczac I is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piszczac, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Piszczac, east of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 160.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473086" title="Kolonia Piszczac II">
Kolonia Piszczac II

Kolonia Piszczac II is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piszczac, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Piszczac, east of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 250.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473089" title="Kolonia Piszczac III">
Kolonia Piszczac III

Kolonia Piszczac III is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piszczac, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Piszczac, east of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 160.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473092" title="Kościeniewicze">
Kościeniewicze

Kościeniewicze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piszczac, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Piszczac, south-east of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473094" title="Nowy Dwór, Biała Podlaska County">
Nowy Dwór, Biała Podlaska County

Nowy Dwór is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piszczac, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Piszczac, east of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473095" title="Ortel Królewski Drugi">
Ortel Królewski Drugi

Ortel Królewski Drugi is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piszczac, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Piszczac, south-east of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 280.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473097" title="Ortel Królewski Pierwszy">
Ortel Królewski Pierwszy

Ortel Królewski Pierwszy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piszczac, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.

</doc>
<doc id="18473098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473098" title="Piszczac">
Piszczac

Piszczac is a village in Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Piszczac. It lies approximately east of Biała Podlaska and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 2,087.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473102" title="Piszczac-Kolonia">
Piszczac-Kolonia

Piszczac-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piszczac, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Piszczac, south-east of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 400.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473105" title="Połoski">
Połoski

Połoski is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piszczac, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Piszczac, east of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473106" title="Połoski Nowe">
Połoski Nowe

Połoski Nowe is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piszczac, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473107" title="Połoski Stare">
Połoski Stare

Połoski Stare is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piszczac, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473110" title="Popiel, Lublin Voivodeship">
Popiel, Lublin Voivodeship

Popiel is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piszczac, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Piszczac, east of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 160.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473112" title="Trojanów">
Trojanów

Trojanów may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18473113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473113" title="Trojanów, Lublin Voivodeship">
Trojanów, Lublin Voivodeship

Trojanów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piszczac, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Piszczac, east of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473114" title="Wólka Kościeniewicka">
Wólka Kościeniewicka

Wólka Kościeniewicka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piszczac, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Piszczac, south-east of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473115" title="Wyczółki">
Wyczółki

Wyczółki may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18473117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473117" title="Wyczółki, Lublin Voivodeship">
Wyczółki, Lublin Voivodeship

Wyczółki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piszczac, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Piszczac, south-east of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473119" title="Zahorów">
Zahorów

Zahorów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piszczac, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Piszczac, south-east of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473120" title="Zalutyń">
Zalutyń

Zalutyń is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piszczac, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Piszczac, east of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473124" title="Tanongsak Prajakkata">
Tanongsak Prajakkata

Tanongsak Prajakkata (Thai ทนงศักดิ์ ประจักกะตา) (born June 29, 1976) is a Thai football player. He is a Defender who scored 3 goals for the national team. He plays for Chainat Hornbill in Thailand Premier League.
He played for BEC Tero Sasana in the ASEAN Club Championship 2003, where the club finished runners'-up.

</doc>
<doc id="18473127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473127" title="Cieleśnica">
Cieleśnica

Cieleśnica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rokitno, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately north-east of Biała Podlaska and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473128" title="Cieleśnica PGR">
Cieleśnica PGR

Cieleśnica PGR is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rokitno, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately north-east of Biała Podlaska and north-east of the regional capital Lublin. It is the site of a former collective farm ("PGR").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473130" title="Derło">
Derło

Derło is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rokitno, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately north-east of Biała Podlaska and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.

</doc>
<doc id="18473132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473132" title="Hołodnica">
Hołodnica

Hołodnica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rokitno, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately north-east of Biała Podlaska and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473134" title="Klonownica Duża">
Klonownica Duża

Klonownica Duża is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rokitno, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately north-west of Rokitno, north-east of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473137" title="Kołczyn, Lublin Voivodeship">
Kołczyn, Lublin Voivodeship

Kołczyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rokitno, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately east of Rokitno, north-east of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473138" title="N56 road (Ireland)">
N56 road (Ireland)

The N56 road is a national secondary road in Ireland that runs from Donegal town to Letterkenny. As originally designated, it included the section of the N13 between Stranorlar and Letterkenny, forming a circular route including parts of the N15.
The route runs through the Gaeltacht in North-western County Donegal, forming a main coastal route.

</doc>
<doc id="18473139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473139" title="Kołczyn-Kolonia">
Kołczyn-Kolonia

Kołczyn-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rokitno, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473145" title="Lipnica, Lublin Voivodeship">
Lipnica, Lublin Voivodeship

Lipnica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rokitno, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately south-east of Rokitno, north-east of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473149" title="Michałki, Lublin Voivodeship">
Michałki, Lublin Voivodeship

Michałki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rokitno, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately south-east of Rokitno, east of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473150" title="Michałki-Kolonia">
Michałki-Kolonia

Michałki-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rokitno, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately north-east of Biała Podlaska and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473152" title="Olszyn">
Olszyn

Olszyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rokitno, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately north-east of Biała Podlaska and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473154" title="Pokinianka">
Pokinianka

Pokinianka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rokitno, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473156" title="Pratulin">
Pratulin

Pratulin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rokitno, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.
During "Operation Barbarossa" this forest was a staging point for the German 17th Panzer Division. At 3:30am on June 22, 1941 German Panzer and motorized troops decamped from this area, crossing the Bug river and attacking Soviet occupied Eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473161" title="Rokitno, Biała Podlaska County">
Rokitno, Biała Podlaska County

Rokitno is a village in Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Rokitno. It lies approximately north-east of Biała Podlaska and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473162" title="Rokitno-Kolonia">
Rokitno-Kolonia

Rokitno-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rokitno, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately north-east of Biała Podlaska and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 110.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473164" title="Zaczopki">
Zaczopki

Zaczopki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rokitno, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately north-east of Biała Podlaska and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473165" title="Zaczopki-Kolonia">
Zaczopki-Kolonia

Zaczopki-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rokitno, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately north-east of Biała Podlaska and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473172" title="Bordziłówka">
Bordziłówka

Bordziłówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rossosz, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Biała Podlaska and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473177" title="Kożanówka, Gmina Rossosz">
Kożanówka, Gmina Rossosz

Kożanówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rossosz, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473183" title="Albareto (meteorite)">
Albareto (meteorite)

Albareto is a meteorite which in July 1766 fell near the frazione Albareto, of Modena, Emilia-Romagna, Italy. (This town is very often erroneously confused with Albareto in the province of Parma.)
Composition and classification.
Albareto is a transitional ordinary chondrite between the L and the LL group. It belongs to the petrologic type 4.
History.
The fall of the Albareto's meteorite is documented in a document "Della caduta di un sasso dall'aria" of the natural philosopher Domenico Troili. Troili not realized the extraterrestrial origin of the phenomenon but provided with his treatise one of the first chronicles the fall of a meteorite.
In addition to describing the phenomenon Troili carefully examined and noted the meteorite grains of a mineral similar to brass, which he called "marchesita" and that for long was thought to be pyrite (FeS2). In 1862 the German mineralogist Gustav Rose analyzed the composition of this mineral, and determined a different chemical formula: FeS. Rose called this new mineral Troilite in honor of Domenico Troili

</doc>
<doc id="18473184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473184" title="Mokre, Biała Podlaska County">
Mokre, Biała Podlaska County

Mokre is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rossosz, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Rossosz, south of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473185" title="Musiejówka">
Musiejówka

Musiejówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rossosz, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473187" title="Romaszki">
Romaszki

Romaszki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rossosz, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Biała Podlaska and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 463.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473190" title="Rossosz, Biała Podlaska County">
Rossosz, Biała Podlaska County

Rossosz is a village in Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Rossosz. It lies approximately south of Biała Podlaska and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 1,000.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473197" title="Jabłeczna">
Jabłeczna

Jabłeczna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławatycze, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately north-east of Sławatycze, south-east of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has an approximate population of 320.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473198" title="N56">
N56

N56 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18473199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473199" title="Krzywowólka">
Krzywowólka

Krzywowólka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławatycze, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately north of Sławatycze, south-east of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473200" title="Krzywowólka-Kolonia">
Krzywowólka-Kolonia

Krzywowólka-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławatycze, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473202" title="Christian Seznec">
Christian Seznec

Christian Seznec (Brest, 19 November 1952) was a French professional road bicycle racer.

</doc>
<doc id="18473203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473203" title="Kuzawka-Kolonia">
Kuzawka-Kolonia

Kuzawka-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławatycze, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473204" title="Liszna">
Liszna

Liszna may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18473206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473206" title="Liszna, Lublin Voivodeship">
Liszna, Lublin Voivodeship

Liszna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławatycze, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately north of Sławatycze, south-east of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473208" title="Mościce Dolne">
Mościce Dolne

Mościce Dolne is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławatycze, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473209" title="Nowosiółki">
Nowosiółki

Nowosiółki may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18473211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473211" title="Nowosiółki, Gmina Sławatycze">
Nowosiółki, Gmina Sławatycze

Nowosiółki (, "Novosilky") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławatycze, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473212" title="Parośla">
Parośla

Parośla is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławatycze, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately north-east of Sławatycze, south-east of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 130.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473214" title="Pniski">
Pniski

Pniski is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławatycze, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately north-east of Sławatycze, south-east of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473215" title="Sajówka">
Sajówka

Sajówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławatycze, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately north-west of Sławatycze, south-east of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473216" title="Sławatycze">
Sławatycze

Sławatycze is a village in Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Sławatycze. It lies approximately south-east of Biała Podlaska and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 2,738.

</doc>
<doc id="18473217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473217" title="Rjukandefossen">
Rjukandefossen

Rjukandefossen is a double waterfall of approximately 18 metres located in the vicinity of the village Tuv in the municipality of Hemsedal, Norway.
The Rjukandefoss receives water from Mørkedøla which is a catchment for much of the melting snow in the Hemsedal fell.
A suspension bridge is located about 50–100 metres after the waterfall, which can be used to cross the river.
The name.
See > Rjukanfossen

</doc>
<doc id="18473218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473218" title="Sławatycze-Kolonia">
Sławatycze-Kolonia

Sławatycze-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławatycze, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473220" title="Terebiski">
Terebiski

Terebiski is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławatycze, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately north-east of Sławatycze, south-east of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 14.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473224" title="Zańków">
Zańków

Zańków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławatycze, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately north of Sławatycze, south-east of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473235" title="Czeputka">
Czeputka

Czeputka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sosnówka, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Sosnówka, south-east of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473237" title="Dębów, Lublin Voivodeship">
Dębów, Lublin Voivodeship

Dębów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sosnówka, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Sosnówka, south of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
Notes.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473240" title="Lipinki, Biała Podlaska County">
Lipinki, Biała Podlaska County

Lipinki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sosnówka, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Sosnówka, south-east of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473241" title="Motwica">
Motwica

Motwica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sosnówka, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Sosnówka, south of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
In Motwica was born one of the greatest polish papyrologists Kamil Bujalski.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473243" title="Omszana">
Omszana

Omszana is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sosnówka, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Sosnówka, south-east of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 440.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473244" title="Pogorzelec">
Pogorzelec

Pogorzelec may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18473246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473246" title="Pogorzelec, Lublin Voivodeship">
Pogorzelec, Lublin Voivodeship

Pogorzelec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sosnówka, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473248" title="Przechód, Lublin Voivodeship">
Przechód, Lublin Voivodeship

Przechód is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sosnówka, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Sosnówka, south-east of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473250" title="Romanów, Gmina Sosnówka">
Romanów, Gmina Sosnówka

Romanów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sosnówka, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473251" title="Rozwadówka">
Rozwadówka

Rozwadówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sosnówka, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Sosnówka, south of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 440.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473253" title="Rozwadówka-Folwark">
Rozwadówka-Folwark

Rozwadówka-Folwark is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sosnówka, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473254" title="Balti jaam">
Balti jaam

The Baltic Station () is the main railway station in Tallinn, Estonia. All local commuter, long distance and international trains depart from the station. 
The station has seven platforms, of which two are situated apart from the rest and serve either international Tallinn–Moscow and Tallinn–Saint Petersburg routes performed by GoRail, or Elron's long distance routes to Pärnu or Viljandi. Platforms closer to the station building are mostly used by the commuter trains or long distance routes to Tartu or Narva.
The Balti jaam stands close to a market called ("station market").
History.
Balti jaam is situated northwest of historic centre (Old town) of Tallinn. The first railway station in Tallinn was built in the end of 1860s as part of 400 km long St. Petersburg-Tallinn-Paldiski railway line. First main building was completed in 1870. 2-storey building was constructed from limestone and had tower like extrusions.
During World War II in 1941, the station building was set on fire by the Red Army and shortly after the war in 1945, it was partly renovated. During 1960-1966, the station was completely reconstructed. From 1990s the commuter trains 20x20m waiting pavilion is used as a market. In 2005, the station building was completely renewed and Hotel Shnelli and headquarters of Estonian Railways () have been completed nearby.

</doc>
<doc id="18473256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473256" title="Sapiehów">
Sapiehów

Sapiehów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sosnówka, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Sosnówka, south-east of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473258" title="Modern Theology (journal)">
Modern Theology (journal)

Modern Theology is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell. It publishes articles, review articles, and book reviews in the area of theology, with an ecumenical editorial policy.
Abstracting and indexing.
The journal is abstracted and indexed in ATLA Religion Database, EBSCO, Philosopher's Index, ProQuest, Religion Index One, Religious & Theological Abstracts, and Scopus.
The editors-in-chief are Jim Fodor (St. Bonaventure University) and William T. Cavanaugh (DePaul University).

</doc>
<doc id="18473259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473259" title="Wygnanka">
Wygnanka

Wygnanka may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18473261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473261" title="Wygnanka, Biała Podlaska County">
Wygnanka, Biała Podlaska County

Wygnanka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sosnówka, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473263" title="N68">
N68

N68 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18473264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473264" title="Żeszczynka">
Żeszczynka

Żeszczynka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sosnówka, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
The village has a population of 299.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473266" title="Żuława, Lublin Voivodeship">
Żuława, Lublin Voivodeship

Żuława is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sosnówka, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Sosnówka, south-east of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473272" title="N68 road (Ireland)">
N68 road (Ireland)

The N68 road is a national secondary road in Ireland. It runs from Ennis to Kilrush. It is entirely in County Clare.

</doc>
<doc id="18473277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473277" title="Bohukały">
Bohukały

Bohukały is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Terespol, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately north-west of Terespol, north-east of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473278" title="Leighton Lucas">
Leighton Lucas

Leighton Lucas (5 January 1903 – 1 November 1982) was an English composer and conductor. Born into a musical family (his father, Clarence Lucas, was also a noted composer), he began his career as a dancer for Sergei Diaghilev's Ballets Russes (1918–21). He became a ballet conductor at 19, as well as a self-taught composer of religious works and film music. 
He is particularly noted for his film compositions, including the scores for "Target for Tonight" (1941), Alfred Hitchcock's "Stage Fright" (1950), "Ice-Cold in Alex" (1958) and the incidental music for "The Dam Busters" (based on the title march by Eric Coates). 
Benjamin Britten wrote that Lucas's "Partita" (1934) for piano and chamber orchestra was "very interesting - especially quite lovely Sarabande." Lucas's 'Sinfonia Brevis' (1936?) for horn and 11 instruments may be one of the earliest British scores to incorporate Balinese gamelan effects (it was heard by Benjamin Britten who went on to use such effects in his music from "Paul Bunyan"). 

</doc>
<doc id="18473279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473279" title="Dobratycze-Kolonia">
Dobratycze-Kolonia

Dobratycze-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Terespol, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473280" title="Kobylany">
Kobylany

Kobylany may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18473281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473281" title="Kobylany, Lublin Voivodeship">
Kobylany, Lublin Voivodeship

Kobylany is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Terespol, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately south of Terespol, east of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473282" title="Kołpin">
Kołpin

Kołpin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Terespol, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473284" title="Koroszczyn">
Koroszczyn

Koroszczyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Terespol, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately west of Terespol, east of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 660.

</doc>
<doc id="18473286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473286" title="Kukuryki">
Kukuryki

Kukuryki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Terespol, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately north of Terespol, east of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 52.
A major road border crossing on Poland's National Road 68 into Belarus is located at the village. Kozlovichy is located across the border. This crossing is an alternative to the Terespol-Brest crossing further south. Kukuryki is expected to be the eastern terminus of the planned extension of Poland's A2 motorway, which will connect with the Belarussian motorway across the border in Kozlovichy. north of Brest. 
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473288" title="Kużawka">
Kużawka

Kużawka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Terespol, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately north-west of Terespol, east of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473290" title="Lebiedziew">
Lebiedziew

Lebiedziew is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Terespol, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately south of Terespol, east of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473293" title="Lechuty Duże">
Lechuty Duże

Lechuty Duże is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Terespol, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.
The village has a population of 68.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473294" title="Lechuty Małe">
Lechuty Małe

Lechuty Małe is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Terespol, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately north of Terespol, east of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473296" title="Łęgi">
Łęgi

Łęgi may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18473299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473299" title="Łęgi, Lublin Voivodeship">
Łęgi, Lublin Voivodeship

Łęgi is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Terespol, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately north-west of Terespol, north-east of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473301" title="Łobaczew Duży">
Łobaczew Duży

Łobaczew Duży is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Terespol, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.
The village has a population of 430.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473303" title="Mulloy Brothers">
Mulloy Brothers

The Mulloy Brothers are a traditional Irish ballad group from Mulranny, County Mayo, on the west coast of the Republic of Ireland. Tom, Pat, Martin and Michael Mulloy have been performing since 1964, in a career that has involved several tours around the US and Europe. They still tour today, albeit almost strictly in their own domain.
Banjo player Martin Mulloy died on 22 May 2010, drowning in a boating accident. He was 59 years old.
Michael Mulloy died on the 8th February 2007 as the result of a long term illness ages 57

</doc>
<doc id="18473304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473304" title="Łobaczew Mały">
Łobaczew Mały

Łobaczew Mały is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Terespol, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473306" title="Małaszewicze">
Małaszewicze

Małaszewicze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Terespol, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately south-west of Terespol, east of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 4,000.

</doc>
<doc id="18473308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473308" title="Małaszewicze Duże">
Małaszewicze Duże

Małaszewicze Duże is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Terespol, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately south-west of Terespol, east of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473312" title="Małaszewicze Małe">
Małaszewicze Małe

Małaszewicze Małe is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Terespol, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately south of Terespol, east of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473316" title="Michalków">
Michalków

Michalków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Terespol, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473318" title="Murawiec">
Murawiec

Murawiec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Terespol, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately south-east of Terespol, east of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473320" title="Neple">
Neple

Neple is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Terespol, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately north-west of Terespol, east of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473321" title="Podolanka, Poland">
Podolanka, Poland

Podolanka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Terespol, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473322" title="Polatycze">
Polatycze

Polatycze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Terespol, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately south-east of Terespol, east of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473324" title="Samowicze">
Samowicze

Samowicze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Terespol, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately north of Terespol, east of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473327" title="Starzynka, Lublin Voivodeship">
Starzynka, Lublin Voivodeship

Starzynka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Terespol, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473328" title="HMS Exmouth (1854)">
HMS Exmouth (1854)

HMS "Exmouth" was a 91-gun screw propelled "Albion"-class second-rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy.
Design.
"Exmouth" was ordered as a 90-gun sailing ship from Devonport Dockyard in 1841, but was ordered to be converted to operate under steam propulsion on 30 October 1852. The conversion began on 20 June 1853 and "Exmouth" was finally launched on 12 July 1854. She fitted out at Devonport Dockyard, finally being commissioned for service on 15 March 1855, having cost a total of £146,067, with £76,379 being spent on the hull as a sailing ship, and a further £24,620 spent on the machinery.
Service.
In 1855 she served in the Baltic Sea as flagship of Sir Michael Seymour. She was a guard ship at Devonport by 1859, when future admiral Robert Spencer Robinson was her captain between 1 February 1858 and May 1859. "Exmouth" was lent to the Metropolitan Asylums Board to serve as a training ship in 1877. She was sold to George Cohen on 4 April 1905 and then broken up at Penarth.

</doc>
<doc id="18473329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473329" title="Zastawek">
Zastawek

Zastawek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Terespol, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately south of Terespol, east of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473333" title="Żuki, Gmina Terespol">
Żuki, Gmina Terespol

Żuki (, "Zhuky") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Terespol, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473344" title="Bokinka Królewska">
Bokinka Królewska

Bokinka Królewska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuczna, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Tuczna, south-east of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473345" title="Bokinka Pańska">
Bokinka Pańska

Bokinka Pańska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuczna, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Tuczna, south-east of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473346" title="Choroszczynka">
Choroszczynka

Choroszczynka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuczna, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Tuczna, south-east of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473347" title="Dąbrowica Duża">
Dąbrowica Duża

Dąbrowica Duża is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuczna, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Tuczna, south-east of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473348" title="Kalichowszczyzna">
Kalichowszczyzna

Kalichowszczyzna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuczna, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Tuczna, south-east of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473349" title="Leniuszki">
Leniuszki

Leniuszki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuczna, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Tuczna, south-east of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473350" title="Matiaszówka">
Matiaszówka

Matiaszówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuczna, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Tuczna, south-east of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473354" title="Mazanówka">
Mazanówka

Mazanówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuczna, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Tuczna, south-east of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473357" title="Międzyleś">
Międzyleś

Międzyleś may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18473360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473360" title="Międzyleś, Lublin Voivodeship">
Międzyleś, Lublin Voivodeship

Międzyleś is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuczna, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Tuczna, south-east of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 340.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473363" title="Ogrodniki, Gmina Tuczna">
Ogrodniki, Gmina Tuczna

Ogrodniki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuczna, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473366" title="Rozbitówka">
Rozbitówka

Rozbitówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuczna, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Tuczna, south-east of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473367" title="Tuczna">
Tuczna

Tuczna is a village in Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Tuczna. It lies approximately south-east of Biała Podlaska and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473369" title="Wiski, Biała Podlaska County">
Wiski, Biała Podlaska County

Wiski is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuczna, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Tuczna, south-east of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473370" title="Władysławów, Biała Podlaska County">
Władysławów, Biała Podlaska County

Władysławów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuczna, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473372" title="List of N85 roads">
List of N85 roads

This is a list of roads abbreviated N85.

</doc>
<doc id="18473373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473373" title="Wólka Zabłocka, Biała Podlaska County">
Wólka Zabłocka, Biała Podlaska County

Wólka Zabłocka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuczna, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Tuczna, south-east of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473375" title="Wólka Zabłocka-Kolonia">
Wólka Zabłocka-Kolonia

Wólka Zabłocka-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuczna, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473377" title="Żuki, Gmina Tuczna">
Żuki, Gmina Tuczna

Żuki (, "Zhuky") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuczna, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Tuczna, south-east of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473385" title="N85 road (Ireland)">
N85 road (Ireland)

The N85 road is a national secondary road in Ireland connecting Ennis and Ennistymon. The route connects to the M18 Ennis bypass and forms part of the Ennis outer ring road as the "N85 Western Relief Road". From Ennis the route continues in a north - west direction and terminates at the junction with the N67 at Ennistymon. It is located entirely in County Clare.

</doc>
<doc id="18473386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473386" title="Curyn">
Curyn

Curyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wisznice, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Wisznice, south of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473388" title="Dołholiska">
Dołholiska

Dołholiska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wisznice, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Wisznice, south of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473390" title="Dubica Dolna">
Dubica Dolna

Dubica Dolna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wisznice, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Wisznice, south of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473391" title="Dubica Górna">
Dubica Górna

Dubica Górna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wisznice, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Wisznice, south of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473392" title="Horodyszcze, Poland">
Horodyszcze, Poland

Horodyszcze may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18473393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473393" title="Horodyszcze, Biała Podlaska County">
Horodyszcze, Biała Podlaska County

Horodyszcze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wisznice, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Wisznice, south of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 841.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473394" title="Marjan Kovačević">
Marjan Kovačević

Marjan Kovačević (* 8 April 1957) is a Serbian chess problemist.
In 1988 Kovačević gained the title International Solving Grandmaster. In 2007 Kovačević gained the title Grandmaster of the FIDE for Chess Compositions.
Examples.
Solution
1. Ka5-b5! (threat "2. Rc1-c4 mate")
1. ... Qh5xc5+ 2. Ba7xc5
1. ... Qh5-e8+ 2. Nc5-d7 
1. ... Qh5-e2+ 2. Nc5-d3 
1. ... Nf2-e4 2. Re2xe4 
1. ... Bd2-c3 2. Nb4-c2 
1. ... Bd2xc1 2. Nb4-d5 
1. ... Bd2-e3 2. Nb4-d3

</doc>
<doc id="18473395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473395" title="Kolonia Wisznice">
Kolonia Wisznice

Kolonia Wisznice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wisznice, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Wisznice, south of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 270.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473396" title="2007–08 Owen Cup">
2007–08 Owen Cup

Following are the results of the 2007-08 Owen Cup, the Staffordshire, England Rugby Union Cup played at Senior Level.
Knockout stage.
Preliminary round
Barton 29 0 Stone
Linley 3 11 Eccleshall

</doc>
<doc id="18473397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473397" title="Łyniew">
Łyniew

Łyniew is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wisznice, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Wisznice, south of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473398" title="1969 Melbourne Transportation Plan">
1969 Melbourne Transportation Plan

The 1969 Melbourne Transportation Plan was a road and rail transport plan for Melbourne, the state capital of Victoria, Australia, instituted by Henry Bolte's state government. It outlined most prominently an extensive freeway network, much of which has since been built. 
The plan recommended of freeway for metropolitan Melbourne, as well as extensive railways, including the city underground loop and two new lines to Doncaster and Monash University (now Clayton Campus) which were never built. Despite the majority of the printed material being devoted to non-car transport, 86 per cent of the projected budget was devoted to roads and parking, with only 14 per cent to other forms of transport. 
The plan was described J.M. Thompson in "Great Cities and their Traffic" as 
"clearly ... a highway plan, not – as it is called – a comprehensive transport plan"
... and by historian Graeme Davison as 
"the most expansive and expensive freeway experiment in Australian history" 
In 1973 the freeway plans were pruned, especially in the inner city, with State Premier Rupert Hamer cancelling all the road reservations for the unbuilt urban freeways in 1976. 
Some outer suburban projects continued to be built by subsequent governments under new banners, including EastLink (by the Steve Bracks government), the Peninsula Link and North-East Link (by the John Brumby government) as part of the Victorian Transport Plan.
Background.
The plan consisted of three volumes:
The scope of the plan specified surveys of vehicular and personal travel, transport facilities, goods movement by road and rail, and central city parking. It built on the previous major Melbourne Transport Plans:
and the minor
Goals.
The goals of the plan were to:
Funding.
The costs of the development of the plan were shared by the four participating authorities:
Minor contributions were provided by Melbourne City Council and the Transport Regulation Board.
Methodology.
The process adopted was:
Organisation.
The organisation required to develop the plan included:
Road.
The plan proposed a budget of:
Ring roads.
A link between the eastern and northern ring roads has been discussed as recent as July 2008, but the link would have to pass through the green wedge regions of Warrandyte, Eltham and Greensborough. This would require the destruction of areas of native vegetation or tunnels that would be longer than CityLink.
Parking.
The plan included a proposed budget of $40 million for improvements in parking in the Melbourne central business district.
Buses.
The plan included a proposed budget $58 million for bus improvements:
Rail.
The forecasted budget for railway projects was $242 million. Planned rail projects included:
Trams.
The plan included a proposed budget $55 million for 910 new trams.
See also.
Adelaide:
Hobart:

</doc>
<doc id="18473403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473403" title="Sakda Joemdee">
Sakda Joemdee

Sakda Joemdee (Thai ศักดา เจิมดี) (born April 7, 1982) is a Thai football player. He is a Defender who scored 1 goals for the national team. Currently, He has played for Hoàng Anh Gia Lai in V.League 1 of Vietnam. Sakda has Vietnamese nationality on 17/1/2009 with name Đoàn Văn Sakda.
Honours.
"International"

</doc>
<doc id="18473405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473405" title="Marylin, Lublin Voivodeship">
Marylin, Lublin Voivodeship

Marylin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wisznice, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
The village has a population of 120.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473407" title="Glyncoch">
Glyncoch

Glyncoch is a village to the north of Pontypridd in Rhondda Cynon Taf, Wales. The name Glyncoch is Welsh for 'Red glen' ("glyn" "glen, small valley" + "coch" "red").
Glyncoch is a mainly social housing community between Pontypridd and Ynysybwl lying on the mountain opposite Coed-Y-Cwm. Within the commumity there are three grocery shops, Post Office, Pharmacy, Chinese Takeaway, Community Centre and two schools.
Bus services to and from the community are frequent with services to Pontypridd, Ynysybwl and Aberdare. Bus routes are operated by Veolia Transport Cymru and New Adventure Travel.

</doc>
<doc id="18473409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473409" title="Polubicze Dworskie">
Polubicze Dworskie

Polubicze Dworskie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wisznice, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Wisznice, south of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473410" title="Duke of Cadaval">
Duke of Cadaval

The Dukes of Cadaval have their origins in "Dom" Álvaro of Braganza, Lord of Tentúgal, Póvoa, Buarcos and Cadaval, 4th male son of "Dom" Ferdinand I, 2nd Duke of Braganza. "Dom" Álvaro married "Dona" Phillipa of Melo, the rich daughter and heir of Rodrigo Afonso de Melo, 1st. Count of Olivenza. 
The title was created on April 26, 1645, by King John IV of Portugal to his distant cousin, "Dom" Nuno Álvares Pereira de Melo (1638–1727), who was already 3rd Marquis of Ferreira and 5th Count of Tentúgal.
Family Name.
The Dukes family name is Álvares Pereira de Melo.
"Dom" Nuno Álvares Pereira, the remarkable Constable of Portugal, is among their ancestors.
A new title: Cadaval-Hermès.
When Jaime III Álvares Pereira de Melo, 10th Duke of Cadaval died in 2001, he left four daughters: two from his first (civil) marriage, and two others from his second (religious) marriage. Leadership of the house and its possessions was disputed by the elder daughters of each marriage:
Duarte Pio, Duke of Braganza, in the "de jure" capacity of Head of the historical Royal House of Portugal, recognized Diana Álvares Pereira de Melo as 11th Duchess of Cadaval.
However, he also granted to her eldest half-sister, Rosalinda Álvares Pereira de Melo, the new title of Duchess of Cadaval-Hermès, because she is married to Hubert de Guerrand-Hermès, the House Hermès heir. "Dona" Rosalinda also obtained both titles of Marquise of Ferreira and Countess of Tentúgal, historically allocated to the heir of the Duke of Cadaval. Rosalinda (or her heirs) is designated to succeed her younger half sister as Duchess of Cadaval. 
There is some controversy about the Hermès title, as effectively it constitutes a new creation since inauguration of the republican regime (in Portugal: the Republic abolished all titles of Portuguese nobility in 1910).

</doc>
<doc id="18473411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473411" title="Polubicze Wiejskie">
Polubicze Wiejskie

Polubicze Wiejskie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wisznice, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Wisznice, south of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473413" title="Ratajewicze">
Ratajewicze

Ratajewicze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wisznice, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Wisznice, south of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473416" title="Rowiny">
Rowiny

Rowiny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wisznice, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Wisznice, south of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473419" title="Wisznice">
Wisznice

Wisznice is a village in Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Wisznice. It lies approximately south of Biała Podlaska and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 1,559.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473426" title="Wygoda, Gmina Wisznice">
Wygoda, Gmina Wisznice

Wygoda is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wisznice, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Wisznice, south of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473432" title="Swiss Path">
Swiss Path

The Swiss Path is the name given to a special national path in central Switzerland opened in 1991. It makes a loop around one arm of Lake Lucerne, starting in Rütli and passing through Bauen, Flüelen, Sisikon and Morschach, finishing at Brunnen. The total length is around , taking 2 or 3 days to complete.
The route recognises each of the cantons making up Switzerland, with markers announcing each canton along the route. The length of route for each canton is proportional to the population at the time of building, and the order is determined by the order in which the cantons joined the Swiss federation.

</doc>
<doc id="18473440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473440" title="Berezówka">
Berezówka

Berezówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zalesie, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Biała Podlaska and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473441" title="Norman Warne">
Norman Warne

Norman Dalziel Warne (1868 – 25 August 1905) was the third son of publisher Frederick Warne, and joined his father's firm Frederick Warne & Co. as editor. In 1900 the company rejected Beatrix Potter's "The Tale of Peter Rabbit", but eventually reconsidered and published the book in October 1902 to great success. Norman Warne became Potter's editor and they worked together on several subsequent books and spinoffs such as soft toys and "The Game of Peter Rabbit". 
In 1904 Potter and Warne worked closely together to develop a tale about two mice and a doll house. Potter began spending more time at the firm's offices and took several trips to Warne's home to sketch a doll house he was constructing for his nieces. In July 1905 Warne proposed. Potter accepted, but, before a marriage could take place, Warne died suddenly and unexpectedly of pernicious anemia on 25 August 1905. Potter remained in touch with Warne's sister Millie for many years, and his brothers Harold and Fruing became her editors. The relationship between Potter and Warne became the basis for the 2006 film "Miss Potter". In 2012, a decision to erect a plaque at his former home in Bedford Square honoring his memory was turned down by English Heritage, presumably because of the lack of funding on English Heritage's part, as they only have funding to erect 12-15 plaques per year. 
Career and relationship with Beatrix Potter.
In 1894 Frederick Warne retired from active management of the Bedford Street publishing firm bearing his name in London and ceded control to his three sons, Harold, Fruing, and Norman before his death in 1905. Harold was a managing partner, Fruing was responsible for sales, and Norman handled production and some sales. Norman's brothers were both married men, but he was a 33-year-old bachelor living with his unmarried sister Amelia ("Millie") and his widowed mother in the family house in Bedford Square in Bloomsbury when the 35-year-old Potter met him in 1901. Potter almost always dealt with Norman during negotiations for the publication of "Peter Rabbit" and their terms of address had evolved from "Sir" and "Madam" to "Mr. Warne" and "Miss Potter" by the time a contract was signed in 1902. 
In October 1902 "The Tale of Peter Rabbit" was published and Potter became a frequent visitor to Warne's offices at the same time. She arrived in the Potter carriage with the elderly family cook Elizabeth Harper (or other servant as chaperone) or her fellow illustrator and friend Gertrude Woodward. Potter and Warne were never alone in each other's company. Potter's letters reveal a friendship was developing between the author and her editor-publisher as they discussed possibilities for future tales ("Squirrel Nutkin" and "Mr. Jeremy Fisher" in particular) and the complexities of the printing process. 
In 1903, Potter wrote Warne that she was giving thought to a "Peter Rabbit" sequel to follow "The Tailor of Gloucester" and "The Tale of Squirrel Nutkin" but learned Norman had left London on a selling trip. She was disappointed when Harold Warne invited her to the offices to discuss her ideas. She abruptly declined his invitation and asked that her letters be forwarded to Norman. Harold gently suggested she send the sequel for Norman's review at his return. She did, and the tale was accepted for 1904 publication as "The Tale of Benjamin Bunny". Warnes wanted two books per annum from Potter, not only for commercial advantage but because she took an extraordinary amount of time to complete the illustrations. The second book for 1904 was yet to be determined when Potter left with her parents to summer at Fawe Park near Keswick. There she sketched backgrounds for "Benjamin Bunny" and returned to London in September. Norman left on another selling trip in November and Potter for a week's holiday in Hastings where she composed three tales. One was accepted as the companion piece to "Benjamin Bunny" and published as "The Tale of Two Bad Mice".
The courtship between Potter and Warne was conducted through the medium of "Two Bad Mice" and the letters surrounding it. She had come to call him "Johnny Crow" in line with his nieces. Both took delight in developing the tale of the mice. Warne had a hand in the mechanics of the illustrations (supplying Potter with the dolls, the toy food, and the photographs of the dollhouse), but Potter's letters, though circumspect, reveal her increasingly intimate and loving relationship with him and her growing frustration with parents who dreaded bringing a man they considered their social inferior into the family and a man who would take their housekeeper, nurse, and general factotum away from them. She responded positively to Warne's growing appreciation of her professionalism and her artistry; they discussed the development of her works step-by-step and she realized his criticism and his advice always improved the product.
In July 1905 Potter was engaged in correcting proofs for "The Tale of Mrs. Tiggy-Winkle" when Warne proposed marriage by letter on July 25. Potter accepted the same day. A firestorm was unleashed in the Potter household: her parents vehemently objected to her union with a man they considered their social inferior, a tradesman without professional accomplishment. Potter regarded her parents objections as hypocritical and unreasonable because both sets of her grandparents had been tradesmen engaged in the cotton trade. At some point, Warne and Potter exchanged rings but Potter ceded to her parents' demands and did not make a public announcement. The engagement would be a family secret. Meanwhile, Norman returned from a sales trip to Manchester very ill, and was ordered to complete bed rest on 29 July. Potter last saw him on 22 July before leaving on 4 August for a sketching trip to Wales. Warne died in his bedroom in Bedford Square on 25 August of lymphatic leukemia, a difficult disease to diagnose at that time. He was 37. His burial was held on 29 August in Highgate Cemetery in London. Potter had been summoned to London on the 25th by the Warnes but did not arrive until the 27th. Her grief was immeasurable. In December she sent Warne's sister Millie a watercolour sketch of a barley field she had completed the evening before Warne's death: "I try to think of the golden sheaves, and harvest," she wrote, "He did not live long but fulfilled a useful happy life."

</doc>
<doc id="18473442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473442" title="Dereczanka">
Dereczanka

Dereczanka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zalesie, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Biała Podlaska and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473443" title="Dobryń Duży">
Dobryń Duży

Dobryń Duży is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zalesie, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473446" title="Dobryń Mały">
Dobryń Mały

Dobryń Mały is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zalesie, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Biała Podlaska and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473448" title="Dobryń-Kolonia">
Dobryń-Kolonia

Dobryń-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zalesie, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473449" title="Horbów">
Horbów

Horbów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zalesie, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Biała Podlaska and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473452" title="Horbów-Kolonia">
Horbów-Kolonia

Horbów-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zalesie, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473453" title="DESCHALL Project">
DESCHALL Project

DESCHALL, short for DES Challenge, was the first group to publicly break a message which used the Data Encryption Standard (DES), becoming the $10,000 winner of the first of the set of DES Challenges proposed by RSA Security in 1997. It was established by a group of computer scientists led by Rocke Verser assisted by Justin Dolske and Matt Curtin and involved thousands of volunteers who ran software in the background on their own machines, connected by the Internet. They announced their success on June 18, only 96 days after the challenge was announced on January 28.
Background.
To search the 72 quadrillion possible keys of a 56-bit DES key using conventional computers was considered impractical even in the 1990s. Rocke Verser already had an efficient algorithm that ran on a standard PC and had the idea of involving the spare time on hundreds of other such machines that were connected to the internet. So they set up a server on a 486-based PS/2 PC with 56MB of memory and announced the project via Usenet towards the end of March. Client software was rapidly written for a large variety of home machines and eventually some more powerful 64 bit systems.
There were two other main contenders: SoINET (a Swedish group), and a group at Silicon Graphics, a manufacturer of high-performance computers, which was in the lead until late in the day. Other groups using supercomputers withdrew after SYN flood attacks on their networks.
The Project.
With the software that was used, a single 200 MHz Pentium system was able to test approximately 1 million keys/second if it was doing nothing else. At this rate it would take around 2,285 years to search the entire key-space. The number of computers being used rose rapidly and in the end, a total of 78,000 different IP addresses had been recorded, with a maximum of 14,000 unique hosts in a 24 hour period. By the time the key was found, they had searched about a quarter of the key-space and were searching about 7 billion keys per second, but the number of participants was still increasing rapidly.
The owner of the computer that found the solution was awarded $4,000 of the prize, with the rest going to the originator of the project.
The conclusion of the paper describing the project was "We have demonstrated that a brute-force search of DES keyspace is not only possible, but is also becoming practical for even modestly funded groups. RSA's prize for the find was US$10,000; it is safe to say that DES is inadequate for protecting data of any greater value."

</doc>
<doc id="18473460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473460" title="Kijowiec, Lublin Voivodeship">
Kijowiec, Lublin Voivodeship

Kijowiec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zalesie, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Zalesie, east of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473462" title="Kijowiec-Kolonia">
Kijowiec-Kolonia

Kijowiec-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zalesie, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473465" title="Kłoda Duża">
Kłoda Duża

Kłoda Duża is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zalesie, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473468" title="Kłoda Mała">
Kłoda Mała

Kłoda Mała is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zalesie, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Zalesie, east of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473470" title="Koczukówka">
Koczukówka

Koczukówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zalesie, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473472" title="Lachówka Duża">
Lachówka Duża

Lachówka Duża is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zalesie, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Zalesie, east of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473473" title="Lachówka Mała">
Lachówka Mała

Lachówka Mała is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zalesie, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Zalesie, east of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473474" title="Malowa Góra">
Malowa Góra

Malowa Góra is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zalesie, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Zalesie, east of Biała Podlaska, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473477" title="Nowosiółki, Gmina Zalesie">
Nowosiółki, Gmina Zalesie

Nowosiółki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zalesie, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473479" title="René Bittinger">
René Bittinger

René Bittinger (Villé, 9 October 1954) is a French former professional road bicycle racer.

</doc>
<doc id="18473481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473481" title="Wólka Dobryńska">
Wólka Dobryńska

Wólka Dobryńska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zalesie, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Biała Podlaska and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473485" title="Zalesie, Biała Podlaska County">
Zalesie, Biała Podlaska County

Zalesie is a village in Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Zalesie. It lies approximately east of Biała Podlaska and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473500" title="United Democratic Party (Nepal)">
United Democratic Party (Nepal)

United Democratic Party was a political party in Nepal, active in the 1950s. The party was led by K.I. Singh. The party was aligned with the Nepal Praja Parishad of Tanka Prasad Acharya, and opposed to the Nepali Congress

</doc>
<doc id="18473502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473502" title="Aleksandrów, Biłgoraj County">
Aleksandrów, Biłgoraj County

Aleksandrów is a village in Biłgoraj County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Aleksandrów. It lies approximately south-east of Biłgoraj and south of the regional capital Lublin.
During WWII, Aleskandrow was in the midst of partisan activity against the local German garrison, and the ensuing Operation Sturmwind II that culminated in the Battle of Osuchy. Early on in either 1940 or 1944, half of the village was burnt to the ground before a high ranking German officer came by to stop it. 
The village has a population of 3,135.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473503" title="Margole">
Margole

Margole is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Aleksandrów, within Biłgoraj County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Aleksandrów, south-east of Biłgoraj, and south of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 23.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473505" title="Podlas">
Podlas

Podlas may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18473507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473507" title="Podlas, Lublin Voivodeship">
Podlas, Lublin Voivodeship

Podlas is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Aleksandrów, within Biłgoraj County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Aleksandrów, south-east of Biłgoraj, and south of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 34.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473508" title="N86">
N86

N86 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18473509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473509" title="Sigła">
Sigła

Sigła is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Aleksandrów, within Biłgoraj County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Aleksandrów, south-east of Biłgoraj, and south of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 15.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473510" title="Ethylene-responsive element binding protein">
Ethylene-responsive element binding protein

Ethylene-responsive element binding protein (EREBP) is a homeobox gene from "Arabidopsis thaliana" and other plants which encodes a transcription factor. EREBP is responsible in part for mediating the response in plants to the plant hormone ethylene.

</doc>
<doc id="18473513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473513" title="William Petre (disambiguation)">
William Petre (disambiguation)

William Petre may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18473519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473519" title="Andrzejówka">
Andrzejówka

Andrzejówka may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18473520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473520" title="Andrzejówka, Biłgoraj County">
Andrzejówka, Biłgoraj County

Andrzejówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biłgoraj, within Biłgoraj County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Biłgoraj and south of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 213.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473521" title="Legion (2010 film)">
Legion (2010 film)

Legion is a 2010 American apocalyptic supernatural action film directed by Scott Stewart, written by Peter Schink and Stewart. The cast includes Paul Bettany, Lucas Black, Tyrese Gibson, Adrianne Palicki, Kate Walsh and Dennis Quaid. Sony Pictures Worldwide Acquisitions Group acquired most of this film's worldwide distribution rights and the group opened this film in North America theatrically on January 22, 2010 through Screen Gems.
Plot.
The Archangel Michael falls to Earth in Los Angeles and cuts off his wings. He steals a police car after a policeman is killed by another officer who is possessed. He then heads for the Paradise Falls diner, near the edge of the Mojave Desert. Meanwhile, Kyle, a single father driving to Los Angeles, stops at the diner. There he meets the owner, Bob Hanson; Hanson's son, Jeep; the short-order cook, Percy; a pregnant waitress, Charlie; a married couple, Howard and Sandra Anderson; and their rebellious teenage daughter, Audrey. An old woman enters the diner. She seems pleasant at first, but then begins taunting the diner's patrons. When Howard confronts her, she rips his throat open, screeches that they are all going to die, and climbs up the ceiling like an insect. Kyle shoots her before she can kill Jeep. Percy, Kyle, Sandra, Audrey, and Charlie try to get Howard to the hospital, but they are forced to turn back after passing through a swarm of flies.
Michael arrives and arms the patrons as the entire sky plunges into blackness. Hundreds of cars approach, filled with possessed people who begin to attack the diner. Michael leads the patrons in the fight, but Howard is dragged away. Later, Michael explains that God has lost faith in mankind and has sent His angels to destroy the human race. He also reveals that Charlie's baby must stay alive, as it is destined to be the savior of mankind; Michael disobeyed God's order to kill Charlie's baby, as he still has faith in humanity. The next morning, Sandra discovers Howard crucified behind the restaurant and covered with huge boils. She tries to rescue him, but he violently explodes into acid. Percy dies shielding Sandra from the blast, and Sandra is driven insane. Meanwhile, the remaining survivors hear a radio transmission that reveals there are other pockets of resistance. One such refuge is nearby, but Michael advises them not to go, since they would be too vulnerable on the move.
That night, a second wave of possessed attack. Kyle is lured out by a trap and killed, and the attack pushes a panicked Charlie into labor. Audrey and Michael help her deliver the baby as trumpets sound, signaling the approach of the Archangel Gabriel. In a panic, Sandra breaks her restraints and tries to give the baby to the possessed, but Michael guns her down. Moments later, Gabriel enters the diner and seriously injures Bob. Michael urges the group to escape and enigmatically tells Jeep to "find the prophets, learn to read the instructions". The hordes of possessed humans are unable to approach Charlie's baby, so Jeep, Audrey, Charlie, and the baby make their way to Michael's cruiser. Gabriel and Michael fight to a standstill, ending with Gabriel's stabbing Michael through the chest with his mace. Michael dies and his body disappears. Dying, Bob uses a lighter engraved "hope" to ignite the diner's gas main and blow up the diner, incinerating himself and the remaining possessed.
Jeep's body is covered in the same mysterious drawings seen on Michael's body; Jeep concludes that the tattoos are his instructions. Gabriel then appears and swoops down on the fleeing car. As he tries to reach Charlie, Audrey jumps on him and sacrifices herself by yelling at Jeep to slam on the brakes, sending her and Gabriel through the front windshield as the car crashes. Gabriel finally corners the three in the nearby mountains. He is about to kill them when Michael descends from Heaven, an angel once more, and stops Gabriel. Michael tells Gabriel that Gabriel gave God what he asked for but Michael did what God needed, thus giving humanity another chance; Michael also gives the impression that everything that happened so far was part of God's plan to test His angels. Ashamed, Gabriel leaves. Michael explains to Jeep that he is the child's true protector and to have faith they will see him again. Michael then flies off. Charlie and Jeep make it to the top of the mountain and see a small town in the valley below. Sometime later, Charlie, Jeep, and the baby are seen driving off into the distance with a station wagon full of weapons.
Production.
Principal photography took place in New Mexico in the summer of 2009.
Release.
Box office.
"Legion" was released on January 22, 2010 in 2,476 theaters and took in $6,686,233—$2,700 per theater its opening day. On its opening weekend it grossed $17,501,625—$7,069 per theater and placed No. 2, only behind "Avatar". It placed No. 6 on its second weekend, and grossed an estimated $6,800,000—$2,746 per theater, a 61.1% drop from the previous weekend. The film has come to gross $67,918,658 worldwide.
Critical response.
The film received negative reviews from critics. Review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes gives the film a score of 20% based on reviews from 100 critics, with an average rating average of 3.8 out of 10. The site's general consensus is: "Despite a solid cast and intermittent thrills, "Legion" suffers from a curiously languid pace, confused plot, and an excess of dialogue." Metacritic, which assigns a weighted average score out of 0–100 reviews from film critics, has a rating score of 32% based on 14 reviews.
Paul Nicholasi of Dread Central gave the film a one and a half out of five stars, saying, "The finished product is shockingly bad. If countless angles of people firing guns with spent shells clinking to the ground is all your heart yearns for, then "Legion" may be your ideal Saturday night. Hoping for anything more is an exercise in futility. Spare yourself the agony." Brad Miska of Bloody Disgusting gave it 1 out of 5 stars, calling it "a prude film with some potential. It's boring, slow paced and it takes itself way too seriously." "Variety" film critic Joe Leydon gave the film a mixed analysis. Leydon claimed "Even when the blood-and-thunder hokiness of the over-the-top plot tilts perilously close to absurdity, the admirably straight-faced performances by well-cast lead players provide just enough counterbalance to sustain curiosity and sympathy." Frank Scheck of "The Hollywood Reporter" also gave the film a mixed review stating, "As the above description demonstrates, the goings-on in "Legion" are seriously silly (not to mention more than a little derivative of endless movies, especially the "Terminator" series), but director Scott Stewart has provided enough stylish finesse to make the proceedings a real hoot."
Home media.
"Legion" was released on DVD and Blu-ray on May 11, 2010.
TV Spin-off.
Syfy has ordered a pilot titled "Dominion" set 25 years after the end of the film. Director Scott Stewart will serve as executive producer on the series, as well as direct the pilot episode, written by Vaun Wilmott.

</doc>
<doc id="18473522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473522" title="Brodziaki">
Brodziaki

Brodziaki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biłgoraj, within Biłgoraj County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Biłgoraj and south of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 101.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473523" title="Bukowa">
Bukowa

Bukowa may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18473530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473530" title="Bukowa, Lublin Voivodeship">
Bukowa, Lublin Voivodeship

Bukowa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biłgoraj, within Biłgoraj County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Biłgoraj and south of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a Christ population of 652.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473532" title="Ciosmy">
Ciosmy

Ciosmy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biłgoraj, within Biłgoraj County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Biłgoraj and south of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 376.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473533" title="Cyncynopol">
Cyncynopol

Cyncynopol is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biłgoraj, within Biłgoraj County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Biłgoraj and south of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 36.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473538" title="Dąbrowica, Biłgoraj County">
Dąbrowica, Biłgoraj County

Dąbrowica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biłgoraj, within Biłgoraj County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Biłgoraj and south of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 877.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473540" title="Dereźnia Majdańska">
Dereźnia Majdańska

Dereźnia Majdańska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biłgoraj, within Biłgoraj County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Biłgoraj and south of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 273.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473544" title="Dereźnia Solska">
Dereźnia Solska

Dereźnia Solska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biłgoraj, within Biłgoraj County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Biłgoraj and south of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 526.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473546" title="Dereźnia-Zagrody">
Dereźnia-Zagrody

Dereźnia-Zagrody is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biłgoraj, within Biłgoraj County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Biłgoraj and south of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 480.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473549" title="Edwardów, Biłgoraj County">
Edwardów, Biłgoraj County

Edwardów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biłgoraj, within Biłgoraj County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Biłgoraj and south of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 42.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473550" title="Gromada, Biłgoraj County">
Gromada, Biłgoraj County

Gromada is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biłgoraj, within Biłgoraj County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Biłgoraj and south of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 941.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473551" title="Hedwiżyn">
Hedwiżyn

Hedwiżyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biłgoraj, within Biłgoraj County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Biłgoraj and south of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 616.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473553" title="Phaisan Pona">
Phaisan Pona

Phaisan Pona (Thai ไพศาล โพธิ์นา) (born March 13, 1982) is a Thai football player. He is a Defender who scored 1 goals for the national team. Currently, He has played for PTT Rayong in Thai Premier League.
He played for Chonburi F.C. in the 2008 AFC Champions League group stages.
Honours.
Clubs

</doc>
<doc id="18473558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473558" title="Ignatówka, Lublin Voivodeship">
Ignatówka, Lublin Voivodeship

Ignatówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biłgoraj, within Biłgoraj County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Biłgoraj and south of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 84.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473560" title="Jachosze">
Jachosze

Jachosze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biłgoraj, within Biłgoraj County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Biłgoraj and south of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 15.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473566" title="Kajetanówka">
Kajetanówka

Kajetanówka may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18473568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473568" title="Kajetanówka, Biłgoraj County">
Kajetanówka, Biłgoraj County

Kajetanówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biłgoraj, within Biłgoraj County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Biłgoraj and south of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 132.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18473572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18473572" title="Kolonia Sól">
Kolonia Sól

Kolonia Sól is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biłgoraj, within Biłgoraj County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Biłgoraj and south of the regional capital Lublin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
