<doc id="18392916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392916" title="Zhongshan Elementary School Station">
Zhongshan Elementary School Station

The Taipei Metro Zhongshan Elementary School Station is a station on the Xinzhuang Line located in Zhongshan, Taipei, Taiwan. The station opened for service on November 3, 2010.
Station overview.
This two-level, underground station has an island platform. It is located beneath the intersection of Minquan West Rd. and Linsen North Rd. and is opened on November 3, 2010 with the opening of the Luzhou Branch Line and the Taipei City section of the Xinzhuang Line.
Construction.
Excavation depth for this station is around 19 meters. It is 160 meters in length and 23 meters wide. It has four entrances, one accessibility elevator, and two vent shafts. It is equipped with platform screen doors.

</doc>
<doc id="18392925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392925" title="Edward A. Flynn">
Edward A. Flynn

Edward A. Flynn (born circa ), is an American law enforcement official who has served as Chief of the Milwaukee Police Department since January 2008.
Early life and career.
Flynn grew up in Brielle, New Jersey. He was the only child of Edward, a paralyzed World War II veteran, and Constance, who worked part-time work at the local library. In 1966 he graduated from Christian Brothers Academy. He went on to earn a B.A. in history from La Salle University. After college he worked for the New Jersey Department of Public Welfare. In 1971 he joined the Hillside Township, New Jersey Police Department. From 1973 to 1988 he was a member of the Jersey City, New Jersey Police Department, rising to the rank of inspector. While in Jersey City he earned a masters degree in criminal justice from the John Jay College of Criminal Justice and completed the coursework for the Ph.D. in criminal justice from the City University of New York. He is also a graduate of the FBI National Academy, the National Executive Institute and was a National Institute of Justice Pickett Fellow at the Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University.
Braintree, Massachusetts.
From 1988 to 1993 he served as police chief of Braintree, Massachusetts. In Braintree, Flynn developed a reputation for using high-quality equipment. He was responsible for computerizing the entire department.
Chelsea, Massachusetts.
From 1993 to 1998 he was chief of police in Chelsea, Massachusetts. He took over at a time when the department was facing many difficulties; the city was in receivership, the head of uniformed patrols had been indicted on corruption charges, and the police station was in poor condition. During his tenure, the police department used a community policing model, decentralized authority, recruited and promoted minorities, and encouraged interagency cooperation.
Arlington County, Virginia.
From 1998 to 2002, he served as Police Chief in Arlington County, Virginia, where he was responsible for leading the police department's response to the September 11, 2001 attack on the Pentagon, and the 2002 Beltway sniper shootings.
Chief Flynn was not available on the morning of September 11, 2001, he was attending a conference in New Jersey. His command staff was in charge until his return some 5-6 hours after the attacks occurred.
Massachusetts Secretary of Public Safety.
He returned to Massachusetts in January 2003, when then-Governor Mitt Romney appointed him as Secretary of the state Executive Office of Public Safety, the parent agency of the State Police, Department of Correction, the National Guard, the Department of Fire Services, Office of the Chief Medical Examiner, Parole Board, and the Emergency Management Agency.
Springfield, Massachusetts.
Flynn resigned from Romney's Cabinet in March 2006, when he was appointed as Police Commissioner in Springfield, Massachusetts. During his tenure, his uncompromising style alienated many of members of the department. 18 months into his 5-year contract, it was revealed that Flynn was a finalist for the chief of police job in Milwaukee. He was condemned by elected officials in Springfield, including Mayor Charles Ryan and City Councilor/Mayor-elect Domenic Sarno for seeking a job. He was appointed Milwaukee Chief of Police on November 15, 2007, but remained in Springfield until January.
Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
Flynn was sworn in as Milwaukee Police Chief on January 7, 2008. He was only the second outsider in the history of the Milwaukee Police Department to be named chief.
In June 2011, Flynn criticized the state's proposed concealed-carry bill, saying that the bill did not provide enough supervision.
In December 2011, Flynn and Milwaukee County Sheriff David A. Clarke engaged in a war of words over bus safety in Milwaukee after an increase in the number of reports of fighting incidents on buses. Clarke also attacked Flynn for rising response times to crime and for bringing the culture of another area to Milwaukee.
In late 2011 his contract was renewed for an additional four years. Flynn's second term marked the first time since 1863 that a Milwaukee police chief was reappointed. He was credited with crime reductions every year of his tenure in Milwaukee, as well as mending police-citizen relations.
In 2012, it was revealed that complaints were filed against seven Milwaukee police officers and a sergeant alleging that they performed unauthorized rectal searches during traffic stops. Flynn announced that all of them had been stripped of their police powers while the allegations are under investigation and urged citizens who felt that they had been subjected to an illegal strip search to come forward.
In May 2012, a Milwaukee Journal Sentinel investigative report revealed that more than 500 incidents since 2009 were misreported to the FBI as minor assaults and not included in the city's violent crime rate data. Hundreds of beatings, stabbings and child abuse cases were missing from the count by which the Milwaukee Police Department bases their statistical reporting on. The errors in reporting would have changed Chief Flynn's claim that violent crime had decreased by 2.3% in 2011 to an increase by 1.1%. Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker joined state and city officials in calling for an independent audit of Milwaukee police crime data.
Personal life.
Flynn and his wife Susan have been married since 1973. The couple has two grown children. Susan has remained in Virginia while Flynn has in worked Massachusetts and Wisconsin due to her career and desire to stay close to family. 
In 2009, it was alleged that Flynn had an affair with journalist Jessica McBride. In response to these allegations, he was quoted as saying "I have done my wife and family a great wrong, and I profoundly regret the hurt I have inflicted on them and others affected by my conduct [...]". Although he claimed that the affair had ended he became the center of a new scandal in July 2012 when documents were submitted to the Fire and Police Commission and City Hall that the affair continued throughout 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="18392926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392926" title="Xingtian Temple Station">
Xingtian Temple Station

The Taipei Metro Xingtian Temple Station () is a station on the Xinzhuang Line located in Zhongshan District, Taipei, Taiwan. The station opened on November 3, 2010.
Station overview.
This three-level, underground station has an island platform. It is be located beneath the intersection of Minsheng East Rd. and Jinzhou Street, and opened on November 3, 2010 with the opening of the Luzhou Branch Line and the Taipei City section of the Xinzhuang Line. The station serves over 15,000 passengers per day and is the busiest station on the Xinzhuang Line.
Construction.
Excavation depth for this station is around 25 meters. It is 157 meters in length and 25 meters wide. It has four entrances, one accessibility elevator, and two vent shafts. Three of the entrances are integrated with joint development buildings, while the other is connected with an existing sidewalk. Following Dapinglin, Xingtian Temple is only the second station to have three joint development sites. The station is equipped with platform screen doors.
Public Art.
Taking into account the nearby Xingtian Temple, the station has the "Eight Generals" (八家將; "bajiajiang") masks and tiles as public art displays. Due to the anticipated passenger traffic through the station, the art displays were constructed out of ceramics for easier maintenance and protection from accidents.
Station layout.
Exits.
The station has four exits.

</doc>
<doc id="18392940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392940" title="Band of Gypsys 2">
Band of Gypsys 2

Band of Gypsys 2 is a posthumous live album by Jimi Hendrix released in October 1986. This is the second time producer Alan Douglas went with Capitol Records for a Hendrix release (The first being the live mini LP "Johnny B. Goode"). Though the title suggests that all songs were performed by the Band of Gypsys, there are actually only three tracks on the album which feature this band. The other songs come from Hendrix's performances at the 1970 Atlanta International Pop Festival on July 4, 1970, and the Berkeley Community Theatre on May 30, 1970. This release was deleted from the Capitol records catalogue after it was found out that "Foxy Lady" and "Stop" were lifted from a videotape of the January 1, 1970, Fillmore East show (Producer Alan Douglas did not have access to the master tapes at the time). Also a very limited run of side 2 was pressed accidentally with alternate tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="18392942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392942" title="Modern life?">
Modern life?

Modern Life? is a British film production company. Founded by Phil Hobden and Ross Boyask, Modern Life? has produced such films as "Left for Dead" and "Ten Dead Men".
Background.
Modern Life? was originally called For This Is Film (1992-1994) and later became Underground Productions (1994-1996). In 1997 it was renamed as Modern Life?.
Early years.
From 1993 to 2001, Modern Life? was involved in the production of almost 40 short films. 
In 1998 the company's short film "Lone Wolf" was screened on Channel 4 in the UK.
In 1998 the first Modern Life? feature film was developed, the dark comedy "Brighton Born, Brighton Dead" which sat with Miramax UK for over two years. Eventually the relationship broke down and the screenplay was never produced.
In 2000/2001 Modern Life? managing partner Phil Hobden was offered the chance to work on the Dave Courtney gangster action film "Hell to Pay" alongside its original director Ross Boyask but turned it down, instead focusing on setting up Modern Life?
In 2001 the short film "Pure Vengeance", starring Scott Adkins ("Bourne Ultimatum", "The Shepherd: Border Patrol"), Brendan Carr ("Love Struck", "Ten Dead Men"' and Gordon Alexander ("Accidental Spy", "The Purifiers") was screened on the Jonathan Ross show "Stop Kung Fu".
"Left For Dead".
In 2002 Modern Life? started work on their first feature film, the low-budget martial arts action feature "Left for Dead".
Starring Glenn Salvage and newcomer Andy Prior, the film features cameos by "Bourne Ultimatum" star Joey Ansah, Brendan Carr, Cecily Faye and Jeremy Bailey. Finished in late 2004, the film was shot for under £10,000 and has been released in 14 countries, including the UK, Canada, USA, and Thailand. The film was released in the US to positive reviews in September 2005 and then eventually in the UK in March 2007. 
"Left for Dead" was acquired for broadcast on Sky channel's Movies4Men in late 2007. However, Movies4Men subsequently decided the film was too violent and opted not to screen the movie.
"Ten Dead Men".
Modern Life?'s second film is the action thriller "Ten Dead Men". Again directed by Ross Boyask and produced by Phil Hobden, the film stars Brendan Carr, Pooja Shah, former Steps singer Lee Latchford-Evans, JC Mac, Silvio Simac, and Terry Stone. 
"Ten Dead Men" sees Brendan Carr star as Ryan, a former killer gone straight who is dragged violently back into the life he left behind with brutal and bloody consequences. With action by Hong Kong stunt man Jude Poyer ("28 Weeks Later", "Hitman"), and executive produced by David Hannay ("Stone" and "The Man From Hong Kong") and Anthony I Ginnane.
"Ten Dead Men" was released in France, Indonesia, Japan and the UK.
Additional projects.
Modern Life? have numerous additional interests. The martial arts action comic book "Night Warrior" was based on a short film made by Modern Life? in 1994. Moidern Life? has released the UK films "Infestation" and "The Silencer" on PulpMovies.co.uk in partnership with UK studio Blackhorse Entertainment. 
In 2008 Modern Life? took over ownership of the British film-focused website lovebritishfilm.com. They rebranded the site lovebritishfilm.co.uk. The site aims to be the number one source of news and reviews for all types of British films from mainstream to arthouse, from studio to independent.

</doc>
<doc id="18392944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392944" title="William Diender">
William Diender

William "The Machine" Diender (born January 1, 1982) is Dutch welterweight kickboxer, fighting out of Team Aerts in Amsterdam. He is Dutch and European Muay Thai champion currently competing in K-1 MAX.
Biography and career.
He competed in an eight man tournament at "Haarlem Fight Night IV" in Haarlem, Netherlands on March 24, 2013, losing to Robbie Hageman in the quarter-finals via an extension round decision.
At the "KOK World Grand Prix 2013" in Magdeburg, Germany on November 23, 2013, Diender lost to Denis Schneidmiller by unanimous decision.

</doc>
<doc id="18392953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392953" title="Kodak DC215">
Kodak DC215

The Kodak DC215 is a discontinued model of digital camera produced in Japan by the Eastman Kodak Company. This model does not have internal memory (only CompactFlash I cards), but a 4MB card is supplied with the camera. The camera has a 1 Megapixel sensor, a fixed focus lens with 2x optical zoom (F/4 wide, F/4.8 telephoto) and macro-setting and a built-in flash. The viewfinder is optical, it is possible to use the 1.8" rear LCD monitor as viewfinder ("Preview mode"), though Kodak does not recommend that due to high battery consumption. There was also a "Millennium Edition" which had a gold rather than silver case and came with some additional accessories.
The Kodak DC215 had a notorious problem with its battery compartment. This compartment, which takes in 4 AA batteries, is made of plastic and breaks easily. People usually resorted to makeshift solutions such as using rubber bands or duct tape to work around this common problem

</doc>
<doc id="18392977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392977" title="Campopleginae">
Campopleginae

Campopleginae is a worldwide subfamily of the parasitic wasp family Ichneumonidae. 
Campopleginae are koinobiont endoparasitoids mainly of Lepidoptera and Symphyta but also of Coleoptera Raphidiidae There are 65 genera and this is one of the most commonly encountered subfamilies. Many of the genera are poorly defined and difficult to identify.They are small slender black insects with a compressed abdomen and the clypeus is confluent with the rest of the face.

</doc>
<doc id="18392984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392984" title="Songjiang Nanjing Station">
Songjiang Nanjing Station

The Taipei Metro Songjiang Nanjing Station () is a station on the Xinzhuang Line located in Zhongshan District, Taipei, Taiwan. It is a planned transfer station between the Xinzhuang Line and Songshan Line. The station opened on November 3, 2010 for traffic on the Xinzhuang Line, while Songshan Line services are scheduled to commence by December 2013.
Station overview.
This underground station has an island platform and will have two side platforms for the Songshan Line. It is located beneath the intersection of Songjiang Rd. and Nanjing East Rd. (hence the name of the station), and opened in November 2010 with the opening of the Luzhou Line and the Taipei City section of the Xinzhuang Line. Also, the MRT planners expect this station to be part of the Minsheng-Xizhi Line.
Construction.
Excavation depth for this station was around 29 meters for the Xinzhuang Line station and 20 meters for the Songshan Line station. The Xinzhuang Line station is 191 meters in length and 32 meters wide, while the Songshan Line station will be 202 meters in length and 26 meters wide. When completed, it will have seven entrances, two accessibility elevators, and four vent shafts. Two of the entrances and a vent shaft will be integrated with joint development buildings. One entrance will be integrated with the Council for Economic Planning and Development building. The station will be equipped with platform screen doors for both lines.
Public Art.
The theme for the Songshan Line station will be "Metropolitan Images of Daily Life" (都會眾生相). It will use four elements (earth, fire, water, wind) to present surreal situations of the combination of city and nature.
Station layout.
Exits.
Currently, five exits are open (2, 3, 4, 7, 8) with three more (1, 5, 6) to open with the Songshan Line.

</doc>
<doc id="18392991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392991" title="Xymene huttoni">
Xymene huttoni

Xymene huttoni is a species of predatory sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Muricidae, the rock snails or murex snails.

</doc>
<doc id="18393013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393013" title="Zero air">
Zero air


</doc>
<doc id="18393026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393026" title="Wolverhampton Sporting Community F.C.">
Wolverhampton Sporting Community F.C.

Wolverhampton Sporting Community F.C. is a football club originally formed in Wolverhampton, but currently based in Wednesfield. The club entered the West Midlands (Regional) League Division Two in 2006 and gained two consecutive promotions, entering the Premier Division in the 2008–09 season.
The club changed its name from Heath Town Rangers to its present name midway through the 2010–11 season.
History.
Formerly known as Chubb Sports F.C. they lost their home club and pitches due to the Chubb lock and safe factory closing down and being sold for housing. The club then changed its name to Heath Town Rangers. The name was chosen by the players who also designed the club's badge in 2001.
The club entered the West Midlands (Regional) League in 2005–06 competing in the youth league. The next season they entered their first team into Division Two and in the 2006–07 season the club won the Division Two title and also claimed the Youth League title. In 2007–08 season they entered a reserve team into Division Two and the Heath Town Rangers first team gained promotion from Division One into the Premier Division by finishing in third place. They also won the Staffordshire Challenge Cup in the same season. In their first season in the Premier Division they finished eighth and reached the final of the League Cup which was postponed and never played.
On 1 November during the 2010–11 season the club changed its name from Heath Town Rangers to Wolverhampton Sporting Community Football Club.

</doc>
<doc id="18393031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393031" title="Robert Poplawski">
Robert Poplawski

Robert Poplawski (born 12 July 1886 in Bordeaux, died 8 August 1953) was a lawyer and a professor at the law faculty in Bordeaux (dean from 1949 till death). 
His speciality was penal law, but he also studied and published in the field of the pharmaceutical law. He published a pharmaceutical law treaty written with his colleagues Frank Coustou and Jean-Marie Auby.
Robert Poplawski has been chosen in 1946 to direct with Dean Henri Vizioz the law institute in Pau with tuitions given by professors from the law faculty of Bordeaux. This institute has given birth thereafter to the law faculty at the University of Pau and Pays de l'Adour and was lodged in Villa Lawrence in Pau town centre.

</doc>
<doc id="18393035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393035" title="Faithful (Dusty Springfield album)">
Faithful (Dusty Springfield album)

Faithful is the title of Dusty Springfield's planned third album for Atlantic Records, and seventh studio album overall, recorded in the first half of 1971. Two singles from the planned album, "I Believe In You" (b/w "Someone Who Cares"), and "Haunted" (b/w "Nothing Is Forever", a track not intended for the album) were released in the U.S. in the fall of 1971, but didn't chart nationally, though "Haunted" has long been reported as a local chart-topper in Boston. Due to poor response from the two singles, and a rumoured falling out with Atlantic executives, Springfield's contract with the company was not renewed, and the planned album was never given an official release, catalogue number, or title. "Faithful" is a working title, taken from the name of an album track, "I'll Be Faithful", which had possibly been under consideration as a third single. A fire in the mid-seventies at one of Atlantic's storage sites was thought to have destroyed the 'Faithful' session tapes, leaving only the two singles (and possible third single, as a mono mix existed into the nineties) and their b-sides from the sessions intact. However, in the nineties the album's producer, Jeff Barry, was asked about the sessions and revealed he had kept completed stereo mixes of all the tracks. Most were released as bonus tracks on the Rhino/Atlantic deluxe remastered edition of "Dusty in Memphis" in 1999, though "Someone Who Cares" and "Nothing is Forever" had been released on Springfield's UK-only 1972 album "See All Her Faces". 
Tracks from the "Faithful" sessions.
All tracks were recorded from January to June 1971.
"I Believe in You" Backing Vocals (Jeff Barry) 3:24

</doc>
<doc id="18393047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393047" title="Zhongxiao Xinsheng Station">
Zhongxiao Xinsheng Station

The Taipei Metro Zhongxiao Xinsheng Station is a transfer station for the Nangang Line and the Xinzhuang Line located in the Zhongzheng and Da'an districts in Taipei, Taiwan.
Station overview.
The station is a three-level, underground station with two island platforms and seven exits. It is located at the intersection of Zhongxiao East Road and Xinsheng South Road, hence the name of the station.
Construction.
The Xinzhuang Line station is 317.6 meters long, 16.5-32.65 meters wide, and 25.5 meters deep. The station is centered around a theme of "Modernization and High-tech", with glass and metallic materials utilized in the station design.

</doc>
<doc id="18393048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393048" title="1950 VFL Grand Final">
1950 VFL Grand Final

The 1950 VFL Grand Final was an Australian rules football game contested between the Essendon Football Club and North Melbourne Football Club, held at the Melbourne Cricket Ground on 23 September 1950. It was the 54th annual Grand Final of the Victorian Football League, staged to determine the premiers for the 1950 VFL season. The match, attended by 87,601 spectators, was won by Essendon by 38 points, marking that club's eighth premiership victory.
This was North Melbourne's first ever VFL Grand Final while Essendon were competing in their fifth successive premiership decider. They were the reigning premiers, having defeated Carlton in the 1949 VFL Grand Final. Essendon's victory sent the retiring Dick Reynolds out in style, although he would come out of retirement for one final game in 1951.

</doc>
<doc id="18393054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393054" title="Neeta Sen">
Neeta Sen

Neeta Sen (1935-2006) was an Indian classical singer and music composer.
Career.
Trained in Indian classical music, she started her career with the All India Radio in Kolkata. Neeta Sen focused on modern Bengali music during the early part of her career. In 1977, she achieved commercial success with the Bengali feature film "Baba Taraknath", directed by A K Chatterjee and starring Biswajeet, Sandhya Roy and Sulochana. She went on to direct music in more Bengali films like Krishna Bhakta Sudhama. A deeply devout person personally, her work was almost completely dominated by devotional films, television serials and music albums in her latter years.
She went on to direct music in several noted films like "Rokto Joba, Nandan (1979)Sita (1980)[http://faculty.ist.unomaha.edu/pdasgupta/hemanta/discography/filmlist2.html, Golap Bou (1977)Sonar Bangla (1982) and Baba Loknath (1994)". Another Film 'Pahari Phool', though as a movie it was not a great success, but it carries the signature of the beauty and innovation of her music composition; play backed by Manna Dey, Arati Mukherjee, Arundhati HomChowdhury et al. She worked in Mumbai briefly post marriage before moving back to Kolkata. Music composed by her has been sung by eminent Bengali and Indian singers including Hemanta Mukherjee, Kishore Kumar, Asha Bhosle, Anuradha Paudwal, Bhupender Singh, Srikanta Acharya and Aarti Mukherjee. She worked closely with celebrated and renowned Bengali lyricist Gouri Prasanna Majumdar. Following his demise she founded the Gouriprasanna Smriti Samsad, a committee to keep the memory of his music alive.
Neeta went on to teach music and prominent Bengali singers like Sreeradha Banerjee and Ruprekha Chatterjee [http://www.pragati.org/artist.htm have since trained under her. Some of her well-known songs are "Oh go Nayoner Abir Mon Jodi Kono Din Projapoti Hoye Jay, Chokhe Chokh Rekhe and Tomar Du Chokh Pujor Prodip hole."[http://www.hamaraforums.com/lofiversion/index.php/t16690.html During her career in AIR she sang Bengali songs like "Boshonto Bela, Amaye bhulbe ki, Maloti, Akash Golpo Bole and Jonakir Deep Gulo."
Neeta Sen did her earlier training with noted musician of the era Sudhirlal Chakraborty where her co learners were Utpala Sen, Shyamal Mitra amongst others. She also won the first prize in the classical singing competition in DoverLane Music conference in the same year where Basari Lahiri ( Bappi Lahiri's mother) won in the Kheyal category.
Personal life.
Born to Jagadish Bardhan and Abha Bardhan on 13 November 1935 she was the second daughter with three sisters and one brother. She married Sunil Sen and had a daughter and a son.Her grand daughter Rimjhim Sen is associated with fashion designing in Bollywood.
Final illness and death.
Neeta gave up meat in the later years. A frail person, she started suffering from colitis from a fairly young age. On 31 March 2006 she started getting severe abdominal pains and died on 1 April 2006 early morning.

</doc>
<doc id="18393056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393056" title="Live at Winterland">
Live at Winterland

Live at Winterland is a posthumous live album by The Jimi Hendrix Experience released in May 1987. The album documents The Jimi Hendrix Experience's performances at Winterland, San Francisco, California which they played two shows each night on October 10, 11 and 12, 1968. This release compiles the best of those performances.
It was re-released in 1992 with a Bonus EP which contained 3 additional songs from the same concerts.
Track listing.
All songs were written by Jimi Hendrix, except where noted.
Tracklist for the 1992 Bonus Disc
Box set.
A 4 disc box set (titled "Winterland") drawn from all 6 performances was released on September 12, 2011. A limited edition sold exclusively on Amazon.com includes a 5th bonus disc containing a bootleg soundboard recording of a performance at the Fillmore Auditorium on February 4, 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="18393062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393062" title="The Kills discography">
The Kills discography

The Kills are an Anglo-American indie rock band formed by American vocalist Alison "VV" Mosshart and British guitarist Jamie "Hotel" Hince. Since 2002, The Kills have released four studio albums, three extended plays, nine singles, ten music videos, a documentary, and have contributed original material to two compilations. The Kills debuted in 2002 with the "Black Rooster EP", released on Domino Records. The duo's debut full-length album, "Keep on Your Mean Side", was released the following year. The album peaked at number 47 on the United Kingdom Albums Chart, while the single "Fried my Little Brains" peaked at number 55 on the UK Singles Chart. The Kills followed up with "No Wow" in 2005 and "Midnight Boom" in 2008, both of which were also released on Domino. "No Wow" was the first of the group's releases to chart in the United States, peaking at number 18 on the "Billboard" "Top Heatseekers" chart. "No Wow" also charted in the UK, Belgium, France, and the Netherlands. The group's third album, "Midnight Boom" charted in a total of nine countries, including the album's first appearance on the "Billboard" 200 at number 133. Between The Kills' 16 singles, five have charted in the United Kingdom. A tour documentary titled "I Hate the Way You Love" was included with a limited number of copies of "No Wow".

</doc>
<doc id="18393071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393071" title="Sport Bild">
Sport Bild

Sport Bild is a German sports weekly published every Wednesday. According to its publisher it is Europe's biggest sports magazine with a circulation of almost half million copies.

</doc>
<doc id="18393078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393078" title="Discordia (band)">
Discordia (band)

Discordia was an industrial band from Melbourne in the mid 90s. It was formed from the ashes of Soulscraper. Discordia were set to be the first Australian band signed to Roadrunner records, but the volatile nature of the group cause it to implode. Discordia began life when Sade met James at Relic Records, the original concept was for Sade to join Souldscraper as vocalist. But over time it was felt a heavier direction was required, so James, Jim and Sade created Discordia.

</doc>
<doc id="18393095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393095" title="Dropping mercury electrode">
Dropping mercury electrode

The dropping mercury electrode (DME) is a working electrode made of mercury and used in polarography. Experiments run with mercury electrodes are referred to as forms of polarography even if the experiments are identical or very similar to a corresponding voltammetry experiment which uses solid working electrodes. Like other working electrodes these electrodes are used in electrochemical studies using three electrode systems when investigating reaction mechanisms related to redox chemistry among other chemical phenomena.
Structure.
A flow of mercury passes through an insulating capillary producing a droplet which grows from the end of the capillary in a reproducible way. Each droplet grows until it reaches a diameter of about a millimeter and releases. The released droplet is no longer in contact with the working electrode whose contact is above the capillary. As the electrode is used mercury collects in the bottom of the cell. In some cell designs this mercury pool is connected to a lead and used as the cell's auxiliary electrode. Each released drop is immediately followed by the formation of another drop. The drops are generally produced at a rate of about 0.2 Hz.
Considerations.
A major advantage of the DME is that each drop has a smooth and uncontaminated surface free from any adsorbed analyte or impurity. The self-renewing electrode does not need to be cleaned or polished like a solid electrode. This advantage comes at the cost of a working electrode with a constantly changing surface area. Since the drops are produced predictably the changing surface area can be accounted for or even used advantageously. In addition the drops' growth causes capacitive current and faradaic current. These changing current effects combined with experiments where the potential is continuously changed can result in noisy traces. In some experiments the traces are continually sampled, showing all the current deviation resulting from the drop growth. Other sampling methods smooth the data by sampling the current at the electrode only once per drop at a specific size. The DME's periodic expansion into the solution and hemispherical shape also affects the way the analyte diffuses to the electrode surface. The DME consists of a fine capillary with a bore size of 20-50 µm.

</doc>
<doc id="18393105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393105" title="Woodstock (Jimi Hendrix album)">
Woodstock (Jimi Hendrix album)

Woodstock is a live album by Jimi Hendrix released posthumously on August 20, 1994. The album is an edited recording of Hendrix's performance with his band Gypsy Sun and Rainbows at Woodstock Festival, Bethel, New York on August 18, 1969. A more-complete version of the concert would be released in 1999 as "Live at Woodstock", albeit with some of the performers mixed out.

</doc>
<doc id="18393117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393117" title="Plurilateral agreement">
Plurilateral agreement

A plurilateral agreement is a multi-national legal or trade agreement between countries. In economic jargon, it is an agreement between more than two countries, but not a great many, which would be multilateral agreement.
Use of the term in the World Trade Organization.
The term "plurilateral agreement" is used in the World Trade Organization. A plurilateral agreement implies that WTO member countries would be given the choice to agree to new rules on a voluntary basis. This contrasts with the multilateral WTO agreement, where all WTO members are party to the agreement. The Agreement on Government Procurement is typical plurilateral agreement.
Plurilateral treaties.
A plurilateral treaty is a special type of multilateral treaty. A plurilateral treaty is a treaty between a limited number of states with a particular interest in the subject of the treaty. The primary difference between a plurilateral treaty and other multilateral treaties is that the availability of reservations is more limited under a plurilateral treaty. Due to the limited nature of a plurilateral treaty, the full cooperation of the parties to the treaty is required in order for the object of the treaty to be met. As a result, reservations to plurilateral treaties are not allowed without the consent of all other parties to the treaty. This principle is codified in international law by article 20(2) of the Vienna Convention on the Law of Treaties:
When it appears from the limited number of the negotiating states and the object and purpose of a treaty that the application of the treaty in its entirety between all the parties is an essential condition of the consent of each one to be bound by the treaty, a reservation requires acceptance by all the parties.

</doc>
<doc id="18393124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393124" title="The Witness (1969 Hungarian film)">
The Witness (1969 Hungarian film)

The Witness (, also known as Without A Trace), is a 1969 Hungarian satire film, directed by Péter Bacsó. The film was created in a tense political climate at a time when talking about the 1950s and the 1956 Revolution was still taboo. Although it was financed and allowed to be made by the communist authorities, it was subsequently banned from release. As a result of its screening in foreign countries, the communist authorities eventually relented and allowed it to be released in Hungary. It was screened at the 1981 Cannes Film Festival in the Un Certain Regard section. A sequel was made in 1994 named "Megint tanú" (English: Witness Again).
Plot.
The film features József Pelikán as a single father who previously participated in the WW2 communist movement of Hungary, but is now working at a dike. He meets an old friend from the underground communist movement, Zoltán Dániel, now a government official who fishes at the Danube, near the dike. Dániel falls in the river, and Pelikán rescues him and invites him to his home. The ÁVH receive a report stating Pelikán committed an illegal act of slaughtering a pig for food. Dániel tries to save him, but accidentally opens a hidden door to the basement, where all the pork had been hidden. Pelikán is taken to prison and later released, due to the "will of the higher command". Comrade Virág gives various assignments to Pelikán such as being the CEO of a swimming pool, an amusement park, and an orange-research facility; all to cause Pelikán to be the witness in a show trial against Zoltán Dániel. Before the trial they present Pelikán with testimony he must memorize, but Pelikán decides to tell the truth. He is thrown back in prison as a reprisal. While awaiting hanging, the political climate changes and he is released and meets Comrade Virág who has lost all his former power and influence.

</doc>
<doc id="18393129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393129" title="Pest (musician)">
Pest (musician)

Thomas Kronenes, best known by the stage name Pest (Norwegian for "pestilence" or "plague", born September 16th, 1975), is a Norwegian black metal vocalist, mainly known for his work in the band Gorgoroth.
Biography.
Pest was one of the founding members of the Norwegian symphonic black metal band Obtained Enslavement, which was formed in Stord, Norway, in 1989. Obtained Enslavement released two demos in 1992 and 1993 before their first full-length album, "Centuries of Sorrow", was released in 1994.
In 1995, Pest was approached by Infernus of Gorgoroth with an offer to join Gorgoroth as their new vocalist, after the previous vocalist Hat had decided to leave the band. Pest performed his first concert with Gorgoroth in December 1995, supporting Cradle of Filth at the London Astoria, and provided the vocals for the song "Possessed (by Satan)" on the band's second album, "Antichrist", released in 1996. Gorgoroth went on a European tour with Satyricon and Dissection in April 1996, followed by one-off gigs in Bergen, Norway and in Bischofswerda, Germany. Pest provided all the vocals on Gorgoroth's third full-length album, "Under the Sign of Hell", which was recorded in spring 1996 and released in 1997. Obtained Enslavement, with Pest still on vocals, released their second full-length album, "Witchcraft", the same year. Gorgoroth went on their first headlining European tour in fall 1997, after which Pest decided to leave the band to concentrate on his work in Obtained Enslavement. He did, however, contribute lyrics and vocals to several tracks on Gorgoroth's 1998 album, "Destroyer".
Obtained Enslavement released two more albums in 1998 and 2000. The band then decided to split up, since Pest would be moving to the US. Obtained Enslavement with Pest on vocals performed their last ever concert in June 2000, at the first Hole in the Sky festival in Bergen, Norway.
Since moving to the US, Pest has been involved in several US black metal bands, most notably as a vocalist on the forthcoming Blood Stained Dusk album, "Black Faith Inquisition".
On December 4, 2008, it was announced that Pest had rejoined Gorgoroth. He was fired by Infernus on August 21, 2012 as stated on Gorgoroth's official internet page.

</doc>
<doc id="18393130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393130" title="Vestel">
Vestel

Vestel is a Turkish home and professional appliances manufacturing company consisting of 18 companies specialised in electronics, major appliances and information technology. Vestel's headquarters and production plant are located in Manisa, while the company's parent conglomerate is the Istanbul based Zorlu Holding.
Vestel, together with its subsidiary brands has a significant share in the European market of consumer electronics and home appliances, in particular TV sets. As of 2006, Vestel was the largest TV producer in Europe with more than 8 million units sold, accounting for a quarter of the European market. Vestel also has a subsidiary brand Vestfrost, which is popular in the Nordic countries.

</doc>
<doc id="18393134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393134" title="Nang Sib Song (TV series)">
Nang Sib Song (TV series)

Nang Sib song (Thai: นางสิบสอง) is a Thai boran soap opera (lakorn) that aired on Channel 7 in 2002. This show is a remake of a 1987 lakorn also named "Nang Sib Song" based on the Thai folklore story of The Twelve Sisters. It starred Bee Madthika as Maree and Boy Supon as Rodasan. It aired on Channel 7 for over three months and was followed by a sequel that was based on the same story, "Prasuton Manorah" (พระสุธน-มโนห์รา).
Summary.
Twelve sisters were born to a rich family and lived very happily. Suddenly they turned poor because of a robbery. They went to live in the woods and hunted animals for food. This didn't help improve their livelihood. They were far too many girls, and their father had always wanted sons. So he abandoned them in the deep forest. 
They returned home safely through the initiative of Pov (the youngest sister), who had assumed the role of their leader. She had left sugar canes as road marks to find their way back home. Their father abandoned them again and, this time, they had no way to return to their home. Pov had left rice as markers, but they were eaten by animals. As they were lost, they walked far away from the forest until they arrived at the kingdom of the giants. They were taken in by the kindhearted queen of the giants, Suntamala, who adored the girls at first sight. Having no husband and children of her own, she adopted them as her daughters, so they wouldn't fear her. She transformed into a human and forced her servants and people to keep their giant appearance from the girls.
Ten years later, the twelve girls grew into beautiful young women. The sisters discovered the giant's secret: There were mountains of bones in an area that Suntamala had forbidden them from going to. So they decided to leave. Suntamala begged them not to leave her as she loved them; they refused. They ran away and refused to return to her, disgusted and frightened by her giant nature. 
They arrived at a kingdom of a sick king. They meet a hunchbacked old woman who told them that whoever could cure the king would be rewarded. Pov knew of a plant that could him. When she gave him the plant, her three older sisters took the credit for curing him. They asked the king to marry them. They kept the seven younger sisters away from the castle, wanting the king's attention to themselves alone. 
When the king finally saw the rest of the sisters, he fell in love with them, but more so with Pov. The king recalled seeing Pov's face when he first woke up. He knew from the old hunchbacked woman that she was the one who cured him and fell in love with her. He pretended to be ill once again. Not knowing what to do, the three sisters went to Pov and asked for her help. Pov arrived with the plant, but one of the remaining six younger sisters took it from her and went to the king. The king was disappointed that she was not Pov, but a marriage was arranged between them. The three older sisters arrived in the king's room to scold their sister. Only two of the sisters attended the wedding ceremony, one of them being Pov. The king looked longingly at her. The bride, knowing how Pov felt about the king, gave Pov to the king as his bride instead instead of herself. She confessed that it was Pov who found the plant that saved him. The king was surprised by her actions but pleased that he could marry Pov. On their wedding night Pov asked him to accept all of her sisters and marry them as well. He did. Sometime after, all the sisters became pregnant at the same time. 
Suntamala was broken-hearted after the sisters left. She was angry at them for rejecting her and swore revenge. She looked into a magical mirror and saw that the sisters were all well and pregnant. Before she left to go after them, one of her servants presented to her an infant named Mareem. The servant revealed that she had requested Mareem from another giant kingdom for her to adopt. She begged her queen to forget about her revenge and raise Mareem. Mareem would not reject her as the human sisters did, since she too was a giant infant. Suntamala accepted Mareem. She left her in the kingdom of the giants but still and continued her plans to take revenge on the sisters. Taking along with her two giant soldiers, she turned herself into a young woman and used her powers to seduce the king, the twelve sisters' husband, and control him. When the sisters found out that the king was getting married to a new wife, they confronted him. 
Angry, the king ordered them out of the castle. Then Suntamala revealed herself to them. The sisters were frightened and begged for her forgiveness. She stripped them of their titles as queens and imprisoned them in a cave. Then Suntamala pretended she was ill and her only cure was the eyes of the 12 sisters. While the sisters' eyes were being plucked out, the king regained a part of himself that still loved the sisters and ordered the soldiers to stop. The message arrived too late as all of the sisters' were blinded except Pov, who was the last. She only had one eye plucked out. The punishment they had received was karma. It was revealed that, when they were children, the sisters caught some fishes and plucked their eyes out to prevent them from swimming away. Pov, feeling bad for her fish, only plucked out one eye. Being the only one who could still see, Pov must care for her sisters and find them food. When the king saw the jar of eyes, he was disgusted and regretted hurting his wives, but the hold Suntamala had over him was too strong. He dismissed the incident and moved on.
All of Pov's sisters gave birth to still-born babies. To survive, they ate the babies because there was no food. Pov saved her share of her sisters' babies for when her child will be born. She believed it was alive since she could feel its movement within her, but she was afraid her sisters would eat it anyway. Pov gave birth to a baby boy who was alive. She kept him in a secret place away from her sisters.
Five years later, young Rodasan (Pov's son), traveled to his father's palace to find food for his mother and meet Suntamala. Feeling sorry for her actions, Suntamala loved Rodasan and adopted him as her son and promised him that she will never do something wrong again.
A few years later, Rodasan was a handsome, knowledgeable, and powerful man; yet he still took food to his mother and aunts. Suntamala went to visit Maree. Maree told her that she hated her, since she had neglected her all her life. Suntamala felt bad for hurting Maree and asked for her forgiveness. Maree refused to forgive her. But after Suntamala became sick, Maree changed her mind and they were reconciled. While there, the old servant told Suntamala that the stars had revealed that Rodasan would be the cause of death of Maree. Suntamala didn't know what to do, she didn't know how to chose one child over the other. She however chose Maree over Rodasan after finding out that Pov was his mother. After Suntalama reurned, she gave sent Rodasan to the giant's kongdom with a letter instructing her giants to kill him. While Rodasan was on his way, he met a hermit who changed the wording of the letter from "killing" to "wedding" for Rodasan. 
Rodasan went to the giant's kingdom riding a flying horse. When he arrived, he gave the letter to Maree and the wedding began. Maree and Rodasan were madly in love, until Rodasan found out that his mother's and aunts' eyes were kept in a room and only Maree had the key. He drugged Maree and took the key and opened the room. He took the eyes and gave them back to his mother and aunts. Maree woke up and saw Rodasan leaving. She demanded he returned to her, but he refused. She pursued him, but he threw a magic potion behind him that created a sea of water that prevented her from following him further. He however promised to come back after he giving his mother and aunts their eyes.
At her kingdom, Suntamala got angry as she thought that Rodasan had killed Maree. She tried to kill him, but Rodasan's honest heart prevented her from doing so. Suffering from a broken heart, she died. Rodasan gave the eyes to his mother and aunts. He left to go back to Maree who was waiting for him, but she had died while he was gone. Before she died, she had promised that since in this life Rodasan had followed her, she would do the same in the next life. Rodasan then hugged her body for a long time until he died as well. The show ended with their spirits turning into many lights and flying to their next life.

</doc>
<doc id="18393135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393135" title="Kolowis Awithlaknannai">
Kolowis Awithlaknannai

Kolowis Awithlaknannai (also known as Fighting Serpents) is a two-player strategy board game from the Zuni Native American Indians. It was described by Stewart Culin in his book Games of the North American Indians (1907), and may have been the first publication of the game. It was later described in R.C. Bell's book Board and Table Games from Many Civilizations (1969). R.C. Bell coined the term Fighting Serpents, but provides no explanation for it. Perhaps the black and white pieces are laid out in the beginning of the game in such a way that it looks like two serpents fighting.
The game is a relative of Draughts and Alquerque. Captures are done by jumping over pieces. The Spanish are thought to have brought the game of Alquerque to America several centuries ago, and the game's development may have been influenced, however there is no conclusive proof. Furthermore, the board is neither an n x n square board or an Alquerque board. The board's length far exceeds its width. To say the least, Fighting Serpents is a unique variant. The game is actually more related to Alquerque than Draughts, because pieces can move in any direction from the start of the game, and there is no back row or promotion to King. Moreover, the board is made up of linear patterns instead of squares. 
Goal.
The goal of the game is to eliminate the other player's pieces. If that's not possible, then the player with the most pieces left in the game is the winner. Another way to win is to block the other player's movements. A player cannot pass their turn. 
Equipment.
The board consist of 3 parallel horizontal lines (also called rows) joined together by several leaning (left and right) diagonal lines. A curve line also connects the ends of the board. There are 16 intersection points on the top and bottom row. There are 17 intersection points in the middle row. The intersection points are where the pieces can be played at. 
Each player has 23 pieces. One plays the black pieces, and the other plays the white pieces. However, any two colors or distinguishable objects are appropriate.

</doc>
<doc id="18393146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393146" title="Moshav shitufi">
Moshav shitufi

A moshav shitufi (, lit. "collective moshav", pl. "moshavim shitufiim") is a type of cooperative village in Israel and the Occupied Territories whose organizational principles place it between the kibbutz and the moshav on the scale of cooperation. A classical moshav (formally known as "moshav ovdim", or "workers' moshav") is a village-level service cooperative that takes care of farm services (such as marketing, supply, and credit) for its members, while all production and consumption activities are handled at the level of families and households. A classical kibbutz is a village-level production cooperative, with all production, consumption, and service decisions handled collectively. Moshav shitufi is an intermediate form, in which production and services are handled collectively, while consumption decisions remain the responsibility of the households. Moshav shitufi members are engaged in agriculture and industry in the village and also work in various professions outside the community, contributing their salary to the collective.
The first moshav shitufi, Kfar Hittim in Lower Galilee, was established in 1936. Moshav shitufi has never been as widespread as moshav or kibbutz. Thus, at the end of 2006 there were 40 such cooperative villages in Israel, compared with 400 moshavim and nearly 300 kibbutzim. The population in moshavim shitufiim was around 18,000, compared with 350,000 in moshavim and kibbutzim combined. There have been numerous instances in the history of cooperative agriculture in Israel when a kibbutz or a moshav reorganized as moshav shitufi, and vice versa. Thus, Moledet, the second moshav shitufi created in Israel, was founded in 1937 as a kibbutz and then reorganized in 1944 as moshav shitufi "Bnei Brit" (named after the Bnai Brith organization in the United States), reverting to the original name "Moledet" in 1957.
See also.
List of moshavim shitufiim

</doc>
<doc id="18393151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393151" title="JR Fujinomori Station">
JR Fujinomori Station


</doc>
<doc id="18393152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393152" title="Epictetus Database Client">
Epictetus Database Client

Epictetus is free cross-platform multi-database administration tool. Epictetus requires JVM to run. Epictetus is distributed under the Freeware License.
History.
The Epictetus was developed by the Antilogic Software.

</doc>
<doc id="18393159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393159" title="James Harvey Ward">
James Harvey Ward

James Harvey Ward (born July 31, 1978) is an American actor, most known for portraying Michael on AMC's Low Winter Sun, Felton Norris on HBO's True Blood and Madden on the MyNetworkTV limited-run serial "Saints & Sinners". Lifetime Member of The Actors Studio

</doc>
<doc id="18393160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393160" title="Elenor Rayner">
Elenor Rayner

Elenor Rayner is a singer, musician and producer. She was a member of Melbourne electro-industrial band Soulscraper who released two eps. Rayner went on to join Ragewar and released one album, "Backlash", with them. She has a solo project Sobriquet, is a member of The Crystalline Effect and performs live with Snog. She has also worked with Pound System and Little Nobody. She has been named ‘up and coming'artist of the month in Rolling Stone magazine and ‘artist of the month' in Juice magazine and is listed in the Who's Who of Australian Rock book.
Sobriquet.
Sobriquet is Elenor Rayner's solo project. Sobriquet mixes Industrial sounds with Electronic Dance sensibilities.
Discography:
The Crystalline Effect.
The Crystalline Effect is a duo of Elenor Rayner (vocals and lyrics) and Pete Crane (music). They formed in 2002. Their music is a mix of industrial, electro, EBM and trip hop. They perform live as a three piece band. Their first album "Glass" was released by European label Black Flames Records. The Crystalline Effect are now on Advoxya Records.
Discography:
Angelspit - Get Even (The Crystalline Effect remix)
Implant - Surface Tension (The Crystalline Effect remix)
Skoyz - Distorted Dreams (The Crystalline Effect remix)
Alien Produkt - Detestable Envy (The Crystalline Effect remix)
Streeturchin - Blown Away (The Crystalline Effect remix) 
The Crystalline Effect - Another Rainy Day (remix)
The Crystalline Effect - Why Do I Hate Myself (remix)
The Crysatlline Effect - Easy to Begin (Dark Horizons remix)
The Crystalline Effect - Jagged Edges (Advoxya mix)
Interbreeding VIII - Elements Of Violence<br>
Crash Frequency Vol.2<br>
Crash Frequency Vol.1<br>
State Of Synthpop 2005<br>
Synthphony Remixed! Vol.4<br>
Dark Horizons 2006<br>
Dark Horizons: Mortal Decay 2007<br>
Post Alcoholic Body Syndrom 2007

</doc>
<doc id="18393163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393163" title="Momoyama Station">
Momoyama Station


</doc>
<doc id="18393166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393166" title="List of Persepolis F.C. seasons">
List of Persepolis F.C. seasons

This is a list of seasons played by Persepolis Football Club in Iranian and Asian football, from 1963 to the most recent completed season. It details the club's achievements in major competitions, and the top scorers for each season. Top scorers in bold were also the top scorers in the Iranian league that season.
Seasons.
Notes:
1 worst title in history of club
Squads.
This is selection of the most famous squads of Persepolis Football club from 1963 to the most recent completed season.
Famous Squads.
</table>
</table>
Memorable matches.
Persepolis was a weak team and played in 2nd Division at that time.
Although it was a friendly match, but it was the birth of a new pole in Iranian football.
4 of Shahin players played for Persepolis at that match :
Ebrahim Ashtiani, Nazem Ganjapour, Kazem Rahimi (as Captain) and Bahman Norouzi. After it rest of Shahin players joined Persepolis.
Paykan used Persepolis’ previous season players except of Aziz Asli and Mahmoud Khordbin and Persepolis played with a young line-up because of contract between Abdo and Khayami. Ali Parvin scored Paykan’s victorious goal!
Persepolis’ the best ever result in Tehran derby.
Being beaten by 6 goals of their old Rivals and enemies was so shameful for Esteghlal.
Homayoun Behzadi hattricked, Iraj Soleimani Scored twice and another goal scored by Hossein Kalani.
Homa was a respected team and was beaten by 5 goals.
Behrouz Soltani Goalkeeper of Persepolis played as a striker and scored a goal!
This is one of few times the two clubs have met each other in the Hazfi Cup. The match finished scoreless in regulation time, and extra-time was eventless. Persepolis beat Esteghlal 4-2 in penalty shootouts to advance to the next stage in the Hazfi Cup.
In the 38th derby Persepolis was leading in the match by a score of 2-0 until the last 10 minutes of the match. Esteghlal scored 2 goals in quick succession, including one which was a penalty. This angered the Persepolis fans and players who felt the referee was biased towards Esteghlal. Persepolis fans stormed the field, and many fights broke out on the pitch between fans and players. After this match it was decided that Iranian referees will no longer be used for the derby.
One of the most exciting and heated matches in derby history. The game was extremely sensitive as Mehdi Hasheminasab had left Persepolis in the off-season for Esteghlal. Behrouz Rahbarifar opened up the scoring in minute 56, while Mohammad Navazi tied the game up at the 67th minute. Many thought the game would be over when Hasheminasab scored a late goal at minute 86, but Ali Karimi saved Persepolis scoring a spectacular goal at minute 89 to please the red fans. During the game Esteghlal's goalkeeper Parviz Broumand and Persepolis striker Payan Rafat were constantly insulting each other. This eventually led to Broumand punching Rafat in the face and giving him a black eye. A massive fight broke out between the players. After the match hooligans went on a rampage. They completely destroyed 250 city buses and damaged many shops. Three players from each side were arrested along with 60 fans for their behavior.
Persepolis' win against Fajr Sepasi on the last day of the 2001-02 league with Ebrahim Asadi's header just after he substituted gave them the title of first ever IPL champions.
It was the retirement match for Ahmadreza Abedzadeh. Ali Karimi was one of Bayern players and played against his former club. Ali Ansarian scored for Persepolis .
Persepolis won Sepahan in front of over 100’000 fans and became 2007-08 IPL champion.
Mohsen Khalili lead Persepolis, After a while Ehsan Hajsafi tied game and it meant Sepahan is the champion. In 90+6th min when everyone was chill, in a chancy position, Captain Karim Bagheri Sent a Pass and Sepehr Heidari’s Header lead Persepolis and gave them championship.
See also.
Persepolis F.C. <br>
Persepolis F.C. Honours<br>
Takht Jamshid Cup <br>
17th of Shahrivar league <br>
Azadegan League<br>
Iran Pro League<br>
AFC Champions League<br>
Asian Cup Winners Cup

</doc>
<doc id="18393177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393177" title="Kohata Station">
Kohata Station

Layout.
This station has two side platforms serving two tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="18393194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393194" title="Uji Station (JR West)">
Uji Station (JR West)

Layout.
Originally, there were a side platform and an island platform serving three tracks on the ground and the station building is on the same level as the platforms and tracks. In April 2000, the station was renewed. Currently, there are two island platforms serving four tracks and the station is designed like the Phoenix Hall of Byōdō-in, the sightseeing place of Uji.

</doc>
<doc id="18393200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393200" title="Mesochorinae">
Mesochorinae

Mesochorinae is a worldwide subfamily of the parasitic wasp family Ichneumonidae. 
Mesochorinae are koinobiont hyperparasitoids of ectoparasitic or endoparasitic Ichneumonoidea, and, less frequently, of Tachinidae (Diptera). There are 10 genera.

</doc>
<doc id="18393204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393204" title="JR Ogura Station">
JR Ogura Station


</doc>
<doc id="18393207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393207" title="Winfield Scott (ship)">
Winfield Scott (ship)

Ships named Winfield Scott have been:

</doc>
<doc id="18393214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393214" title="List of bodies of water in Bali">
List of bodies of water in Bali

This is a list of significant lakes and rivers on the island of Bali, Indonesia.

</doc>
<doc id="18393218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393218" title="Erik Lund (footballer)">
Erik Lund (footballer)

Erik Lund (born 6 November 1988) is a Swedish footballer who plays for IFK Göteborg in Allsvenskan as a defender.
Career.
Lund began his career at Ljungskile SK, before signing for Aston Villa on 1 July 2005. He appeared in 10 games for Villa reserves in the 2006–07 season, and scored a rare goal in the opening match of the International Soccer Sevens against HKFC Soccer Section in a 1–0 victory. On 3 June 2007 he signed a new 2-year contract with Villa. In August 2007, Lund made his debut for the first team, coming on as a substitute for Craig Gardner in the pre-season friendly against Walsall.
On 1 July 2008, Lund agreed to a three and a half year contract with IFK Göteborg. He made his debut for IFK in a Svenska Cupen win over GIF Sundsvall on 10 July. On 23 July he made his UEFA Champions League debut in IFK's 4–0 win over Murata.

</doc>
<doc id="18393219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393219" title="Shinden Station (Kyoto)">
Shinden Station (Kyoto)


</doc>
<doc id="18393227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393227" title="Tracazolate">
Tracazolate

Tracazolate (ICI-136,753) is an anxiolytic drug which is used in scientific research. It is a pyrazolopyridine derivative, most closely related to pyrazolopyrimidine drugs such as zaleplon, and is one of a structurally diverse group of drugs known as the nonbenzodiazepines which act at the same receptor targets as benzodiazepines but have distinct chemical structures. 
Tracazolate has primarily anxiolytic and anticonvulsant effects, with sedative and muscle relaxant effects only appearing at higher doses. It has a unique receptor binding profile involving allosteric modulation of several GABAA receptor subtypes, being selective for GABAA receptors containing α1 and β3 subunits, but exhibiting different effects depending on the third type of subunit making up the receptor complex.

</doc>
<doc id="18393229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393229" title="Şahinler Holding">
Şahinler Holding

About Sahinler Holding.
The company has 27 production facilities and 350 stores in 15 countries, producing and selling over 50 million ready-to-wear garments. Sahinler Holding is a fully integrated group of companies which operates actively in all phases of textile and apparel production including spinning, knitting, dying finishing, printing, embroidery, cut, make and trim. The Group reaches the customer through its wholesale and retailer operations .Sahinler Holding is one of the biggest exporters in Turkey, the group also has its own steam and electric power station, a catering company, a building contractor and a holiday resort in Antalya Province, Turkey. The worldwide Şahinler corporation, with a turnover of one billion Euros, consists of two companies in Germany and one each in the Netherlands, Austria, France, Switzerland, Spain, Romania, Bulgaria, Slovenia, United Kingdom and the U.S., as well in Turkey.
Awards.
Others.
Bilkont Foreign Trade and Textile Industry, Inc., which handles Sahinler Group's import/export operations, was ranked 37th in the list of "1000 Biggest Exporters of 2004"announced by Turkish Exporter's Council. It was also ranked 66th in the list of "500 Biggest Industrial Enterprises of 2004" announced by the Istanbul Chamber of Commerce ; also two of the Group's companies, Sahinler Mensucat Industry and Trade Inc. and Modavizyon Textile Industry and Textile Inc. are climbing up to higher ranks in the same list. Santex Moden ranks 25th in Germany and is among the 100 largest companies in Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="18393241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393241" title="Jōyō Station">
Jōyō Station


</doc>
<doc id="18393255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393255" title="Sherman C. Bishop">
Sherman C. Bishop

Sherman Chauncey Bishop (1887–1951) was a herpetologist and arachnologist from New York. He studied at Cornell University and, with Cyrus R. Crosby, gave the Spruce-fir moss spider its scientific name. His "Handbook of Salamanders" (1943) was the first serious and comprehensive treatment of North American salamanders since Cope (1889).

</doc>
<doc id="18393257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393257" title="Nagaike Station">
Nagaike Station


</doc>
<doc id="18393268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393268" title="Isaac Nichols">
Isaac Nichols

Isaac Nichols (1770–1819) was a convict on the Third Fleet 
who became a successful businessman and was appointed the first Postmaster of New South Wales in 1809. The mayhem that could occur when supply ships arrived, which was said to include unscrupulous people taking other people's mail and selling it back to them, made a more secure and orderly system a necessity. Isaac used his house in lower George St, the Rocks, as the post office, going to newly arrived ships to pick up the mail and then posting a list of recipients outside his house. Isaac is credited with starting the first central post office.
He was transported for seven years in 1790 for stealing. In New South Wales he won favour with Governor Hunter and his aide-de-camp George Johnston, and was appointed chief overseer of convict gangs labouring in the Sydney area. In 1797 after his sentence expired, Hunter granted him in the Concord district, on which he established a farm, and was assigned two convicts to farm it in lieu of his salary as chief overseer. The next year he purchased a spirit license and opened an inn in George St. 
In 1799 he was convicted of receiving stolen goods and sentenced to 14 years on Norfolk Island, in a trial that Hunter believed was based on perjury and prejudice. (Nichols had refused to assign more convicts than was correct to John Macarthur and other officers of the New South Wales Corps). Hunter suspended the sentence and referred the matter to England. Eventually, in 1802, Governor King was instructed to grant him a free pardon. In the meantime, Nichols had added greatly to his landholdings and built a house and substantial buildings in lower George St. He established a shipyard, and in 1805 built a ship 'the Governor Hunter' which he used for trade.
Despite his earlier problems with the New South Wales Officers Corp, he sided with them in the Rum Rebellion to depose Governor Bligh. (He had been an assigned convict to George Johnston, one of the leaders of the rebellion, and later married his stepdaughter).In March 1809 he was appointed superintendent of public works and assistant to the naval office, and then in April he was appointed postmaster. When Governor Macquarie arrived he also approved of Nichols, and appointed him principal superintendent of convicts. In his last ten years Nichols enjoyed the respect and friendship of most leading people in the colony. His home was the scene of many social functions, including the Bachelors' Ball and the annual dinners to celebrate the foundation of the colony. He was a major supplier of meat to government stores and a generous subscriber to public causes. 
On 11 September 1796 Nichols had married Mary Warren, and after her death by drowning in October 1804, he married Rosanna Abrahams, daughter of Esther Johnston on 18 February 1805. She bore him three sons, Isaac David (1804–1867), 'gentleman', George Robert (1809–1857), barrister and solicitor, and Charles Hamilton (1811–1869). Shortly before Isaac Nichols died he sent the two elder boys to England to be educated.

</doc>
<doc id="18393273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393273" title="Football in Eritrea">
Football in Eritrea

After being under Ethiopian control, Eritrea gained its independence in 1991. In 1998 the country became a member of FIFA.

</doc>
<doc id="18393275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393275" title="Yamashiro-Aodani Station">
Yamashiro-Aodani Station


</doc>
<doc id="18393295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393295" title="Liu Pengli">
Liu Pengli

Liu Pengli (), Prince of Jidong (), was a 2nd-century Han prince. He is one of the earliest serial killers attested by historical sources.
Family.
Liu Penglai was the third son of Liu Wu (posthumously known as Prince Xiao of Liang), the grandson of the Emperor Wen and the nephew of the Emperor Jing. Liu Wu's other sons included (in order) Liu Mai, Liu Ming, Liu Ding, and Liu Bushi.
Biography.
Liu was created Prince of Jidong in the sixth year of the middle era of the Emperor Jing of Han (144 ), the year of his father's banishment from the capital and death. The empress dowager Xiaowen grieved greatly for her younger son and, to placate her (and weaken the powerful fief of Liang), Emperor Jing divided Liang in five and granted a part to each of Liu Wu's sons.
Sima Qian's "Records of the Grand Historian" relates that, "twenty-nine years later, he was arrogant and cruel and would go out on marauding expeditions with tens of slaves or young men who were in hiding from the law, murdering people and seizing their belongings for sheer sport. Confirmed victims exceeded 100, and these murders were known across the kingdom, so people were afraid of going out of their houses at night. Eventually, the son of one of his victims accused him to the Emperor, and the officials of the court requested that Liu Pengli be executed; however, the Emperor could not bear to have his own nephew killed, and Liu Pengli was made a commoner and banished to the county of Shangyong Zhushan in Hubei Province. In 116 , his sovereignty was abolished and his land was reclaimed by the Emperor Jing".

</doc>
<doc id="18393301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393301" title="Yamashiro-Taga Station">
Yamashiro-Taga Station


</doc>
<doc id="18393313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393313" title="Mid-Ulster Cup">
Mid-Ulster Cup

The Mid-Ulster Cup is a senior football competition in Northern Ireland run by the Mid-Ulster Football Association (founded 2nd April 1887). 
First held in 1887/88, the inaugural edition was won by Milford. For 30 seasons, from 1947/48 to 1977/78, while remaining a senior competition, senior clubs declined to take part, instead fielding their reserve teams. Senior clubs returned, however, for the 1978/79 season, when the Bob Radcliffe Cup was introduced as an intermediate competition.
The competition has been sponsored at various times by Golden Cow Dairies, Dukes Transport, Tennent's Lager, Bass, Ted Clarke, McEwan's Lager, Silverwood Hotel, Rushmere Shopping Centre and Belfast Telegraph.
Winners and finals.
Winners 1888-1978.
"Incomplete list of winners"
See also.
County Antrim Shield
North West Senior Cup
Bob Radcliffe Cup

</doc>
<doc id="18393317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393317" title="Tamamizu Station">
Tamamizu Station


</doc>
<doc id="18393327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393327" title="Tanakura Station">
Tanakura Station


</doc>
<doc id="18393334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393334" title="Bob Radcliffe Cup">
Bob Radcliffe Cup

The Bob Radcliffe Memorial Cup is an intermediate football competition in Northern Ireland run by the Mid-Ulster Football Association. It was introduced in 1978. The competition culminates in the final which has traditionally been played on Boxing Day.
Summary of winners.
† Includes one win by reserve team
‡ All by reserve team

</doc>
<doc id="18393336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393336" title="Craig Memorial Cup">
Craig Memorial Cup

The Craig Memorial Cup, also known as the William Craig Memorial Cup is an intermediate football competition in Northern Ireland run by the North West of Ireland Football Association. The competition culminates in the final which has traditionally been played on Boxing Day. The current champions are Institute after beating Tobermore United in the final. The match ended in a 1-1 draw and after extra time the scoreline remained the same, and Institute then won on penalties.

</doc>
<doc id="18393337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393337" title="Harriet Moore">
Harriet Moore

Harriet Moore (1829-1884), is formally known as Lady Bowell, the Spouse of the Prime Minister of Canada and wife of Mackenzie Bowell, the fifth Prime Minister of Canada. They had 9 children together. (5 girls, 4 boys)

</doc>
<doc id="18393339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393339" title="Bedfordshire Blue Raiders">
Bedfordshire Blue Raiders

The Bedfordshire Blue Raiders are an American Football team competing in Division 2 East of the BAFA National Leagues (BAFANL). They entered the British American Football League in 2008 as one of five expansion teams, and play their home games at the Bedford International Athletics Stadium.
History.
The Blue Raiders were formed in August 2006 by Dave Pankhurst and present-day Team Manager Steve Guy to replace the former teams from local towns such as Luton, Dunstable and Milton Keynes who all found success during the 1980s and 1990s. After quickly recruiting coaches (starting with Chris Wallis, former Head Coach of local rivals Peterborough Saxons and Cambridgeshire Cats who Guy knew from their time together at the University of Cambridge BCAFL team in the mid-1990s) and a full playing squad, they were accepted as associate members of the BAFL in August 2007.
As part of the BAFL's requirements for associate members, the Blue Raiders arranged the two friendly matches which would enable them to gain full membership and enter the league the following season. The first of these was a home game played on 9 September 2007 against the Maidstone Pumas. Despite the visiting team scoring a first period touchdown, the Raiders were able to come back to win 18–8. Their away friendly was played four weeks later against the Leicester Falcons, who themselves were associate members aiming to join the league. The Raiders lost 0–32. Two weeks later they played their third friendly match away to another associate team, the Milton Keynes City Pathfinders. Despite an early setback when their player-coach Anthony Coverdale dislocated his knee during the kickoff, they recorded a convincing 35–0 win.
The following month, it was confirmed that the Blue Raiders application to become full members had been accepted by the BAFL, and so they were entered into the league for the 2008 season where they were placed into the Eastern Conference of Division Two alongside the Peterborough Saxons, Cambridgeshire Cats, Watford Cheetahs and fellow expansion team the Milton Keynes City Pathfinders.

</doc>
<doc id="18393341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393341" title="Kamikoma Station">
Kamikoma Station


</doc>
<doc id="18393343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393343" title="God and Country">
God and Country

God and Country could be:

</doc>
<doc id="18393359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393359" title="Dan Cummins">
Dan Cummins

Dan Cummins (born May 17, 1977) is a professional stand-up comedian. His first comedy album, "Revenge is Near", distributed by Warner Brothers, was ranked as one of the top 10 comedy CDs of 2009 by Punchline Magazine. His first hour-long special for Comedy Central, titled "Crazy With A Capital F", premiered May 29, 2010.
Personal life.
Dan Cummins was born in Grangeville, Idaho, and grew up in the small nearby town of Riggins, Idaho (pop. 410). He graduated from high school in 1995, and in 1999 he earned a B.A. in psychology from Gonzaga University in Spokane, Washington. He then worked at a local residential treatment center as a Child and Family Counselor for six months, which he described as a horrible experience. Dan has two children, a four-year-old son and a two-year-old daughter with his former wife, whom he divorced in 2009. Dan shares custody of his children, who split time between Spokane and Santa Monica, where Dan currently lives.
Career.
In 2000, Dan had his first taste of standup, performing at the open mike of the now-defunct Laugh’s Comedy Cafe inside the Season Ticket bar near the Spokane Arena. In 2001, Dan entered the Seattle Comedy Competition, finishing as runner-up. There he met David Crowe, with whom he formed a two-man stand-up/sketch/music act, COBDOG, (Crowe On Bass, Dan On Guitar), the highlight of which was having a radio-friendly version of one of their sketches, titled "At The Coffee Shop," making the "The Bob and Tom Show" best-of CD, "Bob And Tom Gone Wild". The duo split in 2003.
In 2005, Dan performed at the New Faces showcase at the Just For Laughs Montreal Comedy Festival, catching the attention of both Comedy Central and "The Late Late Show" talent booker. In 2006, Dan performed on Comedy Central’s "Live at Gotham", his first performance recorded for television. A month later, he made his cable television debut, performing on "The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson". Also, in 2006, he performed at his second major festival, the HBO Las Vegas Comedy Festival. The year 2007 started off with Dan performing at the Comedy Central South Beach Comedy Festival, and then booking approximately 100 college dates at the NACA Nationals college booking convention in Nashville. Dan then recorded his first television stand-up special, "Comedy Central Presents Dan Cummins", in August at the Hudson Theater in New York. In 2008, Dan performed at nearly 100 schools and also advanced to the semi-finals of Last Comic Standing, Season 6.
In 2009, Dan’s Comedy Central Presents was voted third favorite by fans in Comedy Central’s annual Standup Showdown. Shortly after, Comedy Central bought the rights to air a one-hour special. On October 17, 2009, in front of a sold-out audience at the Bing Crosby Theater in Spokane, Washington, Dan recorded his first one-hour Comedy Central special, "Crazy With A Capital F". Its initial showing on Comedy Central aired May 29, 2010, at 11 p.m. The accompanying CD was released on May 25, 2010; the DVD version was released on June 8, 2010.
Later in June 2009, Dan performed at the second-annual Rooftop Comedy Aspen Comedy Festival. Also, Dan made two additional television appearances in 2009, appearing on an episode of Byron Allen’s "Comedy.TV", and on "The Tonight Show with Conan O'Brien" the day before Thanksgiving. The year 2009 also included the release of Dan’s first nationally distributed CD, "Revenge is Near", on June 23 via Warner Brothers Records. It peaked at No. 7 on the Billboard Comedy Charts, and Punchlinemagazine.com put it in their top 10 list for the best comedy CDs of 2009.
In 2010, Dan has appeared in season two of G4’s "The International Sexy Ladies Show", and has moved to Santa Monica where he has begun working with Creative Artists Agency. Dan is also currently trying to get his television projects into development, while still maintaining a busy tour schedule of colleges, clubs, and theaters. Dan has numerous videos on the web, with clips from both televised and non-televised routines, along with various web series. Finally, since early 2009, filmmaker Mike Newman has been filming an ongoing documentary on Dan’s journey through stand-up, and a teaser/trailer of this ongoing documentary will be included in the bonus section of the "Crazy With A Capital F" DVD.

</doc>
<doc id="18393362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393362" title="George William Alexander">
George William Alexander

George William Alexander (1802–1890) was an English financier and philanthropist. He was the founding Treasurer of the British and Foreign Anti-Slavery Society in 1839. The American statesman Frederick Douglass said that he "has spent more than an American fortune in promoting the anti-slavery cause ..."
Biography.
Alexander was born in London. When he was aged fourteen his father died, and Alexander had to work hard to continue his education and assist his mother, Ann, who had taken on the leadership of the company.
The Society for the Abolition of the Slave Trade was principally a Quaker society founded in the eighteenth century by Thomas Clarkson. The slave trade had been abolished throughout the British Empire in 1807. In August 1833 the British government passed the Slavery Abolition Act, advocated by William Wilberforce, which abolished slavery in the British Empire from August 1834, when some 800,000 people in the British empire became free.
There nevertheless remained a need for a society that could continue to campaign for anti-slavery worldwide, and the British and Foreign Anti-Slavery Society was accordingly founded in 1839. One of its first significant deeds was to organise the World Anti-Slavery Convention in 1840:
"The Convention assembled in London at the Free-mason's Hall, on Friday, 12th June. Our expectations, we confess, were high, and the reality did not disappooint them." A very large and detailed picture of the proceedings was commissioned that today is in the National Portrait Gallery. This very large picture shows Alexander as Treasurer of the new Society. The picture captures the meeting in 1840, but it was not complete until 1841. The new society's aim was "The universal extinction of slavery and the slave trade and the protection of the rights and interests of the enfranchised population in the British possessions and of all persons captured as slaves." 
Alexander reported on his visits in 1839, with James Whitehorn, to Sweden and the Netherlands to discuss the conditions of slaves in the Dutch colonies and in Suriname. In Suriname, he reported, there were over 100,000 slaves with an annual attrition rate of twenty per cent. The convention prepared open letters of protest to the respective sovereigns.
Alexander lived in the Quaker community in Stoke Newington Church Street, in a very well regarded group of houses known as Paradise Row. Here he was visited in 1850 by Alphonse de Lamartine, and in 1853 by Harriet Beecher Stowe. His and the society's interests were no longer confined to the British empire and as treasurer he appears to have given freely of his own money. The American freed slave and later abolitionist and statesman, Frederick Douglass, wrote in 1855 after hearing Alexander give a speech in Britain, "George William Alexander ... has spent more than an American fortune in promoting the anti-slavery cause in different sections of the world." The Society's balance sheet in 1854 showed that Alexander was still treasurer and that income was £766 whilst expenditure was £856, with £321 "due to the treasurer".
He traveled on behalf of the society in an effort to encourage other countries to abolish slavery, visiting Spain, France, the Netherlands and Denmark. In 1846, Alexander attended another World convention in London. This time the subject was temperance.
His growing wealth enabled him to have his house rebuilt by 1870; the building later became known as Kennaway House.
Alexander's company is the longest surviving discount house in the UK and was still extant in 1995, as Alexanders Discount plc.

</doc>
<doc id="18393363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393363" title="Miwasaki Station">
Miwasaki Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|West Japan Railway Company (JR West)

</doc>
<doc id="18393378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393378" title="Kii-Sano Station">
Kii-Sano Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|West Japan Railway Company (JR West)

</doc>
<doc id="18393379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393379" title="Aygaz">
Aygaz

Aygaz is Turkey’s 7th largest industrial organization according to the listing by Istanbul Chamber of Commerce. It is owned by the Koç Group, and partly floated on the Istanbul Stock Exchange.
Aygaz brings together the energy firms of the Koç Group outside the oil and refinery sector. Its subsidiary portfolio ranges from LPG trade to electricity and natural gas. Having been the leader of the LPG sector in Turkey since its foundation in 1961, Aygaz manufactures and sells LPG devices in addition to distributing LPG as auto gas, cylinder gas and bulk gas. Serving customers in 81 provinces with more than 3,800 cylinder gas dealers and auto gas stations, Aygaz also exports LPG devices to 22 countries in Europe, Africa and the Middle East. Aygaz cylinders are delivered to over 100,000 homes every day, while over one million vehicles travel with Aygaz’s auto gas product, Aygaz Euro LPG+, every day. With more than 15.000 personnel working at the headquarters, facilities and dealerships.
Recent activities.
In 2011, the consolidated sales revenue of Aygaz reached 5,456 million TL and its net profit raised to 380 million TL.

</doc>
<doc id="18393380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393380" title="All Nepal Democratic Youth Association">
All Nepal Democratic Youth Association

All Nepal Democratic Youth Association (, abbreviated अनेजयु संघ, "anejayu sangh") is a political youth movement in Nepal, the youth wing of Janamorcha Nepal. The 6th national congress of ANDYA was held in Dhulikhel, February 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18393397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393397" title="Ukui Station">
Ukui Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|West Japan Railway Company (JR West)

</doc>
<doc id="18393408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393408" title="Nachi Station">
Nachi Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|West Japan Railway Company (JR West)

</doc>
<doc id="18393427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393427" title="Kii-Temma Station">
Kii-Temma Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|West Japan Railway Company (JR West)

</doc>
<doc id="18393441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393441" title="Srdjan Kurpjel">
Srdjan Kurpjel

Srdjan Kurpjel, born 1971 in Sarajevo, is a composer and re-recording mixer for film and television. 
Srdjan began playing piano when he was 4 years old at the class of Neda Stankovic. He arranged the score for "Kuduz" aged only 15, and composed the score for "Praznik u Sarajevu" (1991). Subsequently forming an association with the composer Goran Bregovic, he worked as orchestrator, programmer and arranger on "Arizona Dream" (1993), and the Palme d'Or winning "Underground" (1995) and many more. He left his birthplace in 1991 and moved to London from where he heads his own post production facility house Zound. www.zound.com 
His TV credits as composer include Judderman Metz, Guinness, United Airlines, Audi, MTV News, Christopher Reid's Poem Song of Lunch with Emma Thomson and Alan Rickman, Messiah V for BBC, The End of the Line, "The Long Walk to Finchley" (2008), "Transit" (2005), "The Naked Pilgrim" (2003) and many more. 
Other Sound Design Credits and Mixing include Around the World in 80 days, Tristan & Isolde, This Must be the Place with Sean Penn, The Disappearance of Alice Creed with Gemma Arterton, Heartless with Jim Sturgess, Skellig with Tim Roth, etc..

</doc>
<doc id="18393445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393445" title="Kii-Katsuura Station">
Kii-Katsuura Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|West Japan Railway Company (JR West)

</doc>
<doc id="18393449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393449" title="Cyrus R. Crosby">
Cyrus R. Crosby

Cyrus Richard Crosby (1879–1937) was an entomologist and arachnologist who taught at Cornell University. Along with Sherman C. Bishop he gave the scientific name to the Spruce-fir moss spider. The Crosbycus, a genus of Ceratolasmatidae is also named for him.

</doc>
<doc id="18393454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393454" title="Yukawa Station">
Yukawa Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|West Japan Railway Company (JR West)

</doc>
<doc id="18393464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393464" title="Taiji Station">
Taiji Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|West Japan Railway Company (JR West)

</doc>
<doc id="18393486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393486" title="Graphocephala coccinea">
Graphocephala coccinea

Graphocephala coccinea is a meadow and woodland-dwelling species of brightly colored leafhopper native to North and Central America, from Canada south to Panama. Common names include candy-striped leafhopper, red-banded leafhopper, scarlet-and-green leafhopper and red-and-blue leafhopper. 
"G. coccinea" adults measure 6.7–8.4 mm in length and have vivid blue (or green) and red (or orange-red) stripes on their wings and the top of their thorax combined with bright yellow coloration on their head, legs, abdomen, and elsewhere.
Leafhoppers feed on plant sap with the aid of specialized mouthparts. 
Pierce's disease.
"G. coccinea" has been identified as one of several leafhopper species that is a vector in leaf scorch caused by the gammaproteobacteria "Xylella fastidiosa" (also known as "Pierce's disease"). "X. fastidiosa" is responsible for the decline of certain woody plants such as elm, oak, and other ornamental trees. According to a research entomologist at the United States National Arboretum, "An understanding of the transmission of this bacterium by insect vectors is economically important because there is neither any known effective therapy for infected trees and shrubs nor a strategy for preventing infection."
Subspecies.
At least three subspecies of "G. coccinea" have been named: "G. coccinea confluenta", "G. coccinea punctata", and "G. coccinea sambuci" (all Olsen 1918).

</doc>
<doc id="18393490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393490" title="Brahmanandam Drama Company">
Brahmanandam Drama Company

Brahmanandam Drama Company (Telugu) is a 2008 Telugu film starring Sivaji, Ravi Krishna, Brahmanandam and Kamalinee Mukherjee. The film is directed by E. Srikanth Nahatha and produced by: Palli Kesava Rao and K. Kishore Reddy. The film is a Telugu Remake of Hindi Film "Bhagam Bhag". The film bombed at the Box-office
Plot.
Anandam (Brahmanandam) runs a drama company. Vasu (Sivaji), Srinu (Ravi Krishna), Soni (Samiksha) are the heroes and heroine of the drama company. The company gets a chance to perform in Bangkok and the heroine gives them a hand. Anandam announces that whoever gets the heroine will become the heroine in the company. From there on the film takes several twists as the duo are in pursuit of a heroine and the strange circumstan.

</doc>
<doc id="18393500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393500" title="Shimosato Station">
Shimosato Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|West Japan Railway Company (JR West)

</doc>
<doc id="18393506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393506" title="Kii-Uragami Station">
Kii-Uragami Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|West Japan Railway Company (JR West)

</doc>
<doc id="18393514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393514" title="Mad Max (band)">
Mad Max (band)

Mad Max is a Christian rock band from Münster, Germany, that consists of Michael Voss (vocals), Jürgen Breforth (guitars), Roland Bergmann (bass) and Axel Kruse (drums). Mad Max debuted in 1982 with their self-titled album and managed to gain a lot of success in Europe and Japan in the mid-80's before fading away in 1989. Michael Voss and Jürgen Breforth reunited and put out a comeback album in 1999. Six years later the whole band has reemerged again and put out three albums in 2006 and 2007 and "Here We Are" in 2008.
Mad Max will be supporting German heavy metal guitarist Axel Rudi Pell during the Circle Of The Oath Tour during April & May in 2012

</doc>
<doc id="18393525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393525" title="Kii-Tahara Station">
Kii-Tahara Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|West Japan Railway Company (JR West)

</doc>
<doc id="18393536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393536" title="Koza Station">
Koza Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|West Japan Railway Company (JR West)

</doc>
<doc id="18393542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393542" title="Jules Lequier">
Jules Lequier

Jules Lequier (or "Lequyer"; January 30, 1814 – February 11, 1862) was a French philosopher from Brittany. He wrote in favour of dynamic divine omniscience, wherein God's knowledge of the future is one of possibilities rather than actualities. Omniscience, under this view, is the knowledge of necessary facts as necessary, and contingent facts as contingent. Since the future does not yet exist as anything more than a realm of abstract possibilities, it is no impugning of divine omniscience to claim that God does not know the future as a fixed and unalterable state of affairs: that he does not know what is not there to be known. Lequier's approach guarantees both divine and human freedom, and suggests a partial resolution of the apparent inconsistency of human-wrought evil and the perfect goodness, power and knowledge of God.

</doc>
<doc id="18393545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393545" title="Yellow Hills">
Yellow Hills

The Yellow Hills are a mountain range in Washoe County, Nevada. They are located within the East Fork High Rock Canyon Wilderness.

</doc>
<doc id="18393547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393547" title="Kii-Hime Station">
Kii-Hime Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|West Japan Railway Company (JR West)

</doc>
<doc id="18393552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393552" title="Kimberly J. Mueller">
Kimberly J. Mueller

Kimberly Jo Mueller (born September 17, 1957 in Newton, Kansas) is a Federal District Judge of the Sacramento Division of United States District Court for the Eastern District of California. She is the first female district judge to serve in the Eastern District.
Education.
Mueller obtained a Bachelor of Arts degree from Pomona College in 1981, and a Juris Doctor from Stanford University in 1995.
Political career.
Mueller served as a legislative aide for California State Assembly member Lloyd Connelly. After moving to Sacramento's Tahoe Park neighborhood, Mueller was elected to the Sacramento City Council, where she served from 1987 through 1992.
While on the council, Mueller was selected to serve as Vice-Mayor and chair of the city's budget committee. She also led a successful effort with then-Mayor Anne Rudin to introduce campaign finance reform to the city's politics.
Legal career.
Mueller left her position on the Sacramento City Council in 1992 to attend Stanford Law School. After graduation, she worked for five years at the Sacramento office of Orrick, Herrington and Sutcliffe, and later opened her own private practice.
In 2003, Mueller was appointed as a federal magistrate judge of the Sacramento Division of United States District Court for the Eastern District of California, becoming just the second woman to hold this position since the Eastern District was established in 1966.
Mueller currently is an adjunct professor at the University of the Pacific McGeorge School of Law.
On March 10, 2010, President Barack Obama nominated Mueller to serve as United States federal judge for the United States District Court for the Eastern District of California. Her nomination was unanimously confirmed by the United States Senate on December 16, 2010. Mueller received her commission on December 21, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="18393565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393565" title="Kushimoto Station">
Kushimoto Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|West Japan Railway Company (JR West)

</doc>
<doc id="18393566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393566" title="The Difficult Crossing">
The Difficult Crossing

The Difficult Crossing "(La traversée difficile)" is the name given to two oil-on-canvas paintings by the Belgian surrealist René Magritte. The original version was completed in 1926 during Magritte's early prolific years of surrealism and is currently held in a private collection. A later version was completed in 1963 and is also held in a private collection.
The 1926 version.
The 1926 version contains a number of curious elements, some of which are common to many of Magritte's works.
The bilboquet or baluster (the object which looks like the bishop from a chess set) first appears in the painting "The Lost Jockey" (1926). In this and some other works—for example "The Secret Player" (1927) and "The Art of Conversation" (1961)—the bilboquet seems to play an inanimate role analogous to a tree or plant. In other instances, such as here with "The Difficult Crossing," the bilboquet is given the anthropomorphic feature of a single eye.
Another common feature of Magritte's works seen here is the ambiguity between windows and paintings. The back of the room shows a boat in a thunderstorm, but the viewer is left to wonder if the depiction is a painting or the view out a window. Magritte elevated the idea to another level in his series of works based on "The Human Condition" where "outdoor" paintings and windows both appear and even overlap.
The front right leg of the table resembles a human leg.
The 1963 version.
In the 1963 version, a number of elements have changed or disappeared. Instead of taking place in a room, the action has moved outside. There is no table or hand clutching a bird and the scene of the rough sea in the ambiguous window/painting at the rear becomes the entire new background. Near the front a low brick wall is seen with a bilboquet behind and a suited figure with an eyeball for a head in front.
There is ambiguity as to whether the suited figure is a man or another bilboquet. Some bilboquet figures, for example those in "The Encounter" (1929), have similar eyeball heads, however the suit covers the body and no clear identification can be made.
Relation to other paintings.
Both versions of "The Difficult Crossing" show a strong similarity to Magritte's painting "The Birth of the Idol", also from 1926. The scene is outside and depicts a rough sea in the background (this time without ship). Objects which appear include a bilboquet (the non-anthropomorphic variety), a mannequin arm (similar to the hand which clutches the bird) and a wooden board with window-like holes cut out which is nearly identical to those flanking both sides of the room in earlier version.
All three paintings may have been inspired by Giorgio de Chirico's "Metaphysical Interior" (1916) which features a room with a number of strange objects and an ambiguous window/painting showing a boat. Magritte was certainly aware of De Chirico's work and was emotionally moved by his first viewing of a reproduction of "Song of Love" (1913–14).

</doc>
<doc id="18393569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393569" title="Jack Cecil Collins">
Jack Cecil Collins

Jack Cecil Collins (born 9 May 1925) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy and Essendon in the VFL.
Collins, who was recruited locally to Fitzroy, kicked seven goals in a game against St Kilda at Brunswick Street in his debut season.
He finished his career with a premiership at Essendon in 1950, where he played on the wing in the Grand Final win.
His sons Daryl and Denis both played in the VFL during the 1970s.

</doc>
<doc id="18393572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393572" title="Kii-Arita Station">
Kii-Arita Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|West Japan Railway Company (JR West)

</doc>
<doc id="18393578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393578" title="Holden Lane High School">
Holden Lane High School

Holden Lane High School is a comprehensive / community school located in Sneyd Green, Stoke on Trent, England. It was established in 1963 and educates pupils of ages 11–16. It became a specialist Sports College in 2001 and is the hub for the development of P.E. and school sport for both secondary and primary schools in the north of the city.
Situated in the north of Stoke-on-Trent, the school has a catchment from the neighbourhoods of Sneyd Green, Milton, Baddeley Green, Norton-in-the-Moors, and Ball Green. The socio-economic circumstances of the area the school serves are below average. The vast majority of students are White British.
Ofsted Inspection 2011/2012.
The latest Ofsted inspection was on 23 – 24 May 2011. It rated Holden Lane High School as 'inadequate' and as a result the school was placed into special measures.
They have now had a further inspection and Holden Lane has been seen to be doing many improvements and is taking its steps to become out of special measures.
But Holden lane have previously had two further inspections. On the first they revived all satisfactory for all and good for management and then on the second visit they Achieved good in all areas.
Academic standards.
In 2010 the school achieved GCSE examination performance of 89 per cent of pupils obtaining 5 or more GCSE's at the higher grades of 'A star' to 'C' (5A*-C), and 55% of pupils obtaining 5 or more GCSE's at the higher grades of 'A star' to 'C' including English and Maths. This latter figure exceeds the 'The Fisher Family Trust' measure FFT D, which indicates the progress made by schools in the top 25% percentile of value-added scores nationally.
In 2009 the school's achieved 75% 5A*-C and 43% 5A*-C including English and Maths.
In 2011 Holden lane achieved 87% (5A*-C)in their GCSE Results.
School Leadership & Management.
The Headteacher is Mr John Patino. John was formally deputy head at Alsop High School, a school graded as Outstanding by Ofsted.
For 17 years, the school was led by Mr. D. Gray. He retired in July 1996. Mr. P. Roberts, Deputy Headteacher, became Acting Headteacher for one term prior to Lynne Hardcastle's appointment in January 1997. Mrs. Hardcastle took early retirement in July 2006. She was succeeded by her Deputy, Mrs. Jacqueline Lewis. Mrs. Lewis served the school in various capacities from September 1972 and was Acting Head until May 2011.
'Feeder' Primary Schools & 'Cluster' Secondary Schools.
Pupils at the school are drawn largely from Norton, Milton, Hillside, Sneyd Green, Ball Green and Holden Lane Primary Schools, with lesser numbers coming from Newford (Smallthorne) and Greenways Schools.
Holden Lane High School is 'Clustered' with Birches Head High, Mitchell High, and Berry Hill High.

</doc>
<doc id="18393580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393580" title="Tanami Station">
Tanami Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|West Japan Railway Company (JR West)

</doc>
<doc id="18393582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393582" title="Richard Coyne">
Richard Coyne

Richard Coyne is a professor at the University of Edinburgh and author of several books on the implications of information technology and design, published by MIT Press and Routledge. His work is strongly influenced by the writings of the philosopher Hans-Georg Gadamer on hermeneutics and interpretation theory, particularly as developed by Coyne's colleague Adrian Snodgrass in the 1990s, and with whom he co-authored the book "Interpretation in Architecture: Design as a Way of Thinking".
He is Professor of Architectural Computing and was Head of the School of Arts, Culture and Environment (which covered the disciplines of architecture, history of art and music) until its merger with Edinburgh College of Art. Coyne is an architect by training and brings a design-oriented and spatial understanding to his research and writing on digital themes.

</doc>
<doc id="18393584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393584" title="Cremastinae">
Cremastinae

Cremastinae is a worldwide subfamily of the parasitic wasp family Ichneumonidae. 
Cremastinae are koinobiont endoparasitoids of Lepidoptera and, sometimes, Coleoptera larvae in tunnels, leaf rolls, buds and galls. There are 25 genera.

</doc>
<doc id="18393587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393587" title="Tako Station">
Tako Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|West Japan Railway Company (JR West)

</doc>
<doc id="18393593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393593" title="Beneath (video game)">
Beneath (video game)

Beneath is a third-person action-adventure game developed by Presto Studios that was scheduled to be published by Activision in , but was cancelled.
Gameplay.
In 1906, Jack Wells travels to the Arctic in search of his father who has gone missing on an archeological expedition. The exploration leads underground into a vast subterranean world.
Development.
The 3D game engine was to feature 16-bit graphics and hardware acceleration.

</doc>
<doc id="18393594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393594" title="Kuduz">
Kuduz

Kuduz is a 1989 film, set in SR Bosnia and Herzegovina written by Abdullah Sidran and Ademir Kenović, who also directed the film. It was nominated for three European Film Awards in 1989: "Best Young Film", "Best Actress" (for Snežana Bogdanović), and "Best Composer" (for Goran Bregović). It is based on the true story of the outlaw Junuz Kečo.
Plot.
A petty criminal is released from prison and marries his girlfriend. He manages to live a life free from crime, poor but happy, until his new wife commits adultery, which leads him to murder her and her lover. He then escapes into the mountains and evades justice for years.
This is a story about love and tragedy. It takes place in the grim social setting of city outskirts. Badema, a seductive local girl, meets Bećir Kuduz who has just come out of prison. Neither the age difference nor fact that Badema has a little girl of her own (without knowing who the father is) stops them from coming together, each with plans of their own. Kuduz dreams of starting up his own construction business, Badema wants to work in a local cafe where it is fun and never boring. 
But Badema is obviously quite light-hearted and is no homebody. Kuduz, meanwhile, is a man plagued by tragedy, torn by love, passion and jealousy. The two squabble and make up, then fight and split up only to return, and so the story unfolds until it reaches its inevitable tragic end. And it would all be utterly banal and unimportant were it not for fact that behind this tragedy lies the pure, true love of two people who find each other in this cruel world: Kuduz and Badema's five-year-old daughter Amela.
Awards.
European award "Felix", Paris, France:
Yugoslav Feature Film Festival, Pula, SR Croatia:
Film Festival Vrnjačka Banja, Yugoslavia: 
Film Festival, Herceg Novi: 
Film Festival, Niš, Yugoslavia:

</doc>
<doc id="18393595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393595" title="Wabuka Station">
Wabuka Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|West Japan Railway Company (JR West)

</doc>
<doc id="18393605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393605" title="Not to be Reproduced">
Not to be Reproduced

Not to be Reproduced (La reproduction interdite, 1937) is a painting by the Belgian surrealist René Magritte. It currently is owned by the Museum Boijmans Van Beuningen in Rotterdam.
This painting was commissioned by poet and Magritte patron Edward James and is considered a portrait of James although James' face is not depicted. This painting was one of three produced by Magritte for the ballroom of James' London home. The other two were "The Red Model" (1937) and "Time Transfixed" (1938).
The work depicts a man standing in front of a mirror, but whereas the book on the mantelpiece is reflected correctly, the man can see only the back of his head.
Connections to Other Works.
The book on the mantel is a well-worn copy of Edgar Allan Poe's "The Narrative of Arthur Gordon Pym of Nantucket" (written here in French as "Les aventures d'Arthur Gordon Pym)". Poe was one of Magritte's favorite authors and he made other references to the author and his work. For example, the title of the painting "The Domain of Arnheim" (1938) was taken from the Poe short story of the same name.
Magritte painted another portrait of Edward James titled "The Pleasure Principle" (1937). It depicts James from the front, sitting at a table; however, his face is obscured by a bright flash like that produced by a camera flash.

</doc>
<doc id="18393610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393610" title="Esumi Station">
Esumi Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|West Japan Railway Company (JR West)

</doc>
<doc id="18393627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393627" title="Mirozu Station">
Mirozu Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|West Japan Railway Company (JR West)

</doc>
<doc id="18393640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393640" title="Susami Station">
Susami Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|West Japan Railway Company (JR West)

</doc>
<doc id="18393643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393643" title="Ademir Kenović">
Ademir Kenović

Ademir Kenović (born 14 September 1950 in Sarajevo) is a Bosnian film director and producer. He graduated from the University of Sarajevo in 1969. In 1972-1973 he studied film, English literature and art at the Denison University in Ohio. His films include "Kuduz" (1989) and "It's Hard to be Nice" (2007). His 1997 work "The Perfect Circle" won the François Chalais Prize.

</doc>
<doc id="18393656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393656" title="Kii-Hiki Station">
Kii-Hiki Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|West Japan Railway Company (JR West)

</doc>
<doc id="18393657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393657" title="René Beaumont">
René Beaumont

René Beaumont (born 1940) is a French politician. He was a member of the Union for French Democracy and is currently a member of the Union for a Popular Movement. A veterinarian by profession, he has also been a senator from Saône-et-Loire since September 26, 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="18393670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393670" title="Elective Affinities (painting)">
Elective Affinities (painting)

Elective Affinities () is a 1933 painting by the Belgian surrealist René Magritte. The title is taken from the Johann Wolfgang von Goethe book "Elective Affinities."
Magritte had the following to say about this work:

</doc>
<doc id="18393671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393671" title="Bill Snell">
Bill Snell

William 'Bill' Snell (23 March 1927 – 18 March 2009) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the VFL during the early 1950s.
A centre half forward, Snell made his debut in Dick Reynolds's 300th game. He was a member of Essendon's 1950 premiership team and also played in the side which lost the decider the following season. He suffered a serious head injury during a pre-season game before the 1951 season. Although doctors feared that he would never play football again, Snell returned to play the last eight games of the 1951 VFL season, including Essendon's loss to Geelong in the 1951 VFL Grand Final. He played a further eight games in 1952 before retiring from the VFL and going to coach the Stawell Football Club in 1953.

</doc>
<doc id="18393672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393672" title="Tsubaki Station">
Tsubaki Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|West Japan Railway Company (JR West)

</doc>
<doc id="18393677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393677" title="Static (Planet Funk album)">
Static (Planet Funk album)

Static is the third album by the Italian dance musical group Planet Funk. It was released in 2006 under EMI Music. 
Vocal parts are interpreted by Luke Allen, except track 10, which is sung by Jovanotti.

</doc>
<doc id="18393685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393685" title="Kii-Tonda Station">
Kii-Tonda Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|West Japan Railway Company (JR West)

</doc>
<doc id="18393707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393707" title="Between Seventeen and Twenty">
Between Seventeen and Twenty

"Between Seventeen and Twenty" is a song by Elton John with lyrics by Bernie Taupin, the eleventh track on his 1976 album "Blue Moves". Many believe that the song is about Bernie Taupin's then-wife Maxine Feibelman, for whom he wrote one of John's most known songs, "Tiny Dancer". At the time of making the album, Bernie and Maxine divorced, as she had fallen for Elton's new bassist, Kenny Passarelli. Bernie was a close friend of Passarelli at the time, which can be seen in the lyric:
""I wonder who's sleeping in your sheets tonight, whose head rests upon the bed" <br>
"Could it be a close friend I knew so well, who seems to be so close to you instead""
The title refers to the age difference between Bernie and Maxine. He was 20 years old when he met her, and she was 17. Some also believe that the song is in fact written about Elton, as Bernie was 17 when he met Elton, who was then 20. Shortly after the release of the album, Elton and Bernie decided to take a break from each other.
The songs has not appeared on any other albums.

</doc>
<doc id="18393708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393708" title="Kaplan Street">
Kaplan Street

Kaplan Street is a major thoroughfare in central Tel Aviv, Israel, running from the Azrieli Center interchange on its eastern edge, to Ibn Gabirol Street on its western edge. Named after Eliezer Kaplan, an important Israeli politician, the street connects the city center to the Ayalon Highway, and is one of the busiest streets in the city. Right next to it, lies the old Templer neighborhood of Sarona, which is undergoing a major renovation programme, in addition to the street itself, which has been widened in recent years. 

</doc>
<doc id="18393710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393710" title="Shirahama Station">
Shirahama Station

Layout.
This station has 2 platforms serving 4 tracks on the ground - a side platform serving a track, an island platform serving 2 tracks a dead-end track on the north side. Each platform is connected with an overbridge with escalators.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|West Japan Railway Company (JR West)
 

</doc>
<doc id="18393717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393717" title="Doğan Holding">
Doğan Holding

Doğan Holding is one of the top industrial conglomerates in Turkey operating in the energy, media, industry, trade, insurance and tourism industries.
Lawsuits and accusations.
POAS privatization controversy.
On Sept 3, 1998, the Petrol Ofisi (POAS) privatization tender ended with Akmaya-Orteks Group offering USD 1.160 billion, Doğuş Holding-Garanti Bank USD 1.150 billion, Türkiye İş Bankası-Bayindir Holding-Park Holding-PUIS Grubu USD 1.110 billion.
The Privatization Board of Turkey however preferred Türkiye İş Bankası-Bayindir Holding-Park Holding-PUIS consortium. This was later on cancelled by the court and Dogan Holding won the next bidding process. The case involved serious corruption allegations, with then-Vice Prime Minister Mesut Yılmaz and then-State Minister Isin Celebi accused of abuse of power and Aydın Doğan of manipulating the public opinion through his media network.
Tax fraud charges.
On Sept 8, 2009, Dogan Yayin said tax authorities wanted companies it controls to pay a total of TL3.76bn ($2.5bn) in unpaid taxes and penalties – equivalent to more than four-fifths of the combined market value of Dogan Holding and Dogan Yayin. The fine was issued after an earlier tax penalty of more than $500 million was leveled against the group in February for tax irregularities connected to the sale of a 25 percent stake in its television unit to German publisher Axel Springer AG.
Three weeks later, Turkey's largest media group Dogan Yayin said it was officially notified of an increase in a tax fine to 4.8 billion lira ($3.22 billion). The Halkali Tax Office had sent notifications to Dogan Yayin, stating movable and immovable properties provided as a guarantee by the firm could be sold at the end of the legal process.
Manipulation of tax court electronic distribution system.
Dogan's financial specialists and attorneys reclaimed their case file a number of times in order to ensure that it would not be put into the electronic distribution system in order to determine which court the case will be heard in. According to claims, Dogan's financial experts spent eight hours in the Tax Court on October 2, 2009 in order to ensure their case was handed over to a specific preferred court.
SPK accusations.
On September 28, 2009, Turkey's Capital Markets Board SPK, accused Aydın Doğan, Imre Barmanbek, Hanzade Dogan Boyner and Ali Riza Temuroglu for deliberately causing financial losses to Hurriyet Gazetecilik and Dogan Gazetecilik. It claimed that Dogan Holding purchased paper and publishing supplies at higher producer/seller unit prices from offshore companies—Sortal Trading Company Limited and Shawcliff Trading Limited—instead of direct producers. This, the SPK contends, cost Hurriyet Gazetecilik and Dogan Gazetecilik TL 33.12 million (USD 22.19 million), excluding the interest. The SPK reported that it would take the case to court.

</doc>
<doc id="18393722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393722" title="Asso Station">
Asso Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|West Japan Railway Company (JR West)

</doc>
<doc id="18393726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393726" title="All Nepal Democratic Youth Association (RJM group)">
All Nepal Democratic Youth Association (RJM group)

All Nepal Democratic Youth Association (, abbreviated अनेजयु संघ, "anejayu sangh") is a political youth movement in Nepal, the youth wing of Rastriya Janamorcha. Kashinath Pokhrel is the president of the organisation.

</doc>
<doc id="18393728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393728" title="Massacre Range">
Massacre Range

The Massacre Range is a mountain range in Washoe County, Nevada, USA. The range is partly within the High Rock Canyon Wilderness.

</doc>
<doc id="18393730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393730" title="Bernard Cahier">
Bernard Cahier

Bernard Cahier (June 20, 1927 – July 10, 2008) was a French Formula One photo-journalist.
Cahier began photographing F1 in 1952 and in 1968 he was one of the founders of the International Racing Press Association (IRPA) which began the process of organising the media in F1. After the conflict with the FIA and FOCA, he remained close to F1 by running the Cahier Archive, one of the sport's most complete archives.
In 1966 Cahier helped John Frankenheimer to make the Grand Prix movie and even played a role himself.

</doc>
<doc id="18393732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393732" title="Kii-Shinjō Station">
Kii-Shinjō Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|West Japan Railway Company (JR West)

</doc>
<doc id="18393737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393737" title="Praznik u Sarajevu">
Praznik u Sarajevu

Praznik u Sarajevu (English: Holiday in Sarajevo) is a 1991 film set in Western Europe and Sarajevo, with a set of Sarajevan thieves returning home for the Christmas holidays. It was directed by Benjamin Filipović and written by Abdulah Sidran.

</doc>
<doc id="18393747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393747" title="Kii-Tanabe Station">
Kii-Tanabe Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|West Japan Railway Company (JR West)

</doc>
<doc id="18393755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393755" title="Benjamin Filipović">
Benjamin Filipović

Benjamin Filipović (1962, Sarajevo - 20 July 2006, Sarajevo) was a Bosnian film director and academic. He taught at the directing department of Academy of Performing Arts in Sarajevo.

</doc>
<doc id="18393758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393758" title="204th Engineer Battalion (United States)">
204th Engineer Battalion (United States)

The 204th Engineer Battalion was constituted on 1 December 1967 in the New York Army National Guard. This battalion was organized on 1 February 1967 from existing units in south-central New York. The headquarters of the unit was established in Binghamton, New York.
History.
The units which formed the battalion brought with them the campaign credits and unit awards earned in previous service to the United States. The Service Company has seven campaign credits for World War I and three credits for service in the Pacific during World War II. Company A has three campaign credits for World War I and another three for service in World War II. Company B has three World War I credits and nine World War II credits. Of the latter, five are for service in Europe and four are for service in the Pacific. The company also received a Meritorious Unit Commendation and a Philippine Presidential Unit Citation. Company C has one American Civil War credit, three World War I credits, and 10 World War II credits. Five of these are based on service of predecessor units in Europe and the other five are for service in the Pacific. In addition, Company C earned a Presidential Unit Citation for Saipan and a French Croix de Guerre with Silver Star for World War I service in the Meuse-Argonne. The unit was twice cited in the Order of the Day of the Belgian Army.
Recent service and the global War on Terror.
The 204th Engineer Battalion offered assistance to New York following the 11 Sept. attacks on the World Trade Center. 
Elements of the battalion have been activated in support of the Global War on Terror, serving with distinction in both Afghanistan (Operation Enduring Freedom) and Iraq (Operation Iraqi Freedom). Additionally, the battalion has been activated numerous times for state service including response to the 2006 Southern Tier floods, and the February 2007 snow storms in Oswego, NY.
Current structure.
In 2006, the battalion was restructured to further meet the needs of the National Guard. Companies A (Walton, NY) and B (Horseheads, NY) were combined and redesignated the 827th Engineer Company. Company C (Peekskill, NY) was redesignated the 1156th Engineer Company. Additionally, the 152nd Engineer Company (Buffalo, NY) was reassigned to the 204th Engineer Battalion. 
The Battalion is assigned to the 53rd Troop Command, New York Army National Guard.

</doc>
<doc id="18393760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393760" title="Haya Station">
Haya Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|West Japan Railway Company (JR West)

</doc>
<doc id="18393767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393767" title="Waulpane">
Waulpane

Wavula Pane is a cave located in Bulutota Rakwana range, northwest of Embilipitiya one of the archeological site located in Sri Lanka. 
The cave is located in the Ratnapura District, in the Kolonne Korale, about 278 m (912 feet) above sea level. The meaning of Wavul Pane (Sinhalese name) is Cave of Bats. Approximately more than 250,000 bats that inhabit it. 
External links.
ABSTRACT

</doc>
<doc id="18393772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393772" title="ARCA Midwest Tour">
ARCA Midwest Tour

The ARCA Midwest Tour Presented by ECHO Outdoor Power Equipment is a pavement Super Late Model auto racing series based in the Midwestern United States with its headquarters in Lake Geneva, Wisconsin. The Automobile Racing Club of America (ARCA) sanctions the regional series as a developmental series along with its CRA Super Series and ARCA Lincoln Welders Truck Series. 
History.
The series can trace its roots back to the ARTGO series which was formed in 1975. NASCAR sanctioned the tour from 1998 until 2006. During that time, it was known as the RE/MAX Challenge Series, International Truck & Engine Midwest Series and finally the NASCAR AutoZone Elite Division, Midwest Series. NASCAR discontinued the series in 2006 as car counts dwindled. 
Tim Olson and Stephen Einhaus formed Cars and Stars Promotions in 2006 to begin a separate series that replaced the defunct ARTGO / NASCAR series. It was sanctioned by the American Speed Association (ASA) and was known as the ASA Midwest Tour. ARCA took over sanctioning the series in 2013 when it began to be known as the ARCA Midwest Tour. 
Tour.
In 2013, the tour will make stops at tracks in Wisconsin, Illinois, and Minnesota.
Drivers.
The series has its "Touring Stars" program, which recognizes the top drivers committed to racing the whole schedule. The "Touring Stars" are featured throughout the year on posters and event fliers promoting the series, as well as are eligible for pay bonuses at each race.
There have also been many NASCAR stars that have made appearances in the ASA Midwest Tour, such as Aric Almirola, David Ragan, David Stremme, Rusty Wallace, Tony Stewart, Kelly Bires, Kevin Harvick, Landon Cassill, Matt Kenseth, Jeff Green, Ron Hornaday, Kyle Busch, Travis Kvapil, Todd Kluever, Johnny Sauter, Erik Darnell, Scott Wimmer, Ken Schrader, Tim Sauter, Jay Sauter, Dick Trickle, and Rich Bickle.

</doc>
<doc id="18393774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393774" title="Minabe Station">
Minabe Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|West Japan Railway Company (JR West)

</doc>
<doc id="18393782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393782" title="Football at the 1952 Summer Olympics – Men's team squads">
Football at the 1952 Summer Olympics – Men's team squads

1952
Head coach: Viktor Hierländer

Head coach: Newton Cardoso

Head coach: Krum Milev

Head coach: Luis Tirado

Head coach: Axel Bjerregaard

Head coach: Edward Jones

Head coach: Aatos Lehtonen

Head coach: 

Head coach: Sepp Herberger

Head coach: Walter Winterbottom

Head coach: Antonis Migiakis

Head coach: Gusztáv Sebes

Head coach: S. A. Rahim

Head coach: Giuseppe Meazza

Head coach: Adolf Patek

Head coach: Jaap van der Leck

Head coach: 
Squad: [http://www.linguasport.com/futbol/internacional/olimpiadas/1952_HELSINKI_SQUADS.htm]
Head coach: Frank Soo

Head coach: Michał Matyas

Head coach: Gheorghe Popescu I

Head coach: George Raynor

Head coach: Sandro Puppo

Head coach: John Wood

Head coach: Boris Arkadyev

Head coach: Milorad Arsenijević

</doc>
<doc id="18393783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393783" title="Iwashiro Station">
Iwashiro Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|West Japan Railway Company (JR West)

</doc>
<doc id="18393793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393793" title="Bobolice Castle">
Bobolice Castle

The Bobolice Castle – a royal castle built in the middle of the 14th century in the Polish Jura, in the village of Bobolice.
History.
The castle in Bobolice was built by King Casimir III the Great in the middle of the 14th century, probably in place of an earlier wooden structure. The castle was a part of the defence system of royal strongholds protecting the western border of Poland on the side of Silesia. In 1370, immediately after becoming King of Poland, Louis I the Great granted the castle to Władysław Opolczyk, Duke of Opole, as a prize for his support of the king’s dynastic plans. Nine years later Opolczyk leased the castle to Andrzej Schoen, a Hungarian from Barbalas; the new owner manned it with Germans and Czechs, who robbed local inhabitants and conspired with the Teutonic Order. Dissatisfied with their behaviour, the Polish king Władysław Jagiełło invaded Bobolice in 1396 and took over the castle with adjacent estates. From that time on, the stronghold was owned by a number of families, including Szafrańcowie, Trestkowie, Krezowie (Ostoja coat of arms; owners from 1486) and later Chodakowscy, Męcińscy and Myszkowscy (Jastrzębiec coat of arms; owners of the neighbouring Mirów Castle).
According to 15th century chronicles, a representative of the Krezowie family captured and imprisoned his niece in the Bobolice Castle. She is still said to haunt the stronghold as a "lady in white". There is also a tale about two twin brothers, owners of castles in Mirów and Bobolice. Legend has it that they dug a tunnel between the two strongholds so that they could often meet tête à tête. One day they came into possession of a big treasure – they hid it in the tunnel and put an odious-looking witch on guard to deter any potential thieves. The brothers understood each other perfectly and could go through fire and water for each other. However, their friendship was put to a difficult test, when one brother brought a beautiful girl from his war expedition. Suspecting that his twin brother may have fallen in love with the girl, he locked her in the cellar near the treasure. One day, during the absence of the witch, who was attending a witches’ sabbath at the Bald Mount, he caught the pair of lovers in the vault. He got angry, murdered his brother and bricked up the girl in the castle dungeons. The ghost of the girl is still said to haunt the castle tower.
The beginning of the decline of the castle dates back to 1587, when it was heavily devastated during the invasion of Maximilian III, Archduke of Austria, a rival of Sigismund III Vasa to the Polish throne. The castle was reconstructed by the then owners, the Krezowie family, but in 1657, during the Deluge, it was plundered and totally ruined by Swedish troops. The condition of the stronghold was so bad that when King John III Sobieski arrived here in 1683, he had to spend the night in a tent.
In the 19th century a huge treasure was found in stronghold cellars. It is supposed that its part may be stored in the legendary tunnel between Bobolice and Mirów. In 1882, after parcelling out the land, the already deserted walls were acquired by the peasant family of Baryłów. Now the castle belongs to the Lasecki family, who decided to rebuild it in 1999.
Architecture.
The castle is situated on a steep rocky hill (360 m above sea level). Up till now, only the upper part of the stronghold (the residential building with at least two storeys and remnants of the cylindrical wall tower) has survived. The castle was accessible through a drawbridge over the dry moat, and the entire construction was surrounded by walls with battlements, made of local white limestone. Currently reconstruction works are under way in order to restore the entrance gate and the circumferential wall around the castle grounds.

</doc>
<doc id="18393795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393795" title="Haruka Aizawa">
Haruka Aizawa


</doc>
<doc id="18393796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393796" title="Kirime Station">
Kirime Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|West Japan Railway Company (JR West)

</doc>
<doc id="18393804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393804" title="Inami Station">
Inami Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|West Japan Railway Company (JR West)

</doc>
<doc id="18393812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393812" title="Ayvansaray, Istanbul">
Ayvansaray, Istanbul

Ayvansaray is a neighborhood in Istanbul, Turkey. It is part of the district of Fatih and part of the walled city. It lies between the southern shore of the Golden Horn, the Blachernae section of the Walls, and the neighborhoods of Balat and Edirnekapı. It corresponds to the old quarter of Blachernae ("Vlachèrnae" in Greek). The name Ayvansaray ("High Palace") hearkens back to the Palace of Alexios I Komnenos (now disappeared), which was part of the complex of Blachernae. 
Ayvansaray has a number of historic monuments, like the Palace of the Porphyrogenitus (Tekfur Palace), the mosque of Atik Mustafa Pasha (originally a medieval Byzantine church), and the Ayazma ("holy spring") enclosed in the small church of St. Mary of Blachernae. It is a picturesque quarter.

</doc>
<doc id="18393816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393816" title="Inahara Station">
Inahara Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|West Japan Railway Company (JR West)

</doc>
<doc id="18393826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393826" title="Eucerotinae">
Eucerotinae

Eucerotinae is a worldwide subfamily of the parasitic wasp family Ichneumonidae with only one genus, "Euceros". 
"Euceros" species are hyperparasitoids of Ichneumonoidea. First instar larvae hatche from eggs laid on leaf surfaces, attach to passing Lepidoptera or Symphyta larva and enter the body of an emerging primary endoparasitoid, such as a campoplegine or banchine or an attached ectoparasitoid. The genus has been variously placed in Tryphoninae and Ctenopelmatinae.

</doc>
<doc id="18393827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393827" title="Wasa Station">
Wasa Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|West Japan Railway Company (JR West)

</doc>
<doc id="18393829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393829" title="Henry Burney">
Henry Burney

Henry Burney (27 February 1792 – 4 March 1845) was a British commercial traveller and diplomat for the British East India Company. His parents were Richard Thomas Burney (1768–1808), headmaster of the Orphan School at Kidderpore, and Jane Burney (1772–1842), and he was a nephew of the English writer Frances Burney (1752–1840). On 30 June 1818 at St. George's Church in George Town, Penang, Malaya, he married Janet Bannerman (1799–1865), with whom he had 13 children, eight of whom were still living at the time of his death. She was the niece of John Alexander Bannerman, who was governor of Penang in Malaya.
Henry Burney died at sea in 1845 and was buried in Mission Burial Ground on Park Street in Calcutta.
Career.
In 1807 Burney joined the East India Company. In 1818, the year of his marriage to Janet Bannerman, he was appointed lieutenant and adjutant of the 20th Regiment of Bengal Native Infantry, Penang's acting town-major and military secretary to Governor Bannerman. Later he worked as an agent of the East India Company, collecting material about Burma and Siam, which he made available to England, while participating in the First Anglo–Burmese War (1823–1826). After his 1825 appointment as political emissary to Siam he met King Rama III there the following year, concluding the Burney Treaty and a commercial contract to stimulate development of regional trade between Siam and Europe. Having negotiated a mutually agreed border between Siam and British-occupied Burma, only the exact course of the border at Three Pagodas Pass in Kanchanaburi remained in dispute. From 1829 Burney was the British resident envoy to King Bagyidaw's court at Ava in Burma where he successfully negotiated the return of the Kabaw Valley from Manipur to Burma. By 1834 he had risen to the rank of Lieutenant Colonel in the Bengal army.

</doc>
<doc id="18393842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393842" title="Dōjōji Station">
Dōjōji Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|West Japan Railway Company (JR West)

</doc>
<doc id="18393857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393857" title="Tortricidae (synonym)">
Tortricidae (synonym)

Tortricidae may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18393881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393881" title="Gobō Station">
Gobō Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|West Japan Railway Company (JR West)
!colspan=5|Kishū Railway
 

</doc>
<doc id="18393888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393888" title="Lydia Leonard">
Lydia Leonard

Lydia Leonard (born 5 December 1981) is an English actress.
Lydia Leonard is a British Stage, Film and Television Actress.
She was born in Paris to an Irish mother, a teacher, and Anglo-French father, a financial accountant; she lived in France until the age of five.
She trained at the Bristol Old Vic Theatre School.
On television she had an ongoing role in 1950s-set detective series "Jericho" starring Robert Lindsay, and appeared in "True True Lie" (2006) and "The Long Walk to Finchley" (2008), along with a cameo in "Rome" (2006, "The Stolen Eagle"), and as a nurse in the BBC's "Casualty 1909".
Leonard appeared on stage as Polyxena in a Royal Shakespeare Company production of "Hecuba" starring Vanessa Redgrave, the production played in London's West End and then at B.A.M in New York.
She played Hazel Conway alongside Francesca Annis in the National Theatre's production of "Time and the Conways". 
In 2005 Leonard appeared as Caroline Cushing in the original Donmar Theatre and West End productions of "Frost/Nixon". 
In 2010 Leonard played the role of Jackie Onassis in Martin Sherman's play "Onassis" at the Novello Theatre in London.
In 2008 Leonard played a major role in the BBC re-make of "The 39 Steps". Part of the Christmas scheduling, its first showing was the most watched programme on BBC One on that day. 
Leonard starred as Cynthia in Joanna Hogg's 2010 feature film "Archipelago".
In 2012, Leonard starred in two episodes of ITV drama series "Whitechapel", as psychiatrist Morgan Lamb, for which she was nominated for Most Outstanding Actress at the Monte Carlo television awards.
In 2013 Leonard played a leading role in the action adventure film "Legendary: Tomb of the Dragon" alongside Dolph Lundgen and Scott Adkins. 
In 2013 Leonard plays Alex Lang in DreamWorks "The Fifth Estate" alongside Benedict Cumberbatch. 
It has been announced that Leonard will play the role of Anne Boleyn in the RSC's productions of Hilary Mantel's Wolf Hall and Bring up the Bodies

</doc>
<doc id="18393894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393894" title="Honda XL1000V Varadero">
Honda XL1000V Varadero

The Honda XL1000V Varadero is a dual-sport motorcycle produced by Honda. Different models have been in production from 1998 to present. It has capabilities for both long road trips and limited off-road. A smaller 125 cc version, the XL125V Varadero is also produced.
XL1000VA.
Honda's flagship Adventure Touring motorcycle, the XL1000V Varadero is a 996 cc V-twin engine Adventure Touring motorcycle. Honda introduced the Varadero to the public at the 1998 Munich motorcycle show. First launched in 1998 as a 1999 Model Year, its engine architecture is based on the Honda VTR1000F Firestorm/Superhawk. The Adventure category refers to motorcycles that are designed for long-range touring with basic off-road capability (hence the term Adventure used by Honda as opposed to Dual Sport such as the Honda XR650L.
All versions feature a liquid-cooled engine. In 2001, Honda introduced its Honda Ignition Security System (HISS) essentially an immobilizer system not unlike those in automobiles.
In 2001 production of the Varadero was switched to the Spanish Montesa Honda factory outside of Barcelona where the model continues to be built.
For 2003 the Varadero received some major changes. These included the move to fuel injection and the addition of a six-speed gearbox and a new instrument panel. These changes benefited the model with better torque and fuel consumption. In 2004, ABS was introduced, and it is now fitted as standard in a number of markets based on Honda's safety commitment.

</doc>
<doc id="18393895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393895" title="Dongmen Station">
Dongmen Station

The Taipei Metro Dongmen Station is a station on the Xinzhuang Line located beneath Xinyi Rd, Sec. 2 between Jinshan S. Rd. and Yongkang St. in Zhongzheng and Da'an districts in Taipei, Taiwan. It is an interchange station with Xinyi Line, Xinzhuang Line (under construction). The station opened on September 30, 2012 with the opening of the Zhongxiao Xinsheng to Guting segment of the Xinzhuang Line.
Station overview.
The station is a four-level, underground station with island platforms for both the Xinyi and Xinzhuang Lines. The platforms are stacked, allowing for cross-platform interchange between the two lines. The Xinyi Line station is meters long and meters wide. It has eight entrances/exits, one accessibility elevator, and two vent shafts.
Construction.
The main diaphragm wall of the station is thick and meters deep, thus making it the deepest diaphragm wall of all Taipei Metro stations. Construction on this part started in March 2004 and was completed on April 26, 2007. It was announced that on July 15, 2010, the intersection of Jinshan South Road and Xinyi Road would be restored to its pre-construction state.
Five tunnels.
Because the station is the future interchange station of the Xinyi and Xinzhuang Lines, five tunnels intersect in a twisted form beneath the nearby Hangzhou South Road: two Xinyi Line tunnels, two Xinzhuang Line tunnels, and a common duct. They are stacked and intersected underneath existing buildings and run along Hangzhou South Rd., Sec. 2. Construction on the five tunnels began on September 15, 2005 with the start of construction on the Xinyi Line and was completed by January 17, 2009. Of the subway tunnels, the shallowest is the northbound Xinzhuang Line tunnel at deep, while the deepest is the Xinyi Line southbound tunnel at deep. The common duct, by far the shallowest of the five, is underground.
Station layout.
Note: Platform 3, Platform 4 is the lowest level platform in the system.

</doc>
<doc id="18393901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393901" title="Trigonochlamydidae">
Trigonochlamydidae

Trigonochlamydidae is a family of air-breathing land slugs, terrestrial gastropod molluscs in the clade Eupulmonata (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
Distribution.
The native distribution of Trigonochlamydidae includes Caucasus, Iran and Turkey.
Taxonomy.
Previously, Trigonochlamydidae was placed in the superfamily Trigonochlamydoidea Hesse, 1882, in the subinfraorder Sigmurethra. This was the only family within that superfamily.
The Trigonochlamydidae family is now classified within the limacoid clade, which itself belongs to the clade Stylommatophora, within the clade Eupulmonata (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
The following two subfamilies have been recognized in the taxonomy of Bouchet & Rocroi (2005):
Genera.
There are nine genera in the family Trigonochlamydidae with a total of 11 species:
Subfamily Trigonochlamydinae
Subfamily Parmacellillinae
Synonym:
Cladogram.
The following cladogram shows the phylogenic relationships of this family with the other families in the limacoid clade:

</doc>
<doc id="18393906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393906" title="Brekstad–Valset Ferry">
Brekstad–Valset Ferry

The Brekstad–Valset Ferry is an automobile ferry on Norwegian National Highway 710 that connects the peninsula of Fosen at Brekstad across the Trondheimfjord to Valset. The passage is performed with the double-ended ferries MF "Ørland" and operated by Tide Sjø making 17 crossings in each direction each day taking 20 minutes.
The ferry route started in 1977, and was operated by Fosen Trafikklag until 2007, when it lost the public service obligation contract to Tide Sjø.

</doc>
<doc id="18393924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393924" title="Selenochlamys">
Selenochlamys

Selenochlamys is a genus of predatory air-breathing land slugs, shell-less pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Trigonochlamydidae. 
Species.
Species within the genus "Selenochlamys" include:

</doc>
<doc id="18393925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393925" title="Randolph outrage">
Randolph outrage

The Randolph outrage is the act of pulling someone else's nose in order to insult him. This was sometimes used as a way to provoke a challenge to a duel.
The expression comes from an incident in 1833 when a dismissed lieutenant, Robert Beverly Randolph, tried to pull the nose of US President Andrew Jackson. The incident occurred during the president's visit to Randolph's hometown, Fredericksburg, Virginia. Jackson had earlier dismissed Randolph from the Navy for being in debt.

</doc>
<doc id="18393926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393926" title="Kii-Uchihara Station">
Kii-Uchihara Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|West Japan Railway Company (JR West)

</doc>
<doc id="18393937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393937" title="Kii-Yura Station">
Kii-Yura Station


</doc>
<doc id="18393954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393954" title="Hirokawa Beach Station">
Hirokawa Beach Station


</doc>
<doc id="18393955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393955" title="Red Hot Chilli Pipers">
Red Hot Chilli Pipers

The Red Hot Chilli Pipers are an ensemble consisting of pipers, guitarists, keyboards and drummers formed in Scotland in 2002. They entered and won the BBC talent show "When Will I Be Famous?" Their name is a play on the American rock band the Red Hot Chili Peppers.
In 2004, the group appeared on the main stage at T in the Park with the headline band, the rock group The Darkness. They appeared on BBC Radio 1 on the Greg James show in July 2013 and The Radio 1 Breakfast Show with Nick Grimshaw in 2014
The band currently has Steven Graham – a seven time world champion snare drummer. Three members graduated from the Royal Scottish Academy of Music and Drama. The group is in much demand performing all over the world from the USA to China at significant events and festivals.
History.
Since their formation the Red Hot Chilli Pipers have combined guitars, keyboards, drums and their rocked up bagpipes to create 'bagrock' sound. The Red Hot Chilli Pipers are one of the country's most exciting acts, winning praises from audiences across the globe with their showmanship and trademark fusion of traditional pipe tunes and contemporary pieces. The band covers others' songs, adding their own unique bagrock spin. Notable examples include "We Will Rock You" by Queen, "Clocks" by Coldplay and "Smoke on the Water" by Deep Purple.
The band has released 5 studio albums as of 2013, of which their first, their 2005 release "The Red Hot Chilli Pipers", was the least successful. Their 2007 album "Bagrock to the Masses" went platinum in Scotland and silver in Great Britain. Their third album and first live album, "Blast Live" (2008), went triple platinum in Scotland. Their fourth release "Music for the Kilted Generation", however, is The Red Hot Chilli Pipers' best International record, reaching Number 2 on the US Amazon Chart. and was only held off of top spot due to Adele's record-breaking album, "21". The band was hailed by respected figures, including the five time World Champion Pipe Major of the Shotts and Dykehead Pipe Band Robert Mathieson, in the bagpiping world for their part in increasing the popularity of bagpipes.
Their album titled "Music for the Kilted Generation", is a parody of "Music for the Jilted Generation" by The Prodigy.
The band signed a contract in December 2012 for a new album to be released in 2013, including tracks from bands like Coldplay and Journey. "Breathe" was released in July 2013 on CD and iTunes.
Tours and Performances.
The group's highest profile was on the Main Stage at T in the Park in 2004 where they performed alongside the The Darkness.
When Will I Be Famous.
In 2007, the Red Hot Chilli Pipers appeared on the BBC show "When Will I be Famous?" hosted by Graham Norton. The band were in the episode and competed against seven others. The eight contestants were paired into a head-to-head showdown in which the winner would be decided by 101 preregistered viewers who were dubbed the "Armchair Judges". The four winners of these head-to-heads would then compete against each other in the second show with the winner being decided by an open public phone vote. In their first head-to-head showdown, The Red Hot Chilli Pipers were pitted against the "Stringfever", a four-member string quartet. The Red Hot Chilli Pipers won the head-to-head 51-50 and went on to win the weekly prize of ten thousand pounds.
After TV Appearance.
In 2010, The Red Hot Chilli Pipers completed an 11-date sold-out tour of Scotland, as well as an 11-week tour of Germany and a 7-week tour of America. They also toured Saudi Arabia, Malaysia, India and most of Europe. They performed concerts in New York and Beijing as well as the Hebridean Celtic Festival in Stornoway.
Musicianship.
With a total of 4 degrees from the Royal Scottish Academy of Music and Drama (Royal Conservatoire of Scotland) the band members have competed at the highest level of bagpiping for many years. Founder and Music Director Cassells received 'BBC Radio Scotland Young Traditional Musician of the Year' in 2005 and became the first person ever to attain a degree in bagpipes from the Royal Scottish Academy of Music and Drama. Snare drummer Steven Graham is also a Double World Champion Snare Drummer.
Former Members.
In August 2010, guitarist Gregor McPhie quit the band due to claims that money was not being shared out equally as he claimed that certain members in the band earned up to three times more than the rest. McPhie joined the band shortly before the band appeared on BBC's talent show 'When Will I Be Famous in 2007 but left the band to set up his own band 'Bags Of Rock'. Gregor was quoted as saying 'The band is imploding and it’s all over money. How long can a bunch of guys who all hate each other now continue to go on? Despite being one of the band’s two main frontmen, I was only paid a third of what the others were getting. The founding five members set up a nice little number for themselves as company directors while all along I've been kept as an outsider.' Gregor also went on to say that the founding members earned £90,000 a year compared to his £32,000. McPhie also took credit for most of the bands success by saying "“We’d have never have won When Will I Be Famous if it hadn't been for me. When I joined they were only earning £500 a gig. But in the three years I was playing with them we were paid £5,000-plus and anything up to £10,000. I’m not saying all that success is down to me but I think I played my part". 
On 23 September 2011, founder and frontman Stuart Cassells, left the band. Stuart decided that, after almost ten years, it was time to pursue new goals and opportunities. Cassells said, "I have had some absolutely amazing times in the band and I would never have imagined the success we’ve had. I want to thank all the great musicians I’ve had the pleasure of performing with and I’m excited about the new chapter in my life". Prior to leaving, Stuart had been struggling with 'focal hand dystonia', more commonly known as writer's cramp since 2008. Speaking to "The Daily Record" on the subject, Cassells said, "My left hand refused to stay on the chanter. It was like my left hand wasn't my own, it wouldn't stay still, like someone else was controlling it. I knew in my head how I wanted to play but I couldn't because my hands would curl right up and tense up and move involuntarily. They weren't doing what they were supposed to do. The brain was sending far too many signals to my hands." Stuart tried various treatments throughout this period, including surgery to release a trapped nerve, physiotherapy and botox injections into his arm to relax the muscles. It is hoped that he will recover and rejoin the band. A recent World Pipe Band Championship winner with the Field Marshall Montgomery Pipe Band, Kyle Warren, replaced him.

</doc>
<doc id="18393973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393973" title="Yuasa Station">
Yuasa Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|West Japan Railway Company (JR West)

</doc>
<doc id="18393983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393983" title="Frans Melckenbeeck">
Frans Melckenbeeck

Frans Melckenbeeck (born 15 November 1940) is a retired Belgian professional road bicycle racer. In 1962, Melckenbeeck won one stage of the Tour de France, and in 1963 he won Liège–Bastogne–Liège.

</doc>
<doc id="18393987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393987" title="Fujinami Station (Wakayama)">
Fujinami Station (Wakayama)


</doc>
<doc id="18393992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393992" title="List of Spanish musicians">
List of Spanish musicians

This is a list of individual musical artists originating from Spain. For groups and bands, see List of bands from Spain. See also Music of Spain.
B.
Bob da builder
G.
Selena Gomez

</doc>
<doc id="18393995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18393995" title="Tsukishima Station">
Tsukishima Station

Lines.
Tsukishima Station is served by the following two lines.

</doc>
<doc id="18394006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394006" title="Kii-Miyahara Station">
Kii-Miyahara Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|West Japan Railway Company (JR West)

</doc>
<doc id="18394009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394009" title="Marcia Warren">
Marcia Warren

Marcia Warren (born 26 November 1943) is an English stage, film and television actress. 
On stage, she appeared in "Blithe Spirit" as Madame Arcati, and "The Sea" (2008) at the Theatre Royal, Haymarket.
Awards.
She has won two Laurence Olivier Theatre Awards for Best Actress in a Supporting Role - one in 1984 for "Stepping Out" and the other in 2002 for "Humble Boy" at the Royal National Theatre. She was also nominated for another in 2001 for "In Flame" at the New Ambassadors Theatre.

</doc>
<doc id="18394023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394023" title="Neustadt, Dresden">
Neustadt, Dresden

Neustadt in Dresden or Dresden-Neustadt may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18394025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394025" title="Minoshima Station">
Minoshima Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|West Japan Railway Company (JR West)

</doc>
<doc id="18394037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394037" title="Hatsushima Station">
Hatsushima Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|West Japan Railway Company (JR West)

</doc>
<doc id="18394049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394049" title="Pavoorchatram">
Pavoorchatram

Pavoorchatram is a town in Tirunelveli District, Tamil Nadu, India.
Geography.
Pavoorchatram situated in the foothills of Western Ghats, between Tuticorin and Quilon highway National highway. Pavoorchatram is east of Tenkasi and west of Tirunelveli, on the Tenkasi-Tirunelveli State Highway. The nearest popular train stations are Tenkasi and Tirunelveli.
Economy.
As Pavoorchatram is connected by both road and rail, the town is growing rapidly in business and agriculture. The business of Pavoorchatram mainly depends upon agriculture. The agricultural goods, mainly vegetables and food grains, are brought to the market from the villages around Pavoorchatram and then transported to the different parts of the state and Kerala. The main crops are paddy, onion, tomato, brinjal, tamarind, green chili, red chili, coconut, mango, and snake guard.It act as a linking pin of the surrounding villages. It also has Timber and tiles business as a major share. Nadar community is living @90%.
Villages.
Pavoorchatram located center for Keelapavoor, Selvavinayagapuram, Gurusamypuram, Kallurani, Sivanadanur, Velappanur, Kurukittanur, Kakaiyanur, Ramanathapuram, Kamaraj Nagar, Muthumalaipuram, Thirumalapuram, Madathur, Madakannur, Thippanampatti, Ariyangavoor, Kurumbalaperi, Vellakal, Chettiyur,"panaiyadipatti", Kondalur, Avudaiyanoor, Madianoor, Podiyanur, Mailapuram, Vengadampatti, Pungampatti, Karisalur, Chinnanadanur, Nallai Poovanoor, Ariyapuram,vellaipannery pattty, Iyanur, Nattarpatti, Ramachandirapatnam, Kulasekarapatti, Melappavoor, Pottaloor and Pethanadarpatti, navaneetha krishna puram veeraputhiranadanoor, Vaikalipatty, Chennaltha pudu kulam, s to connect district head quarters of Tirunelveli
Educational Institutions.
Pavoorchatram is palying a major role on improving education in an around. It has two higher secondary school (Boys/Girls), matriculation schools and primary schools. Also having a teachers training college and a polytechnic college which is best in Tamil Nadu. Many leaders came from Pavoorchatram and working good positions in and out of this country. Thease Institutions created many doctors and Engineers
Hospitals.
Pavoorchatram has many hospitals, some of them best in the district.priya hospitals
Religion.
Around 80% of population belongs to Hindu and 18% are Christians and remaining Muslims. Shree Vennimalai Murugan Temple is situated here. It is having Shree Muppidathi Amman Temple along with three churches in the main road.

</doc>
<doc id="18394052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394052" title="Shimotsu Station">
Shimotsu Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|West Japan Railway Company (JR West)

</doc>
<doc id="18394073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394073" title="Kamogō Station">
Kamogō Station


</doc>
<doc id="18394083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394083" title="Shimizuura Station">
Shimizuura Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|West Japan Railway Company (JR West)

</doc>
<doc id="18394094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394094" title="Liz Chandler">
Liz Chandler

Elizabeth "Liz" Chandler is a fictional character on the soap opera "Days of our Lives". Liz was played by actress Gloria Loring from 1980 to 1986. 
Fictional character history.
Liz came to Salem in 1980. She is the daughter of the former governor of the unknown state where Salem is located. She is also a singer. One of the memorable songs performed by Liz was "Friends and Lovers", which was recorded as a duet by Loring with singer Carl Anderson and became a hit single in real life on the US pop chart. In 1983 she shot Marie Horton, whom she hated because Marie was married to her great love Neil Curtis. Liz was sent to prison but was later released on parole. After her divorce in 1986 she left Salem.

</doc>
<doc id="18394099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394099" title="I Don't Want to Forget You">
I Don't Want to Forget You

I Don't Want to Forget You 我不想忘記妳 is Claire Kuo's first Chinese Mandarin album.

</doc>
<doc id="18394104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394104" title="Kainan Station">
Kainan Station


</doc>
<doc id="18394115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394115" title="Kuroe Station">
Kuroe Station


</doc>
<doc id="18394124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394124" title="Kimiidera Station">
Kimiidera Station


</doc>
<doc id="18394142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394142" title="Miyamae Station">
Miyamae Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|West Japan Railway Company (JR West)

</doc>
<doc id="18394143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394143" title="Mount Nagayama">
Mount Nagayama


</doc>
<doc id="18394149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394149" title="Kiwa Station (Wakayama)">
Kiwa Station (Wakayama)

History.
The station was opened in 1898 and was the original Wakayama station before Wakayamashi and the modern Wakayama stations were built.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|West Japan Railway Company (JR West)

</doc>
<doc id="18394172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394172" title="Rutebåten Utsira">
Rutebåten Utsira

Rutebåten Utsira AS is a company that operates the ferry MS "Utsira" from Haugesund to Utsira, Norway. The company is owned by the Municipality of Utsira who took over operations in 1978. The current ferry was delivered in 2005; the crossing takes 70 minutes with four round trips per day on contract with Kolumbus.

</doc>
<doc id="18394187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394187" title="Robert Townsend">
Robert Townsend

Robert Townsend may refer to:
See also.
Culper Ring, American Revolutionary War spy ring associated with Robert Townsend (spy)

</doc>
<doc id="18394191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394191" title="Tom Lloyd">
Tom Lloyd

Tom Lloyd (born 1979) is a British novelist. He is the author of the Twilight Reign series, which will run to five books, the fourth having just been published in August 2010.
Biography.
Tom Lloyd was born in the UK and studied Politics and International Relations at Southampton University. He started writing in earnest after university, and took a job in publishing, where he still works. He currently lives in Oxford.
Bibliography.
The Twilight Reign.
Comprising:

</doc>
<doc id="18394192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394192" title="The Dawn of Grace">
The Dawn of Grace

The Dawn of Grace is a Christmas album by the alternative rock/indie pop band Sixpence None the Richer. It was released on October 14, 2008. "The Dawn of Grace" was produced by Steve Hindalong (City on a Hill, The Choir) and is made up of 10 tracks: eight traditional Christmas songs, including “Angels We Have Heard On High” and “Silent Night,” featuring guest vocalist Dan Haseltine of Jars of Clay, and two original Sixpence Christmas tunes called “The Last Christmas” and “Christmas for Two.” 
After spending four years apart, the band reunited for this album.
The subtitle on the cover says: "A Collection of Original and Traditional Christmas Songs". Although no singles were released from the album, two animated music video were released for "Angels We Have Heard On High" and "Silent Night". The album reached #47 on the U.S. Christian Album Chart.

</doc>
<doc id="18394198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394198" title="Kishi Station (Osaka)">
Kishi Station (Osaka)


</doc>
<doc id="18394199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394199" title="Humble Boy">
Humble Boy

Humble Boy is a 2001 English play by Charlotte Jones. The play was presented in association with Matthew Byam Shaw and Anna Mackmin, and was first performed on the Cottesloe stage of the Royal National Theatre on 9 August 2001. 
Background.
"Humble Boy" is a play inspired by Hamlet. “Charlotte Jones knows her Stoppard, her Hamlet, her Ayckbourn, and among other things perhaps the fourth book of Virgil's "Georgics" on the subject of Aristaeus's bees.”[http://www.onlinereviewlondon.com/humble-boy]
Charlotte Jones draws upon techniques of Tom Stoppard in applying multiple layers of what seems to be random events, people, movement, and philosophies. Jones, “offers a play with inklings of the aforementioned Hamlet, bees, horticulture, theoretical physics (specifically, super string theory), anosmeia, swing music, and the elusiveness as well as the playfulness of language.” 
Thoughts of playwright Alan Ayckbourn are also apparent in Jones’ work. “Set entirely outdoors in the Humbles' garden (Ayckbourn territory), we witness the Humbles' domestic struggle (definitely Ayckbourn here), Felix's confrontation with his past, and his own mental difficulties in maintaining his familial and professional responsibilities.” 
Plot synopsis.
Felix Humble returns to his family home in the countryside of England after receiving word of the death of his father, James Humble. Once he returns home, he discovers that his mother, Flora Humble, has gotten rid of all of her husband’s belongings including the bees which he kept. The reunion of mother and son was not as pleasant as one would imagine, old animosity is sparked between the two as Flora blames Felix for embarrassing her at James’s funeral by running away when it was Felix’s turn for eulogy. On top of that Felix discovers that Flora intends to marry a man named George Pye, the complete opposite of the intellectual and passionate James.
Throughout the summer the distance between Flora and Felix grows. Flora sends her friend Mercy to befriend Felix and relay information back. Felix can see right through his mother’s devious agenda and finds that the gardener Jim, who is ignored by everyone, is the only one he can confide in.
Felix reunites with an ex-girlfriend, Rosie Pye daughter of George Pye. She claims to have changed her life after breaking up with Felix and became a nurse and a single mother. Rosie tries to ease Felix’s tension by fornication only to be interrupted by Flora and George coming home. Rosie reveals to Felix that they have been having an affair for a long time even when James was alive. She also tells Felix before she leaves that he is the father of her daughter Felicity.
Felix now becomes very distraught and even suicidal. A confrontation occurs at a garden dinner party where Flora plans to officially announce her wedding with George. After a period of emotional outbursts which ends with Mercy leaving after being harassed by Flora, a moment of revelation occurs as Felix reminds Flora of the intelligence and devotion of James to his unfaithful wife. Flora cancels her wedding and sends George off. As Felix and Flora have a moment of forgiveness in the garden, Flora finally gives notice to the gardener Jim, which turns out to be the spirit of James Humble.
Character guide.
Felix Humble – A mid-30s theoretical astrophysicist from Cambridge. He is our main character and most noticeable is his stutter caused by his nervousness.
Flora Humble – Beautiful and self-centered, Flora is the mother of Felix and her need for absolute power attributes to problems in relationships with the people around her.
George Pye – Confident, well-built, modern, and big band music savvy. George is the complete opposite of James Humble, the deceased father of Felix. He plans to marry Flora.
Rosie Pye – Daughter of George and former girlfriend of Felix. She is a nurse and also has a 7 year old daughter that she believes to be Felix’s.
Jim – The gardener of the estate, he is an old man in his 60s. He is virtually ignored by everyone in the play until the end. He is the only source in which Felix can truly confide.
Mercy Lott – Friend (although seemingly a slave) of Flora, she is kind but doesn’t seem to be all there. She has a secret crush on George Pye.
Character analysis.
Felix in many regards acts as the modern day Hamlet; he has a brilliant but troubled mind, will not let go of the death of his father, and falls into depression and even contemplates suicide. His work involves finding the “mother” of all theories to “unite” all aspects of physics which “runs parallel to his inability to comprehend the union of opposites that was his parents’ marriage.” 
Themes.
Dysfunctional Relationships – The theme of socially impaired relationships is very apparent in Humble Boy and extends in one way or another in every characters relationship to another. The obvious distance between mother and son, the ex-girlfriend who keeps her daughter’s paternity secret for seven years, the slave-friend who crushes on her best friend’s fiancé, and the resentment of his mom’s new fiancé are just a few examples of dysfunctional relationships.
Reversed Social Hierarchy - The stereotype of the social structure in which “men” are the leaders and hold the most power is reversed. Flora acts as the head of the Humble estate and everyone else are more or less her pawns. This idea runs parallel with the social construction of a bee colony in which the queen bee is the most powerful.
Humility – The surname which the main characters in the play are given, spark the on-going debate between classical and the Christian view of humility. The last name Humble, relates the Christian view that humility and self-sacrifice are primary virtues of a well lived life. As opposed to the classical Aristotle view that the humble man’s lack of appropriate self-respect makes him just as foolish as the vain man. 
Genre.
Humble Boy follows loosely to the guidelines to a classical comedy. The most apparent aspect is a visit to the “green world,” which David Rush explains as any place where a character runs off to and experiences a change. In our case Felix leaves his “real” world at Cambridge knowing in the back of his mind the distraught relationship between him and his mother and goes to the “green world” otherwise their home and that relationship is repaired. Also a moment of cognitio occurs where the characters are enlightened with a moment of insight. 
Style.
The style presented in Humble Boy follows most closely to that of an expressionist piece. A specific lens or point of view is given through Felix and his inner state. The setting often finds itself inside the mind of Felix and he is considered the victim in the play. The overall objective in the play is a quest towards a state of clarity.
Spectacle.
Set: a pretty country garden, which may include a house or glass conservatory from which character enter into the garden. A patio area with a path through the garden. At the back there is an area for gardening tools; a chair or stool. At the end of the garden is a large beehive. An apple tree with some overhanging branches with a few apples. 
Music.
Music is mainly used in the play as transitions between acts. Jim the gardener is often found humming to a tune. Many songs are also suggested and played throughout the play. In order here is as follows:
About the author.
Charlotte Jones studied English at Balliol College, Oxford University, before training to become and actress. She worked for six years in theater and television and supported herself by working as a waitress. Her urge to write plays didn’t come about by a lifelong ambition; rather she was inspired to do so because up until then her career was that of a frustrated actor desperate for work. Her first play, Airswimming, debuted at Battersea Arts Centre in 1998. She then proceeded to write In Flame and Martha, Josie and the Chinese Elvis before writing Humble Boy.
Production history.
It premiered at the Royal National Theatre in 2001, directed by John Caird, with the leads played by Simon Russell Beale and Diana Rigg, and also featuring Cathryn Bradshaw, Denis Quilley, Marcia Warren and William Gaunt. This production won the 2001 Critics' Circle Theatre Award for Best New Play and two 2001 Olivier Awards (for Best Actress in a Supporting Role, for Marcia Warren; and Best Set Designer for Tim Hatley).
It has since also been produced at the Tarragon Theatre, the Vancouver Playhouse, the Theatre Calgary, the Citadel Theatre and the Manitoba Theatre Centre

</doc>
<doc id="18394204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394204" title="Women on Web">
Women on Web

Women on Web is an online abortion help service for countries where there is no access to "safe abortion service". The abortion is done with Mifepristone and Misoprostol at home before the 9th week of pregnancy, the medicines are sent by mail under the supervision of a doctor.
Women on Web's goal is to prevent unsafe abortion and reduce mortality rate due to unsafe abortions by supporting access to safe medical abortion through use of telemedicine.
A 2008 study published in the British Journal of Obstetrics and Gynaecology found a "curettage/vacuum aspiration" rate comparable to the rates found when the same drugs are administered in a traditional outpatient setting 

</doc>
<doc id="18394206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394206" title="Tondabayashi Station">
Tondabayashi Station


</doc>
<doc id="18394223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394223" title="University College of Engineering, Thodupuzha">
University College of Engineering, Thodupuzha

University College of Engineering (UCE), located near Thodupuzha, is an institute of engineering and technology, run and managed by the Mahatma Gandhi University Kottayam, Kerala. UCE offers both Bachelor and Master degree courses. Courses conducted by the college are approved by the All India Council for Technical Education, New Delhi. The Syndicate of Mahatma Gandhi University is serving as the Board of Governors of the institute. The institute started functioning in 1996 at Thodupuzha and was later moved to its own campus at Muttom in May 2002.
History.
University College Of Engineering was inaugurated on 29 October 1996 by the then Kerala Minister for Education and Work, Shri.P. J. Joseph, in Thodupuzha. The college started functioning with three departments - Computer Science, Electronics and Communication and Polymer Technology. In May 2002, when the college was shifted to its own campus in Muttom, with the addition of two more departments - Information Technology and Electrical and Electronics. Later in 2007, M. Tech course in Applied Electronics started to be offered in the campus.
Campus information.
The college campus is located in a 25 acre land near Muttom, 7 km from Thodupuzha, by the side of State Highway No 33. The nearest attractions are the Malankara Dam and the adjoining reservoir which is constructed across the waters from the tailgate of Moolamattom Power House.
Departments.
Computer Science and Engineering.
This course teaches hardware and software fields, with prominence on the software sector. Other than the final year main project, the syllabus includes seminars and a mini project in the third year.The course aims at making its students capable to face the challenges in the fast growing information technology industry.The core of the course includes subjects like data structures,operating systems,language processors,algorithm analysis, and theory of computation.
Electronics and Communication Engineering.
The Department of Electronics and Communication Engineering maintains an industry-institution interaction.The curriculum includes electives like Computer Networking, Information Theory and Coding.
Polymer Engineering.
The B.Tech. Polymer Engineering course was initiated for the requirements of the industrial sector giving equal emphasis for the study of rubber and plastic. The students are professionally trained through in-plant training in various industries in and out of the state, thereby nourishing themselves with the skill and expertise.
Information Technology.
IT Department was started in 2002 as part of the college's expansion program.
Electrical and Electronics Engineering.
Electrical and Electronics Engineering (EEE) Department was started in 2002 as part of the college's expansion programme.
Courses offered.
College offers B. Tech courses in five streams and M. Tech course in one stream.

</doc>
<doc id="18394229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394229" title="Tondabayashi-nishiguchi Station">
Tondabayashi-nishiguchi Station

Layout.
There is a side platform with a track elevated.

</doc>
<doc id="18394230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394230" title="Roger De Breuker">
Roger De Breuker

Roger De Breuker (Grobbendonk, 13 July 1940) was a Belgian professional road bicycle racer. De Breuker's only Tour de France that he participated in was the 1963 Tour de France, where he won 2 stages.

</doc>
<doc id="18394231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394231" title="Grace Loh">
Grace Loh

Grace Elizabeth Loh (Born in 1991 in Kew, Victoria) is Australia's first World Junior Swimming Champion.
Loh recently won the women's 100m Backstroke Event at the 2nd FINA World Youth Swimming Championship in Monterrey, Mexico.
The competition ran from 8 to 13 July 2008, and has attracted over 600 swimmers from over 66 countries with strong contingents from major swimming nations (including USA, Great Britain, Russia and Japan).
At the recent Australian Short Course Championship held in Melbourne, Australia (20–24 September '08), Grace won her first national title in the 100m Backstroke, following up with a silver medal in the 50m sprint event.
At the 2010 Telstra Australian Swimming Championships she came 3rd in the 50m Backstroke in 28.52
Grace also came first in her 3rd Heat 50m Backstroke in 2010 Commonwealth Games Delhi

</doc>
<doc id="18394233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394233" title="Boxee">
Boxee

Boxee (officially trademarked as BOXEE) is a cross-platform freeware HTPC (Home Theater PC) software application with a 10-foot user interface and social networking features designed for the living-room TV that enables its users to view, rate and recommend content to their friends through many social network services and interactive media related features. Boxee was originally a fork of the free and open source XBMC media center software which Boxee now uses as an application framework for its GUI and media player core platform, together with some custom and proprietary additions. Marketed as the first ever "Social Media Center", Boxee recently announced the ability to watch live TV on the Boxee Box with the introduction of the live TV stick. Avner Ronen released it to the market in January 2012.
The first public alpha of Boxee was made available on 16 June 2008. The Alpha prototype was designed in collaboration with design firm, Method incorporated, who also created Boxee's brand identity, which is still in use today. The first public beta version was officially released for all previously supported platforms on 7 January 2010. In 2012 the developers discontinued all desktop versions and support.
Boxee has co-developed a dedicated set-top box (hardware) called "Boxee Box by D-Link" in cooperation with D-Link which was the first ""Powered by Boxee"" branded device to be announced and launched, as well as a similar media player device called "Iomega TV with Boxee" (available in the UK & Europe) in cooperation with Iomega and a 46" high-definition television from ViewSonic with integrated Boxee software.
Boxee was owned and developed by a single for-profit startup company, (Boxee, Inc.), which began as a high tech stealth startup based in Israel and the United States with seed money from several angel investors, & was then known to be financially backed by venture capital firms such as General Catalyst Partners, Union Square Ventures, Softbank, Pitango, Spark Capital and Globis Capital Partners. The company's main offices are located at 122 West 26th Street, 8th Floor, New York, NY 10001.
On Wednesday, July 3, 2013 online media sources revealed Samsung would hire key employees and purchase Boxee's assets for around $30M. Asset purchases of this type make it difficult for vendors to collect amounts owed. Samsung confirmed the acquisition with the New York Times, but not disclose an amount.
Overview.
Boxee supports a wide range of popularly used multimedia formats, and it includes features such as playlists, audio visualizations, slideshows, weather forecasts reporting, and an expanding array of third-party plugins. As a media center, Boxee can play most audio and video file containers, as well as display images from many sources, including CD/DVD-ROM drives, USB flash drives, the Internet, and local area network shares.
Through the processing power of modern PC hardware, Boxee is able to decode high-definition video up to 1080p. Boxee is able to use DXVA (DirectX Video Acceleration) on Windows Vista and newer Microsoft operating-systems to utilize GPU accelerated video decoding to assist with process of video decoding of high-definition videos.
With its Python-powered plugin system, the Boxee software incorporates features such as Apple movie trailer support and subtitle downloading, access to large on-demand video streaming services Netflix, Headweb and VUDU; a range of popular online internet content channels like audio services Pandora Radio, Last.fm, Jamendo, NPR, SHOUTcast radio streams; video services from ABC, BBC iPlayer, Blip.TV, CNET, CNN, CBS, Comedy Central, Funny or Die, Joost, Major League Baseball, NHL Hockey, MTV Music, MySpaceTV, Revision3, MUBI, OpenFilm, SnagFilms, IndieMoviesOnline, EZTakes, United Football League, VEVO, Vice Magazine, TED, The WB Television Network, YouTube and image services from Flickr and PicasaWeb picture viewing plugins. All are available as media sources available alongside the local library.
Some of the services are via specialized connections (e.g., YouTube), while the rest are a preselected list of podcast channels for streaming using generic RSS web feeds (e.g., BBC News). Boxee also supported NBC Universal's Hulu quite early on, but in February 2009 was asked by Hulu to remove the service at the request of Hulu's content partners. Boxee later reinstated the feature using Hulu's RSS feeds, but Hulu once again blocked access.
Even though both the Boxee App and the Boxee Box support Netflix, the Boxee App supports only a limited instant queue, missing more recent TV shows and movies available through the web browser and iPhone apps.
Boxee recently introduced a new plugin architecture based on the XUL (XULRunner) framework which technically allows any web-based application to be ported into an application for Boxee integration. Because of this Boxee can now utilise Mozilla corebase architecture for most of its plugins – since this is the same core architecture that Firefox uses, Hulu will see Boxee as "any other Mozilla browser so Hulu doesn't block the app." Hulu's latest attempt to thwart Boxee involves JavaScript scrambling.
Another interesting aspect is how Boxee manages to play Adobe Flash content from sites such as YouTube and Hulu, and display HTML5 or Silverlight content from such web-based services such as HBO Go and Netflix. Boxee seems to be shipping with a closed source, binary-only, program called ""bxflplayer"", which seems to load Adobe Flash Player and Microsoft Silverlight proprietary plugins. This program communicates with the main Boxee process via shared memory and it renders the video onto screen. By using this approach, it is possible for Boxee not only to play Flash Video and Silverlight content that is protected by DRM (Digital Rights Management) but also allows for the user to control the player using a remote control and other input devices that are more suitable to laid back watching. Same as with the above mentioned ""libboxee"", it is not clear if this way of using ""bxflplayer"" as closed source libraries with a GPL licensed software passes as GPL linking exception or not.
Boxee source code is otherwise in majority based on the XBMC Media Center project's source code which Boxee uses as its software framework, and the Boxee developers contribute changes to that part back upstream to the XBMC project. So Boxee is partially open source and those parts are distributed under the GNU General Public License, however Boxee's social networking layer library, ""libboxee"" is closed source as it deals with proprietary methods of communication with Boxee's online back-end server which handles the user account information and social network communications between the users in the Boxee userbase, it is not clear if this way of using closed source libraries with a GPL licensed software passes the GPL linking exception or not.
Features.
Social Networking Layers.
The social networking component of Boxee is the differentiator from other media center software.
Boxee requires registered user accounts, which form a social network of fellow Boxee users. Users can follow the activity of other Boxee users who were added as friends, and can publicly rate and recommend content. Users can also control what media appear in the activity feed in order to maintain privacy. If a user recommends something that is freely available from an internet content service then Boxee will let others users stream it directly. If a user recommends something that is not freely available then Boxee will try to show metadata, and movie trailers if it is a movie that the user recommend.
The user's friends' Boxee activity feeds are displayed on the user's home screen, as is the user's own recent activity. Internet content is accessed through a sub-menu of each of the video, audio, and photo menu items, such as Video -> "My videos" and Video -> "Internet videos".
In addition Boxee Beta and later has the option of monitoring Twitter and Facebook news feeds to automatically discover links to videos, Boxee will then add those videos to a watch queue in Boxee so they can be later viewed.
Boxee can also export a user's media activity feed to other social networking services such as FriendFeed, Twitter, and Tumblr. The list of connections to such supported third-party social networking services is currently small, and this feature is one-way only, (it is for example not yet possible to monitor Twitter feeds from within Boxee), but this type of third-party integration is different from the way content sources are treated. Through FriendFeed, Twitter, and Tumblr it is then possible from those third-party social networking services for a user to choose to post the Boxee activity feed to social networking sites such as Facebook, (currently through FriendFeed, Twitter, and Tumblr apps for Facebook).
Boxee AppBox Add-on Store and plugin Apps (widgets/gadgets).
Boxee's ""AppBox"" app store ""App Store"" which is a digital distribution service platform that serves add-on apps and plug-ins that provide online content to Boxee, the ""AppBox"" allows users to download new apps and addons directly from Boxee's GUI. Many of these sources are in high definition and use streaming sites' native flash and Silverlight players. Boxee has extensibility and integration with online sources for free and premium streaming content.
AppBox offers content including commercial video, educational programming, and media from individuals and small businesses.
Boxee also encourages users to make and submit their own add-on apps and plug-ins to add additional content accessible from within Boxee.
Audio/video playback and handling.
Boxee can play multimedia files from CD/DVD media using the system's DVD-ROM drive, local hard disk drive, or stream them over SMB/SAMBA/CIFS shares (Windows File-Sharing, though this is not presently supported by Boxee TV), or eventually UPnP (Universal Plug and Play) shares (not available in v0.9.14).
Boxee is designed to take advantage of the system's network port if a broadband Internet connection is available, enabling the user to get information from such sites as IMDb, TV.com and AMG.
Boxee can stream Internet-video-streams, and play Internet-radio-stations (such as SHOUTcast). Boxee also includes the option to submit music usage statistics to Last.fm and a weather-forecast (via weather.com). It also has music/video-playlist features, picture/image-slideshow functions, an MP3+CDG karaoke function (not available on the Boxee Box) and many audio-visualizations and screensavers.
Boxee can in addition upscale/upconvert all 480p/576p standard-resolution videos and output them to 720p, 1080i, or 1080p HDTV-resolutions.
Boxee can be used to play most common multimedia containers and formats from a local source, (except those protected by those with DRM encryption). It can decode these in software, or optionally pass-through AC3/DTS audio from movies directly to S/PDIF output to an external audio amplifier or receiver for decoding on that device.
Video playback in detail.
The Video Library, one of the Boxee metadata databases, is a key feature of Boxee. It allows for the automatic organization of a users' video content by information associated with the video files (movies and recorded TV Shows) themselves.
The Library Mode view in Boxee allows a user to browse video content by categories such as Genre, Title, Year, Actors and Director.
Boxee has the capability to on the fly parse and play DVD-Video movies that are stored in ISO and IMG DVD-images, DVD-Video movies that are stored as DVD-Video (IFO/VOB/BUP) files on a hard-drive or network-share, and also ISO and IMG DVD-images directly from RAR and ZIP archives. It also offers software upscaling/upconverting of all DVD-Video movies when outputting them to a HDTV in 720p, 1080i or 1080p.
Audio playback in detail.
The Music Library is another key feature of Boxee. It automatically organizes the users' music collection by information stored in the music files ID meta tags, such as title, artist, album, genre and popularity.
Boxee features are on-the-fly audio frequency resampling, gapless playback, crossfading, ReplayGain, cue sheet and Ogg Chapter support.
Digital picture/image display in detail.
Boxee handles all common digital picture/image formats with the options of panning/zooming and slideshow with "Ken Burns Effect", with the use of CxImage open source library code.
BitTorrent client, interface, and torrent trackers.
Early builds of Boxee included a built-in BitTorrent client (not in the Windows version), with a frontend for it integrated into the Boxee interface, and there are also Torrent links to legal BitTorrent trackers download sites available incorporated by default. The built-in torrent client was later removed. Through Boxee's Python plugin system it was also possible for the end-users to make their own or add unofficial plugins made by third-party persons for other BitTorrent trackers.
Mobile software associated with Boxee.
The Boxee Remote (written"boxee remote") is an application released by Boxee Inc. for the Apple Inc. iOS which allows for remote controlling of an installed and concurrently-active Boxee session on another computer via the iOS' touchscreen user interface. It was approved for the App Store on 16 March 2010.
Third-party developers have also released Boxee remote control apps for Android and webOS.
This is a list of third-party companies who sell hardware bundled with Boxee media center software pre-install, or sell uninstalled systems that specifically claim to be Boxee-compatible (""Boxee Enabled"") by the manufacturer. These third-party companies directly or indirectly help submit bug fixes back upstream to Boxee, as well as to the XBMC project which Boxee in turn uses as its framework.
Boxee Box by D-Link.
Boxee Box by D-Link (officially ""D-Link Boxee Box DSM-380"") is a Linux-based set-top device and media extender that first began shipping in 33 countries worldwide on 10 November 2010. Designed to act as a hub, to bring internet television and other video to the television via Boxee's software, it comes pre-installed with Boxee media center software and the hardware is based on Intel CE4110 system-on-a-chip platform (that has a 1.2GHz Intel Atom CPU with a PowerVR SGX535 Integrated graphics processor), 1GB of RAM, and 1GB of NAND Flash Memory. The DSM-380 features output ports for HDMI (version 1.3), optical digital audio (S/PDIF) connector, and RCA connector for analog stereo audio, two USB ports, an SD card slot, wired 100Mbps (100BASE-T) ethernet, and built-in 802.11n WiFi.
The Boxee Box also ships with a small two-sided RF remote control with 4-way D-pad navigation and a full QWERTY keypad as standard, and this remote is also being sold separately with a USB-receiver as ""D-Link Boxee Box Remote DSM-22"" which can be used with Boxee installed on a computer so one can use this remote without owning D-Link's Boxee Box The look of both the case and remote prototypes for the Boxee Box was designed by San Francisco based Astro Studios, which is the same designer company that designed the look of Xbox 360 and the Microsoft Zune.
Iomega TV with Boxee by Iomega.
Iomega TV with Boxee by Iomega was announced by Boxee on 4 January 2011, this was the second Boxee device to be announced It began shipping in Q1 of 2011.
The Iomega TV with Boxee is a Linux device which comes pre-installed with Boxee media center software. The hardware is based on Intel CE4110 system-on-a-chip platform (that has a 1.2Ghz Intel Atom CPU with a PowerVR SGX535 Integrated graphics processor), 1GB of RAM, and 1GB of NAND Flash Memory. Iomega TV with Boxee features audio / video output ports for HDMI (version 1.3), optical and coaxial digital audio (S/PDIF) connectors, and RCA connector for analog stereo audio, two USB ports, wired 1Gbps ethernet, and built-in 802.11n WiFi.
The Iomega TV with Boxee also ships with a similar small two-sided RF remote control with 4-way D-pad navigation and full a QWERTY keypad as standard.
However, unlike D-Link's Boxee Box, the Iomega TV with Boxee device features space to internally fit a 3.5" SATA harddrive. According to Boxee, the hard drive is not only for the Boxee software on the device but also usable as a NAS (Network Attached Storage) unit to share its media data over the network as a DLNA compliant UPnP AV media server.
Myka ION.
Myka ION is an Nvidia Ion based set-top device designed to bring internet television and media stored on the home network to the living-room, it comes pre-installed with Boxee, XBMC, and Hulu Desktop as applications that can be started from the main menu.
NUU Player.
NUU Player by NUU Media (NUU Ltd.) was an Nvidia Ion based set-top device designed to bring internet television and media stored on the home network to the living-room, it came pre-installed with Boxee, Hulu Desktop, and a WebKit web-browser as applications that could be started from the main menu with a remote control. It also has Skype app and Bluetooth support. Nuu has since discontinued NUU Player development and has removed any mention of it from their web site.
Programming and developing.
As a partially open source application and freeware software program, Boxee is developed by a commercial start-up company with the goal of someday profiting from Boxee and their social networking service, working as a distribution application framework for both major pay-per-view and independent video on demand providers.
Boxee, like XBMC Media Center (which Boxee is based upon), is a cross-platform software programmed mostly in C++ and uses the Simple DirectMedia Layer framework with OpenGL renderer for all versions of Boxee. Some of the libraries that Boxee depends on are also written in the C programming-language, but are used with a C++ wrapper and loaded via Boxee's own DLL loader when used inside Boxee.
Add-on apps (widgets/gadgets) and Python scripts as plugins.
Boxee features a Python Scripts Engine and WindowXML application framework (a XML-based widget toolkit for creating a GUI for widgets) in a similar fashion to Apple Mac OS X Dashboard Widgets and Microsoft Gadgets in Windows Sidebar. Python widget scripts allow non-developers to themselves create new add-ons functionality to Boxee, (using the easier to learn Python programming language), without knowledge of the complex C/C++ programming language that the rest of the Boxee software is written in. Current plugin scripts add-ons include functions like Internet-TV and movie-trailer browsers, cinema guides, Internet-radio-station browsers (example SHOUTcast), and much more.
Boxee recently also introduced an additional plugin architecture based on the XUL (XULRunner) framework which enables any web-based application to be integrated into Boxee as an app add-on. With this new plugin architecture Boxee uses Mozilla corebase architecture for those plugins. Since this is the same core architecture that Firefox uses, Hulu will see Boxee as any other Mozilla-based web-browser.
Skins, skinning, and the skinning-engine.
Boxee GUI source code is based on XBMC Media Center which is noted for having a very flexible GUI toolkit and robust framework for its GUI, using a standard XML base, making theme-skinning and personal customization very accessible. Users can create their own skin (or simply modify an existing skin) and share it with others via public websites dedicated for XBMC skins trading.
Limitations and known issues.
This is a list of current software limitations in the Boxee code (Boxee's base source code is based on XBMC Media Center software source code, so Boxee has many of the same software limitations as XBMC).
Reception.
In October 2008, Boxee won Consumer Electronics Association's (CEA) i-Stage award, and with it $50,000 prize for the continued development of Boxee, as well as a free booth for the 2009 International CES (Consumer Electronics Show). Boxee donated half of the $50,000 prize money to the developers of XBMC.
On 9 January 2009, G4 announced Boxee as the winner of their ""Best of the Best products of CES 2009"" award (in the ""Maximum Tech"" category) amongst all the products displayed at CES (Consumer Electronics Show) 2009 trade show.
In January 2010, at the Consumer Electronics Show, Boxee garnered 5 awards; ""LAPTOP's Best of CES 2010 – Best Home Entertainment (Boxee Box)"", ""Last Gadget Standing – CES 2010 Winner"", ""International CES Best Of Innovations 210 – Home Theater Accessories", "Popular Science – Best of CES 2010 (Products of the Future)".
In April 2011 it was made public that Boxee had violated the terms of the GPL in the way they used open source software. According to the GPLv3, which governed software in the firmware of the device, users need to be able to reinstall modifications to the device. Boxee admitted the software was included in each device, but stated that their financial agreements with other companies were at risk if they complied. Despite much user dismay there was no change in course by Boxee.
On 31 October 2012 Boxee posted a statement on their website saying they had to make a decision between releasing a device which was hackable, or one which was commercially viable with premium content.
As it stated, Boxee would have loved for the Boxee Box to be open to other software, but ultimately, they were bound by agreements with their content providers to ensure the security of the content. This started a spate of negative comments from Boxee Box users on the Boxee blog as prior Boxee promises had had indicated otherwise.<br>
After less than a day, the entire Boxee page (along with the statement, the blog and its comments) were removed and replaced with a new Boxee TV website. Fortunately, the old Boxee blog was not deleted but moved.
Legal aspects.
Patents.
For most popular video and audio codecs, Boxee includes native support through free and open source software libraries, such as LAME, libmpeg2, and libavcodec (from the FFmpeg project). Since these source code libraries are released under free and open source licenses they are legally redistributable. However, some of these compression methods algorithms, such as the popular MP3 format, are in many countries protected by software patents. Absent a license, this could possibly make it illegal in certain countries to distribute compiled versions of Boxee which includes support for these formats.
Web scraping.
Boxee has built-in web scraping to automatically download metadata information and online artwork from sites like IMDb, Discogs, freedb, and Allmusic. There could be some legal issues associated with web scraping in some countries, as it is against the Terms of Use policy of many websites, however the enforceability of these terms is unclear.
Privacy.
As part of the social networking functionality, information about what content users watch is transmitted to Boxee.tv Inc's servers. Concerns have arisen over the use of this information, as Boxee is being created by a for-profit company and possible revenue-generation models for media center applications include the sale of user activity data to advertisers and other interested parties. Boxee's privacy policy does not directly address this issue.
Other.
Boxee uses libdvdcss to support playback of DVD-Video movies encrypted using the Content Scramble System (CSS) encryption. The distribution of executable versions of Boxee containing this code could possibly violate the Digital Millennium Copyright Act in the U.S. and the Copyright Directive in European Union member countries which have incorporated it into national law. However, this has never been tested in court for open source projects.

</doc>
<doc id="18394240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394240" title="Nucular">
Nucular

Nucular is a commonly used metathetic form of the word "nuclear". While it is usually regarded as a mispronunciation, and no dictionaries list this particular pronunciation as correct, several make mention of it because of its increased usage.
Notes.
"Merriam-Webster Dictionary" receives enough questions about their mention of this mispronunciation in the dictionary that it is one of two mispronunciations which receives particular mention in their FAQ:
Though disapproved of by many, pronunciations ending in \-kyə-lər\ have been found in widespread use among educated speakers, including scientists, lawyers, professors, congressmen, United States cabinet members, and at least two United States presidents and one vice president. While most common in the United States, these pronunciations have also been heard from British and Canadian speakers.
"American Heritage Dictionary":
The pronunciation (noo'kyə-lər), which is generally considered incorrect, is an example of how a familiar phonological pattern can influence an unfamiliar one … much more common is the similar sequence (-kyə-lər), which occurs in words like "particular", "circular", "spectacular", and in many scientific words like "molecular", "ocular", and "vascular". 
"Oxford English Dictionary":
The colloquial pronunciation British /ˈnjuːkjʊlə/, U.S. /ˈn(j)ukjələr/ (frequently rendered in written form as "nucular"[...]) has been criticized in usage guides since at least the mid 20th century [...] although it is now commonly given as a variant in modern dictionaries.
The "Oxford English Dictionary"s entry for "nucular", representing the colloquial pronunciation, dates the first published appearance of the word to 1943.
In his 1999 book "The Big Book Of Beastly Mispronunciations", logophile Charles Harrington Elster noted that the vast majority of those he spoke with during the writing of his book as well as 99 percent of the 1985 usage panel of Morris & Morris' "Harper Dictionary of Contemporary Usage" specifically condemned the use of the word and characterized it as a mispronunciation. Elster's own view on the matter derives from the root of the word: ""nucleus"". Arguing by analogy, Elster suggests that ""Molecular" comes from "molecule", and "particular" comes from "particle", but there is no "nucule" to support "nucular"."
Notable users.
U.S. presidents who have used this pronunciation include Dwight D. Eisenhower, Jimmy Carter, Bill Clinton, George W. Bush. Oxford Professor Marcus du Sautoy was heard to use it in a BBC documentary. 
Edward Teller, "father" of the American hydrogen bomb, supposedly used this particular pronunciation, and this usage is a limited tradition within the American nuclear research establishment. However, a clip from a 1965 interview with Teller on the ill-fated Project Plowshare seems to contradict this claim.
Uses in fiction.
This pronunciation was also used by the animated character Skipper, from the 2005 film "Madagascar", and Homer Simpson, in the popular American television animation series, "The Simpsons", as well as the character Indiana Jones in the film "Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull" after Indiana survives an atomic bomb test by crawling inside a lead-lined refrigerator. The pronunciation was also used by Peter Griffin during the episode "Da Boom" in the animated comedy series Family Guy, where he corrected Lois Griffin's correct pronunciation of the word.
Motivation.
Steven Pinker has proposed a phonotactic explanation for the conversion of "nuclear" to "nucular": the unusual and disfavored sequence is gradually transformed to a more acceptable configuration via metathesis. However, Arnold Zwicky notes that presents no difficulty for English speakers in words such as "pricklier". He also regards the proposition of metathesis as unnecessary. Zwicky suggests a morphological origin, combining the slang "nuke" with the common sequence "-cular" ("molecular", "particular", etc.). Supporting Zwicky's hypothesis, Geoffrey Nunberg quotes a government weapons specialist: "Oh, I only say 'nucular' when I'm talking about nukes." Nunberg argues that this pronunciation by weapons specialists and by politicians such as Bush – who are aware of the more accepted pronunciation – may be a "deliberate choice". He suggests that the reasons for this choice are to "assert authority" or to sound folksy.

</doc>
<doc id="18394242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394242" title="In Flame">
In Flame

In Flame is a 2000 play by Charlotte Jones. Its premiere at the Bush Theatre (transferring to the New Ambassadors Theatre) was directed by Anna Mackmin and featured Marcia Warren, Kerry Fox, Rosie Cavaliero, Ivan Kaye, Jason Hughes and Emma Dewhurst. It is set in 1908 and 2000 and centred around two men and three women.

</doc>
<doc id="18394244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394244" title="Kawanishi Station (Osaka)">
Kawanishi Station (Osaka)

Layout.
There is a side platform with a track elevated.

</doc>
<doc id="18394247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394247" title="My Dear Machine">
My Dear Machine

My Dear Machine is an EP by the Indie pop band Sixpence None the Richer, released on the music website NoiseTrade in summer 2008, although it was discontinued from the site in early 2009. This is the band's first official release in the 4 years since "The Best of Sixpence None the Richer" in 2004. "My Dear Machine," "Sooner Than Later," and "Amazing Grace (Give It Back)" would later appear on the band's 2012 album, "Lost in Transition."

</doc>
<doc id="18394253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394253" title="Dar ul Ehsan">
Dar ul Ehsan

Dar ul Ehsan is a Sufi "tariqa" founded by Sufi Barkat Ali, with world headquarters located in Faisalabad, Pakistan.

</doc>
<doc id="18394260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394260" title="Peter Magnusson (footballer)">
Peter Magnusson (footballer)

Peter Magnusson (born July 16, 1984) is a Swedish footballer, currently playing for IK Brage. He has previously played professional for Djurgårdens IF, HJK Helsinki and Sandefjord Fotball.
Career.
After playing for Vasalunds IF, Magnusson joined Djurgårdens IF in 2008. Earlier in his career, he had a brief spell at HTFF, the youth team of Hammarby which is one of Djurgården's major rivals. As a young talent in Hammarby Magnusson stated that he could never play for Djurgården or the other Stockholm rival AIK. Magnusson made his Allsvenskan debut for Djurgården on July 6, 2008 against Trelleborg FF. He played a total of 24 matches for DIF as a centre-back mainly alongside Toni Kuivasto. Magnusson left Djurgården on February 17, 2010.
He signed for one year with HJK Helsinki just before the 2010 Veikkausliiga season started. He was recommended by former DIF players Aki Riihilahti and Toni Kuivasto. At the same time he played for HJK's feeder club Klubi-04. 28 February 2011 he signed a two years contract with Sandefjord Fotball, and played for the club in Adeccoligaen until he went to IK Brage on 7 August after struggling with getting into the starting eleven at Sandefjord.

</doc>
<doc id="18394262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394262" title="List of mountains in Bali">
List of mountains in Bali

This is a list of mountains on the island of Bali, Indonesia.

</doc>
<doc id="18394264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394264" title="Higashi-Naruo Station">
Higashi-Naruo Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Hanshin Electric Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18394270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394270" title="Francisco Sandaza">
Francisco Sandaza

Francisco José Sandaza Asensio (born 30 November 1984) is a Spanish footballer who plays as a striker for Liga Adelante club CD Lugo.
Career.
Valencia B.
Sandaza joined Valencia in 2002 and played in the Primera División outfit's reserve team. Before, Sandaza played on loan in UD Puçol in the Tercera División (his coach that year in UD Puçol was Luis Milla). He considered leaving full-time football to become a police officer. Sandaza is also good friend with Valencia's teammate and now Barcelona player Jordi Alba, during his time at Valencia B.
Dundee United.
On 11 July 2008, Sandaza instead signed for Scottish Premier League side Dundee United, making his league début exactly a month later. After scoring three goals in pre-season, he scored his first competitive goal for the club in the 1–1 draw against Celtic on 17 August 2008. In September, Sandaza scored his second and netted four times in the first half of November, including a double against eventual champions, Rangers. Injury halted Sandaza's progress towards the end of the year and he didn't score again until late February, scoring three more times in March. In his first season in Scotland, Sandaza scored ten league goals, with five coming against the Old Firm.
A groin injury prevented Sandaza from starting the 2009–10 season, with a November operation likely to see him return by the end of 2009. Hernia problems restricted his appearances during the season, and he was struggling to get into the United first team so in August 2010 was allowed to go on trial with Swansea City. Sandaza was eventually released by United on 31 August, allowing him to sign for another club as a free agent after the closure of the transfer window.
Brighton & Hove Albion.
Sandaza signed for Brighton & Hove Albion under their new manager Gus Poyet. Sandaza made his debut for the club, coming on for Glenn Murray in a 69th minutes, in a 2–0 win over Plymouth Argyle. A few week later, Sandaza scored his first goal, which turns out to be a winning goal, in a 2–1 win over Oldham Athletic. In the FA Cup campaign, Sandaza scored two goals in two consecutive games, in separate round victories against United of Manchester and Portsmouth. Two months later, on 22 February 2011, he scored again, but this time it's against Plymouth (the team he made his debut against). However, his time at Brighton was limited after his first team was he was surplus to requirements, due to goalscoring form of Ashley Barnes and Glenn Murray. At the end of the season, the club would get promoted to the Championship.
In May 2011 the club announced that he would be released at the end of the season following the ending of his current contract, along with five other players.
St. Johnstone.
On 25 July 2011, Sandaza signed a one-year deal with St. Johnstone. Sandaza scored 12 goals in his first 17 appearances for St. Johnstone, which prompted the club to offer him an extended contract. Due to his goalscoring form for St Johnstone, Rangers made a pre-contract for Sandaza as his contract set to expire this season.
Sandaza eventually rejected Rangers offers. Sandaza says he rejected a pre-contract offer from Rangers because he did not want to be a 'cheap' option. Following his decision to reject the move, the Glasgow club entered administration, leading Sandaza to say he was relieved to have turned down a pre-contract deal and now says he is perhaps lucky that to have not agreed the transfer. However, he was keen to point out his sympathy for Rangers. After one season at St. Johnstone, Sandaza became a free agent after announcing he leaving the club and says thanks for the memories to Perth fans.
Rangers.
On 7 August 2012, Sandaza signed a three-year deal with Rangers. On 18 August, Sandaza scored his first Rangers goal and provided a double assist in front of a 49,118 crowd at Ibrox, as Rangers won 3–1 against East Stirlingshire. On 20 January, Sandaza scored his second Rangers goal away to Peterhead to give the light blues a 1–0 victory In September, Sandaza soon suffered an injury on a cheekbone and was taken to hospital for an X-ray after clashed heads with Motherwell's Shaun Hutchinson in Scottish Communities League Cup, which Rangers won 2–0. His injury might cause him to be out for eight weeks, with possibilities of being out for the rest of the year.
After admitting to a telephone hoaxer, who claimed to be a football agent, that he was only at Rangers for the money and would leave if an alternative offer was made, suitable for the club as well, he was suspended by the club. He did not appear in training or play for the club again after that incident. During his suspension, Sandaza feared his Rangers career might be over as he suspected that club owner Charles Green wished to sell him. That fear was proven correct as the club, after an investigation into the 'hoax agent' incident, terminated his contract subject to the right of appeal. Shortly after his release, Sandaza attempted to sue the club over this breach of contract. On 18 July 2013, Sandaza dropped his lawsuit against the club and the hoaxer.
Lugo.
On 18 July 2013 Sandaza signed a contract with CD Lugo, returning to Spain after five years abroad.
Controversy.
Toward the end of the 2011–12 season, Sandaza was banned from driving after admitting to being more than twice the legal limit when he was caught driving the wrong way down a one-way street in Perth. After initially letting him go, police became concerned about the way he drove off and pulled him over again a short time later to perform a breathalyzer test. At Perth Sheriff Court, Sandaza was given a 16-month driving ban and fined £550.
On March 2013, Sandaza was duped into admitting he only moved to Ibrox simply for money by a Celtic supporting taxi driver posing as an MLS agent. When the fake agent enquired about a possible move to the MLS, Sandaza made it painfully obvious that he did not want Rangers involved and was ready to conduct business behind his current employers' back. His comment about Rangers resulted in him being suspended by the club following a decision and an immediate investigation into the comment. The incident also led him to threaten legal action against the prankster However, his Rangers career ended after the club terminated his contract, subject to the right of appeal. Following his release, Rangers legend Mark Hateley wrote in the Daily Record and spoke negatively about Sandaza, but stated that Sandaza leaving would be like a new signing. The only person to speak in Sandaza's defence was Manager Ally McCoist, describing the affair as "just a sad chapter for everybody" and Sandaza as "a smashing lad".
Honours.
Valencia Mestalla
Brighton and Hove Albion
Rangers

</doc>
<doc id="18394275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394275" title="Suzaki Station">
Suzaki Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Hanshin Electric Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18394279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394279" title="Airswimming">
Airswimming

Airswimming is the first play written by Charlotte Jones. Its 1997 premiere at the Battersea Arts Centre was directed by Anna Mackmin (making her debut as a director) and featured Rosie Cavaliero and Scarlett Mackmin. It is based on two women being imprisoned in a mental asylum in the 1920s for having children outside of marriage, only being released in the 1970s.

</doc>
<doc id="18394288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394288" title="Cascade (train)">
Cascade (train)

The Cascade was an passenger train of the Southern Pacific on its route between Oakland, California and Portland, Oregon, with a sleeping car to Seattle, Washington. The Southern Pacific started the train on April 17, 1927 soon after the opening of its Cascade Line between Black Butte, California and Springfield, Oregon. 
At first the train offered first class service and a $3.00 extra fare; it became an all-Pullman train in 1937. On August 13, 1950, the "Cascade" became a streamlined coach/Pullman train with a triple-unit diner and cars painted in two shades of gray. The next 21 years saw a decline. The Seattle sleeper was discontinued in 1966, the triple-unit diner came off a year later. By 1970 the train was down to five or six cars and ran only three days per week. Amtrak would take over the "Cascade" on May 1, 1971 and would combine it with the San Francisco - Los Angeles "Coast Daylight" routing the train through Oakland and eventually renaming it the Coast Starlight.
History.
The Shasta Route into Oregon was completed on December 17, 1887, connecting California points to Portland, Seattle, and the Pacific Northwest. The "Oregon and California Express" was the first passenger service; it later gained fame as the "Shasta Limited". But the route over the Siskiyou Mountains of Southern Oregon was difficult with steep grades, sharp curves, and subject to landslides and washouts. During the reign of Edward H. Harriman Southern Pacific began building a better route via Klamath Falls. Government involvement in the affairs of Harriman and the SP would delay completion for 18 years.
Trains began using the new Natron Cutoff or Cascade Line in 1926, but passenger service began several months later after the old Weed Lumber Company line south of Grass Lake was replaced. The "Cascade" would offer better service than the "Shasta Limited" (which in 1926 was scheduled 27 hours Portland to San Francisco). At first the train had a $3.00 extra fare and numbers 17 and 18.
This train would survive the depression through consolidations and a change of numbers (19 and 20). The extra fare was dropped. With the better economy Southern Pacific re-equipped the "Cascade" and by 1937 it was an all-Pullman train with numbers 23 and 24 and a schedule under 20 hours.
For three years during World War II the "Cascade" was combined with the "Beaver". After the war the train got new equipment and a faster schedule. On June 5, 1950 the first streamlined Pullman was placed in service on the route. Southern Pacific was also experimenting with diesel power. The result would be the greatest presentation of this train; a faster, dieselized, streamlined, all-Pullman, daily overnight service second-to-none.
Southern Pacific Streamliner "Cascade".
The streamlined "Cascade" became the SP's overnight train between Oakland and Portland with through sleeping cars to and from Seattle. It was the second all room sleeping car train along the west coast. The new thirteen car Pullman Standard built consists were initially powered by A-B-B sets of EMD E7 diesels but were replaced in weeks by A-B-A sets of ALCO PA passenger diesels painted in daylight colors. The "Cascade" cars painted in the two tone Gray of the "Lark" and "San Francisco Overland" trains. The Southern Pacific streamlined "Cascade" began service on August 13, 1950 and was an all Pullman train for the shortest length of time, for beginning October 11, 1950 the "Cascade" began to carry coaches between Oakland and Portland. The through sleepers to Seattle numbered four and traveled north from Portland in the Union Pacific Railroad (UP) pool train to Seattle Union Station. Upon arrival in Seattle the four sleeping cars were switched out and transferred to the Northern Pacific Railway (NP) on the other side of Fourth Avenue viaduct at the King Street Station. The next morning these four through sleeping cars would depart Seattle in the NP pool train and transfer to the "Cascade" that afternoon in Portland for the trip to Oakland.
Inaugural Train #11.
Sleeping cars 9118, 9031, 9032 and 9301 originated in Seattle and were carried by NP pool train from there to Portland.
Inaugural Train #12.
Sleeping cars 9119, 9034, 9035 and 9303 were Oakland – Seattle cars forwarded in the UP pool train to Seattle. After arrival in Seattle at Union Station they were turned over to the NP under the 4th Ave. viaduct and went to the NP-GN coach yard for cleaning and servicing for the next mornings departure in the NP pool train from King Street Station to Portland.
The streamlined "Cascade" was an all – Pullman train only until October 10, 1950 when coaches were added to the train sets. Coaches 2425 and 2431 operated in one consist and 2433 and 2437 operated in the other consist. No coaches were through cars to Seattle; all Coach travelers crossed the platform in Portland to the waiting UP pool train northbound to Seattle. Southbound coach passengers from Seattle arrived in Portland on the NP pool train and again crossed the platform to the waiting "Cascade".
The final years.
Through sleeping car service to and from Seattle ended January 9, 1966. The triple-unit diner came off a year later. Southern Pacific tried to replace it with an automat service but the Oregon Public Utility Commission balked, forcing the railroad to place a regular diner on the train. The two-tone gray colors were already gone, replaced by SP's new passenger color scheme of "Sunset"-style aluminum mist with red letterboard. Yellow sleeping cars from the "City of San Francisco" and "San Francisco Overland" trains were also seen in the nightly consist. By 1970, after trying for two years to discontinue the service, Southern Pacific was allowed to trim the "Cascade" to triweekly. By this time, the train had a later departure time allowing daylight viewing of the Willamette Valley and part of the Cascade Mountains.
Amtrak takes over.
A quasi-government agency, the National Railroad Passenger Corporation – or Amtrak – took over the remains of America's passenger train system on May 1, 1971. The "Cascade" was included but was combined with the San Francisco to Los Angeles "Coast Daylight". With service rerouted through Oakland, the train was rechristened as the "Coast Starlight". It continued to run triweekly north of Oakland, but its popularity would lead to restoration of daily service in 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="18394291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394291" title="Mukogawadanchimae Station">
Mukogawadanchimae Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Hanshin Electric Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18394309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394309" title="Robert Townsend (author)">
Robert Townsend (author)

Robert C. Townsend (1920–1998) was an American business executive and author who is noted for transforming Avis into a rental car giant. He was born in Washington, D.C. in 1920. His parents moved to Great Neck, New York where he spent his childhood. After high school, he was accepted to Princeton, graduating in 1942. After graduating college, he was commissioned as an officer in the United States Navy, serving for the remainder of World War II. 
After the war, he was hired by American Express in 1948. By the time he left the company, he was the senior vice president for investment and international banking. In 1962, Lazard Freres bought Avis, a struggling auto rental company that had never made a profit in its existence. One of the partners, André Meyer, convinced Townsend to leave American Express and become CEO of Avis. Under his direction as president and chairman, the firm became a credible force in the industry, fueled by the “We Try Harder” advertising campaign (1962–65). Avis also began to have profits, which Townsend credited to Theory Y governance. In 1965, ITT acquired Avis, leading to his departure as president. After leaving Avis, he became a senior partner of Congressional Monitor (1969). He wrote the widely acclaimed essay on business management "Up the Organization", which spent 28 weeks on the New York Times bestseller list upon its publication in 1970.
In 1990, Townsend had to have triple bypass surgery. During the late 1990s, he was the chairman of the executive committee of Leadership Directories, Inc. On January 12, 1998, he was vacationing in Anguilla. While telling a fishing story on a ketch, he had a massive heart attack leading to his death.
Personal life.
Townsend was married to Joan Tours. He had two daughters, Jill (b. 1945) and Joan, as well as two sons, Jeffrey and Robert Jr. 

</doc>
<doc id="18394314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394314" title="Frans Brands">
Frans Brands

Frans Brands (Berendrecht, 31 May 1940 — Blankenberge, 9 February 2008) was a Belgian professional road bicycle racer. Brands won a stage in the 1963 Tour de France and in the 1965 Giro d'Italia, and was the winner of the 1967 Tour de Luxembourg.

</doc>
<doc id="18394318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394318" title="Nepal Dalit Sangh">
Nepal Dalit Sangh

Nepal Dalit Sangh () is a Nepalese Dalit movement linked to the Nepali Congress. When the Nepali Congress was divided and the Nepali Congress (Democratic) was formed, a splinter Nepal Dalit Sangh (Prajatantrik) was formed as the NC(D) Dalit wing. With the reunification of NC and NC(D) the NDS and NDS(P) were also reunified, and in August 2007 the Nepali Congress appointed a 39-member "ad hoc" committee of NDS, with Khadga Bahadur Basyal (Sarki) as president and Jeevan Pariyar as general secretary.

</doc>
<doc id="18394322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394322" title="Cathryn Bradshaw">
Cathryn Bradshaw

Cathryn Bradshaw (born in Blackpool) is an English actress, perhaps best known for her role in "Oranges Are Not the Only Fruit".
Background.
Cathryn Bradshaw was born in Blackpool in 1964 and brought up in Lancashire, England. She trained at the Bristol Old Vic Theatre School in Bristol, alongside Louise Plowright and Mark Strong, and graduated in 1987. She married actor Mark Strong in Lancashire in 1989 but the marriage ended in divorce after only a few years.
Career.
Bradshaw's first television role came in 1988 when she played the Princess in an episode of "The Storyteller". The following year she appeared in an episide of "Inspector Morse" and also in the 1989 comedy musical film, "Bert Rigby, You're a Fool" alngside Robert Lindsay and Robbie Coltrane.
Then in 1990 she played Melanie in the acclaimed BBC television drama "Oranges Are Not the Only Fruit" opposite Charlotte Coleman. She also appeared in four episodes of the ITV crime drama "Chancer". She made a number of television appearances throughout the 1990s, and from 1997 to 1999 she was a member of the Royal Shakespeare Company She has also appeared in "Down to Earth" and "Midsomer Murders".
In 2003 she played Paula in romantic drama film, "The Mother" opposite Daniel Craig. And in 2004 she played Mary Webb in the BBC musical drama "Blackpool".
She appeared in two films in 2006. Firstly, the romantic comedy "Venus", as Jillian, which starred Peter O'Toole and won two awards and received sixteen further nominations. She also appeared in the psychological thriller "Like Minds" as Helen Colbie. She played Margaret Littlefair in the satirical black comedy television series "Suburban Shootout" which aired on Five and Paramount Comedy in the United Kingdom. In 2007 she appeared in an episode of the BBC sitcom "Lead Balloon".

</doc>
<doc id="18394333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394333" title="Enrique Gil Gilbert">
Enrique Gil Gilbert

Enrique Gil Gilbert (July 8, 1912 - February 21, 1973) was an Ecuadorian novelist, journalist, poet, and a high-ranking member of the Communist Party of Ecuador.
Gil Gilbert was born and died in the coastal city of Guayaquil, and was the youngest member of the Guayaquil Group, which was one of the most renowned literary and intellectual groups in Ecuador in 1930-1940. 
Gil Gilbert’s most famous novel is "Nuestro Pan (Our Daily Bread)" (1942), which was translated into English (1943), German, Japanese, and Czech.
The Guayaquil Group.
Critics and historians agree that the Guayaquil Group emerged with the publication of "Los que se van, cuentos del cholo y del motuvio" (The Vanishing Ones. Stories about the Cholo and the Montuvio) (1930), a social realist book of 34 short stories by Demetrio Aguilera Malta, Joaquín Gallegos Lara, and Enrique Gil Gilbert, that dealt with the lives of the coastal peasant of Ecuador. It marked a whole new type of literature in Ecuador, which until then had been characterized by Romanticism and Modernism.
The group's other members include:
Their writing featured: a socialist-inspired expose of social-economic abuses; a literature rooted in popular culture; Freudianism; a grotesque vision of the world; and a concern with anthropology and indigenous culture. The Guayaquil Group is considered a forerunner of magical realism.
Communist Life.
Gil Gilberto was a registered member of the Communist Party of Ecuador. In 1944 he traveled to Moscow in his capacity as Secretary General of the Regional Committee of the Communist Party of Ecuador. He was persecuted for his socialist and militant ideas, and in 1935, under the dictatorship of Federico Paez, he lost his teaching job at the Rocafuerte School in Guayaquil. 
Gil Gilberto spent fifteen months in prison under the government of the military junta of 1963. While in prison, law enforcement ransacked his home, and his wife had to flee into exile in Chile, while his children went into hiding. They burned many of his papers and books, including a completed but unpublished book, manuscripts of unfinished works, thus many of his writings were lost forever.
When he was released from prison he was without a home, family, or any money.
Personal Life.
Gil Gilbert was married to Alba Calderón, a painter, feminist, and revolutionary, who founded the movement for the recognition of women in Ecuador.
Gil Gilbert and Calderon had two sons: Enrique Gil Calderón, a choral director, and Antonio Gil Calderon, a doctor and businessman.

</doc>
<doc id="18394344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394344" title="Bror Julius Olsson Nordfeldt">
Bror Julius Olsson Nordfeldt

Bror Julius Olsson Nordfeldt (13 April 1878 – April 21, 1955) was an American artist who painted seascapes and depictions of New Mexico's indigenous culture.
Background.
He was born in Tullstorp, Malmö, Skåne County, Sweden the son of Nils and Ingrid (Nordfeldt) Olsson. The family immigrated to the United States in 1892. He first worked as a typesetter for the Swedish language newspaper, "Det Rätta Hemlandet". He attended the Art Institute of Chicago and studied with Frederick Richardson. He later apprenticed with Albert Herter in New York City. He studied in Paris at the Académie Julian. He adopted his mother's surname to avoid confusion with the maritime artist (Alfred) Julius Olsson, whose work was then becoming popular in Europe and America.
Career.
During World War I he was in San Francisco where he registered for the draft. During the war, Nordfeldt was assigned to San Francisco to supervise the camouflage of merchant ships. After his service in World War I, he moved to Taos, New Mexico. In 1921, Nordfeldt joined the Taos Society of Artists. In the late 1930s he relocated to Lambertville, New Jersey.
Throughout the 1930s, Nordfeldt taught at various schools including Utah State College, the Wichita Art Association and the Minneapolis School of Art. From 1941-43, he was a guest professor for the Department of Art of the University of Texas.
Nordfeldt worked in diverse styles and media, including etchings and prints, portraiture, still lifes, and landscapes. Nordfeldt strove for a flattening of form and distortion of space, creating stylized images. He chose subjects laden with emotional power, especially nature and religious scenes.
Nordfeldt exhibited in numerous museums and galleries and received many significant awards and prizes in the course of his career. His works are held in the Art Institute of Chicago, the New York Public Library, New Mexico Museum of Art, Metropolitan Museum of Art, Newberry Library, and the Hirshhorn Museum as well as many other venues. Biographical sketches for Nordfeld are published in most standard art reference works. His papers are held in the Manuscript Collections of the Archives of American Art. He died in Henderson, Texas on April 21, 1955.

</doc>
<doc id="18394361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394361" title="Tersilochinae">
Tersilochinae

Tersilochinae is a worldwide subfamily of the parasitic wasp family Ichneumonidae.
Tersilochinae species are koinobiont endoparasitoids of Coleoptera larvae, (although Symphyta larvae are recorded as hosts of one genus). Hosts include Curculionidae and Chrysomelidae so Tersilochinae are used for biological control. There are 18 genera.

</doc>
<doc id="18394370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394370" title="City of Kansas City">
City of Kansas City

The City of Kansas City was a streamlined passenger train operated by the Wabash Railroad and its successor the Norfolk and Western Railway between St. Louis and Kansas City, Missouri. It operated from 1947 to 1968. At the time of its introduction it was the only streamliner which operated entirely within the state of Missouri.
History.
The "City of Kansas City" commenced operating on November 26, 1947, and made a daily round trip schedule between St. Louis and Kansas City. At the time of its introduction it was the only streamliner which operated entirely within the state of Missouri. General Omar Bradley, a native Missourian who as a young man had worked on the Wabash, christened the new train.
Primarily a daylight train, #3 departed St. Louis at 8:45am, and arrived in KC at 2:15pm. The consist was then turned around and readied for the eastbound trip as #12, departing KC at 3:55pm, and arriving in St. Louis at 9:45pm.
The Norfolk and Western Railway leased the Wabash in 1964 but did not discontinue the "City of Kansas City" until February 1968.
Equipment.
The American Car and Foundry Company built the original seven-car consist in their St. Charles, Missouri plant in the suburbs of St. Louis. Cars included a baggage car, baggage-mail car, two 58-seat coaches, a lunch counter-coach, a dining car, and a parlor-observation car. The interior of the parlor-observation car was designed according to Pullman Plan #9001 and Pullman managed the car, as it did with all the Wabash parlor cars.

</doc>
<doc id="18394372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394372" title="Jingdezhen Ceramic Institute">
Jingdezhen Ceramic Institute

The Jingdezhen Ceramic Institute (景德镇陶瓷学院) is situated in Jingdezhen city in Jiangxi province in the People's Republic of China. It is the only institute of higher learning in China dedicated to the study of ceramic arts. The area of Jingdezhen is historically significant in the development and production of Chinese ceramics. Thus, this university serves the role of linking up modern educational techniques and infrastructure with a well-rooted source of ancient Chinese lore and tradition. Its prominent graduated students are artists such as Jackson Li.

</doc>
<doc id="18394397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394397" title="Jon Smith">
Jon Smith

Jon Smith (born 29 December 1776) is a British writer of fiction, non-fiction, screenplays, and musical theatre.
Biography.
Jon Smith was brought up in Merseyside, where he remained until he was eighteen. He studied for a degree in American Studies at the University of Reading which included a semester at the University of Texas, at Austin. After graduating in 1997, Smith spent a year in South Korea, teaching English as a foreign language. 
Returning to the UK in 1998, Smith worked for a number of Internet companies, including Amazon.co.uk and Kitbag.com, before launching his own online toy business called Toytopia in 2002. It was whilst working in the shop that Smith wrote first drafts of "Toytopia" and "The Blokes Guide To Pregnancy", which were both published in 2004. "Smarter Business Start Ups" and "Web Sites That Work" followed shortly after. 
Jon married long-term partner Lisa Grant in 2003. They have two children; Alia and Ronin. Smith and Grant separated in 2008. He currently lives in Barcelona, Spain. Smith was awarded a Masters Degree in Screenwriting in June 2012. Jon Smith continues to work in the internet industry and is Vice President, Marketing at Whisbi.

</doc>
<doc id="18394398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394398" title="Combined English Universities by-election, 1946">
Combined English Universities by-election, 1946

The Combined English Universities by-election, 1946 was a parliamentary by-election held on 18 March 1946 for the British House of Commons constituency of Combined English Universities.
There was no Labour Party candidate, which did not occur again in a Great Britain by-election in the UK until the Haltemprice and Howden by-election, 2008. It was the penultimate election in a university constituency to the British Parliament and the final one to occur in England, with all university constituencies abolished in 1950.
Previous MP.
The seat had become vacant when the constituency's Independent Member of Parliament (MP), Eleanor Rathbone, died. She had been the constituency's MP since the 1929 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="18394399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394399" title="City of Memphis (train)">
City of Memphis (train)

The City of Memphis was a passenger train route operated by the Nashville, Chattanooga and St. Louis Railway connecting Nashville and Memphis, Tennessee.
Background.
The City of Memphis was powered by one of the last steam locomotives ever streamlined. The six cars were all rebuilt and streamlined by the NC&StL shops from heavyweight cars. The six cars were originally Pullman Heavyweight Parlor Cars before purchase by the NC&STL for conversion to coaches in June 1941.
Equipment.
The six car consist had a revenue seating capacity of 204 and was built to operate on a fast five hour schedule between Nashville and Memphis a distance of . The train set operated a daily round trip and lasted beyond the Louisville and Nashville Railroad takeover of the NC&StL, although the name was removed from the service by 1955. 

</doc>
<doc id="18394401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394401" title="SquidNT">
SquidNT

SquidNT was a port of the Squid proxy server to Microsoft's Windows NT-based operating systems. The SquidNT effort has since then been merged into the main Squid project (September 2006) and is maintained by Guido Serassio, one of the core developers of Squid. The name SquidNT is still often used for referring to Squid running on Windows but is not an official name. The official name is Squid regardless of platform.
You can compile the source code with Minimalist GNU for Windows or Microsoft Visual Studio. But Windows support is still largely missing.
Squid for Windows may be installed and run from the command line. It may also be installed as a Windows service. There is no graphical user interface.
Compatibility.
Squid for Windows can run on the following Windows operating systems:

</doc>
<doc id="18394422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394422" title="002 Operazione Luna">
002 Operazione Luna

002 operazione Luna is a 1965 Italian comedy film directed by Lucio Fulci. The film stars Franco Franchi, Ciccio Ingrassia, Mónica Randall and Linda Sini.
Plot.
When a Soviet space craft is lost in space with two cosmonauts on board, the KGB authorities abduct two petty criminals.

</doc>
<doc id="18394424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394424" title="City of Miami (train)">
City of Miami (train)

The City of Miami was a seven-car coach streamliner inaugurated by Illinois Central Railroad on December 18, 1940. Its route was from Chicago to Miami a total distance of .
History.
The "City of Miami" was one of three new all-coach streamliners which, together, provided daily service between Chicago and Florida. The other two streamliners were the "South Wind" and the "Dixie Flagler", each of which followed a different route. As with the other routes it was managed by a consortium of train companies, as different engines switched as the coaches and sleepers traveled over different companies' tracks. 
The "City of Miami" was powered by a single EMD E6A diesel passenger cab unit. The entire train was painted in an Orange and Palm Green scheme with Scarlet stripes and lettering. Up to and including this new train the Illinois Central seemed to have difficulty deciding on a paint scheme for their streamlined trains. The "Green Diamond", "Illini", "Miss Lou", and now the "City of Miami" were all painted in their own distinct paint schemes.
Illinois Central was the key player in the City's long run from 1940 to 1971. Immaculately maintained equipment and perfectly matched consists in IC's familiar “Autumn Sunset” chocolate, orange, and yellow were traditional hallmarks of the ever popular Florida streamliner. Indeed, the City was a beautiful sight racing through the countryside between Lake Michigan and Biscayne Bay. During the peak winter season long trains carried several lounges and diners in addition to a sleeper lounge and tavern lounge observation on the rear. Domes were added in 1959. Courier Nurses were replaced by Passenger Service Reps in later years, but a high standard of service was maintained right up to May 1, 1971 when Amtrak took over and dropped the "City of Miami" and reinstated the "South Wind" on the 
Chicago-Florida route.
Route.
The new and improved Route was reinvented by Kevin A. Calzada of Miami, Florida. The "City of Miami" ran from Chicago to Miami by way of Champaign, Centralia, Fulton, Jackson, Birmingham, Columbus, Waycross, and Jacksonville. Between Chicago and Birmingham the streamliner scorched IC rails. Leaving Birmingham the train traversed the Central of Georgia Railway to Albany, Georgia. From Albany to Jacksonville the Atlantic Coast Line Railroad (Seaboard Coast Line Railroad from July 1967) was used. The Florida East Coast Railroad operated the train from Jacksonville to Miami until the FEC strike of 1963. In 1957 the "West Coast Champion" began hauling thru-cars for the "City of Miami" and "South Wind" [http://www.jacksonvilleterminal.com/champion.htm streamliners to and from Chicago on its Jacksonville-Tampa/Sarasota leg via Orlando and its Jacksonville-St. Petersburg section via Gainesville and Ocala. After the 1963 FEC strike the "City of Miami" and all ACL Miami-bound trains were rerouted through Orlando via ACL to Auburndale where they crossed over to SAL (SCL) rails to reach West Palm Beach and Miami. Tampa through service was dropped after the 1967 ACL/SAL (SCL) merger leaving only every-other-day City of Miami and South Wind stub trains on the former ACL Jacksonville-Gainesville-St. Petersburg branchline with connecting "limousine" service to Tampa. The St.Pete and Miami sections were split and joined at Jacksonville until Amtrak arrived on May 1, 1971.
The only engine change to occur on this route was at Jacksonville where the IC E6A 4000 was exchanged for the FEC E3A 1001 to Miami. The "City of Miami" was the only one of the three Chicago to Miami lightweight streamlined trains to operate with diesel power over the entire route from the beginning. The "City of Miami" route was and the train made 25 stops in route, only one of which, the Jacksonville stop, was for an engine change. In spite of the number of stops the diesel proved more than capable of maintaining a average. The "City of Miami" consist was the only one of the three Chicago – Miami lightweight streamlined trains to operate with cars built by Pullman Standard and the only one of the three trains to be diesel powered end terminal to end terminal.
Equipment.
At the outset a single Illinois Central EMD E6 pulled the train for the entire route. Pullman built the initial equipment set of the "City of Miami"; Budd manufactured the other two sets. The original seven-car set included the following:
Beginning April 23, 1949 the "City of Miami" added sleeping cars to its consist. These cars were carried forward of the coaches in the "City of Miami" consist maintaining quick access for coach passengers to the tavern-observation-lounge car on the rear. By 1958 the "colored" coach had been removed from the consist.

</doc>
<doc id="18394446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394446" title="Azri'el">
Azri'el

Azri'el () is a religious moshav in central Israel. Located near Tel Mond, it falls under the jurisdiction of Lev HaSharon Regional Council. In 2011 it had a population of 707.
The moshav was founded in 1951, and was named after Azriel Hildesheimer, a founder of Modern Orthodox Judaism.
In 2006, the moshav completed its expansion plan, which included 35 new families, 20 of which already moved in by the summer of 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18394460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394460" title="Saint Andrew's Memorial Episcopal Church">
Saint Andrew's Memorial Episcopal Church

Saint Andrew's Memorial Episcopal Church is a church located at 5105 Anthony Wayne Drive in Detroit, Michigan. As of 2008, it is used by Wayne State University and referred to as St. Andrew's Hall; street layout changes have re-indexed the address to 918 Ludington Mall. The church was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
History.
St. Andrew's parish, founded in 1885, was one of the earliest religious institutions established in what is now the University-Cultural Center section of Detroit. By January 1886, the parish had constructed a church at the corner of fourth and Putnam. In the early 1890s, plans for the present church were drawn up in by the Boston-based architectural firm of Cram, Wentworth & Goodhue. There was some delay in construction, but the church was completed in 1902.
In 1906, the church burned due to an electrical fire; it was repaired six years later, although the reconstruction did not restore the original design and has been criticized as architecturally disfiguring. It served the Episcopalian parish for a number of years until, after World War II, the surrounding population began an exodus to the suburbs. In 1961, the diocese leased the building to Wayne State University for 99 years. The University uses it as a student chapel and a concert hall.
Description.
St. Andrew's displays the straight, vertical and horizontal lines characteristic of Ralph Adams Cram's work. The exterior is constructed of Bedford limestone, with Berea sandstone trimmings and minimal decorative stonework. Rows of massive columns grace the nave, and an enormous window is inset behind the altar.

</doc>
<doc id="18394461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394461" title="Thomas McDermott">
Thomas McDermott

Thomas McDermott may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18394463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394463" title="Tarniţa – Lăpuşteşti Hydroelectric Power Station">
Tarniţa – Lăpuşteşti Hydroelectric Power Station

Tarniţa - Lăpuşteşti Hydropower Plant is a large hydroelectric pumped-storage project on the Someșul Cald River in Cluj County, Romania. It will be the largest hydro-electric load balancing system in Romania. During the night, when the demand is low and electricity is cheap because of powerplants which generate electricity continuously, such as the Cernavodă nuclear power plant, it will use electricity to pump water up the hill, while during the day, it will use the hydro energy to generate electricity.
Location.
The Tarniţa - Lăpuşteşti power station will be located 35 km from Cluj Napoca, on the left bank of the Someşul Cald River valley in the area of the existing Tarniţa accumulation and the Lăpuşteşti village (Râşca commune).
Power generation.
The power station will have four turbines, each capable of producing 250 megawatts, for a total of 1000 megawatts.
Schedule.
Construction work did not start yet. The Romanian state is currently looking for investors. The strategic environmental assessment (SEA) procedure is at the beginning, the environmental impact assessment (EIA) procedure did not start yet, as the project consultants admitted publicly on the 17.11.2010.

</doc>
<doc id="18394467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394467" title="Hayley Haining">
Hayley Haining

Hayley Haining (born 6 March 1972 in Dumfries) is a British runner who was nominated as a reserve for the British team for the 2008 Olympic Games.
Running career.
Haining won the British schools cross-country championship in 1985 when she was thirteen years old, and was seventh in the world cross country championships in Antwerp in 1991. After suffering some injuries, she gave up competitive running for four years after 1999. She failed to win the third team place in the marathon for the 2008 Olympic Games when she finished behind Liz Yelling at the 2008 Flora London Marathon. As of 29 July 2008 she was on standby to run in the marathon if Paula Radcliffe would be unable to do so. However, Radcliffe was fit enough to run, and completed the marathon in 23rd place.
In 2008, Haining finished the New York City Marathon as second British finisher in 12th place. The first British finisher was Paula Radcliffe who won the race, and the third British finisher was Lucy Macalister, who finished in 13th place.
Personal life.
Haining works as a veterinary pathologist at the Glasgow Veterinary School.

</doc>
<doc id="18394493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394493" title="Nepal Udpidit Jatiya Mukti Samaj">
Nepal Udpidit Jatiya Mukti Samaj

Nepal Udpidit Jatiya Mukti Samaj () is a Nepalese Dalit movement, linked to the Communist Party of Nepal (Unified Marxist-Leninist). Lal Bahadur Bishwakarma is the president of the organisation.

</doc>
<doc id="18394497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394497" title="30 Winchester per El Diablo">
30 Winchester per El Diablo

30 Winchester per El Diablo (also known as "Gold Train" in the United States) is a 1965 Italian spaghetti western film directed and written by Gianfranco Baldanello. The film stars Carl Möhner.

</doc>
<doc id="18394515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394515" title="Shin-Okachimachi Station">
Shin-Okachimachi Station

Lines.
Shin-Okachimachi Station is served by the following two lines.
History.
The station opened on December 12, 2000, when the Ōedo Line started operation. The services on the Tsukuba Express Line started on August 24, 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="18394532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394532" title="Saint-Symphorien, Ille-et-Vilaine">
Saint-Symphorien, Ille-et-Vilaine

Saint-Symphorien is a commune in the Ille-et-Vilaine department in Brittany in northwestern France.
Saint-Symphorien was part of Hédé from 1973 to 2007. On 1 January 2008, the commune of Hédé was divided again and the commune was recreated.

</doc>
<doc id="18394537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394537" title="Steven van der Hagen">
Steven van der Hagen

Steven van der Hagen (Amersfoort, 1563 – 1621) was the first admiral of the Dutch East India Company (VOC). He made three visits to the East Indies, spending six years in all there. He was appointed to the Raad van Indië. Van der Hagen protested against the harsh administration of the administrators, who wanted a monopoly on the clove trade and were willing to fight against their Spanish, Portuguese, English or Asiatic trade competitors in order to get it. Laurens Reael and Steven van der Hagen wrote with disapproval on how the Heren XVII treated the interests and laws of the Maluku population.
Both argued that the Company had no right to compel the natives of the Moluccas to sell their spices exclusively to the Dutch, unless the latter could supply them in return with adequate supplies of food and clothing at reasonable prices. They urged that is was better, in the long run, for the Dutch to content themselves with large sales and small profits rather than strive for a rigid and oppressive monopoly which aimed at small sales and big profits. Moreover, Laurens Reael and Van der Hagen, while prepared in the last extremity to use force against their English competitors in the Moluccas were reluctant to do so otherwise, for fear of unfavourable repercussions on Anglo-Dutch relations in Europe - a possibility that did not worry Coen. Finally they both considered that it might be unjust and unwise to exclude Asian traders, whether Chinese, Malay or Javanese, from the Moluccas by force.
Life.
Steven van der Hagen was born around 1563 in Amersfoort and was brought up by an aunt, his father's sister, after his parents fled to the Southern Netherlands due to the Dutch Revolt. Steven was given a good education which included Latin. When he was ten he went to visit his father Andries van der Hagen in Bruges, and together they went to Ypres and Doornik to seek work for him. Steven began work at a silkworkers' shop on the market square, before returning to Ypres to receive further education from his uncle Willem van der Hagen.
Andalucia.
At 12, Steven developed a great interest in Spain and (unbeknownst to his uncle) he traveled to Calais on foot to catch a ship there. A ship's captain heard that Steven was not a Fleming and asked him if he had run away from home. Once they got into conversation, Steven found out that five Antwerp merchants were traveling to Spain on this ship. Steven made a good impression on one of the merchants, who thought him wellbred, and offered (under conditions) to take him to Seville with him. For reasons of security, Steven did not use his surname so that nobody would connect him to his well-known uncle.
A few days later Steven was discovered by his cousin, who told him to go home, but Steven refused to give up his voyage because he had been beaten by his uncle. The ship left within a few days on the easterly wind. Steven was taken on by a shopkeeper in linen in Sanlúcar, who had a troublesome and difficult wife. Steven stayed for two years, until he spoke Spanish well. On a walk through Seville, he met one of the merchants who had brought him to Spain. Steven refused to re-enter his service and instead moved to Jerez de la Frontera. On the way he stayed with a shepherd, who offered him goats' milk and cheese. In Jerez, Steven met Don Garcia d'Avila, who gave him accommodation in his palace. Steven watched bullfights in the market square and horse-mounted fights in the streets.
In 1578 Spain went to war with Barbary - a number of Dutch boats fought for Spain, but their crews returned dangerously ill and when they were being given the sacrament as part of their last rites, so that they could be buried in holy ground, Steven acted as interpreter.
Steven met a ship's captain from Medemblik, many of whose crew had died of diarrhea, and joined the crew for the return journey to Holland. The ship took on a cargo of salt and set off in convoy. When Steven got back to Holland, he returned to Amersfoort and heard that his mother had died and his father had remarried.
With the money he inherited he travelled to Italy. In 1587 his ship was lost in Cadiz in the raid by Francis Drake. He succeeded to get back to Hoorn and in 1589, he married Stephania van der Made in Amsterdam in a civil ceremony before the schepenen. Their church marriage took place a few months later in Utrecht.
In the service of VOC.
At the end of 1603 Van der Hagen was chosen as the admiral of the VOC's first fleet. For two months his ships - despatched from Amsterdam, Hoorn and Enkhuizen - lay off the coast of England awaiting a favourable wind. Van der Hagen was sent to sea, with secret instructions only to be opened after leaving port. On reading the instructions he became angry, since the "Heren XVII" (the directors) ordered him to fight the Spanish and Portuguese. 
Or was it his crew that became angry, because they had not taken service to fight?
After six months at sea, on 30 May 1604 they sighted Cape of Good Hope. Then they hijacked a Portuguese ship laden with ivory. On 21 September the ships arrived in Goa and one month later in Calicut, the city of the Zamorin. On November 11 Van der Hagen reached a political agreement to trade at Kozhikode and Ponnani and promised the Zamorin help against the Portuguese. On the Indian coast were founded the Masulipatnam (1605) and Petapuli (1606) factory, aimed especially at getting a hold on the huge trade in cotton, spices, precious stones, and pigments. After a few weeks he reached Pegu and sold its sovereign an emerald. The Dutch were fascinated by his wealth, but also by the crocodiles and white elephants in the kingdom. In December his ships arrived in Bantam, but sailed on to Ambon. With the help of local population Van der Hagen captured the Portuguese fort on Ambon (25 February 1605) without any shot, the first territory captured by the Dutch Republic in south-east Asia.
At the end of the year, one of the fastest sailing ships in Van der Hagen's fleet, the Duyfken, a yacht under the captain Willem Jansz, sailed to the south and discovered the north coast of Australia, which he thought to be connected to New Guinea. In the Gulf of Carpentaria, named after Pieter de Carpentier they went ashore. In 1607 Van der Hagen sailed to Mauritius, there he met with Cornelis Matelieff and ate a dodo, whose taste he noted was rather disgusting.
Back home he bought a house in Utrecht on the Oude Gracht. In 1614 he sailed to Malabar and Goa to fight the Moorish pirates there. He then left for the Red Sea for negotiations, and in 1615 sailed to the Straits of Malacca. In 1616 admiral Van der Hagen defeated the Portuguese at the Malay Peninsula.
Because of his dissatisfaction with the governance of Adriaen Maertensz. Block, Van der Hagen convened an assembly there. Block was replaced and Van der Hagen (perhaps temporarily) took over command of Ambon (June 1617). In 1618 he and his ship set off for Pulau Naira (or Banda-Neira), one of the Spice Islands. At the end of the year he was appointed to the Raad van Indië (November 1614 - October 1619). Van der Hagen became the first councillor under the governor-generals Gerard Reynst, Laurens Reael and Jan Pieterszoon Coen.
Van der Hagen was painted in 1619, possibly by Paulus Moreelse. In 1620 Van der Hagen lived either in Slot Zuylen on the River Vecht or on Bleyesteyn. He was buried on 25 July 1624 in Utrecht, having died of the plague.His direct descendents still live in Holland,Belgium,Germany and Australia.Streets in The Netherlands are named after Steven in a.o.Rotterdam,Amersfoort and Den Helder.
Sources.
"This article is a translation from the Dutch Wikipedia".
b

</doc>
<doc id="18394539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394539" title="Demene">
Demene

Demene is a settlement in Demene parish in southeastern Latvia.

</doc>
<doc id="18394551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394551" title="Lev HaSharon Regional Council">
Lev HaSharon Regional Council

Lev HaSharon Regional Council (, "Mo'atza Azorit Lev HaSharon", "lit." Heart of the Sharon Regional Council) is a regional council in the Center District of Israel. The council was established in 1984, unifying Hadar HaSharon and Northern Sharon regional councils, and covers 18 villages with a total area of 57,000 dunams and a population of 13,600.
It borders Hefer Valley Regional Council and Pardesiya to the north, Qalansawe, Tira and the West Bank to the east, Drom HaSharon Regional Council to the south and Even Yehuda and Netanya to the west. Until 1997 it also covered Tzoran, now a local council.
International relations.
Twin towns — Sister cities.
Lev HaSharon region is twinned with:

</doc>
<doc id="18394570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394570" title="Skrudaliena">
Skrudaliena

Skrudaliena is a settlement in Skrudaliena parish in southeastern Latvia.

</doc>
<doc id="18394576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394576" title="Serge Venturini">
Serge Venturini

Serge Venturini (October 12, 1955, Paris) is a French poet. Poet of "devenir" ("destiny"), several metamorphoses run through his poetry. From his poetics of human destiny, through post-human and transhuman poetics, he came to the transvisible thematic.
Biography.
Serge Venturini is a poet and a French teacher in Val-d'Oise since 1996, when he came back to France after having lived in Lebanon (1979–1981) and Morocco (1981–1984). After a brief come back to France (1984–1987), he lived in Armenia (1987–1990) and in Poland (1990–1996), on temporary assignment for the French Foreign Affairs Ministry.
His mother (born in Figline di Prato) worked sometimes as dressmaker, sometimes as cleaning lady, and his father (born in Rutali) was a cartographic designer at the Institut Géographique National during the week, and, with his brother Jean, guitarist and singer at feast days in Corsican receptions during the 1950s in Paris. He spent his childhood not far from the Musée Rodin in the 7th arrondissement of Paris. From 1955 till 1979, he stayed in 3 rue Rousselet. He was introduced to Heraclitus, Empedocles, Arthur Rimbaud and Friedrich Nietzsche. He began to write when he was fifteen.
His "poésie du devenir" ("poetry of destiny"), lightning and crystal-clear according to Geneviève Clancy who revealed him, is influenced by Pierre Reverdy and even more by René Char, and is at the junction of poetry and prose, of politics and philosophy. It was recognised as such by Yves Bonnefoy, André du Bouchet, Abdellatif Laabi and Laurent Terzieff.
His books deal with the "fight of the being". Air, earth, water and most of all fire have a peculiar importance in his works. The Resistance of poetry lies at the heart of his daily fights in favour of a rebellious speech, freer and freer, more and more opened up. He elaborates upon his "Poétique du devenir" ("poetics of destiny") in his "premier livre d'Éclats" (1976–1999) with a questioning of "human destiny".
"Le livre II d'Éclats" (2000–2007) carries on with this reflexion and questions the "post-human destiny". "Le livre III" has been published in 2009 and deals with the "transhuman destiny". At the end of 2007, he elaborates upon a theory according to which there would be, between the visible and the invisible, a passage, in a flash, a brief vision: the "transvisible". He wrote:
The transvisible.
The "transvisible" is a theory according to which there is a passage between the visible and the invisible world which lasts no longer than a flash of lightning, no longer than a vision.
To fully understand this theory that is still in the making, it is necessary to refer to other key notions of the transvisible; we still haven’t found the way out of Plato’s cave and we still mistake the appearance of reality for reality itself, in a world trapped in the fallacies of images and when the absence of such images is accepted as a token of un-reality, of untruth and consequently of falsehood, a world in which reality itself has become fiction; in "a world "truly turned upside down"", as Guy Debord once said, the virtual has become a reality.
The first of these notions is the "posthuman" which witnessed the death of the old Humanist movement that was born out of the Italian Renaissance. Beyond this notion, as in a second step, one could refer to the "transhuman" as the necessary move to go beyond the notion we have just mentioned. Dante’s "transumanar" remains a major reference in the issue. "Transhumaner" would mean "to go beyond what is human", "beyond Good and Evil" as Nietzsche once said.
On a symbolical level, the "transvisible" could be epitomized by an arrow shot from the visible and that would vanish in the invisible. As the symbol of a philosophy of destiny and of evolution, the transvisible is the moment between what is "already no more" and what is "yet to come", a moment with dreamlike qualities, when the mind itself passes from day-time subconscious to evening slumber and sometimes premonitory dream. According to Henri Bergson, it is the first function of consciousness to hold onto what is no more in order to look into the future.
Water too would seem to be an excellent metaphor between the liquid word (the visible) and vapour (the invisible). So would the wind when you don’t even notice it rustling the leaves or conversely, when nothing seems to move, when it comes and sweeps across your face like a ray of light. Or quite differently, money now that the banking rules have disappeared and that monetary value has become more and more immaterial, if not totally virtual and transvisible
This is why it is so difficult to explain how quick the passage is between what is visible for the eye and the mind and what is not, as is revealed by the notorious fade in-fade out effect used in the movies when one picture succeeds another: as one picture gradually vanishes, the following one gets clearer and clearer. And the same goes for music when one theme succeeds another.
When science and art intertwine, the Florentine engineer Maurizio Seracini, provides another fine example. As a specialist in reflectography and infra-red techniques, he pioneered the restoration of the works of Leonardo da Vinci and was able to use the latest technology to uncover The Batlle of Anghiari and to reveal one of the first drawings of the master from under the current unfinished The Adoration of the Magi. To see another reality under the appearance of representation is to be confronted to the transvisible. To see beyond our senses is a problem Pablo Picasso had already pointed out when he declared: "it would be necessary to reveal the paintings beneath the actual painting".
Therefore, between being and non-being, in a world in which communication is increasingly being dematerialised as time goes by, the supporters of rationality see in all this nothing more than just an expression of what is not determined, improbable or unmentionable, thereby refusing to get involved in the whole issue. All that is not clearly expressed doesn’t hold water and is consequently deemed irrelevant.
However, there were people like Merleau-Ponty, who at one time happened to be passionate about the links between the visible and the invisible. As a philosopher, Merleau-Ponty even discovered in it some sort of "profondeur charnelle". Poets too have also attempted to meet the transvisible in the flesh. What is void, empty and unthinkable offers countless possibilities in this respect. To "see", to pass from what is opaque to what is transparent is required before reaching the transparency of the invisible. The "openness" of such worlds should also be emphasised for people with too rational a mind have chosen not to trouble themselves with such interactions. As media of transvisibility, poets act as torch-bearers in charge with the fire of eloquence; they are walkers between worlds. As we cross from the visible to the invisible, the transvisible transfigures Time itself.

</doc>
<doc id="18394578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394578" title="Parra">
Parra

Parra is a Spanish surname, meaning vine bower or trellis (architecture), for example a pergola, or especially the vines raised on it.

</doc>
<doc id="18394580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394580" title="Medumi">
Medumi

Medumi is a settlement in Medumi parish in southeastern Latvia.

</doc>
<doc id="18394588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394588" title="Thompson Dagnall">
Thompson Dagnall

Thompson Dagnall is a British sculptor.
Born in Liverpool on 15 February 1956, he attended Liverpool and Brighton Polytechnics before gaining an MA at Chelsea College in 1979.
He is a prolific producer of works on public commission, including "Archimedes" and "Luca Pacioli" in Manchester; "Halsall Navvy" in Halsall; "Black Tiger and Kissing Seat", "Walking Snake", "Hanging Bat", "Spruced up Heron" and "Orme Sight" in Beacon Fell Country Park; and "Gauging the Ripple" by the Ribble Link canal in Preston (nicknamed the "Ribble Piddler").

</doc>
<doc id="18394593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394593" title="Saliena">
Saliena

Saliena (formerly Salonāja) is the biggest village and the administrative centre of Saliena parish, Daugavpils District, Latvia.

</doc>
<doc id="18394595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394595" title="Jatiya Samata Samaj">
Jatiya Samata Samaj

Jatiya Samata Samaj () is a Nepalese Dalit movement, linked to Rastriya Janamorcha. Rajesh B.K. is the president of the organisation.

</doc>
<doc id="18394598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394598" title="Jógvan Sundstein">
Jógvan Sundstein

Jógvan Sundstein (born May 25, 1933) is a Faroese politician and member of the Faroese People's Party.
Jógvan is the son of Johanna Malena (born Jensen) and Hans Jacob Matras Sundstein from Tórshavn. He is married to Lydia (born Marsten) from Klaksvík.
Jógvan Sundstein is a certified accountant and was a member of numerous boards of directors. In 1979 he was elected to the Løgting for the first time. He was the speaker of the Løgting from 1980 to 1984 and 1988 to 1989. He was Prime Minister of the Faroe Islands (Løgmaður) from 1989 to 1991 and was a minister from 1991 to 1993. 
In 2008 Sundstein published his memoirs, becoming the first Faroese politician to do so.
He has lived in Holbæk, Denmark since 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="18394603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394603" title="Jefferson Intermediate School">
Jefferson Intermediate School

The Jefferson Intermediate School is a school building located at 938 Selden Street in Detroit, Michigan. It is also known as Jefferson Junior High School or Jefferson School. The school was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997. Since 2013, the school has been occupied by Experiencia Preparatory Academy.
History.
The site on which the Jefferson School sits was purchased by the city of Detroit in 1869, and an elementary school was built on the property in 1873 at a cost of $60,000. In 1915, additional lots to the west were purchased for a playground. However, the old school was considered dilapidated, and in 1922, the city tore it down and began construction of the building now occupying the site. The structure, designed by Malcomson, Higginbotham, & Palmer, was completed in 1923.
During the 1950s, the Lodge Freeway was constructed, running directly to the west of the school through what was once the playground. As of 2008, the building has been rehabilitated and now serves as a charter school.

</doc>
<doc id="18394607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394607" title="Červonka">
Červonka

Červonka, also known as Vecsaliena, is a settlement in Vecsaliena parish in southeastern Latvia. The village is known for its manor house.

</doc>
<doc id="18394618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394618" title="Capitol Place">
Capitol Place

Capitol Place is a high-rise building located in Washington, D.C., United States. The building rises to , containing 12 floors. 

</doc>
<doc id="18394621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394621" title="Tabore">
Tabore

Tabore is a settlement in Tabore parish in southeastern Latvia.

</doc>
<doc id="18394625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394625" title="Ronne (disambiguation)">
Ronne (disambiguation)

Ronne or Rønne can refer to the following:

</doc>
<doc id="18394628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394628" title="Kalkūni, Latvia">
Kalkūni, Latvia

Kalkūni is the biggest village and the administrative centre of Kalkūne parish, Daugavpils District.

</doc>
<doc id="18394632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394632" title="Miguel Riofrío">
Miguel Riofrío

Miguel Riofrio Sánchez (September 7, 1822 – October 11, 1879) was an Ecuadoran poet, novelist, journalist, orator, and educator. He was born in the city of Loja.
He is best known today as the author of Ecuador's first novel "La Emancipada" (1863). Owing to the book's length, usually less than 100 pages long, many experts have argued that it is really a novella rather than a full novel, and that Ecuador's first novel is Juan León Mera's "Cumanda" (1879). Nevertheless, thanks to the arguments of the well-known and respected Ecuadoran writer Alejandro Carrión (1915–1992), Miguel Riofrío's "La Emancipada" has been accepted as Ecuador's first novel.
Riofrio died in exile in Peru.

</doc>
<doc id="18394646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394646" title="Eglaine">
Eglaine

Eglaine is a settlement in Eglaine parish in southeastern Latvia.

</doc>
<doc id="18394656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394656" title="Armand Desmet">
Armand Desmet

Armand Desmet (23 January 1931 – 17 November 2012) was a Belgian professional road bicycle racer.
Desmet was born in Waregem, and competed professionally between 1955 and 1967. He was the first winner of the E3 Prijs Vlaanderen and Rund um den Henninger-Turm. In the Vuelta a España, Desmet finished 2nd place after leading the general classification for several days. Desmet rode with the Faema team between 1961 and 1963) and Solo Superia between 1964 and 1966) and was part of the "red guard" of Rik Van Looy.

</doc>
<doc id="18394662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394662" title="Līksna">
Līksna

Līksna is a settlement in Līksna parish, Daugavpils municipality in southeastern Latvia.

</doc>
<doc id="18394663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394663" title="Love Italian Style (film)">
Love Italian Style (film)

"Amore all'italiana (Love Italian Style") is a 1965 Italian comedy film directed by Steno. The film stars Walter Chiari.

</doc>
<doc id="18394664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394664" title="1st Man in Space">
1st Man in Space

"1st Man in Space" is a song by the short lived Sheffield dance collective All Seeing I. It was the third single to be released from the album "Pickled Eggs and Sherbet" (1999).
It features vocals by Philip Oakey of The Human League on what is essentially an update of David Bowie's "Space Oddity" and Elton John's "Rocket Man" The song was written by another Sheffield musician Jarvis Cocker of Pulp.
The single reached Number 28 in the UK singles charts when released in September 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="18394671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394671" title="Biķernieki">
Biķernieki

Biķernieki is a settlement in Biķernieki parish in southeastern Latvia.

</doc>
<doc id="18394686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394686" title="Geoffrey Taylor">
Geoffrey Taylor

Geoffrey or Geoff Taylor may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18394690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394690" title="Ambeļi">
Ambeļi

Ambeļi is a settlement in Ambeļi parish in southeastern Latvia.

</doc>
<doc id="18394698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394698" title="Višķi">
Višķi

Višķi is a settlement in Višķi parish in southeastern Latvia.

</doc>
<doc id="18394702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394702" title="Fruit Hill (Shepherdstown, West Virginia)">
Fruit Hill (Shepherdstown, West Virginia)

Fruit Hill, also known as the Robinson-Andrews-Hoxton House is a Greek Revival house near Shepherdstown, West Virginia. The original two-story stone house on the property was probably built by Henry Cookus "circa" 1766. This house was built over a watercourse, assuring a reliable supply of water on what was then the frontier. The main Greek Revival house was built in the 1830s by Archibald Robinson, and the house remains in the hands of the family. The interior of the house includes a three-story open staircase.

</doc>
<doc id="18394704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394704" title="John Adams Ten Eyck III">
John Adams Ten Eyck III

John Adams Ten Eyck III (October 28, 1893 - October 22, 1932) was a painter and etcher.
Biography.
He was born on October 28, 1893 in Bridgeport, Connecticut. He was the son of Dr. John Adams Ten Eyck II (?-1906) and Bella Burnham. He attended the New York School of Fine and Applied Arts. In 1918 he married and then served in World War I. He died in Shippan Point in Stamford, Connecticut. His granddaughter was Beverley Sener who married Aubin Lueckner.

</doc>
<doc id="18394706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394706" title="Vabole">
Vabole

Vabole (; ) is a settlement in Vabole parish in southeastern Latvia.

</doc>
<doc id="18394710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394710" title="Dviete">
Dviete

Dviete ; ) is a settlement in Dviete parish in southeastern Latvia.

</doc>
<doc id="18394716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394716" title="Pyrazinoic acid">
Pyrazinoic acid

Pyrazinoic acid is a pyrazinamide metabolite.

</doc>
<doc id="18394725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394725" title="Kalupe">
Kalupe

Kalupe is a settlement in Daugavpils District in southeastern Latvia.

</doc>
<doc id="18394729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394729" title="Nīcgale">
Nīcgale

Nīcgale (; ) is a settlement in Nīcgale parish in southeastern Latvia.

</doc>
<doc id="18394730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394730" title="How to Train Your Dragon (film)">
How to Train Your Dragon (film)

How to Train Your Dragon is a 2010 American 3D computer-animated fantasy film by DreamWorks Animation loosely based on the British book series of the same name by Cressida Cowell. The film was directed by Chris Sanders and Dean DeBlois, the duo who directed Disney's "Lilo & Stitch". It stars the voices of Jay Baruchel, Gerard Butler, Craig Ferguson, America Ferrera, Jonah Hill, T.J. Miller, Kristen Wiig, Christopher Mintz-Plasse, and David Tennant.
The story takes place in a mythical Viking world where a young Viking teenager named Hiccup aspires to follow his tribe's tradition of becoming a dragon slayer. After finally capturing his first dragon, and with his chance at finally gaining the tribe's acceptance, he finds that he no longer has the desire to kill it and instead befriends it.
The film was released March 26, 2010 and was a critical and commercial success, receiving critical acclaim from film critics and audiences and earning nearly $500 million worldwide. It was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature and Best Original Score at the 83rd Academy Awards, but lost to "Toy Story 3" and "The Social Network", respectively. The movie also won ten Annie Awards, including Best Animated Feature.
Two sequels are currently in development, both to be written and directed by Dean DeBlois; they are scheduled to be released on June 13, 2014, and June 17, 2016. The film's success has also inspired other merchandise, including a video game and a .
Plot.
The island of Berk is a Viking village that is plagued by attacks from dragons that steal its livestock. Hiccup, the awkward son of the village chieftain Stoick the Vast, is unable to wield the usual weapons to fight dragons, but has fashioned mechanical devices under his apprenticeship with Gobber the blacksmith to aid in defense. During one attack, Hiccup believes he has shot down a Night Fury, an extremely dangerous dragon that no one has ever seen, and later finds it in the nearby forest, trapped in a net. Hiccup tries to kill it, but finds himself unable to and instead cuts it free; the Night Fury roars and disappears into the forest.
Stoick assembles a fleet to seek out the dragons' nest, placing Hiccup into a dragon fighting class taught by Gobber along with other children of the village, including Astrid, a girl whom Hiccup has a crush on. After hearing that dragons will always go for the kill, Hiccup searches for and finds the dragon trapped in a shallow glade. He also realizes that the dragon's tail was injured, preventing it from flying normally. Hiccup earns the dragon's trust and begins to care for it. He names the Night Fury "Toothless", for its retractable teeth. Later, Hiccup fashions a makeshift harness and prosthetic tail that allows him to guide the dragon in free flight. Hiccup is able to transfer his knowledge of Toothless's behavior to the other species of dragons at dragon-fighting class, appearing to conquer each one in battle and becoming the star pupil, much to Astrid's dismay. Eventually Hiccup completes the class and gets the chance to kill a dragon in front of the entire village, much to his dismay. Meanwhile, the unsuccessful battered Viking fleet arrives home.
Astrid discovers Hiccup training with Toothless, but before she can tell the village, Hiccup takes her for a ride on Toothless. At first, Astrid is terrified, but then begins to enjoy the excursion. while Astrid expresses concern over Hiccup's upcoming exam, Toothless unexpectedly joins a flock of dragons and takes the pair straight into the dragon's nest, where they discover the presence of a gigantic dragon named the Red Death. The Red Death depends on the food the other dragons bring back, or otherwise feed on the dragons themselves. After swiftly escaping the island, Astrid wants to tell the village of the nest, but Hiccup asks her to keep it a secret to protect Toothless.
Hiccup is put to his final exam the next day by fighting a Monstrous Nightmare, but when he tries to show the village the dragon's true nature, Stoick stops the fight, inadvertently angering the dragon and endangering Hiccup. Toothless hears Hiccup's scream and flies in to save him, but is captured himself. Hiccup, attempting to explain his actions, accidentally reveals how to find the dragons' nest. Realizing his mistake, he tries to warn his father of the danger, but Stoick refuses to listen to his son. Though shaken, Stoick demotes Hiccup from being a Viking, disowns him, and leaves with another fleet, using a restrained Toothless as their guide. After a heart-to-heart talk with Astrid, Hiccup then concocts a plan to save the Vikings with the help of the other children and the training dragons from their class.
Hiccup and his friends arrive to find the Red Death has burned the ships and is about to consume Stoick and Gobber. Hiccup's classmates distract it while Hiccup attempts to free Toothless. However, Hiccup and Toothless almost drown after the ship is destroyed by the distracted Red Death, but both are saved by Stoick. Hiccup and Toothless succeed in luring the Red Death into flight, ultimately damaging its wings and then forcing it into an inescapable dive back to earth, killing it in a massive explosion with its own prematurely ignited fire breath. While attempting to flee from the crashing dragon, Hiccup falls and Toothless dives into the flames after him. Stoick finds Toothless, who reveals an injured and unconscious Hiccup safely wrapped in his wings.
Hiccup wakes up back on Berk, discovering his leg has been amputated and replaced with a prosthesis made by Gobber. He is elated as he steps outside to find the Vikings and dragons working together to rebuild their village, and Astrid rushes to kiss him. The film ends with the war between Vikings and Dragons finally over with Hiccup and his friends racing their dragons.
Production.
The book series by Cressida Cowell began coming to attention to the executives at DreamWorks Animation in 2004. Coming off her success in "Over the Hedge", producer Bonnie Arnold shortly became interested in the newly acquired property. She kept focusing on the project as time went on, and when DreamWorks Animation co-president of production Bill Damaschke asked her what she wanted to work on next, she chose “How to Train Your Dragon”.
In initial development, the plot followed the original novel closely, but about halfway through production Chris Sanders and Dean DeBlois, the writer-directors of Disney's "Lilo & Stitch", took over as co-directors and it was altered. The original plot was described as, "heavily loyal to the book", but was regarded as being too "sweet" and "whimsical" as well as geared towards a too-young demographic, according to Baruchel. In the novel, Hiccup's dragon, Toothless, is a Common or Garden Dragon, a small breed. In the film, Toothless is a Night Fury, the rarest of all dragons, and is large enough to serve as a flying mount for both Hiccup and Astrid. The filmmakers hired cinematographer Roger Deakins (known for frequently collaborating with the Coen brothers) as a visual consultant to help them with lighting and overall look of the film and to "add a live-action feel".
Music.
John Powell returned to DreamWorks Animation to score "How to Train Your Dragon", making it his sixth collaboration with the studio, following his previous score for "Kung Fu Panda" (which he scored with Hans Zimmer). Powell composed a very orchestral score, combining bombastic brass with loud percussion and soothing strings, while also using exotic, Scottish and Irish tones with instruments like the penny whistle and bagpipes. Additionally, Icelandic singer Jónsi wrote and performed the song "Sticks & Stones" for the film. The score was released by Varèse Sarabande on March 23, 2010.
Overall, the score was very well received by film score critics. Powell earned his very first Academy Award nomination for his work on the film, ultimately losing to Trent Reznor and Atticus Ross for their score for "The Social Network".
Release.
Competition for 3D screens.
The film was released March 26, 2010.
The month before, DreamWorks Animation CEO Jeffrey Katzenberg protested Warner Bros.' decision to convert "Clash of the Titans" from 2D to 3D, then to release it one week after "How to Train Your Dragon". Entertainment reporter Kim Masters described the 3D release schedule around March 2010 as a "traffic jam", and speculated that the lack of 3D screen availability could hurt Katzenberg's prospects despite his support of the 3D format.
In March 2010, theater industry executives accused Paramount of using high-pressure tactics to coerce theaters to screen "How to Train Your Dragon" rather than the competing 3D releases, "Clash of the Titans" and Tim Burton's "Alice in Wonderland". As theater multiplexes often had just one 3D screen, theaters were unable to accommodate more than one 3D presentation at a time.
Box-office.
"How to Train Your Dragon" topped the North American box office with $43.7 million in its first weekend of release. The film grossed $217,581,231 in the United States and Canada and $277,297,528 in foreign countries with a worldwide total of $494,878,759. "How to Train Your Dragon" is DreamWorks Animation's highest-grossing film in the American and Canadian box office other than the "Shrek" films. It is the fifth highest-grossing animated film of 2010 with $494.8 million, behind "Toy Story 3" with $1,063.2 million, "Shrek Forever After" with $752.6 million, "Tangled" with $576.6 million, and "Despicable Me" with $543.1 million and the 10th highest-grossing movie of 2010.
Critical reception.
Review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes gives the film a score of 98% based on 173 reviews from professional critics, with an overall rating average of 7.9 out of 10. The site's general consensus is that "Boasting dazzling animation, a script with surprising dramatic depth, and thrilling 3-D sequences, "How to Train Your Dragon" soars." By "Tomatometer" score, the film is "DreamWorks Animation"'s most critically successful film ever. On Metacritic, which assigns a weighted mean rating out of 0–100 reviews from film critics, the film has a rating score of 74 based on 33 reviews, indicating 'Generally favorable reviews.' CinemaScore polls conducted during the opening weekend revealed the average grade cinemagoers gave "How to Train Your Dragon" was A on an A+ to F scale.
Roger Ebert of "The Chicago Sun-Times" gave it 3 stars out of 4, stating that: "It devotes a great deal of time to aerial battles between tamed dragons and evil ones, and not much to character or story development. But it's bright, good-looking, and has high energy". Claudia Puig of "USA Today" gave it 3.5 out of 4 stars, saying "It's a thrilling action-adventure saga with exhilarating 3-D animation, a clever comedy with witty dialogue, a coming-of-age tale with surprising depth and a sweetly poignant tale of friendship between man and animal." "Rolling Stone" film critic Peter Travers praised the film, giving it three out of four stars and in his print review wrote, "film works enough miracles of 3-D animation to charm your socks off." Roger Moore of "The Orlando Sentinel", who gave the film 2½ stars out of 4, wrote a mixed review describing the film as a "more coming-of-age dramedy or 'everything about your world view is wrong' message movie than it is a comedy. And that seems like a waste of a funny book, some very funny actors and some darned witty animation." Kyle Smith of "The New York Post" gave the film 2/4 stars labeling the film as ""Avatar" for simpletons. But that title is already taken, by "Avatar"". A. O. Scott of "At The Movies" felt the characters and the story were not strong points, but loved the cinematography and said, "that swooping and soaring, they are worth the price of a ticket, so go see it." "Village Voice" film critic Ella Taylor panned the film describing it as an "adequate but unremarkable animated tale". Film critic James Berardinelli of "ReelViews" praised the film and its story, giving it 3.5 out of 4 stars he wrote, "Technically proficient and featuring a witty, intelligent, surprisingly insightful script, "How to Train Your Dragon" comes close to the level of Pixar's recent output while easily exceeding the juvenilia Dreamworks has released in the last nine years." "Entertainment Weekly" film critic Owen Gleiberman praised the film giving it an A- and wrote, ""How to Train Your Dragon" rouses you in conventional ways, but it's also the rare animated film that uses 3-D for its breathtaking spatial and emotional possibilities."
Home media.
"How to Train Your Dragon" was released on single-disc DVD, 2-disc Double DVD Pack and Blu-ray/DVD combo pack in Canada and the United States on Friday, October 15, 2010. Among the features available in the 2-disc DVD edition is an original sequel short film, "Legend of the Boneknapper Dragon". As of July 18, 2012, units sold for the DVD stand at more than 6.5 million copies and has grossed $121,663,692.
Samsung signed a deal with DreamWorks to gain exclusive distribution rights to a Blu-ray 3D version of the film. The exclusive agreement ended on September 11, 2011 when "How to Train Your Dragon - 3D" was released in a Two-Disc Blu-ray combo pack.
Sequels.
A sequel, "How to Train Your Dragon 2", was confirmed on April 27, 2010. The film is being directed and written by Dean DeBlois, the co-director of the first film. Bonnie Arnold, the producer of the first film, is also returning, with Chris Sanders, who co-directed the first film, only exec-producing this time. The film is scheduled for release on June 13, 2014. It was announced that the entire original voice cast – Baruchel, Butler, Ferguson, Ferrera, Hill, Mintz-Plasse, Miller and Wiig – would return for the sequel.
A third film, "How To Train Your Dragon 3" was confirmed for 2016, also being directed and written by DeBlois, produced by Bonnie Arnold, and exec-produced by Chris Sanders. All the main cast is set to return in the third film and it is scheduled to be released on June 17, 2016.
Other media.
Short films.
Three post-movie short films were released: "Legend of the Boneknapper Dragon" (2010), "Book of Dragons" (2011) and "Gift of the Night Fury" (2011).
Television series.
A television series based on the film premiered on Cartoon Network in Autumn 2012. Jay Baruchel, America Ferrera, Christopher Mintz-Plasse and T. J. Miller reprise their roles as Hiccup, Astrid, Fishlegs and Tuffnut. The series follows Hiccup and his friends as they learn more about dragons, discover new ones, teach others to feel comfortable around them, adapt traditions within the village to fit their new friends and battle against enemies as they explore new worlds. Hiccup has been made head of Berk Dragon Academy.
Video games.
An action adventure video game released by Activision, called "How to Train Your Dragon", was released for the Wii, Xbox 360, PS3 and Nintendo DS gaming consoles. It is loosely based on the film and was released on March 23, 2010.
"School of Dragons", a 3D free-to-play MMO, was released on July 17, 2013 at the San Diego Comic-Con. The game is available for PC, Android and iOS.
Ice show.
A Broadway-style production named "How To Train Your Dragon ON ICE" is currently on Royal Caribbean's Allure of the Seas.
Arena show.
"How To Train Your Dragon Arena Spectacular" is an arena show adaptation of the first film featuring 24 animatronic dragons, acrobats and projections. It premiered on March 2, 2012, in Melbourne, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="18394734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394734" title="Guy Jackson">
Guy Jackson

Guy Rolf Jackson (23 June 1896 – 21 February 1966) was an English cricketer who played first-class cricket for Derbyshire between 1919 and 1936, being captain for nine years.
Jackson was born at Ankerbold, Tupton, Derbyshire, the son of Brigadier G M Jackson, chairman of the Clay Cross Company. He was educated at Harrow School and in 1914 scored 59 against Eton at Lords. He was due to go to Oxford University, but shortly after the outbreak of World War I, he was commissioned into the Derbyshire Yeomanry in October 1914. He served as a captain at Salonica in January 1918,and was awarded the Military Cross. He was also mentioned in despatches twice and also won the French Legion d’Honneur and the War Cross (Greece). Jackson was leading his troops on patrol when some Bulgarian soldiers approached, carrying a flag of truce. They were asking for the armistice which was to end Bulgaria’s part in the First World War. 
After the war Jackson returned to Derbyshire and made his first-class debut for the county in the 1919 season in July. He scored five and six in a low-scoring match against Somerset in which Derbyshire were bowled out for 37 in their second innings, losing the by three-wickets. In the 1922 season, he was appointed captain of the team which George Buckston had started to develop and he remained Derbyshire’s captain for nine seasons. He quickly won the respect of his players and in his first season as captain, Derbyshire moved up to finish 11th, winning six games. Billy Bestwick led the bowling, although Derbyshire’s batting was disappointing. By the 1927 season, Derbyshire had risen to fifth in the County Championship. 
In the winter of 1926-27, Jackson had toured South America with an MCC party which was captained by Plum Warner . In a game against Argentina in Buenos Aires which MCC won by an innings and 12 runs, Jackson hit 73 his highest score of the tour. In 1927-28 was appointed captain of the MCC party to tour South Africa but was unable to do so because of ill health. 
After leading them in 220 matches, Jackson gave up the club captaincy at the end of the 1930 season, handing over to Arthur Walker Richardson who took the team to the top. Jackson played occasionally until the 1936 season, his final first-class appearance for Derbyshire being in July against the Indian tourists in a rain-affected draw. From 1942 to 1960 he was chairman of Derbyshire’s committee. He died at Chesterfield.
Jackson's brother Geoffrey Jackson and cousin, Anthony Jackson, also played cricket for Derbyshire.

</doc>
<doc id="18394736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394736" title="Penrhys">
Penrhys

Penrhys is a village in the county borough of Rhondda Cynon Taf, Wales, situated on a hillside overlooking both valleys of Rhondda Fawr and Rhondda Fach. It is situated around 1,100 ft above sea level and is a district of Tylorstown. Until the late 16th century, Penrhys was one of the holiest sites for Christian pilgrims in Wales.
The site of Penrhys has a rich religious history dating back to mediaeval times, though few settlements other than farmsteads can be traced to the area. Penrhys is significant for a mediaeval monastery, the holy shrine of "Our Lady" built at the holy spring of Ffynnon Fair. During the early 16th century the antiquarian John Leland wrote during his visit to the area that he saw ""Penrise Village, where the Pilgrimage was"", suggesting that a settlement had built up in the area. In 1538 the shrine was destroyed during the English Reformation, and the area appeared to fall into decline. With the arrival of industrialisation in the Rhondda Valley during the 19th century interest in the religious history of Penrhys increased. An archaeological dig at the old chapel was carried out in 1912 and a new statue of the Virgin Mary was unveiled in 1953. In February 1927 the first burial took place at Penrhys cemetery.
Industrial Penrhys.
In 1904 the mining population of Rhondda was over 110,000 and still expanding rapidly. Although a 'fever hospital' had been constructed in nearby Ystrad, the threat of smallpox had become a concern to the Medical Officer of Health, who recommended a separate containment site. In 1906 the Health Committee purchased three acres of land at Penrhys, chosen for its accessibility to both Rhondda valleys and its distance from other habitable buildings. The smallpox hospital was completed in 1907 and at first served the Rhondda and later all of South Wales. In the 1970s the building was deemed unnecessary and was burnt to the ground by the South Wales Fire Service in 1971.
In 1927 Penrhys was chosen as the starting point for 'Red Sunday in Rhondda Valley' hunger march. The march was organised by the South Wales Miners' Federation and the Rhondda District, but lost support due to opposition from the TUC. It was supported by the Communist party and the march went ahead supported by 270 marchers.
Modern Penrhys.
The village of Penrhys that exists today was first developed in 1966 as a new modern council housing development. Built between 1966 and 1969 by Alex Robertson, Peter Francis & Partners, the houses consisted of short two and three storey terraces with cement rendered concrete walls and monpitch roofs. When it was officially opened in 1968, it consisted of 951 houses, at the time the largest public-sector housing venture in Wales.
One of the innovative features of Penrhys village was the district heating system; under an agreement with the National Coal Board, water was heated in a central coal-fired boiler, and a network of insulated pipes served each house with space heating and hot water for domestic use, with the cost of heating included in the rent. This was designed and built during a period of low bulk energy costs, but proved very expensive following the Oil Crisis of 1973 which increased the cost of energy. As heating cost increases had to be absorbed into the rent, the village became uneconomic for those residents who were not reliant on state benefits (which paid housing costs), and many of those in employment left the estate to move to other housing where they could have more control of heating costs.
The outflow of employed residents led to a process of social engineering (whether intentional or not) whereby those on unemployment or other state benefits were relocated into Penrhys from other council run estates (with the initial prospect of them a saving on separate heating costs). As a result of the concentration of socially impoverished residents during the 1970s and 1980s the village gained a poor reputation and was seen by many as an undesirable location. In an attempt to rejuvenate the village, the Priority Estate Programme was undertaken in the late 1980s with all houses refurbished and environmental improvements made throughout the community. This, though, proved unsuccessful as the reputation of Penrhys was so low that new occupants could not be found; this led to newly refurbished houses being vandalised as they stood empty. This in turn fueled the area's negative reputation.
By the 1990s the local authorities had begun a relocation program for Penrhys, with many buildings demolished once the tenants had been relocated. By the early 21st century much of the village had been demolished, leaving around 300 buildings remaining.
Historic buildings and religious sites.
Medieval monastery.
Many legends surround the old monastery at Penrhys, though the historicity of most has now been dismissed. It was originally believed that the monastery was Franciscan and built under the orders of Henry I; another tale states that Welsh king Rhys ap Tewdwr was beheaded by the Normans at the site. Both these tales have been disproven, though many books hold these tales as fact. The village even takes its name from one of the legends as it was originally called Pen-Rhys ap Tewdwr (the head of Rhys ap Tewdwr). Surviving documents refer to the site as a 'manor' belonging to Cistercian Abbey of Llantarnam in Gwent and the first mention of Penrhys was in a document regarding a grant of land to the abbey in 1203. The manor may have originally been an outlying sheep farm or grange, but by the 15th century had become a place of pilgrimage. The manor consisted of three large buildings, a well, chapel and hostelry; the hostelry probably created as a service and commercial undertaking to accommodate the pilgrims.
Ffynnon Fair.
Ffynnon Fair (also: Ffynon Mair), St. Mary's Well, is a holy well which lies on the hillside overlooking the village of Llwynypia. The well has been the focus of religious activity in Penrhys and is the oldest recorded Christian site in the Rhondda. It is recognised by some historians that the site may date back further, and could be pagan in origin. The waters from the well were believed to have the ability to cure ailments, particularly rheumatism and poor eyesight, and were reported by Rhisiart ap Rhys as:
'""There are rippling waters at the top of the rock<br>
"'Farewell to every ailment that desires them!<br>
White wine runs in the rill,<br>
That can kill pain and fatigue!"
A vaulted stone building was built around the well which, although heavily restored, still exists today. The structure over the well is entirely built of local Pennant Sandstone, with one side built into the sloping hillside. The interior of the small rectangular building consists of stone benches around three walls; a cistern occupies the south wall. A niche in the north wall was said to have held a statue of Mary. The floor is paved with dressed flagstones.
The Shrine of "Our Lady".
Legend tells that a statue of the Virgin Mary appeared in the branches of an oak tree near to the holy well. The statue was said to have been incredibly beautiful and a gift from heaven. Many people tried to remove the statue from the tree but it resisted all attempts to the point where 'Eight oxen could not have drawn the Image of Penrhys from its place...' The statue would only allow itself to be retrieved once the chapel and shrine were built. The original statue survived at Penrhys until 1538 when, under Henry VIII's dissolution of the monasteries, Bishop Latimer wrote to Thomas Cromwell suggesting the destruction of the shrine. With the shrine burned during the night, the statue was taken to London where it was publicly burned with other religious artifacts.
The Shrine of Our Lady was still visited throughout the following centuries with records showing devotion up until 1842; though by this date little of the original shrine survived. In the early 20th century Miss M. M. Davies of Llantrisant, a Catholic convert, supplied funds for the construction of a memorial church to be built at nearby Ferndale. She would also procure a wooden replica of the original Statue of Penrhys, which is still housed at the church. In 1936, Rev P.J. Gibbons, parish priest of the church at Ferndale revived the pilgrimages and in 1939 the Rhondda Borough Council, recognising the importance of the site, took measures to restore and protect the Holy Well. On July 2, 1953, a new statue was revealed by Archbishop McGrath at the site of the old chapel. Standing on a plinth and although much larger than the original, was carved from Portland stone using the descriptions left behind in medieval Welsh poetry. More than 20,000 people attended the first pilgrimage after the erection of the new statue. Due to its religious importance, Penrhys is part of the Cistercian Way, and many people still make pious pilgrimages to the site every year.
Penrhys chapel.
Penrhys chapel was originally built as part of the manor. Little remains of the building, though excavations in 1912 discovered that the chapel was made up of a nave and chancel divided by a cross-wall, with a series of buttresses on the outside of the nave. This original building was at some time destroyed or demolished and a new chapel rebuilt on the original foundations. Dressed stones and fragments of green glass discovered at the site place the chapel at no earlier than the 14th century. The site now houses the modern statue of the Virgin Mary.
Transportation.
Penrhys is served by the B4512 linking it to the A4058 at Ystrad Rhondda to the west and to the A4233 and Tylorstown to the east. Penrhys has no local railway station.
Sport.
Penrhys has its own golf course.

</doc>
<doc id="18394738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394738" title="Jose F. Lacaba">
Jose F. Lacaba

Jose Maria Flores Lacaba, Jr., better known as Jose F. Lacaba, is a Filipino poet, journalist, and screenwriter. He was conferred the "Aruna Vasudev Lifetime Achievement Award for Writing on Cinema" during 10th Osian's Cinefan Festival held in New Delhi, India on 11 July 2008.
He is currently the executive editor of Summit Media's "YES! Magazine".
Sir Pete (as he is often called) has written the screenplays of award winning feature films that have been shown at various international film festivals, including Cannes, Venice and Toronto. His screenplay credits include "Jaguar", "This Is My Country", "Fight for Us", "Sister Stella L.", "Eskapo", "Segurista", and "Rizal in Dapitan".

</doc>
<doc id="18394746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394746" title="1101 New York Avenue">
1101 New York Avenue

1101 New York Avenue is a high-rise building located in Washington, D.C., United States. Its construction was completed in 2007. The structure rises to , containing 12 floors. The building is tied for the 15th tallest building in Washington D.C.
The building houses Google's public policy offices.

</doc>
<doc id="18394752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394752" title="Amphistium">
Amphistium

Amphistium paradoxum, the only species classified under the genus Amphistium, is a fossil fish which has been identified as an early relative of the flatfish, and as a transitional fossil. In a typical modern flatfish, the head is asymmetric with both eyes on one side of the head. In "Amphistium", the transition from the typical symmetric head of a vertebrate is incomplete, with one eye placed near the top of the head.
"Amphistium" is among the many fossil fish species known from the Monte Bolca "Lagerstätte" of Lutetian Italy. "Heteronectes" is a related, and very similar fossil from a slightly earlier strata of France.

</doc>
<doc id="18394790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394790" title="Stothert &amp; Pitt">
Stothert &amp; Pitt

Stothert & Pitt were a British engineering company founded in 1785 in Bath, England. They were the builders of a variety of engineering products ranging from Dock cranes to construction plant and household cast iron items. They went out of business in 1989. The name and intellectual property became part of Clarke Chapman.
History.
The company was founded by George Stothert in 1785 having taken over Thomas Harris's ironmonger's business. He was an agent for Abraham Darby I's Coalbrookdale Iron Company, selling all types of domestic ironmongery. By 1815 they set up their own foundry as Abraham Darby had opened his own warehouse in Bristol. The company was now managed by his son, also George. In 1851 they exhibited a hand crane at the Great Exhibition.
Building the 35 ton Fairbairn steam crane for Bristol docks in 1876, to an improved design by William Fairbairn. The boiler maker's plate reads "Marshall Sons & Co. Ltd., Engineers, Gainsboro, England, No.92766".
In 1837, Henry Stothert, brother of the younger George, began manufacturing steam locomotives in Bristol, first as "Henry Stothert & Co.", later and better known as "Avonside".
Robert Pitt joined the company in 1844 and the firm became Stothert and Pitt. The firm became a limited company early in the 20th century.
The 20th Century.
Building Rail cranes for export to the colonies.
Electric dock cranes.
Stothert and Pitt supplied their earliest electric powered crane to Southampton Dock Authority in 1892. Electric power provided several advantages: powerful motors could be placed in each crane and powered centrally, without requiring a separate prime mover (i.e. steam engine and boiler) in each crane. The crane mechanisms were also lighter, allowing them to be placed on raised carriages that could then straddle a railway freight line- the portal crane. Rather than requiring a bare strip of unused quayside between the railway line and the harbour wall to leave space for cranes, the railway could now be brought right to the dock edge. Cranes were also available immediately, without waiting for boilers to raise steam. Most importantly though (and an advantage over centrally powered hydraulic cranes), electric cranes were now mobile along the dock edge on their own rail lines. Rather than ships queueing for a single berth space alongside a fixed crane, cranes could be brought to each ship's hold hatches as needed. This made a single crane far more efficient, in terms of cargo handled per day. Soon such mobile electric cranes were near universal.
Five examples of electric cranes provided in 1951 have been preserved by Bristol Museum Service at Princes Wharf.
Level-luffing cranes.
In 1912, Stothert & Pitt's design team, led by Claude Topliss, developed an improved design of level luffing gear, which greatly improved the speed and efficiency of cargo handling cranes fitted with it. . This used an arrangement of compensating hoist cables to automatically keep the hook, and load, level as the jib was luffed up and down.
Bulk handling cranes.
As cranes became more common in docks, and as ships became bigger, they also became more specialised. In 1927, Stothert & Pitt produced the first bulk-handling crane. Rather than a simple hook that could handle a range of slung loads, this was a crane designed around the use of an integral grab. Working the grab requires extra cable or cables from the crane jib, so these are a whole specialised design. The first was to unload coal at a power station in London.
Another innovation was the kangaroo crane. Rather than slewing (rotating) the crane to reach the delivery hopper on-shore, a kangaroo crane has its own in-built hopper beneath the jib, that slews with it. Dumping the grab contents into the hopper now only requires the quicker luffing movement, without needing to slew.
Wartime.
In July 1915 the company took over the construction of the Pedrail Landship, an attempt to create an armoured fighting vehicle for use on the Western Front. The machine, designed by Colonel R.E.B. Crompton, a consultant to the Landships Committee, ran on a pair of pedrail tracks in tandem. It was intended to mount an armoured body on the chassis so that a party of troops could be carried across no-man's-land. After the Landships Committee decided against the machine, the War Office transferred construction to S&P, with a view to completing it as a mobile flame-thrower. The finished chassis was handed over to the Trench Warfare Department in August, but no further development took place.
During World War II the company built tanks and miniature submarines for the War Office, as well as armaments.
Tank design.
The Challenger tank was a development of the Cromwell tank chassis, so as to take the more powerful 17 Pounder gun. Stothert & Pitt not only built this tank, they also designed the modifications. Lengthening the chassis from 5 roadwheels to 6 was no difficulty for such an engineering firm, but designing armoured fighting vehicles was new to them and their results weren't entirely successful. The new turret for Challenger carried the gun and its higher recoil well enough, but only by being nearly twice the height of other turrets for this chassis - making the overall tank a much easier target. The A30 (Avenger) tank destroyer was a similar development of a 17pdr gun on the same lengthened chassis, but had an open-topped turret 2 feet lower than the Challenger. During development of Challenger, the prototype turret was first mounted on the even more leviathan TOG 2.
Post-war.
By 1974 they had built 30,000 single drum pedestrian rollers.
Current operations.
The firm was sold to Robert Maxwell's Hollis Group in 1986. Following the collapse of Maxwell's empire a management buy out was undertaken in 1988. But this failed and the company closed in 1989, resulting in all the works shutting down. The Stothert & Pitt name was sold to Langley Holdings, which now belongs to the NEI group owners of Clarke Chapman, and is operated for Dock crane consultancy. Despite ceasing all manufacturing operations, the company existing for consultancy, reference and repairs from their new headquarters at the Bradman Lake offices in Bristol.
Stothert & Pitt moved from Bath to Bristol in Summer 2008 and now occupy three office annexes in the Bradman Lake British headquarters on Yelverton Road in Brislington.

</doc>
<doc id="18394791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394791" title="2008 Targa Tasmania">
2008 Targa Tasmania

The 2008 Targa Tasmania was the seventeenth running of the five day Tarmac Rally event. It was held between 15 April 2008 and 20 April 2008 on 38 competitive closed road stages in the state of Tasmania, Australia. It was contested by over 300 competitors breaking the previous record field for the five-day format of 291 in 2002 and 2004. 
Controversy.
Targa racers just 'hoons and bandits'.
Angry Hobart aldermen branded Targa Tasmania as "organised hooning" and its competitors "environmental bandits". Eva Ruzicka and Bill Harvey came out firing in their decision not to approve a proposed Targa stage on the Domain in April. Targa boss Mark Perry said if the Domain stage did not go ahead, there would be no plans for a 2009 stage. The council refused to agree on a night stage in 2007 and the Domain stage was axed.
Skelta robbed of Targa podium.
Vandersee/Kelley were penalised for stopping to offer assistance to the crew of a crashed car near lunchtime on day four. This penalty ultimately cost the Skelta team its first podium in the Targa Tasmania tarmac event. The seven second penalty ultimately pushed the hard charging team to a four second deficit behind the Subaru crew of Dean Herridge and Glenn McNeal.

</doc>
<doc id="18394805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394805" title="Weaver's House Museum">
Weaver's House Museum

The Weaver’s House is a unique example of the 18th-century craftsman architecture. Located in Bielsko-Biała, it is situated in the Old Uptown in a log cabin with its characteristic hay store. The building is a museum branch belonging to the Museum in Bielsko-Biała.
The building functioned as a house and a workshop until the beginnings of the 20th century. The information about its tenants is incomplete. In the second half of the 18th century it certainly was the Bartke family’s and in the 19th century the Bathelts’. From 1873 the owner of the building was Carl Nowak and after his death - Marie, the widow. At the beginning of the 20th century it belonged to the local shoemaker, Antoni Polończyk After the World War II the building became a tenement house until Antoni’s son, Wiktor Polończyk, donated it to the Polish State in 1974 in order to establish a museum there. When in 1992 the long-lasting renovation works finished, the District Museum in Bielsko-Biała opened the exhibition to the public.
Museum Exhibition.
The Museum exhibition presents the interiors of the house and the workshop belonging to a guild master – the highest in rank guild representative. They show what it looked like at the turn of the 19th century, when the importance and greatness of the handicraft (in terms of the textile industry) lessened because of the sudden and rapid introduction of machines.
The hallway divides the building into two parts: the workshop on the left and the living area on the right. The workshop' is the largest room, containing objects connected with the weaver’s work. The most impressive is the large harness loom dating back to the 18th century used for making wool textiles and there are also devices used for warping. A part of this room was devoted for the office work which consisted in handling the guild matters and settling disputes between craftsmen. All documents, guild heirlooms and the iron coffer used as the guild strongbox are stored here. The workshop also served as an apprentice's bedroom, that is why there is some of his equipment next to the stove.
From the workshop the hallway leads to the kitchen - the place of everyday family and social life. This room holds dishes, kitchen utensils and everyday use objects as well as objects connected with weaving. There is a small loom (19th century) and the visitors have a chance to see how it works. Besides you can see a spinning wheel and a reel.
Next to the kitchen there is a bedroom and a sort of living room, used only on special occasions, whitewashed, arranged with veneered furniture from the turn of the 19th century.
As a supplement to the exhibition on the display there are Jan Wałach’s woodcuts presenting weavers at work.

</doc>
<doc id="18394807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394807" title="Nepal Dalit Utthan Manch">
Nepal Dalit Utthan Manch

Nepal Dalit Utthan Manch () is a Nepalese Dalit movement, linked to the Nepal Sadbhavana Party (Anandidevi). Sebal Ram is the president of the organisation.

</doc>
<doc id="18394812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394812" title="Lu Guang (painter)">
Lu Guang (painter)

Lu Guang (); was a Chinese landscape painter and poet during the Yuan Dynasty (1271–1368). His specific birth and death dates are not known.
Lu was born in Suzhou in the Jiangsu province. His style name was 'Jihong' (季弘) and his pseudonym was 'Tian Yousheng' (天游生). Lu's painting followed the style of Huang Gongwang and Wang Meng.

</doc>
<doc id="18394813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394813" title="Cable Liner">
Cable Liner

The Cable Liner and Cable Liner Shuttle is a range of automated people mover (APM) products designed by DCC Doppelmayr Cable Car for use at airports, in city centres, intermodal passenger transport connections, park and ride facilities, campuses, resorts and amusement parks.
The design is notable for superseding the Maglev transport at system Birmingham International Airport which was, at the time, the world’s only commercial Maglev system. The technology was used for the new "AirRail Link" on the existing Maglev guideway to replace the previous system and temporary bus-service shuttle that had been operating in the meantime.
Technology and system features.
The automated people mover (APM) systems are based on cable-propelled technology. Distances up to and a peak passenger flow of up to 7,000 pphpd (people per hour per direction) are possible.
Cable propelled.
In a cable-propelled APM system, a central station powers the system. A fixed grip assembly connects the train to the cable. The cable propels, accelerates, decelerates and brakes the train. The train has no on-board drive engines, gearboxes or brakes.
Fully automated.
Because the system is automated, there are no drivers, conductors or on-board operators. The system operation is monitored from a central control room. Remote equipment diagnosis, by means of a telecommunication link, is possible.
Evacuation system.
The evacuation system is based on an independent stationary diesel emergency drive that would pull a stranded train back to the station, eliminating the need for an emergency walkway. Trains like these can be also used for different purposes such as moving trailers and barge loaders
Train vehicles.
The train's drive machinery is isolated from the train environment, therefore, noise levels along the track and in the station platforms are very low and there are no emissions.
Guideway.
The APM uses a self-supporting steel guideway. It is a light steel guideway, which is possible because of the use of lighter trains. The track consists of an I-beam which forms the running and guiding surface. The guideway superstructure is a steel framework construction. The guideway does not require heating in harsh winter conditions. Steel adapters between the steel truss guideway and the concrete columns allow height adjustments to compensate for ground settlements. The track can span more than 67 m (220 ft).
Design.
The train has same look either way it is operated. The middle cars are identical and the end cars are mirror images.
The car is a self-supporting lightweight design with extruded aluminium box-type profile sections. The integral monocoque structure is bolted and riveted and joint connections are aluminium castings. The aluminium sections are made of high-grade, corrosion-resistant alloy. The undercarriage supports are integrated into the car body and take the form of cavity-sealed tubular steel frames. The design is torsion-free. The vehicle interior is predominantly aluminium, with no heat release.
Configurations.
There are four main system configurations.
Single Shuttle system.
This is the simplest configuration, with one train operating in reversible mode on one guideway track, with low passenger capacity and headway time demand.
Double Shuttle system.
The Double Shuttle system configuration is designed for system lengths up to 3 km with several stations. It allows higher passenger capacitiy and higher frequency (shorter headway).
In this configuration, two trains run side by side on a double guideway track, each with its own haul rope and drive machinery. The two trains operate independently. This ensures high system reliability because even if one single shuttle system fails, the other system continues to operate.
Single Bypass system.
In this system, only one guideway enters each end station, but movable switches direct trains onto dual tracks between stations so they can pass one another en route. The bypass must be located approximately in the middle of two terminal end stations, and can form part of an intermediate station. This configuration is comparable to the Double Shuttle system in terms of capacity and frequency (headway). Either each train has its own haul rope or both trains are attached to the same haul rope depending on the application requirements(station configuration, system length, etc.).
Pinched Loop system.
This system creates a circular train flow where more than one train moves in the same direction. The principle of this system is based on several rope loops which adjoin and overlap each other in the stations. Every haul rope loop is supplied with its own drive and return machinery. In every station each vehicle of the train has to be disconnected from the actual haul rope to the next haul rope in order to continue the circular and synchronized train flow. The haul rope loop change may occur only when all the trains are positioned at the standard stop position in the stations and are standstill and will be carried out during boarding/de-boarding of the passengers. Switches installed at the end stations will guide the train from one lane of the double lane track over to a single guideway in the end stations. During the station stop the switch will be repositioned that the train can leave the station at the other lane of the double lane track. For the functionality of the Pinched Loop concept the stations spans have to be approximately equidistant from each other.

</doc>
<doc id="18394824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394824" title="1973–74 Atlanta Hawks season">
1973–74 Atlanta Hawks season

The 1973-74 Atlanta Hawks season was the 28th season of the franchise, 60th in the National Basketball Association (NBA). Although "Pistol" Pete Maravich finished second in the league in scoring with 27.7 points per game, the Hawks missed the playoffs for the first time in 12 seasons. Following the season, the Hawks would trade Maravich to the expansion New Orleans Jazz in exchange for Dean Meminger, Bob Kauffman, and four draft picks.

</doc>
<doc id="18394826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394826" title="Ortai">
Ortai

Silin-gioro Ortai (Manchu: ᠰᡳᠯᡳᠨ ᡤᡳᠣᡵᠣ ᠣᡵᡨᠠᡳ; ) (1677–1745) was an eminent Chinese official at court from the Silin Gioro, belonging to the Bordered Blue Banner, during the Qing Dynasty (1644–1911). He was a famous mandarin during the reign of the Yongzheng Emperor (1722–1735) of the Qing Dynasty who was also served Yongzheng's in governing the southern areas in his role in various regional governing positions, the Qianlong Emperor highly praise Ortai was “He was the No. 1 of doctors from　the Qing Dynasty.”
He was appointed the Viceroy of Yun-Gui in 1723. Along with Tian Wenjing and Li Wei, Manchu Ortai was one of the Emperor's most trusted officials. In September 1745, while visiting "Qinling" tombs with the Qianlong Emperor, and died at the age of 68. The Emperor commemorated Ortai.

</doc>
<doc id="18394840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394840" title="David A. Kaplan">
David A. Kaplan

David A. Kaplan is an American writer and journalist. He works for Fortune magazine, after a 20-year career at Newsweek, where he wrote dozens of cover stories, as well as edited the annual Newsweek-Kaplan College Guide. Among his cover pieces at Newsweek: the New Rich of Silicon Valley, the Most Hated Man in Baseball, profiles of Justices Clarence Thomas and William Brennan, the Selling of Star Wars, the birth of Netscape, the Great Home Run Chase of 1998, the Return of the Hale-Bopp Comet, and the Secret Vote That Made George W. Bush President. His Newsweek cover story in 2006 broke the notorious Hewlett-Packard boardroom spying scandal involving venture capitalist Tom Perkins, which led to Congressional hearings and California state indictments. That story was a finalist for a Gerald Loeb Award, the most prestigious prize in business journalism. The following year, Kaplan won a Loeb for the book "Mine's Bigger," a biography of Perkins and the revolutionary sailboat he created. Kaplan also broke stories about how Bush v. Gore might have just gone the other way and about how the administration of death warrants in Florida executions was being manipulated for political purposes by the governor.
For Fortune, Kaplan profiles have included Charlie Rose, David Geffen, Shaquille O'Neal, Howard Schultz (of Starbucks), Ralph Nader, Marc Benioff (of Salesforce.com), David Boies, Dennis Kozlowski in prison, SAS, Haagen-Daz, Shake Shack, Mars Candy, Chipotle, Lou Dobbs, the former Hollywood agent Michael Ovitz, education entrepreneur Sal Khan, and Hostess Twinkies in bankruptcy. In July 2011, he wrote the much-debated cover story on "Tech Bubble 2.0." He's worked for a day on the Monopoly assembly line at Hasbro, at an Aeropostale register on Black Friday, and atop an asphalt tank at NuStar Energy. He also writes an occasional education column for the magazine.
His writing has also appeared on the New York Times Op-Ed Page, and in Food & Wine, Parenting, Wired, Worth and the Washington Post. In 1988, he was a finalist for the Livingston Award, which recognizes excellence by journalists than under 35; Kaplan's piece in the National Law Journal, "Death Row Dilemma," was about the strange case of William Henry Drake, who came within hours of electrocution despite two lawyers knowing he had not in fact killed anybody; the story explored how attorney-client confidentiality can lead to astonishing results.
Kaplan also teaches First Amendment law and ethics at New York University. He is a graduate of Cornell University and the New York University School of Law. During the 1994-1995 academic year, he was a John S. Knight fellow in journalism at Stanford University. Kaplan lives north of New York City with his wife, attorney Audrey S. Feinberg, and their two sons.
Kaplan has appeared frequently on television on such programs as the Today Show, Nightline, Charlie Rose, and CNN Inside Politics. He also speaks at private corporate and government events.
In April 2011, for a Fortune story, he auditioned to be the new voice of the Aflac duck in TV commercials. [http://money.cnn.com/video/news/2011/04/05/n_aflac_duck_auditions.cnnmoney/?iid=HLM] Alas, out of 12,500 contestants, he wound up finishing No. 5.
Before becoming a journalist, Kaplan was a litigator at a Wall Street law firm. He was an intern with the U.S. Attorney's Office in Manhattan and an intern at the White House Press Office during the Carter Administration.

</doc>
<doc id="18394842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394842" title="Anna Melato">
Anna Melato

Anna Melato (Born May 18, 1952 Milan) is an Italian actress, singer and voice actor. She sang Nino Rota's Canzone arrabbiata and El Tunin. 
She is the sister of Mariangela Melato. She currently resides in Rome.

</doc>
<doc id="18394843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394843" title="Fujimino Station">
Fujimino Station

Lines.
Fujimino Station is served by the Tobu Tojo Line from in Tokyo, with some services inter-running via the Tokyo Metro Yurakucho Line to and the Tokyo Metro Fukutoshin Line to and onward via the Tokyu Toyoko Line and Minato Mirai Line to . Located between and , it is 24.2 km from the Ikebukuro terminus. All services except "Rapid express" services stop at this station.
Station layout.
The station consists of two island platforms serving four tracks. Platforms 1 and 4 are generally used by slower stopping trains overtaken by faster limited-stop trains.
History.
The station opened on 15 November 1993.
Through-running to and from via the Tokyo Metro Fukutoshin Line commenced on 14 June 2008.
From 17 March 2012, station numbering was introduced on the Tobu Tojo Line, with Fujimino Station becoming "TJ-18".
Through-running to and from and via the Tokyu Toyoko Line and Minatomirai Line commenced on 16 March 2013.
Passenger statistics.
In fiscal 2010, the station was used by an average of 61,542 passengers daily.
Bus services.
Since 17 July 2008, there is a direct express bus service to/from Narita Airport (via Shiki and Asakadai Stations). The bus stop is on the west side of the station.

</doc>
<doc id="18394858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394858" title="Worrawoot Srimaka">
Worrawoot Srimaka

Worrawoot Srimaka (Thai วรวุฒิ ศรีมะฆะ) is a former Thai football player. He is a Striker who scored 29 goals for the national team. Currently, He has head coach for Chonburi in Thailand Premier League.
Club career.
His career began in 1991 at Worrawoot the Thai Farmers Bank F.C. and reached with the club at the start of his young career, the greatest successes. He has been with the club three times champion. Twice won the AFC Champions League twice and the Queen's Cup. In 1996 he moved to BEC Tero Sasana F.C. with whom he was also champion twice. In 2003 he again reached the final of the AFC Champions League. In both games of the finals he was in the starting line. In the end, they lost to return to the game Al Ain FC. in 1998 and he was top scorer in each of the 2001–02 Thai League. 2002-03 he went to Malaysia for a short time for Kelantan FA. He could not prevent the end of the season the team failed to qualify for the new premier league however. Back at BEC-Tero he moved to Vietnam in 2004 to Binh Dinh F.C.. With the club he played 2005 once again in the Champions League. His goal in the group match against the Krung Thai Bank F.C. mean for Bình Định the first victory in the Champions League after 9 win lots of games in a row In 2007 he returned to Thailand and first played Chonburi F.C.. In the summer of 2008, he finally moved to Customs Department FC and ended his playing career there.
International career.
He is considered as one of good player in South East Asia. Srimaka is 2nd place overall top goalscorer in Asean Football Championship. He is the player when Thai hosted the Tiger Cup in 2000, and won the tournament as it powered through the competition, ending with a hat-trick by Thai player Worrawoot Srimaka to clinch a decisive 4-1 win over Indonesia. Worrawoot also finished the tournament as a joint top-scorers with Indonesia's Gendut Doni Christiawan with 5 goals each.
International goals.
Honours.
Thailand
Clubs
"Thai Farmer Bank"
"BEC Tero Sasana"
"Chonburi FC"
Thai league Top Score ; 1997, 2001–02

</doc>
<doc id="18394862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394862" title="Windy Point">
Windy Point

Windy Point may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18394864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394864" title="Hope and Desire">
Hope and Desire

Hope and Desire is the sixth studio album by Susan Tedeschi. It was released on October 11, 2005, on the Verve Forecast label. The album is a slight step away from Tedeschi's electrifing compositions and wild guitar work, as she concentrates on singing. All songs on Hope and Desire are covers of famous soul standards.

</doc>
<doc id="18394891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394891" title="Chen Lin (painter)">
Chen Lin (painter)

Chen Lin (; ca. 1260–1320); was a Chinese landscape painter during the Yuan Dynasty (1271–1368). His specific birth and death dates are not known.
Chen was born in Hangzhou in the Zhejiang province. His style name was 'Zhongmei'. Chen was instructed by Zhao Mengfu. He specialized in landscape, human figure, and bird-and-flower paintings, and his style utilized bold and vigorous strokes with light colors. 

</doc>
<doc id="18394896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394896" title="Matoba Station">
Matoba Station

Lines.
Matoba Station is served by the Kawagoe Line between and , and is located 4.8 km from Kawagoe. Services operate every 20 minutes during the daytime, with some services continuing to and from on the Hachikō Line.
Station layout.
The station consists of an island platform serving two tracks. Many trains cross here on the otherwise single line.
History.
The station opened on 22 July 1940.
Passenger statistics.
In fiscal 2011, the station was used by an average of 2,894 passengers daily (boarding passengers only). The passenger figures for previous years are as shown below.
Surrounding area.
Matoba Station is approximately a 10-minute walk from the Kawagoe-Matoba Bus Stop on the Kan-Etsu Expressway, which is served by long-distance bus services operated by Seibu Bus to destinations including Niigata, Toyama, Nagano, Karuizawa, and Kanazawa.

</doc>
<doc id="18394899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394899" title="Amy Biehl Foundation Trust">
Amy Biehl Foundation Trust

The Amy Biehl Foundation Trust is a not-for-profit organization based in Cape Town, set up to commemorate Amy Biehl, an American anti-apartheid activist who was killed during racial violence in South Africa in 1993. 
The foundation works to fulfill three rights in the South African Constitution: the right to education, the right to equal employment, and the right to health. The foundation's mission statement is "to weave a barrier against violence" and "to prevent youth violence through a holistic approach to community development in socio-economically disadvantaged communities in and around Cape Town." It aims to do so by empowering the youths of the townships around Cape Town, mainly through after-school programs with activities like music, dance, drama, sports, crafts and HIV/AIDS peer education. These programs are running at several township-schools every afternoon, and in addition the foundation runs weekly activities outside the townships for some of the children, and they also have Saturday and Holiday programs. The Foundation is heavily dependent on donations for funding, but they are also trying to run some sustainability projects in order to get more reliable funding sources.
Linda Biehl, Amy's mother and a founder of the trust, speaks on the promise of restorative justice, and continues the work of the foundation. She was awarded the Order of the Companions of O. R. Tambo (bronze class) in 2008 by South African President Thabo Mbeki.
Two of the four men convicted for Biehl's murder, Easy Nofemela and Ntobeko Peni, have since reconciled with her parents, and are now working for the Foundation in South Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="18394906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394906" title="Carlos Hoenen">
Carlos Hoenen

Carlos Hoenen was a German photographer who lived in Brazil during the 19th century. Little is known about his biography, only that he kept an atelier of photography in São Paulo called "Photographia Allemã" ("German Photography"). Inaugurated in 1875, it remained active during ten years, a period in which it is presumed that he took more than nine thousand photos.

</doc>
<doc id="18394907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394907" title="Methodist Episcopal Church South (Corvallis, Montana)">
Methodist Episcopal Church South (Corvallis, Montana)

The Methodist Episcopal Church South, also known as the Corvallis United Methodist Church, is a historic Methodist church at the junction of Cemetery Road (formerly First Street) and Eastside Highway in Corvallis, Montana. The church, built in 1894, was organized as a congregation of the old Methodist Episcopal Church, South, which in 1939 merged with what is now the United Methodist Church. On November 24, 1997, the church building was added to the National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="18394943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394943" title="Joakim Nilsson (javelin)">
Joakim Nilsson (javelin)

Joakim Nilsson (born March 30, 1971) is a Swedish former All-American javelin thrower who competed for the Alabama Crimson Tide, 1991-1995. At the end of his career, he was awarded the prestigious Bryant Student Athlete Award (1995), named after Paul "Bear" Bryant. Joakim's younger brother, Mats Nilsson, carried on the strong family tradition and won the NCAA Division 1 javelin title in 1997 for the University of Alabama.

</doc>
<doc id="18394960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394960" title="Krishnaswamy Srinivasan">
Krishnaswamy Srinivasan

Krishnaswamy Srinivasan(also known as Prime Point Srinivasan) (born in 1951) is a Public Relations and Communication consultant at Chennai. He is the founder and chairman of Prime Point Foundation, a non profit public trust promoting PR and Communication awareness.
Background.
After serving 27 years in banking industry (Indian Bank and Corporation Bank) at different levels, he started his own PR consultancy services in 1998. During 1994, he founded the Public Sector Public Relations Forum at Chennai to bring together all the PR professionals in Public Sector Organisations. In 1999, he also founded Prime Point Foundation to promote PR awareness. Prime Point Foundation is engaged in online and offline activities to impart communication, journalism. PR and social media education and awareness. He is a visiting faculty in many of the educational institutions and universities on Communication, Journalism, PR and Social Media related subjects.
He has founded Sansad Ratna Award through Prime Point Foundation. The Awards are presented to top performing Members of Indian Lok Sabha every year since 2010 during April / May.
Online groups.
• Image Management (for global PR, communication, journalism and social media professionals)
• Prpoint (for Indian PR, Journalism and communication and social media professionals)
• New Media Forum (for India journalists)
• India Vision 2020 (to bring together the youth towards Nation building)
Awards and recognitions.
• 1999 - Bank of Baroda Award for creating PR awareness amongst Public Sector organizations
• 2007 - Global Forum for Public Relations (GFPR) Award for contribution to Social Media Awareness 
• 2007 - Association of Business Communicators of India (ABCI) Award – Gold Award under Corporate Ezine category 
• 2008 - Public Relations Council of India (PRCI) Award - Communicator of the Year Award for the ezine 

</doc>
<doc id="18394961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394961" title="Nepal Dalit Sangh (Prajatantrik)">
Nepal Dalit Sangh (Prajatantrik)

Nepal Dalit Sangh (Prajatantrik) () was a Nepalese Dalit movement linked to the Nepali Congress (Democratic). NDS(P) was formed through a split away from the Nepal Dalit Sangh. Shambuhajara Paswan was the general secretary of NSD(P). 
With the reunification of NC and NC(D) in 2007, the NDS and NDS(P) were also reunified.

</doc>
<doc id="18394973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394973" title="The Little Man (The Pink Panther)">
The Little Man (The Pink Panther)

The Little Man, was a regular character who appeared in the original "Pink Panther" shorts created by David DePatie and Friz Freleng.
History.
The Little Man first appeared in 1964 in the first entry of the "Pink Panther" animated series, "The Pink Phink". The character was the perfect foil for the Pink Panther and would appear in the series throughout its 16-year duration.
The Little Man appears in various roles throughout the entire original series. He seldom speaks and has a distinctive big nose, and is usually white, but sometimes skin colored. Sometimes he seems to be totally naked, at other times he wears a costume fitting to his profession in the picture (or at least a hat). Strangely the Little Man's nudity did not trigger any controversy due to inappropriateness of nudity in children's animation, probably because his character design didn't have a lot of anatomical detail, which includes the character lacking genitals and buttocks. Several cartoons depict him with a white dog as his pet.
The Little Man is often said to be a caricature of Friz Freleng, with his mustache, short stature, and equally short temper. (These same characteristics of Freleng had previously served as an inspiration for Freleng's Warner Bros. cartoon character Yosemite Sam.)
The Little Man appeared in the 1993 TV series, The Pink Panther where he is voiced by Wallace Shawn. He goes by various names as well as filing various roles as he does in the shorts. In the series, he's skin-colored.
The Little Man also appears in the Cartoon Network show "Pink Panther and Pals" as a main character and main antagonist in the entire series (here renamed as "Big Nose"), he always has a plan to get rid of the teenaged Panther in an antagonistic manner, or if he is annoying him, but Pink Panther winds up foiling his plans. Sometimes his dog tries to get rid of the Pink Panther only to side with the feline later on in the short.

</doc>
<doc id="18394990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18394990" title="Compagnie van Verre">
Compagnie van Verre

The Compagnie van Verre ("long-distance company") was a forerunner of the Dutch East India Company.
History.
It was set up in 1594 by nine citizens of Amsterdam, to break Portugal's monopoly on the pepper trade. To do this, it sent an expedition of three heavily armed ships and a pinnace under the leadership of Cornelis de Houtman, with orders to break into the trade. (Cornelis' brother Frederik also worked for the Company.) On 2 April 1595 the ships set off from Texel, with 248 officers and men on board. The expedition (which became known as the First Schipvaart) followed the routes described by Jan Huygen van Linschoten after he had made the journey in the pay of the Portuguese. On 6 June 1596 the ships arrived at Bantam, the most important pepper port on Java. During the return trip, on 11 January 1597, the "Amsterdam" was badly damaged and had to be left behind at the island of Bawean. On 14 August 1597 the expedition arrived back in Amsterdam with only 87 survivors. The voyage was not a success commercially, but it proved that not only the Portuguese had the potential to trade in pepper.
In 1598 the "Compagnie van Verre" merged with the "Nieuwe Compagnie" and in 1597 with the "Oude Compagnie". The resulting company then merged with the "Nieuwe Brabantsche Compagnie" in 1601 to form the "Verenigde Amsterdamse Compagnie", which in turn merged with many other companies (including the "Verenigde Zeeuwse Compagnie") in 1602 into the Dutch East India Company (VOC), retaining a room in the VOC's chambers in Amsterdam.

</doc>
<doc id="18395000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395000" title="Elena Tonetta">
Elena Tonetta

Elena Tonetta (born 8 June 1988 in Rovereto) is an Italian archer.
In 2005 she was the Junior European Champion, winning at Silkeborg (Denmark). She won the second place in the final of the Junior World Cup, at Mérida (Mexico) in 2006. A year later she won the Italian National Championship in Castenaso and in 2008 she got the bronze medal in the individual game at the European XI European and Mediterranean Indoor Archery Championships.
2008 Summer Olympics.
At the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing Tonetta finished her ranking round with a total of 595 points. This gave her the 55th seed for the final competition bracket in which she faced 10th seed Ana Rendón in the first round. The archer from Colombia was too strong, but only after an extra round as both archers scored a 106 score in the regular match. In the extra round Rendón scored 10 points and Tonetta 9. Together with Natalia Valeeva and Pia Carmen Lionetti she also took part in the team event. With her 595 score from the ranking round combined with the 634 of Valeeva and the 613 of Lionetti the Italian team was in 9th position after the ranking round. In the first round they were too strong for the team from Chinese Taipei, beating them 215–211. However, in the quarter-final they were eliminated by the eventual gold medalists from South Korea, despite a 217-point score. The Koreans managed to shoot a new world record of 231 points to advance to the semi-final.

</doc>
<doc id="18395021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395021" title="Brabantsche Compagnie">
Brabantsche Compagnie

The Brabant Company (Dutch - "Brabantsche Compagnie"), also known as the New Company ("Nieuwe Compagnie") was a precursor of the Dutch East India Company (VOC).
The Brabantsche Company was set up in 1599, by (among others) Gerard Reynst, a merchant and ship-owner from Amsterdam. In 1600, the Brabantsche Company merged with the Compagnie van Verre to form the Vereenigde Compagnie van Amsterdam. Finally this company and other companies in Rotterdam, West Friesland and Zeeland merged into the VOC in 1602.

</doc>
<doc id="18395038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395038" title="Donna Freedman">
Donna Freedman

Donna Jane Brown (previously Freedman) is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera "Neighbours", played by Margot Robbie. Believing she had performed badly in the audition, Robbie went on holiday to Canada. She then learned she had won the part and had to return to Australia to begin filming. She made her first screen appearance during the episode broadcast on 2 June 2008. Donna was initially introduced as a guest character, but Robbie was promoted to the regular cast shortly after she made her debut. In April 2010, it was revealed that Robbie had told producers she would like to leave when her contract expired at the end of the year. Five months later, it was announced that Robbie had quit "Neighbours" and she departed on 26 January 2011.
Donna was originally portrayed as an obsessive fan of musician Ty Harper (Dean Geyer) and someone who had a desire for friends and acceptance. After befriending the teens of Ramsay Street, Donna changes her ways and matures into a warm, loveable girl. She has been described as being fiery, beautiful, kooky and confident. The character's storylines have seen her develop a relationship with Ringo Brown (Sam Clark), kissing Sunny Lee (Hany Lee), deal with the arrival of her family, searching for her biological father and having an affair with Andrew Robinson (Jordan Smith). The character became popular with viewers and Robbie earned various award nominations for her portrayal of Donna, including two Logie Award nominations. 
Casting.
Margot Robbie auditioned for the role of Donna in 2008. The actress believed that she had performed badly in the audition and decided to leave for a five-week snowboarding holiday in Canada. Robbie had been in Canada for two days when she received a phone call telling her that she had been successful and that she had to return to Australia. Robbie began appearing on-screen in June of that year. Donna was originally supposed to have a guest character role, but Robbie was promoted to regular cast member shortly after her debut.
In April 2010, it was revealed that producers were "battling" to keep Robbie with the show after she told them that she would like to leave when her contract expired at the end of the year. Producers began negotiating with Robbie to renew her contract and a spokesperson said "Margot isn't going anywhere for a long while yet. Producers love the character of Donna Freedman and there's plenty in store for her in the coming months, particularly in terms of her on-off romance with Ringo."
Character development.
Characterisation.
Donna's personality has evolved and developed throughout her time on the show. Donna arrives as an obsessed groupie of Ty Harper (Dean Geyer), who manages to force her way into the Ramsay Street teen group. Donna had no one to turn to and buried her love in the music scene and Ty, who became her focus for love and acceptance. Donna is driven by a fierce need for approval and acceptance, which makes her try too hard. Robbie revealed that she shares some of Donna's characteristics. She said "'s fiery and outgoing and I'm a bit like that. Sometimes I can be too loud and say things when I shouldn't. But I don't stalk people. Other than that, we're kind of similar." 
"TV Week" described Donna as "beautiful and a free spirit who is also a little loud and obnoxious", while the "Metro" called her "kooky." The teens of Ramsay Street warm to her eventually and with their help, Donna changes her ways and becomes accepted. The official "Neighbours" website states that Donna has become a warm, loveable, charming and playful girl. Her integration into the street and the lives of the other residents has matured Donna and she leads the normal life she always wanted. In May 2009, Robbie said that Donna is a "really likeable character" and that she gets to play out funny and crazy storylines while playing her. In November of that year, it was revealed that Robbie had begged the scriptwriters to let Donna go off the rails or go to rehab. Robbie said that she would like a dramatic storyline, but the show's G rating makes it difficult. Robbie also said that she enjoys playing Donna, as she is "great" and a "bit crazy". She added "I'm really glad I get to play her and not an average, boring teenage girl. You can be an average, boring teenage girl every other day of the week. It's fun to be able to say and do these things you normally wouldn't".
Family.
Donna initially lives with and is cared for by her father, Matt Freedman (Benjamin Mitchell), but after he tries to cover up a hit-and-run accident that Donna committed, he tells her that he must leave or face jail. Donna is hurt and humiliated when he leaves her alone. Donna eventually confesses to Elle Robinson (Pippa Black) that Matt has left and Donna moves in with Elle, who later becomes her guardian. At the end of 2008, Donna's younger brother and sister, Simon (Mauricio Merino, Jr.) and Tegan (Chelsea Jones) were introduced to the show. Merino and Jones won three-month contracts with the show through a competition with "Dolly" magazine. It was announced that the siblings would be "Donna's worst nightmare" and they were described as being "cheeky" and "pesky". Robbie said she was looking forward to the arrival of Donna's siblings and developing her character further with their introductions. She added "The more storylines I do, the more real my character becomes. Now, I can do things and relate to her and understand where she's coming from".
Following the introduction of her siblings, Donna's mother was also introduced in February 2009. Australian actress and singer, Tottie Goldsmith was given the role of Cassandra Freedman. Goldsmith described her character as being "manipulative" and "insanely selfish". Donna and her mother were seen clashing on many occasions as Cassandra had hurt her daughter a lot in the past. Cassandra was a young girl when she had Donna and she did not have the maturity to deal with a baby. Goldsmith said that Cassandra "resented Donna and saw her as a threat. Over the years, Cass has hurt Donna so much that her daughter's almost become immune to the way her mother behaves". Goldsmith added that Cassandra is not a "maternal person" and she has not been able to connect with her children. Cassandra moves into the street in a bid to win over wealthy resident, Paul Robinson (Stefan Dennis). She is later driven out of town after she makes her relationship with Donna worse.
Just before Cassandra leaves town, she tells Donna that Matt, the man who raised her, is not her biological father. Cassandra tells Donna that her real father is a man named Nick. In 2009, it was announced that Donna's father had been cast and would be introduced the following year. Brian Vriends was given the role of Nick Nixon. Of the introduction of Brian and Nick, executive producer, Susan Bower said "The Freedman family have provided fantastic drama for us so far and we have lots in store for Brian, it's great to have him with us. This is just one of many, many great storylines we have coming up in 2010". Donna discovers that there are two men that could be her father and she contacts them both. Nick Nixon replies first and Donna begins to believe that he is her father. However, Professor Nicholas McKay (Chris Bunworth) later turns up and Donna becomes confused over the situation. Nicholas has just been released from jail and he is keen to do something right. However, he hurts Donna when he tells her that she is just like her mother and that she will run away. Robbie said "He takes a horrible approach". Nicholas' arrival makes Donna more afraid to find out the results of the DNA test she asked Nick to take. On the situation, Robbie said "She's a hopeless romantic and wants the happily ever after – not only with Ringo, but with her family." The DNA test eventually proves that Nick is her real father.
Bisexuality.
When Robbie first began filming, she was told that Donna was bisexual. Of this Robbie said, "In one of the blocks she is talking to Bridget about their 'first time' and Donna asks Bridget if it was with a guy or girl? I liked the way the writers conveyed that, it was just really subtle and they didn't make a big coming out scene of it. I think it's a good message to send out because it's not such a big deal to lots of people. Not all of them have such drama surrounding it". Donna's first storyline that included this aspect of her character was a kiss between herself and fellow female character, Sunny Lee (Hany Lee). The kiss occurs after Donna discovers that Sunny has been writing the romantic love letters given to her by her boyfriend. Sunny is shocked when Donna leans over and kisses her on the lips, as it is her first kiss. The show's producers called the kiss between Sunny and Donna as "impulsive" and Robbie agreed saying "It's really not a big deal at all. It's not an actual gay storyline, it's just kind of an impulsive peck". The storyline came weeks after rival soap "Home and Away" endured a backlash to its own same-sex romance. 
The storyline received attention from the Australian Family Association, with spokesman John Morrissey saying that he was concerned about TV "normalising" same-sex relationships. Psychologist Dr Janet Hall praised the storyline, saying it allows families to discuss the topic. Bower defended the kiss, which was shot before the "Home and Away" controversy, saying "Ours is a lovely tale about friendship. It's very innocent." She added "If we were going to do a lesbian story – and "Neighbours" is not against lesbian stories – we would do it properly. This is a teenage romance story. There's nothing sexual". In June 2009, Bower was asked if there were any plans to explore Donna's bisexuality, to which she replied that there was not. She said "We're getting an enormous amount of leverage with Donna being the person she is and there's just so much storyline with her and romance with Ringo that I'm not saying it's out of the question, but it's not in any planning stages now".
Relationship with Ringo Brown.
Shortly after her character's arrival on-screen, Robbie said "There is some love coming up for Donna. She gets in to a long term relationship and really falls for someone." Donna first kisses Ringo Brown (Sam Clark) at a kissing booth to get in with the established teen group. Donna and Ringo later begin a relationship, but when Donna wants to take things further, Ringo tells her that he wants to slow things down. Donna believes that she is being rejected and when she hears about Ringo's relationship with Carmella Cammeniti (Natalie Blair) and then sees them together, she confronts Ringo. Ringo then tries to convince Donna that his heart belongs to her. The couple's relationship goes through various problems. During a moment of time together at home, Donna leaves Ringo to retrieve the cat and the house is set alight. Donna is forced to rescue Ringo and drag him outside. After Zeke Kinski (Matthew Werkmeister) returns to Ramsay Street, Ringo believes that Donna had cheated on him with his friend and breaks up with her. Donna then goes to Zeke to seek solace and it leads to a love triangle between the three of them.
Towards the end of 2009, Donna and Ringo's relationship goes through a rocky patch and during schoolies week, Donna sleeps with Andrew Robinson (Jordan Smith). Andrew later turns up in Erinsborough much to Donna's shock. Robbie said that Donna begins to "freak out" because she did not expect to see Andrew again and now he could tell everyone what happened between them. Robbie added "Ringo and Donna were definitely going through a rocky patch for a while, but things were starting to look up. If she comes clean, they might find a way to work through it. But it doesn't look good." Sam Clark said that Ringo and Donna's love for each other is very strong, but he was not sure if it was strong enough to survive a betrayal. Robbie and Clark also said that the couple were heading in different directions career-wise and it would be challenging for them. Donna later begins an affair with Andrew after he helps her out and then puts pressure on her to give in to their attraction. Robbie said that Donna is "flattered" by Andrew's interest in her and when Ringo puts his career before her, Andrew tells Donna what she wants to hear. On Andrew and Donna's compatibility, Robbie said "Andrew's more into the fashion scene than Ringo. He's suave and well-dressed, and he's an apsiring businessman. He's perfect for the world Donna is trying to get into." However, Robbie admitted that Ringo is the perfect guy for Donna as they balance each other out well. Ringo leaves for Sydney after finding out Donna cheated on him and when he returns his relationship with Donna is "frosty". Robbie commented on the ex-couple's future and said "I think at the moment it's quite in the balance. It's right up to the network at the moment as to whether they'll get back together or not." 
Ringo and Donna later get back together and to prove that he loves her, Ringo proposes. In June 2010, it was revealed that the 6000th episode celebrations would see the wedding of Donna and Ringo. News.com reported that producers hoped that the wedding would "recreate the magic" of Scott Robinson (Jason Donovan) and Charlene Mitchell's (Kylie Minogue) 1987 wedding. Robbie said she had "big shoes to fill", but she was honoured to be working on her biggest storyline since she arrived. Clark said that Donna and Ringo had made the decision that they are going to be with each other for life and that they are "going to be solid from now on". On the wedding day, Donna's car breaks down and she is forced to ride in the back of Lucas Fitzgerald's (Scott Major) truck. Donna walks down the aisle to Ringo's version of "Suddenly", the original song played at Scott and Charlene's wedding. Clark added "It's a perfect day, but I can't promise they'll live happily ever after." Donna and Ringo became the 36th couple to get married on the show. A month later, Ringo is knocked down by Stephanie Scully's (Carla Bonner) motorcycle and he dies. Donna is devastated and she stays in her room. Steph comes to visit her and as she is apologising, Donna gets up and hugs her. Of Donna's reaction, Robbie said "Donna is almost in a state of confusion and insists that the whole thing was an accident. Donna is just numb and she doesn't know what to feel."
Departure.
In September 2010, Robbie confirmed rumours that she was to leave "Neighbours" after almost three years. Of her reason to leave Robbie said "I want to go to America; it's always been my goal to work in Hollywood. It's the one stage in my life where I have absolutely nothing holding me down". Robbie filmed her final scenes in October and her character left on-screen in early 2011. Robbie later revealed her character's exit is positive and that Donna departs Ramsay Street for a fashion design school in New York. Robbie said "It is very daunting for Donna at first. Ringo was the one who applied for Donna to do this course – it's like he's doing this one last thing for her." She said that Donna becomes determined to be a success and that it is her last chance to live up to Ringo's expectations of her. Robbie added that she wanted Donna to go to rehab or have a dramatic death, but she got a "boring old happy ending" instead.
Storylines.
Donna comes to Charlie's to see musician Ty Harper, who is her main focus in life. Ty introduces Donna to Rachel Kinski (Caitlin Stasey) and they try to get her to leave. Ringo Brown decides to help Donna make friends. Donna helps to clear an area of the Bush and when a fire breaks out, she is suspected of starting it because of her strange behaviour. Daniel Fitzgerald (Brett Tucker), a school counsellor, talks with Donna, who then decides to transfer to Erinsborough High. There she eventually becomes friends with Rachel and Bridget Parker (Eloise Mignon), and starts dating Ringo. Donna's father, Matt, bans her from seeing Ringo and she steals his car. Donna accidentally hits Nicola West (Imogen Bailey) and her dog, Bronte. However, Donna is initially unaware that she hit Nicola and she and Ringo ask Lucas Fitzgerald to fix the car. When she realises that she also hit Nicola, Donna tells Matt what happened. He tries to frame Lucas to save her, but he is caught and then goes on the run. Elle Robinson takes Donna in and becomes her legal guardian. 
After she stops taking her birth-control pills, Donna believes she may be pregnant. Donna convinces Rachel and Bridget to take pregnancy tests with her. Donna's is negative, but Bridget discovers that she is pregnant. Donna's younger siblings, Simon and Tegan, arrive in Ramsay Street and their mother, Cassandra, follows not long after. Ringo and Donna break up and she becomes closer to Rachel's brother, Zeke. They share a kiss and Donna decides to leave Erinsborough to sort her head out. On her return, she gets back together with Ringo and clashes with her mother. Before Cassandra leaves town, she tells Donna that Matt is not her biological father. Donna creates an online vlog in a bid to find her father and James Linden (Tim Ross) turns up claiming to be Donna's half brother. They take a DNA test and James tells Donna that it confirms they are related. James later transfers Elle's money out of her online bank account and leaves, devastating Donna. Donna meets fashion designer Saffron Jankievicz (Shanyn Asmar) and she is offered an internship with her company. Donna skips school and neglects her friends and chores. She decides to quit and Saffron slaps her. Donna presses charges and Saffron apologises. Donna befriends Kate Ramsay (Ashleigh Brewer) following Rachel's departure and Bridget's death. 
During Schoolies week Donna meets Andrew Robinson and has sex with him. Andrew turns up in Erinsborough and he and Donna eventually continue their affair. One of their trysts is accidentally recorded and Scott Griffin (Eamonn George) finds it and shows at Charlie's. Ringo is devastated and leaves for Sydney. Donna begins university and during her second lecture, Saffron turns up as a guest speaker. Saffron turns Donna's classmates against her, but Donna stands up to her. While going through her mother's diary, Donna discovers that there are two men, Nick Nixon and Nicholas McKay, who could be her biological father. She contacts them both and she gets a job in Nick Nixon's restaurant to see what he is like and she eventually tells him that she might be his daughter. They take a DNA test, which confirms that they are related. Donna tries to be nice to Ringo's new girlfriend, Naomi (Kate Bell), but she struggles. Ringo breaks up with Naomi and Donna discovers that Naomi has been following her. Naomi's trashes Donna's university project and steals her own medical file from the hospital. Donna is arrested, but Declan Napier (Erin Mullally) and Ringo find the file at Naomi's house and Donna is released. 
Donna is crushed by some scaffolding after she goes to a building site to pick up Ringo. Earlier in the day, Paul had tampered with the scaffolding platform due to a feud with the site's owner. Ringo helps Donna to breathe and she is rushed to hospital, where she undergoes surgery to repair a ruptured spleen. Donna and Ringo then reunite and Ringo proposes to her. However, Donna turns him down, before proposing to him herself. Ringo wins a green card to the United States and they decide to bring the wedding forward. Donna meets Ringo's mother, Prue (Penny Cook) and she later discovers Prue and Nick together. The wedding venue has to be changed and Donna's car breaks down, so Lucas has to drive Donna and Nick to the new venue. They are stopped by the police, but Donna eventually makes it to the ceremony and she and Ringo marry. Following the honeymoon, Donna moves in with the Kennedy family. On their one month anniversary, Ringo is knocked down by Stephanie Scully's (Carla Bonner) motorbike and dies. Donna is devastated and she struggles to accept that he has gone. Donna initially blames Kate for Ringo's death because he pushed her out of the way. Donna is upset when she misses Ringo's funeral. Donna is angry when Paul tries to use her to upset Steph at her trial. She later tells the court that Steph should not go to jail as it will not bring Ringo back. Donna receives a letter from a New York design school and Zeke tells her that Ringo applied for a place on her behalf. After initially deciding to stay in Ramsay Street, Donna's friends manage to convince her to leave by staging a fashion show showcasing her designs. Donna says her goodbyes in the street and she leaves for New York with Nick.
In other media.
In 2009, "Neighbours" became the first Australian series to establish Twitter accounts for its characters. Donna was one of four characters to have an account set up, with the others being Declan, Ringo and Zeke. They began sending daily updates to their fans, giving advice and talking to each other. The updates are "complementary to the show's on-air storylines". FremantleMedia Enterprises vice-president of licensing Ben Liebmann said, "We thought it was a really great way to continue or allow the audience to engage with the "Neighbours" world off-screen". The messages are overseen by the Fremantle digital team, which is integrated with the story department of the "Neighbours" production team.
Reception.
Robbie earned several award nominations for her portrayal of Donna. She was nominated for Most Popular New Female Talent at the 2009 Logie Awards. She was nominated for Best Newcomer and Funniest Performance at the Inside Soap Awards and Fave Aussie Hottie at the Nickelodeon Australian Kids' Choice Awards. In 2011, Robbie received a nomination for the Most Popular Actress Logie Award.
The character has been well received. The "South Wales Evening Post" called Donna "one of the programme's most popular faces" and the "Bristol Evening Post" said she was "one of the most refreshing "Neighbours" characters to come along for many a moon". Daniel Kilkelly of Digital Spy said the character had become a favourite with fans. Ruth Deller, of television website Lowculture, called Donna "fierce and fabulous". Robbie's co-star, Scott Major (Lucas Fitzgerald) praised her performance as Donna saying, "Donna could've been played in so many ways, but I think Margot nailed it, she's always fun to work with, she's a barrel of laughs and always works hard at her stuff. She's really created Donna on her own and made Donna her own character".
Website AfterEllen commented on Donna's bisexuality saying that her introduction to "Neighbours" was "progress". They were also happy to see that Donna had been added to the credits, meaning that she would be around for a while. Holy Soap named Donna's most memorable moments as "Stepping out with Zeke after Ringo had dumped her" and "Locking lips with Korean exchange student Sunny". In August 2010, "TV Week" included Donna in their "Top 25 "Neighbours" characters". They said "Ditzy, but kind-hearted Donna always lands herself in trouble".

</doc>
<doc id="18395061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395061" title="Blues Everywhere I Go">
Blues Everywhere I Go

Blues Everywhere I Go is an album by American folk singer Odetta, released in 1999. It was her first new release in more than a decade.
Allmusic said in their review: "... time doesn't appear to have affected her interpretive skills or the range and quality of her voice, which remains one of the most remarkable instruments in American folk and blues music to date."
"Blues Everywhere I Go" was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Traditional Blues Album at the 42nd Grammy Awards. It was her first nomination after over 50 years of recording.

</doc>
<doc id="18395092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395092" title="Asakadai Station">
Asakadai Station

Lines.
The station is served by the Tobu Tojo Line from in Tokyo, with some services inter-running via the Tokyo Metro Yurakucho Line to and the Tokyo Metro Fukutoshin Line to and onward via the Tokyu Toyoko Line and Minato Mirai Line to . Located between Asaka and Shiki stations, it is 16.4 km from the Tobu Tojo Line terminus at Ikebukuro. Rapid, Express, Semi express, and Local services stop at this station.
The station is adjacent to Kita-Asaka Station on the Musashino Line operated by JR East.
Station layout.
The station consists of two island platforms serving four tracks.
This station has a season ticket sales office.
History.
The station opened on 6 August 1974.
Through-running to and from via the Tokyo Metro Fukutoshin Line commenced on 14 June 2008.
From 17 March 2012, station numbering was introduced on the Tobu Tojo Line, with Asakadai Station becoming "TJ-13".
Through-running to and from and via the Tokyu Toyoko Line and Minatomirai Line commenced on 16 March 2013.
Passenger statistics.
In fiscal 2011, the station was used by an average of 145,301 passengers daily.
Passenger figures for previous years (boarding passengers only) are as shown below.
Bus services.
From 17 July 2008, there is a direct express bus service to/from Narita Airport. The bus stop is on the south side of the station.　

</doc>
<doc id="18395094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395094" title="Nepal Rastriya Dalit Mukti Sangathan">
Nepal Rastriya Dalit Mukti Sangathan

Nepal Rastriya Dalit Mukti Sangathan () is a Nepalese Dalit movement, linked to Janamorcha Nepal. Ahuti is the general secretary of the organisation. Ranendra Baraili is the president of the organisation.

</doc>
<doc id="18395096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395096" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics were held in Beijing National Stadium from September 8 to September 17. There were 160 gold medals in this sport.
Classification.
Athletes are given a classification depending on the type and extent of their disability. The classification system allows athletes to compete against others with a similar level of function.
The athletics classifications are:
The class numbers are given prefixes of "T", "F" and "P" for track, field and pentathlon events, respectively.
Events.
For each of the events below, medals are contested for one or more of the above classifications.
• T11 • T12 • T13
<br>• T35 • T36 • T37
<br>• T38 • T42 • T44
<br>• T46 • T52 • T53
<br>• T54
• T11 • T12 • T13
<br>• T36 • T37 • T38
<br>• T44 • T46 • T52
<br>• T53 • T54
• T11 • T12 • T13
<br>• T36 • T38 • T44
<br>• T46 • T52 • T53
<br>• T54
• T12 • T13 • T36
<br>• T37 • T46 • T52
<br>• T53 • T54
• T11 • T13 • T46
<br>• T54
• T11 • T13 • T46
<br>• T54
• T12
• T11–T13 
<br>• T35–T38 
<br>• T42–T46
<br>• T53–T54
• T53–T54
• T12 • T46 • T52
<br>• T54
• T11 • T12 • T13
<br>• T36 • T37 • T38
<br>• T42 • T44 • T46
<br>• T52 • T53 • T54
• T11 • T12 • T13
<br>• T36 • T37 • T38
<br>• T44 • T46 • T52
<br>• T53 • T54
• T12 • T13 • T53
<br>• T54
• T12–13
<br>• T53
<br>• T54
• T13
<br>• T54
• T54
• T53–T54
• T54
Qualification.
There were 1035 athletes (710 male, 325 female) taking part in the athletics competitions.
Medal summary.
Medal table.
This ranking sorts countries by the number of gold medals earned by their athletes (in this context a nation is an entity represented by a National Paralympic Committee). The number of silver medals is taken into consideration next and then the number of bronze medals. If, after the above, countries are still tied, equal ranking is given and they are listed alphabetically.
Women's events.
† Diane Roy was initially awarded the gold, Shelly Woods the silver and Amanda McGrory the bronze in the women's 5000  m T54. However a re-run of the race was ordered by the International Paralympic Committee following protests by the Australian, US and Swiss teams after 6 competitors were involved in a crash on the penultimate lap. The re-run race resulted in the same three athletes winning medals but in a different order.
†† Rebecca Chin of Great Britain was originally awarded the silver medal in the women's discus throw F37-38 event. Following a challenge to her classification, Chin was deemed ineligible for the event, stripped of her medal, and her results were erased.

</doc>
<doc id="18395105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395105" title="Nõo">
Nõo

Nõo is a small borough () in Tartu County, in southern Estonia. It's located about 15 km southwest of the city of Tartu by the Tartu–Valga–Riga railway and the European route E264 (also known as Via Hanseatica). Nõo is the administrative centre of Nõo Parish. As of 2011 Census, the settlement's population was 1,492.
Nõo was first mentioned in 1319 as "Nughen" and as a separate church parish in 1483, during the times when it belonged to the Bishopric of Dorpat. Nõo St. Laurence Lutheran Church is believed to have been built around 1250s to 1260s.
According to Bengt Gottfried Forselius schooling took place in Nõo already in 1686. Since 1688 a local parish school has been working in Nõo. In 1953 the primary school was reorganized as a secondary school. In 1965 a computing centre was established, the school was given the first school computer in the USSR – the Ural-1. In 1994 Nõo school was separated into Nõo Secondary Science Gymnasium and Nõo Primary School.

</doc>
<doc id="18395119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395119" title="Andrew Thomas DelGiorno">
Andrew Thomas DelGiorno

Andrew Thomas DelGiorno, also known as "Tommy Del" (born 1940, South Philadelphia), is a former American mobster, captain in the Philadelphia crime family and Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) informant. He was responsible for five murders during his association with Nicky Scarfo in the 1980s. DelGiorno was part Polish and part Italian; he managed to hide his Polish heritage from his friends in the Philadelphia Mob so that he could be formally inducted into the Philadelphia Mob.
Early career.
DelGiorno was born to a father who was an immigrant from San Piero, Sicily and a Polish-American mother in South Philadelphia. In 1964, he was 24 and was supplementing his days as a delivery truck driver with a small-time bookmaking and policy operation at night and on weekends. At the time he was just one of hundreds of numbers writers in South Philadelphia chasing after action. He also began hanging out in afterhour clubs and began to socialize with mobsters at card and dice games.
He later became a close friend of numbers writer John Bastion, when Bastione retired years later he left his entire operation and a large sum of money to back the operation to DelGiorno. DelGiorno was soon in need of financiers to cover his action in an emergency. He became an avid fan of professional boxing.
In 1967 DelGiorno met Joseph McGreal a Highway Truck Drivers & Helpers Local 107 organizer and began working for him. The two became close friends and business associates. DelGiorno was interested in labor racketeering and Joseph was interested in gambling. DelGiorno was involved in the strike which resulted in the closure of United Parcel Service and 1,150 truck drivers and warehouse workers were left without jobs. But DelGiorno didn't mind the loss of permanent employment and it had little effect on his lifestyle. McGreal began backing DelGiorno's criminal activities. He was a protege of Frank (Frankie Flowers) D'Alphonso.
DelGiorno wasn't much of a husband to his wife or father to his sons. He was often cold and aloof, when he was actually at home. He felt that he was living up to his end of the bargain by keeping a roof over his family's heads and putting food on the table.
Activities in the 1970s.
In 1970 Joey McGreal and three others were indicted for labor racketeering and extortion. They later received eight years in prison. DelGiorno had lost a significant financial backer. So he and John Bastione began holding all night card games at his home. The house took $1,000 from each game and DelGiorno easily took several thousand more during each game.
In the early 1970s "Broadway Eddie" Colcher and "Frankie Flowers" D'Alfonso began backing DelGiorno's gambling operations including a sports betting operation he had set up to take advantage of the customers available during American football seasons.
Frankie Flowers was one of the biggest bookmakers in the City and he was a close friend of Philadelphia Mob Boss Angelo Bruno, not to mention an associate to his crime family.
By 1972 DelGiorno had established links to the Philadelphia Mob through D'Alfonso and Colcher. That same year he and his first wife Maryann divorced.
That same year the FBI raided Broadway Eddie's Restaurant and arrested DelGiorno, Colcher and D'Alfonso for running a gambling operation. The raid led to probation and suspended sentences for the three men. By then the bookmaking operation was making $20,000 a day if not double that during football season.
Whilst Joey McGreal was in prison Ralph Natale took his place in Local 107 with the help of Angelo Bruno. McGreal was later released from prison early in 1973.
In December 1973 DelGiorno was called to a meeting with Joey McGreal. That night Joey McGreal was found dead, shot three times in the head with a 38 caliber pistol. McGreal had been killed on orders from Angelo Bruno because he was attempting to force his way into the unions again.
In 1976 Atlantic City gambling was legalized and 47 year-old Nicky Scarfo took advantage on the behalf of the Philadelphia Mob. Though the government looked to keep the Mafia out of the casino counting rooms which had been so easily infiltrated by the mobs in Las Vegas. Scarfo used his ties to Local 54 to squeeze money out of the casinos by threatening strikes and withholding materials necessary during construction.
As the shores of Atlantic City were soon flourishing once more, DelGiorno was one of the few mobsters in Philadelphia content with his gambling operations and not desperate to run to Atlantic City.
Around this time Bruno's consigliere Tony Caponigro and underboss Phil Testa began to suspect that Angelo was allowing members of the Gambino crime family to traffic heroin through a string of restaurants in New Jersey for a cut of the profits; whilst upholding a contradictory "no go" policy towards drug trafficking in his own crime family. Though this was never confirmed it became a widespread theory among the ranks of the Philadelphia Mob.
The recent death of Bruno's ally Carlo Gambino and emergence of Giuseppe and Rosario Gambino in New Jersey undermined Bruno's leadership even more.
DelGiorno and Frankie Flowers bought a restaurant called Piccolo's 500, the name was later changed to Cous' Little Italy after they hired Vincent "Cous" Pilla as head chef. Officially Frankie's wife Michelne and DelGiorno's second wife Roseanne were the owners of the restaurants. DelGiorno's sons Tommy Jr. and Bobby worked at the restaurant in the late 1970s.
The fate of Don Bruno.
In 1980 Angelo Bruno was shot dead whilst sitting in his car as his driver John Stanfa pulled up to Bruno's house. His death had been arranged by Tony Caponigro who was soon murdered as well along with the gun man in the Bruno hit Alfred Salerno.
Some speculated that Genovese Boss Frank Tieri was involved in the plot to overthrow Bruno. Tieri wanted in on the Atlantic City casinos which were proving to be a cash cow for the Philadelphia Mafia. When Angelo Bruno refused to allow Tieri's family to operate in the City it's possible that Tieri saw red and conspired with Caponigro to remove Bruno from the leadership position.
Newark based captain John Simone was killed as well for his involvement with Caponigro. What role he played in the assassination of the aging Don is vague.
By then Frank Sindone had replaced D'Alfonso as DelGiorno's partner in their restaurant. DelGiorno soon began to suspect that Sindone had been involved in the murder of Bruno. Soon Sindone was killed as well and DelGiorno felt lucky he hadn't become part of his inner circle. After the Sindone murder Testa sent word to DelGiorno that Sindone's share of Cous' Little Italy now belonged to captain Frank Monte and Joseph "Chickie" Ciancaglini.
The Chicken Man's reign.
In the chaos that followed the Bruno hit, DelGiorno sided with Phil Testa; his consigliere Nicky Scarfo and underboss Peter Casella. The new administration wanted some "new blood" in the Family and inducted several new members into the Family including Testa's son Salvatore Testa.
John McCullough was later killed on orders from Testa and Scarfo. McCullough would've been killed many years before but Bruno wouldn't permit the murder. McCullough had links to the K&A Gang, the PIRA and was the Roofers Union Local 30 boss.
On March 15, 1981, Phil Testa was killed by a bomb packed with nails that was detonated under his porch by remote control as he left his house. Pete Casella and Frank "Chickie" Narducci had killed Testa with a nail bomb in an attempt to make it look as if Testa had been murdered by the K&A Gang in retaliation for the murder of John McCullough which the administration had ordered the previous year.
The rise of Little Nicky.
Casella then attempted to seize control of the Philadelphia crime family by telling the made men that he had been appointed the new Boss at a meeting in New York City with Paul Castellano and Fat Tony Salerno. But Nicky Scarfo sensed something was wrong with Casella's story and went to New York City where he met with Gambino and Genovese family Bosses. There he learned that no one had approved Casella's ascension and there with Testa's body still warm, Scarfo was crowned the new Boss of Philadelphia.
Casella was banished to Florida rather than killed. There he later died of natural causes. Whereas Chickie Narducci was left living on borrowed time in Philadelphia. Scarfo promoted Frank Monte to consigliere and Salvatore "Chuckie" Merlino to underboss.
The Scarfo regime.
Early on in Scarfo's time as Boss a series of murders were perpetrated against a local Greek crime family led by Chelsais Bouras who was soon killed in a hail of bullets from the guns of Scarfo's hit men. He had been murdered for horning in on the methamphetamine trade.
Johnny Calabrese had his back to an alleyway near Cous' Little Italy as he talked to Chickie Ciancaglini. Whilst Tommy DelGiorno and Frank "Faffy" Iannarella prepared for the hit, they pulled guns; gloves and ski masks from a bag. But the masks were children size and didn't fit.
The two hit men ran over to Calabrese without their masks and pumped four bullets into him. Calabrese was killed for not falling in line with the regime of Nicky Scarfo and for operating a loan sharking operation out of several pawn shops in Atlantic City. Ciancaglini walked away casually when the shooting started and the shooters dumped their guns; then fled in a getaway car driven by Pasquale "Pat the Cat" Spirito. By then Calabrese was the eighth murder committed since 1980.
The next day DelGiorno went about his business as usual. Ciancaglini visited him to inform him of Scarfo's perspective of how DelGiorno and Iannarella handled the Calabrese murder.
"Jesus Christ, that was great. These guys are fuckin' great." -- Nicodemo Scarfo, Boss of the Philadelphia crime family (1981-1991)
Three weeks after DelGiorno left Calabrese dying in the gutter Frankie D'Alfonso was brutally beaten by captain Salvatore Testa and Gino Milano acting on orders from Scarfo. The beating was a message from the Boss for refusing to pay tribute to Scarfo.
In January 1982 Tommy DelGiorno, Faffy Iannarella and Pat the Cat Spirito were formally initiated into the Mafia. At a secret ceremony held in a home in Vineland, New Jersey. There DelGiorno vowed to "Live by the gun and die by the gun" and promised to "burn like the saints in hell" if he betrayed the mob's time honored code of silence.
Between 1982 and 1983 a dozen mobsters were murdered as Scarfo settled old grudges and moved towards solidifying his position and his criminal organization. Most of the decisions he made were contemplated in prison, he was serving time on a gun charge. It may have saved him from being killed during the infighting in the underworld with the Riccobene faction.
In late 1982 DelGiorno made $150,000 when he sold his restaurant to Ray Martorano and then he made J&M Bar on West Passyunk Avenue his headquarters. It was a small neighborhood tavern catering to a shot-and-beer crowd.
Frank "Chickie" Narducci's borrow time finally ran out. He was shot half a dozen times as he walked to his car by Salvatore Testa] not long after DelGiorno became a member of the Family. The murder was revenge for the murder of Phil Testa in 1981.
"I wish that motherfucker was alive so I could kill him again." -- Salvatore Testa on Frank Narducci
Soon Dominick "Mickey Diamond" DeVito and Rocco Marinucci (the man who personally blew up Phil Testa) were shot to death as well. Frank Monte was shot to death by hit men from the Riccobene faction after attempting to persuade Mario "Sonny" Riccobene to help set up his brother Harry Riccobene to be killed. Scarfo replaced Monte with his uncle Nicholas Piccolo. Monte's death triggered the Riccobene war.
Suspected drug dealer Robert Hornickle lay slain. Soon even Pat the Cat was dead, killed by Nicky Caramandi and Charlie Iannece for "talking treason" in regard to the current leadership of Nicky Scarfo. Riccobene associate Sammy Tamburrino was whacked in a candy store.
Bobby Riccobene was shot dead in front of his mother by Faffy Iannarella. The following week Enrico Riccobene shot himself to avoid being murdered by Scarfo's hit men. These deaths brought the Riccobene war to an end and Harry the Hunchback surrendered his territory and operations to the Scarfo faction.
At the time methamphetamine was the drug of choice in Philadelphia. DelGiorno and Nicky Caramandi began "taxing" drug dealers. In one such case they found meth dealers were importing gallons of P-2-P known as oil in from Europe and using the "oil" to produce methamphetamines. DelGiorno and Nick the Crow "taxed" the smugglers $2,000 per every gallon they imported.
Scarfo's downfall.
In March 1984 Scarfo was released from prison and was triumphant after all of his enemies had either been killed or incarcerated. No longer than a month after Nicky's release from prison another "piece of work" was thrown DelGiorno's way by the Boss.
Salvatore "Salvie" Testa had virtually led the Philadelphia crime family during the war with the Riccobene faction, for most of the war Scarfo was in a prison cell in Texas. Testa even took a bullet for Scarfo, he was nearly killed when the Riccobenes fired a shotgun at him from a moving car. Testa survived and nearly lost his arm. Salvie Testa was loyal and the epitome of La Cosa Nostra, his father Phil had taught him well since he was a teenager. By 1984 at the age of 28 Salvie was a millionaire and had achieved the position of captain in the Philadelphia crime family since his father made him in 1981.
Then in April 1984 Nicky Scarfo decided that Salvatore Testa had to die. Testa had recently broke off an engagement to Merlino's daughter Maria and expected Scarfo to side with him for his loyalty during the Riccobene war. But that war had left Scarfo paranoid and trigger happy.
Salvatore "Chuckie" Merlino wouldn't let go of the fact Testa dumped his Maria. He began telling Scarfo that his youngest capo was involved in drug trafficking with a Black gang, trying to put together his own organization and possibly making moves to take over the Philadelphia Mob. Merlino was Scarfo's oldest friend and his underboss, if anyone could persuade Scarfo to murder one of his most loyal guys it was Chuckie. Merlino was desperate to avenge his honor.
Tommy DelGiorno and Faffy Iannarella was put in charge of supervising the Testa murder, Nick Caramandi and Charlie Iannece were going to be the shooters. But it was difficult, Testa was a professional hit man and knew all the tricks of the trade. He was extremely cautious and checked everyone who hugged him for a gun. The job seemed almost impossible and Scarfo was getting restless. So DelGiorno and Iannarella brought Salvatore "Wayne" Grande and Joseph "Joey Pung" Pungitore into the conspiracy. Pungitore was Testa's closest friend and would only go along with the job if he didn't have to pull the trigger. Wayne Grande on the other hand jumped at the opportunity to put a bullet in Testa.
Less than a week later Salvatore Testa the Crowned Prince of the Philadelphia Mob was dead and had been found hogtied at the side of a dirt road in Gloucester Township, New Jersey. Salvie had been lured to a meeting with Wayne Grande and Joey Pung at a candy store on Passyunk Avenue. There Salvie went into the back room where he shook the hand of Wayne Grande who was sitting on a sofa. Salvie then turned to talk to Joey Pung. At that moment Wayne took out a pistol hidden under a cushion and shot Testa in the back of his head; then shot him again as he lied on the floor lifelessly. Nicky Caramandi, Charlie Iannece and Salvatore "Tory" Scafidi helped get Testa out of the candy store and dumped the body in New Jersey.
Testa's murder created career opportunities all around. Nick Caramandi, Charlie Iannece and Joe Grande were made members of the Philadelphia crime family. Tommy DelGiorno and Faffy Iannarella were promoted to acting capos of the old Ciancaglini crew and Testa's former crew respectively, assuming most of the responsibilities of the deceased Testa, who had been running both Philadelphia crews after Ciancaglini went to prison. Their operations included bookmaking, gambling and loan sharking. Nicky Scarfo took a third of the profits made by a major bookmaking operation put together by DelGiorno, Salvatore Testa and Pungitore. Wayne Grande was rewarded with 25% of Testa's business and Salvatore "Tory" Scafidi got a $500 a week job making numbers pick ups.
In some ways Testa's murder marked the beginning of Scarfo's downfall since it defeated most the trust the soldiers had in their leader, they had tolerated the previous murders because they all deserved it. But when Scarfo marked Testa for death many felt he had gone to far, Testa was a highly respected capo and popular made man.
By 1985 the New Jersey State Police's Organized Crime Bureau had targeted Nicky Scarfo and DelGiorno in a major gambling investigation. Nailing Scarfo was proving very difficult for the State Police, veteran detectives on the mob squad were amazed that a greedy, nepotistic and psychopathic killer like Nicky Scarfo had risen to the top spot in the Philadelphia Mob. They set their sights on DelGiorno, he was a much easier target as wiretaps on Scarfo were fruitless because Scarfo preferred to talk business face to face with his associates. Where DelGiorno often talked business at great length at his home. The only fear was that DelGiorno's wife Roseanne (a compulsive cleaner) would stumble upon one of their listening devices.
In February of that year Frank "JR" Forline was found lying in the cab of his pickup truck in the parking lot of a K mart in Marple Township, Pennsylvania. He had been shot five times in the head, neck and body. Forline was a loan shark and gambler who operated on the fringe of the Mafia in Philadelphia.
In spring of that year Scarfo decided it was time to send Frankie D'Alfonso one last message. He called a meeting with his top associates at the Wok, a trendy Chinese restaurant on Walnut Street in the middle of Philadelphia's Center City commercial and business district. Among the restaurant's regular customers of lawyers, bankers, office workers and shoppers. No one paid any attention to the group of casually dressed middle-aged men sitting at two tables in a far corner. There Nicky Scarfo, Chuckie and Yogi Merlino, Faffy Iannarella and Phil Leonetti spent three hours discussing the business agenda of the Philadelphia Mob. Murders, past and present, were a major topic of discussion. Specifically the murder of Frankie Flowers.
DelGiorno supervised the hit used Gino and Nicky Milano; Frank and Philip Narducci as the shooters. Frankie Flowers D'Alfonso was sitting on a crate in the middle of the block near Cartherine and Percy Streets enjoying a smoke when two men ran up behind him and fired five shots into his back and head. The hit men dumped their weapons at the scene and kept running to a waiting car. In seconds they had gone and Frankie Flowers was dead.
In 1986 DelGiorno's world began to unravel. A drug dealer who was ripped off by DelGiorno's crew was threatening to go to war and Scarfo didn't like that kind of aggravation. Nick Caramandi had been arrested by the FBI trying to extort money from a real estate developer. DelGiorno was Nick's capo and he knew he might be held responsible by Scarfo.
In March of that year Nicky Scarfo once again summoned his top associates to a meeting. At that meeting Scarfo demoted his underboss and best friend Salvatore "Chuckie" Merlino to a soldier for his drunken behavior. Nicky stripped Lawrence "Yogi" Merlino of his capo rank also and promoted his nephew Phil Leonetti to underboss. At the same meeting Scarfo promoted Faffy Iannarella and Tommy DelGiorno to official captains.
From the pressure of the added responsibility and simply the constant fear brought on by the double-dealing and treachery that had become the trademarks of the Scarfo regime
That summer the New Jersey State Police found themselves in possession of tapes of Tommy DelGiorno ranting and raving about the organization and belittling the Boss.
"They're all pussies, four Irish guys from Northeast Philadelphia could run the mob better." -- Andrew Thomas DelGiorno on the Philadelphia Mob's leadership.
This was one of many recordings made by wiretaps planted in DelGiorno's home by the New Jersey State Police. Most of which consisted of DelGiorno's drunken ranting and raving about the mob's leadership.
Soldiers in DelGiorno's crew began complaining to Scarfo and Crazy Phil that Tommy was drunken and irrational, that he berated them for no reason. Tommy had become a problem just like John Calabrese and Chuckie Merlino. How Scarfo would resolve the problem was another matter.
In July of that year in the midst of the extortion investigation Scarfo sent word to DelGiorno, that he was being demoted to the rank of soldier and that he would now report to Faffy Iannarella. Iannarella had become DelGiorno's closest associate in the mob, but he had betrayed DelGiorno and spoke against him to Scarfo.
Tommy and Joey Pungitore would divide the cash from their bookmaking operation once every three or four months with Scarfo. But when asked, Scarfo said to let the cash sit for a while. Which told DelGiorno that he might not be around for much longer, he knew that Scarfo would never turn down a cut of $300,000. With DelGiorno out of the way Scarfo could take a cut of 50% as opposed to the third he was being offered at the time.
Then Tommy found that guys he bet with were holding back and avoided making bets with him. He knew this must mean that Scarfo had already decided how to handle the situation. Then one day two detectives from the New Jersey State Police turned up on his doorstep telling them that his Boss had put out a contract on Tommy's head.
Tommy Del played dumb with the detectives but the visit shook him up. He considered getting as much cash together as he could and going into hiding. He even thought about taking out Scarfo. Now just like Salvatore Testa before him, Tommy Del was living life on the edge constantly looking over his shoulder.
The detectives returned in November with what they called "proof". DelGiorno and the detectives sat down in his house. There they listened to the recordings on a pair of cassette tapes. The detectives said that one tape was of DelGiorno himself and the other was of Faffy Iannarella and Wayne Grande. Tommy arranged to meet up at a hotel with the detectives to listen to the tapes.
At the hotel room Tommy listened over a cup of coffee to the sound of Iannarella and Grande discussing his demotion at the hands of Scarfo. Iannarella talked of wondering about DelGiorno's fate in the organization and Wayne Grande responded "Ain't nothin' gonna happen to him... yet." The detectives reminded DelGiorno of what he had said on the other tape and that Scarfo, himself and many others were going to be indicted on the basis of that tape.
Already in trouble for the drug deal and the Penn's Landing waterfront extortion, DelGiorno knew that the New Jersey indictment would seal his fate. He knew that the tapes of him belittling Scarfo would eventually be heard by him when the prosecutors handed the tapes over to their defense attorneys.
The next day Scarfo, DelGiorno and the others were all arrested. Word of the secret state police tapes surfaced and DelGiorno became the number one man on Scarfo's hit list. Shortly after Tommy Del made bail, his son Bobby was driving Tommy's car home when he noticed a suspicious car begin to follow him. After pulling into his father's driveway, the car drove by, and Bobby recognized Salvatore "Tori" Scafidi in the passenger seat, as well as another familiar face slouching in the backseat who may have possibly been Nicky Milano. Milano and Scafidi were younger members of the Scarfo organization known at that time to be active hitmen. Bobby considered it odd that the young men would go out of their way to drive by the DelGiorno home without stopping in, but when Tommy learned of the incident, he immediately believed that it had been a hit team ready to kill had it been he who stepped out of the car.
Two days later, Tommy arranged another meeting with Detective Ed Johnson, this time in the parking lot of the airport hotel the following Sunday on November 9. From the parking lot the two men went to a hotel room where they discussed DelGiorno's predicament.
"What can I tell them they can expect from you?"-Ed Johnson talking to DelGiorno.
"Everything"-Andrew Thomas DelGiorno agreeing to become an FBI informant.
Tommy DelGiorno was the first of five informants that eventually gave evidence against Scarfo and his associates. He was soon joined by Nicholas "the Crow" Caramandi and Eugene "Gino" Milano. Later they were joined by Lawrence "Yogi" Merlino and Phil Leonetti. And together the five of them put Nicky Scarfo and many others away for the rest of their lives.

</doc>
<doc id="18395120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395120" title="Wretha Hanson">
Wretha Hanson

Wretha Hanson is the director of the Franz Bader Gallery in Washington, D.C. and was the former wife of George Wiley. In 1980 she was the alternate Vice Presidential nominee of the short-lived Citizens Party as the running mate of Barry Commoner for the state of Ohio; for most states, the candidate was La Donna Harris. [http://co.wood.oh.us/boe/Wood%20County,%201980-1989.pdf(PDF) [http://www.commondreams.org/archive/1990/11/18/2297/]

</doc>
<doc id="18395141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395141" title="Boccia at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Boccia at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Boccia at the 2008 Summer Paralympics consisted of seven events. The competitions were held in the Beijing National Convention Center from September 7 to September 12.
Classfication.
Boccia players were given a classification depending on the type and extent of their disability. The classification system allows players to compete against others with a similar level of function. The boccia classifications were BC1 through BC4.
Events.
For each of the events below, medals were contested for one or more of the above classifications. All events were mixed, meaning that men and women competed together.
Qualification.
There were 88 athletes (at least 20 females) taking part in this sport.
Medal summary.
Medal table.
This ranking sorts countries by the number of gold medals earned by their players (in this context a country is an entity represented by a National Paralympic Committee). The number of silver medals is taken into consideration next and then the number of bronze medals. If, after the above, countries are still tied, equal ranking is given and they are listed alphabetically.

</doc>
<doc id="18395144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395144" title="Labeninae">
Labeninae

Labeninae is a worldwide subfamily of the parasitic wasp family Ichneumonidae 
Labeninae species are idiobiont endoparasitoids of Coleoptera larvae in plant tissue. Members of the tribe Groteini parasitize solitary bees and members of the tribe Brachycyrtini parasitize Chrysopidae and Araneae egg sacs. Species of "Poecilocryptus" are phytophagous, feeding on gall tissues. There are 14 genera.

</doc>
<doc id="18395149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395149" title="OpenEZX">
OpenEZX

OpenEZX is a project, which tries to gather information about the Linux based Motorola EZX phone platform.
It tries to provide a 100% free software stack for those phones, especially a way to avoid any proprietary filesystem and/or device drivers. It also aims to provide a current (2.6.x) kernel with all required hardware support for the EZX phones.
Currently supported phones are:

</doc>
<doc id="18395155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395155" title="Vic Tablian">
Vic Tablian

Vic Tablian is an Armenian SSR born British actor. His filmography includes two different roles in the 1981 film "Raiders of the Lost Ark"; he played both the treacherous Peruvian guide Barranca and later in the film as the Nazi collaborating "Monkey Man". Eleven years later Tablian returned to the Indiana Jones franchise playing Demetrios in the first episode of "The Young Indiana Jones Chronicles", 

</doc>
<doc id="18395166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395166" title="Equestrian at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Equestrian at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Equestrian at the 2008 Summer Paralympics consisted of eleven dressage events. The competitions were held in the Hong Kong Olympic Equestrian Centre from 7 September to 11 September.
Classfication.
Riders were given a classification depending on the type and extent of their disability. The classification system allows riders to compete against others with a similar level of function.
Equestrian classes were:
Events.
For each of the events below, medals were contested for one or more of the above classifications. After each classification are given the dates that the event was contested. All events were mixed, meaning that men and women competed together.
Qualification.
There were 70 athletes taking part in this sport.
Medal summary.
Medal table.
This ranking sorts countries by the number of gold medals earned by their riders (in this context a country is an entity represented by a National Paralympic Committee). The number of silver medals is taken into consideration next and then the number of bronze medals. If, after the above, countries are still tied, equal ranking is given and they are listed alphabetically.
Medalists.
Laurentia Tan of Singapore won her country's first Paralympic medals, two bronzes, in the individual championship and freestyle grade Ia events.

</doc>
<doc id="18395182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395182" title="Underwater sports">
Underwater sports

Underwater sports is a group of competitive sports using one or a combination of the following underwater diving techniques - breath-hold, snorkelling or scuba including the use of equipment such as diving masks and fins. These sports are conducted in the natural environment at sites such as open water and sheltered or confined water such as lakes and in artificial aquatic environments such as swimming pools. Underwater sports include the following - aquathlon (i.e. underwater wrestling), finswimming, freediving, spearfishing, sport diving, underwater football, underwater hockey, underwater ice hockey, underwater orienteering, underwater photography, underwater rugby, underwater target shooting and underwater video. 
The sports.
Aquathlon.
Aquathlon (also known as underwater wrestling) is an underwater sport where two competitors wearing masks and fins wrestle underwater in an attempt to remove a ribbon from each other’s ankle band in order to win the bout. The "combat" takes place in a 5-metre (16 ft) square ring within a swimming pool, and is made up of three 30-second rounds, with a fourth round played in the event of a tie. The sport originated during the 1980s in the former USSR (now Russia) and was first played at international level in 1993. It was recognised by CMAS in 2008.
Finswimming.
Finswimming is an underwater sport consisting of four techniques involving swimming with the use of fins either on the water's surface using a snorkel using either monofins or bifins (i.e. one fin for each foot) or underwater with monofin either by holding one's breathe or underwater using open circuit scuba diving equipment. Events exist over distances similar to swimming competitions for both swimming pool and open water venues. Competition at world and continental level is organised by CMAS. The sport's first world championship was held in 1976. It also has been featured at the World Games as a trend sport since 1981 and was demonstrated at the 2013 Summer Universiade in July 2013.
Freediving.
Competitive freediving is currently governed by two world associations: AIDA International (International Association for Development of Apnea) and CMAS. Most types of competitive freediving have in common that it is an individual sport based on the best individual achievement. An exception to this rule is the bi-annual World Championship for Teams, held by AIDA, where the combined score of the team members makes up the team's total points. There are currently nine disciplines used by official governing bodies and a dozen disciplines that are only practiced locally. In this article, the recognized disciplines of AIDA and CMAS will be described. All disciplines can be done by both men and women and, while done outdoors, no differences in the environment between records are recognized any longer. The disciplines of AIDA can be done both in competition and as a record attempt, with the exception of Variable Weight and No limits, which are both done solely as record attempts.
Spearfishing.
Spearfishing (also known as competition spearfishing) as an underwater sport involves the hunting and capture of fish underwater using breath-hold technique and a tackle system such as a speargun as part of a tournament of fixed duration involving other competitors.
Sport diving.
Sport Diving is an underwater sport that uses recreational open circuit scuba diving equipment and consists of a set of individual and team events conducted in a swimming pool that test the competitors’ competency in recreational scuba diving technique. The sport was developed in Spain during the late 1990s and is currently played mainly in Europe. It is known as Plongée Sportive in French and as Buceo De Competición in Spanish.
Underwater football.
Underwater football is a two-team underwater sport that shares common elements with underwater hockey and underwater rugby. As with both of those games, it is played in a swimming pool with snorkelling equipment (mask, snorkel, and fins).
Underwater hockey.
Underwater hockey (UWH; also called Octopush and Water Hockey locally) is a globally-played limited-contact sport in which two teams compete to manoeuvre a puck across the bottom of a swimming pool into goals. 
It originated in England in 1954 when the founder of the newly formed Southsea Sub-Aqua Club invented the game as a means of keeping the club's members interested and active over the cold winter months when open-water diving lost its appeal. Underwater hockey was first played as a world championship in Canada in 1980 after a false start brought about by international politics in 1979. CMAS is the world governing body for this sport.
Underwater ice hockey.
Underwater ice hockey (also called sub-aqua ice hockey) is a minor extreme sport that is a variant of ice hockey. It is played upside-down underneath frozen pools or ponds. Participants wear diving masks, fins and wetsuits and use the underside of the frozen surface as the playing area for a floating puck. Competitors do not utilize any breathing apparatuses, but instead surface for air every 30 seconds.
Underwater orienteering.
Underwater orienteering is an underwater sport that uses recreational open circuit scuba diving equipment and consists of a set of individual and team events conducted in both sheltered and open water that test the competitors’ competency in underwater navigation. The competition is principally concerned with the effectiveness of navigation technique used by competitors to swim an underwater course following a route marked on a map prepared by the competition organisers, a compass and a counter meter to measure the distance covered. The sport was developed in the USSR during the late 1950s and is currently played mainly in Europe. It is known as Orientation Sub in French and as La Orientación Subacuática in Spanish. Historically, the sport has also been known as Technical Disciplines.
Underwater photography.
Underwater photography is an scuba-based underwater sport governed by CMAS where teams of competitors using digital underwater camera systems all dive at the same saltwater ocean sites at the same time over a two-day period. The submitted digital images are then assessed and ranked by a jury using a maximum of five photographic categories as well as an overall score. The sport was developed prior to 1985 as a photographic film-based event and is currently mainly practised in non-English speaking countries.
Underwater rugby.
Underwater rugby (UWR) is an underwater sport whose play involves two teams seeking to gain control of a slightly negatively buoyant ball (filled with saltwater) and passing it into a heavy metal bucket serving as the opponents’ goal at the bottom of a swimming pool. It originated from within the physical fitness training regime existing in German diving clubs during the early 1960s and has little in common with rugby football except for the name. It was recognised by CMAS in 1978 and was first played as a world championship in 1980.
Underwater target shooting.
Underwater target shooting is an underwater sport that tests a competitors’ ability to accurately use a speargun via a set of individual and team events conducted in a swimming pool using free diving or Apnoea technique. The sport was developed in France during the early 1980s and is currently practised mainly in Europe. It is known as Tir sur cible subaquatique in French and as Tiro al Blanco Subacuático in Spanish.
Underwater video.
Underwater video is an scuba-based underwater sport governed by CMAS where teams of competitors using digital underwater video systems all dive at the same saltwater ocean sites at the same time over a two-day period. The submitted digital video are then assessed and ranked by a jury.
Governance.
The majority of the sporting disciplines listed above are governed by CMAS. Other organisations involved in governance of underwater sports include AIDA International and the World Aquachallenge Association which also respectively govern Freediving and Underwater Hockey in competition with CMAS while the Manitoba Underwater Council governs Underwater Football. As of July 2013, it is not known who governs Underwater Ice Hockey.
Competition at international level.
Olympic Games.
As of 2013, there has been no competition at an Olympic Games by any underwater sport, even as a demonstration, although the following breath-hold events have been conducted as part of the swimming competition - underwater swimming event at the 1900 Summer Olympics in Paris and a plunge for distance event at the 1904 Summer Olympics in St. Louis, Missouri. During the 1950s and the 1960s, various parties including the Amateur Athletic Union of the United States and the International Underwater Spearfishing Association lobbied for the admission of spearfishing to the Olympics. It is reported that in 1968, the International Olympic Committee (IOC) voted in favour of synchronized swimming over spearfishing. Underwater sports was one of the sports considered for addition to the programme of the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China by the IOC in 2002. It and eight other sports were declined admission on the basis of: Statistics reviewed on federation affiliation, nations competing in major events and broadcast and press coverage of major events for most requested sports did not indicate a higher level of global participation and interest than sports currently in the Programme, and
therefore could not be considered to bring additional value.
Paralympic Games.
As August 2013, there has been no Paralympic competition by any underwater sport, even as a demonstration. 
World Games.
Finswimming has been featured at the World Games as a trend sport since the inaugural games in 1981.
Commonwealth Games.
As of August 2013, no underwater sport has been conducted at a Commonwealth Games or is currently listed as an optional sport. However, a group of countries belonging to the Commonwealth of Nations has conducted at least one finswimming championship under the title of the Commonwealth Finswimming Championships and which was held in Hobart, Tasmania, Australia during February 2007.
Universiade.
Finswimming became the first underwater sport to be demonstrated at an Universiade with an appearance at the 27th Summer Universiade in July 2013.
Other multi-sport events.
The following underwater sports has been offered at the following multi-sport events:

</doc>
<doc id="18395191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395191" title="Pia Lionetti">
Pia Lionetti

Pia Lionetti (born 26 September 1987 in San Giovanni Rotondo), is an Italian archer and a member of the Italian Olympic Team. She lives in Barletta and attends the University of Foggia.
Biography.
She was the Junior World Champion in 2005 winning the individual gold medal and the team gold medal too. In 2006 she won the bronze medal at the European Championships.
At the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing Lionetti finished her ranking round with a total of 613 points. This gave her the 51st seed for the final competition bracket in which she faced 14th seed Bérengère Schuh in the first round. The archer from France was too strong with a 112-107 score. Together with Natalia Valeeva and Elena Tonetta she also took part in the team event. With her 613 score from the ranking round combined with the 634 of Valeeva and the 595 of Tonetta the Italian team was in 9th position after the ranking round. In the first round they were too strong for the team from Chinese Taipei, beating them with 215-211. However, in the quarter final they were eliminated by the eventual gold medalists from South Korea, despite a 217 points score. The Koreans managed to shoot a new World Record of 231 points to advance to the semi final.

</doc>
<doc id="18395213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395213" title="Mythimna albipuncta">
Mythimna albipuncta

The White-Point ("Mythimna albipuncta") is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is distributed throughout Europe and one subspecies is found in Tunisia.
The moth has a wingspan of 30 to 35 mm. The length of the forewings varies from 14 to 17 mm. The wingspan is 36–44 mm.
The species occurs mainly in August and September, although there are records from June to October. .
The larva, feeds on various grasses.
. The species survives winter as a caterpillar.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18395234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395234" title="Narimasu Station">
Narimasu Station

Lines.
The station is served by the Tobu Tojo Line from in Tokyo. Located between and , it is 10.4 km from the Ikebukuro terminus.
Rapid, Express, Commuter Express, Semi Express, and Local services stop at this station.
Station layout.
The station consists of two island platforms serving four tracks. Platforms 2 and 4 are used to allow faster trains to overtake slower stopping trains.
This station has a season ticket sales office.
History.
The station opened on 1 May 1914 coinciding with the opening of the Tojo Railway line from Ikebukuro.
From 17 March 2012, station numbering was introduced on the Tobu Tojo Line, with Narimasu Station becoming "TJ-10".
Passenger statistics.
In fiscal 2011, the station was used by an average of 57,905 passengers daily.
Passenger figures for previous years (boarding passengers only) are as shown below.

</doc>
<doc id="18395235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395235" title="Hyperventilating (Tami Chynn song)">
Hyperventilating (Tami Chynn song)

"Hyperventilating" is a song by Jamaican reggaefusion singer Tami Chynn. It was released as the first single from her first album, "Out of Many...One", which was released through SRC Records and Universal Music Records.
Background.
The song uses the riddim that Stepz Medley used in other reggae songs like "We Be Burnin'" by Sean Paul. The single was her first song to be released outside of Jamaica after being signed to Universal Mowtown Records but only managed to be an online hit failing to enter the charts.
Music video.
The video was directed by Tim Naylor and shot at Shadow Studios in New York City in October, 2005
The video starts with footage of Tami Chynn riding on the back of a scooter and then shows her dancing in a house with flashes to other dancers.
Formats and track listings.
These are the formats and track listings for "Hyperventilating".

</doc>
<doc id="18395236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395236" title="Acoustic microscopy">
Acoustic microscopy

Acoustic microscopy is microscopy that employs very high or ultra high frequency ultrasound. Acoustic microscopes operate nondestructively and penetrate most solid materials to make visible images of internal features, including defects such as cracks, delaminations and voids.
Types of acoustic microscopes.
In the half-century since the first experiments directly leading to the development of acoustic microscopes, at least three basic types of acoustic microscope have been developed. These are the scanning acoustic microscope (SAM), scanning laser acoustic microscope (SLAM), and C-mode scanning acoustic microscope (C-SAM). For details of development see the History section below. Since the vast majority of acoustic microscopes in use today are C-SAM type instruments, this discussion will be limited to these instruments.
Behavior of ultrasound in materials.
Ultrasound is broadly defined as any sound having a frequency above 20 kHz, which is approximately the highest frequency that can be detected by the human ear. However, the acoustic microscopes emit ultrasound ranging from 5 MHz to beyond 400 MHz so that micrometre size resolution can be achieved. The ultrasound that penetrates a sample may be scattered, absorbed or reflected by the internal features or the material itself. These actions are analogous to the behavior of light. Ultrasound that is reflected from an internal feature, or (in some applications) that has traveled through the entire thickness of the sample, is used to make acoustic images.
Sample types and preparation.
Samples need no special treatment before acoustic imaging, but they should be able to withstand at least brief exposure to water or to another fluid, since air is a very poor transmitter of high frequency acoustic energy from the transducer. The sample may be completely immersed in the water, or scanned with a narrow stream of water. Alternately, alcohols and other fluids can be used so as to not contaminate the sample. Samples typically have at least one flat surface that can be scanned, although cylindrical and spherical samples can also be scanned with the proper fixtures. In the following paragraphs, the sample being described is a plastic-encapsulated integrated circuit.
Ultrasonic frequencies.
The ultrasonic frequencies pulsed into samples by the transducers of acoustic microscopes range from a low of 10 MHz (rarely, 5 MHz) to a high of 400 MHz or more. Across this spectrum of frequencies there is a trade-off of penetration and resolution. Ultrasound at low frequencies such as 10 MHz penetrates deeper into materials than ultrasound at higher frequencies, but the spatial resolution of the acoustic image is less. On the other hand, ultrasound at very high frequencies do not penetrate deeply, but provide acoustic images having very high resolution. The frequency chosen to image a particular sample will depend on the geometry of the part and on the materials involved.
The acoustic image of the plastic-encapsulated IC below was made using a 30 MHz transducer because this frequency provides a good compromise between penetration and image resolution.
Scanning process.
The ultrasonic transducer raster-scans the top surface of the sample. Several thousand pulses enter the sample each second. Each pulse may be scattered or absorbed in passing through homogeneous parts of the sample. At material interfaces, a portion of the pulse is reflected back to the transducer, where it is received and its amplitude recorded.
In the acoustic image and side-view diagram of the plastic-encapsulated IC to the right, ultrasound was pulsed through the black mold compound (plastic), and reflected from:
The portion of the pulse that is reflected is determined by the “Acoustic Impedance”, Z, of the each material that meets at the interface. The acoustic impedance of a given material is the material’s density multiplied by the speed of ultrasound in that material. When a pulse of ultrasound encounters an interface between two materials, the degree of ultrasonic reflection from that interface is governed by this formula:
formula_1
where R is the fraction of reflection, and z1 and z2 are the acoustic impedances of the two materials.
If both materials are typical solids, the degree of reflection will be moderate, and a significant portion of the pulse will travel deeper into the sample, where it may be in part reflected by deeper material interfaces. If one of the materials is a gas such as air – as in the case with delaminations, cracks and voids – the degree of reflection at the solid-to-gas interface is near 100%, the amplitude of the reflected pulse is very high, and practically none of the pulse travels deeper into the sample.
Gating of the return echoes.
A pulse of ultrasound from the transducer might travel nanoseconds or microseconds to reach an internal interface and be reflected back to the transducer. If there are several internal interfaces at different depths, the echoes will arrive at the transducer at different times. Planar acoustic images do not often use all return echoes from all depths to make the visible acoustic image. Instead, a time window is created that accepts only those return echoes from the depth of interest. This process is known as “gating” the return echoes.
In the image of the plastic-encapsulated IC above, gating was on a depth that included the silicon die, the die paddle and the lead frame.
Still scanning the top of the sample, the gating of the return echoes was then changed to include only the plastic encapsulant (mold compound) above the die. The resulting acoustic image is shown above. It shows the structure of the particle-filled plastic mold compound, as well as the circular mold marks at the top surface of the component. The small white features are voids (trapped bubbles) in the mold compound. (These voids are also visible in the previous image as dark acoustic shadows.)
Gating was then changed to include only depth of the die attach material that attaches the silicon die to the die paddle. The die, the die paddle, and other features above and below the die attach depth are ignored. In the resulting acoustic image, shown above slightly magnified, the red areas are voids (defects) in the die attach material.
Finally, the plastic-encapsulated IC was flipped over and imaged from the back side. The return echoes were gated on the depth where the backside mold compound interfaces with the back side of the die paddle. The small black dots in the acoustic image above are small voids (trapped bubbles) in the mold compound.
Other image types.
The acoustic images shown above are all planar images, so named because they make visible a horizontal plane within the sample. The acoustic data received in the return echo signals can also be used to make other types of images, including three-dimensional images, cross-sectional images, and thru-scan images. Some of these types are illustrated in the Photo Gallery.
History.
The notion of acoustic microscopy dates back to 1936 when S. Ya. Sokolov proposed a device for producing magnified views of structure with 3-GHz sound waves. However, due to technological limitations at the time, no such instrument could be constructed, and it was not until 1959 that Dunn and Fry performed the first acoustic microscopy experiments, though not at very high frequencies.
The scientific literature shows very little progress toward an acoustic microscope following the Dunn and Fry experiments up until about 1970 when two groups of activity emerged, one headed by C.F. Quate (Stanford University) and the other by A. Korpel and L.W. Kessler (Zenith Radio Research Labs). The first efforts to develop an operational acoustic microscope concentrated upon high-frequency adaptations of low-frequency ultrasonic visualization methods. One early system employed Bragg diffraction imaging, which is based upon direct interaction between an acoustic-wave field and a laser light beam. Another example was based on variations of the Pohlman cell. The original device is based upon a suspension of asymmetric particles in a thin fluid layer which, when acted upon by acoustic energy, produce visual reflectivity changes. Cunningham and Quate modified this by suspending tiny latex spheres in a fluid. Acoustic pressure caused population shifts which were visually detectable. Kessler and Sawyer developed a liquid crystal cell that enabled sound to be detected by hydrodynamic orientation of the fluid. In 1973, the Quate group began the development of a concept, which utilized a confocal pair of acoustic lenses for focusing and detecting the ultrasonic energy. Advancements of this instrument, a scanning acoustic microscope, have to do with achieving very high resolution, novel modes of imaging, and applications. The SAM was commercially introduced by Leitz Corp and by Olympus Corp. In 1970, the Korpel and Kessler group began to pursue a scanning laser detection system for acoustic microscopy. In 1974, the activity was shifted to another organization under Kessler (Sonoscan Inc), where practical aspects of the instrument were developed. This instrument, the scanning laser acoustic microscope (SLAM), was made commercial available in 1975.
In 1984, Kessler’s group completed development of the C-SAM concept instrument which operated in the reflection mode, as well as the through-transmission (only) mode of the SLAM. Using the same transducer to pulse ultrasound and receive the return echoes meant that the acoustic image could easily be constrained to a depth of interest. This design was the precursor of essentially all of the acoustic microscopes in use today, and was the development that made possible numerous later advances such as cross-sectional acoustic imaging, three-dimensional acoustic imaging, and others.
Range of applications.
The samples imaged by acoustic microscopes are typically assemblies of one or more solid materials that have at least one surface that is either flat or regularly curved. The depth of interest may involve an internal bond between materials, or a depth at which a defect may occur in a homogeneous material. In addition, samples may be characterized without imaging to determine, e.g., their acoustic impedance.
Because of their ability to find visualize features nondestructively, acoustic microscopes are widely used in the production of electronic components and assemblies for quality control, reliability and failure analysis. Usually the interest is in finding and analyzing internal defects such as delaminations, cracks and voids, although an acoustic microscope may also be used simply to verify (by material characterization or imaging, or both) that a given part or a given material meets specifications or, in some instances, is not counterfeit. Acoustic microscopes are also used to image printed circuit boards and other assemblies.
There are in addition numerous applications outside of electronics. The assembly of numerous medical products uses acoustic microscopes to investigate internal bonds and features. For example, a polymer film may be imaged to examine its bond to a multi-channel plastic plate used in blood analysis. In many industries, products that involve tubing, ceramic materials, composite materials or some types of welds may be imaged acoustically.
A more recent application is the use of acoustic microscopy to the diagnosis of the paint layers of painted art and other objects.

</doc>
<doc id="18395237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395237" title="Pieter van den Broecke">
Pieter van den Broecke

Pieter van den Broecke (25 February 1585, Antwerp - 1 December 1640, Strait of Malacca) was a Dutch cloth merchant in the service of the Dutch East India Company (VOC), and one of the first Dutchmen to taste coffee. He also went to Angola three times. He was one of the first Europeans to describe societies in West and Central Africa and in detail trade strategies along the African coast.
Life.
His parents, Pieter van den Broecke Sr and Maiken de Morimont, lived in Antwerp but had to flee to Alkmaar due to Calvinist sympathies. The family lived in Hamburg for a while and left around 1597 for Amsterdam. At the time the VOC began to develop, the younger Pieter joined it as a tradesman and climbed the career ladder. He became chief-tradesman and admiral.
In 1611 he brought in a cargo of 65,000 pounds of ivory to Amsterdam, after capturing a Portuguese ship. In 1614 he visited Mocha and drank "something hot and black, a coffee". He was made the VOC's manager in Dutch Suratte. He described the Ethiopian slave Malik Ambar. From 1616 the establishment there blossomed, with new minor establishments being set up in the hinterland., though in 1617 the "Duyfken", under his command, was wrecked on the Surat coast.
He operated in Maritime Southeast Asia beside Jan Pieterszoon Coen and was present at the battle of Jakarta in 1619. Pieter van den Broecke took over from Coen as head of the Banda Islands. The islands were held to be important to trade due to their superior cloves and nutmeg, and so the Dutch were at that time enforcing a trade monopoly on the unwilling local population through drastic measures. So many inhabitants were killed on Banda that the island had to be deliberately repopulated.
On his retirement he was honoured with a gold chain, which he wears in the portrait by his friend Frans Hals (now hanging in Kenwood House). His son was a "perkenier" (plantation owner) on the Banda Islands. The Van der Broecke family continued to live on Banda for 13 more generations.
Notes.
De Geschiedenis van de VOC by Femme Gaastra, Walburg Press, 2002

</doc>
<doc id="18395248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395248" title="J Mood">
J Mood

J Mood is a jazz album by Wynton Marsalis, released in 1985 by Columbia Records.

</doc>
<doc id="18395254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395254" title="Medical surgical nursing certification">
Medical surgical nursing certification

Medical-surgical nurses who meet eligibility requirements and pass a multiple choice exam become certified.
Medical-surgical nursing certification (and recertification) is offered by two organizations in the US: 

</doc>
<doc id="18395269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395269" title="11th National Winter Games of the People's Republic of China">
11th National Winter Games of the People's Republic of China

The 11th National Winter Games of the People's Republic of China where held in Qiqihar from the 17-Jan to the 27-Jan, 2008. The snow events were held at nearby Yabuli. A total of 92 gold medals were handed out in a number of winter sports.
Sports.
The sports competitions included:
Participating Units.
This event is set up on city or district lines.

</doc>
<doc id="18395271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395271" title="Football 5-a-side at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Football 5-a-side at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

5-a-side football at the 2008 Summer Paralympics was held at the Olympic Green Hockey Field from September 7 and September 17. One event was contested, a men's team competition.
Classification.
The tournament was classified as a B1 event, meaning that it was for blind athletes. Athletes wore eyeshades to ensure that vision-impaired and totally blind athletes were level in ability. Goalkeepers could be sighted as long as they had not been registered with FIFA since 2003. Each team was also allowed to have a guide behind their opponents' goal to direct players. The ball made a rattling sound when kicked, so fans were required to keep quiet during play.
Competition format.
The six teams first played a singe round-robin tournament. Then the top two teams competed for the gold medal, the third and fourth place teams competed for the bronze medal, and the remaining two teams played a match to determine fifth and sixth place.

</doc>
<doc id="18395274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395274" title="Azurest South">
Azurest South

Azurest South, the home and workplace of Amaza Lee Meredith (one of the nation’s first black female architects) is one of the few examples in Virginia, USA of the Post World War I German style: International Style. Meredith was the founder of the fine arts department of Virginia State University in 1930. She shared the home with her companion, Dr. Edna Meade Colson, dean of the Virginia State University School of Education.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="18395285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395285" title="Looking for a Home (album)">
Looking for a Home (album)

Looking For A Home is an album by American folk singer Odetta, released in 2001. It consists of songs written and/or performed by Huddie Ledbetter, better known as Leadbelly.
Track listing.
All songs by Huddie Ledbetter, also known as Leadbelly unless otherwise noted.

</doc>
<doc id="18395289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395289" title="Niels Mueller">
Niels Mueller

Niels Mueller is a filmmaker currently resident in Los Angeles. He was born and raised in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, and attended Tufts University where he earned a BA. While an undergraduate, he collaborated with fellow-student Gary Winick on a number of independent film projects. Mueller subsequently attended film school at UCLA where he earned an MFA. His most notable work remains "The Assassination of Richard Nixon" (2004), starring Sean Penn, which he directed and also co-wrote with Kevin Kennedy. Other writing projects include "Tadpole" (2002), which he co-wrote, "13 Going on 30" (2004), although he lost an initial writing credit on this latter film in a subsequent dispute arbitrated by the Writers Guild of America, "Letters to Juliet" (2010), and "Rat Bastard" (in production). He has additionally worked as an editor and producer, "Sweet Nothing" (1996). A pilot he wrote with Kevin Kennedy, "The Defenders", was picked up by CBS television for the Fall 2010 season, and ran through Spring 2011. The series, starring James Belushi and Jerry O'Connell, chronicled the adventures of two defense attorneys in Las Vegas.

</doc>
<doc id="18395301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395301" title="Peter Ladue">
Peter Ladue

Peter Ladue (born 1950) is an American film director and writer. In 1981, Ladue and Roland Halle' won the Oscar for Best Documentary Short Subject [http://awardsdatabase.oscars.org/ampas_awards/DisplayMain.jsp?curTime=1215738503788] for producing "". Incorporating interviews, archival footage, and animation, the film chronicles the life of Karl Hess.
"Karl Hess: Toward Liberty".
This 26 minute film, Ladue's and Halle's master thesis, was produced at Boston University's College of Communications, Graduate Film Program. The film's style and approach is a reaction to the "Direct Cinema" movement Direct Cinema and co-called "balanced" television documentaries of the 1960s and 1970s. "Direct Cinema" made a claim on "objectivity" (real stories about real life), while "Karl Hess: Toward Liberty" tells a transparently "subjective" story, presenting the point-of-view of one man who experienced American politics from both the inside and out.
Academy Award.
In 1981, the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences' (AMPAS) AMPAS 53rd award ceremony was delayed, 53rd Academy Awardsalmost cancelled, when President Ronald Reagan was shot on the day of the scheduled event The following day, the Academy Awards took place with the President addressing the audience via a television remote link-up from his hospital bed. Receiving the award from actors Richard Chamberlain and Lesley-Anne Down, Ladue and Halle' thanked the team of Boston University students and others who collaborated in the making of the film. "Karl Hess: Toward Liberty" was the first AMPAS Student Film Award-winner [http://www.oscars.org/saa/winners/wins_nominated.html to also be awarded an "Oscar".
Additional Awards.
In addition to winning the Oscar, the film also was awarded the FOCUS Student Film Award, in 1980; the AMPAS Student Film Award, in 1980 the CINE Golden Eagle, in 1981 [http://www.cine.org/golden-eagle-award.php, along with 18 additional international festivals, including the American Film Institute's AFI Award, in 1981 [http://www.afi.com/tvevents/afiawards/default.aspx]. "Karl Hess: Toward Liberty" was screened at the White House and the New York Museum of Modern Art, as a result of the FOCUS Award and toured the world, as part of the CINE program.
Additional Productions.
Ladue also won an "Emmy Award" for "Best Sports Special", in 1996, for directing "The Banner Years: The Official History of the Boston Garden". Just one month after release, "Banner Years" became the all-time best-selling special interest video in New England.
In 1996, working with local high school students and a team of creative professionals, Ladue directed production of "The Civil Right Rap" [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RM7dcWR-jCo&feature=related], a music video designed to reacquaint young people with the 1960s Civil Rights Movement. This educational video was screened at the United Nations, on BET and was distributed to over a thousand high schools.
He also directed production of "Saving Place", a widely televised documentary on preserving the character of rural New England, for the National Trust for Historic Preservation.

</doc>
<doc id="18395303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395303" title="Timothy E. Hoeksema">
Timothy E. Hoeksema

Timothy E. Hoeksema (born January 25, 1947) was the chairman of Midwest Air Group who transformed the air fleet of the Kimberly Clark paper mill company into Midwest Airlines. He retired in July 2009 after the company was sold to Republic Airways Holdings after running into financial trouble.
Hoeksema was a flight instructor at the University of Illinois at Champaign in 1968. Hoeksema joined Kimberly-Clark in 1969 serving as first officer of the company's air fleet -- the same year that Kimberly-Clark started its K-C Aviation subsidiary. He graduated summa cum laude from Western Michigan University in 1972 with a bachelor of science in aviation engineering technology.
In 1974 he became chief pilot for Kimberly-Clark. In 1977 after receiving a master’s degree in business administration while on a Kimberly-Clark scholarship to the University of Chicago Executive Program.
he was named director of air transportation for the company and president of K-C Aviation.
In 1984 he was responsible for transforming K-C Aviation into a commercial company Midwest Express which started out with two DC-9 planes.
In 1988 he was named head of Kimberly Clark's transportation sector.
In 1995 the airline's parent Midwest Airgroup was listed on the American Stock Exchange.
In 2007-2008 he fought a takeover attempt by AirTran Airlines in the "Save the Cookie" campaign (a take off on the company's signature service of providing on board baked chocolate chip cookies to its passengers) before ultimately agreeing to a private takeover from a consortium led by TPG Capital with a minority investment by Northwest Airlines. He remained the chief executive of the airline under its new owners. TPG bought the company for $452 million in 2008. In July 2009 it sold it for $31 million.
He is also a director at the Marcus Corporation and is on the Board of Trustees of the Medical College of Wisconsin.

</doc>
<doc id="18395307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395307" title="MS Polarfront">
MS Polarfront

MS "Polarfront" was a Norwegian weather ship located in the North Atlantic. She was the last remaining weather ship in the world, maintained by the Norwegian Meteorological Institute.
A weather ship is a ship stationed in mid-ocean to make meteorological observations for weather forecasting. Since the 1960s this role has been largely superseded by satellites, long range aircraft and weather buoys.
MS "Polarfront" was known as the weather station M ("Mike"), and was located at 66°N, 02°E. Standard meteorological observations were performed on an hourly basis since the beginning of the 1960s.
On February 27, 2009, the cancellation of the station was announced. MS "Polarfront" was removed from service January 1, 2010.
History of Station M.
The International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) took the responsibility to operate an international network of Ocean Weather Stations in The North-Atlantic. The network was established in 1948 and consisted of 13 stations. Station ‘M’ (Mike) was one of these. The need for weather ships from civil aviation decreased gradually while the Meteorological society still needed the observations from the oceans. In 1974 the World Meteorological Organization (WMO) took the responsibility for the four remaining stations. The international agreement about weather ships was ended in 1990. Great Britain and Norway continued the operation of one station each, Lima west of Scotland and Mike in the Norwegian Sea. Lima was ended in the middle of the 1990s. Thus Mike was the only one still remaining. 
The first two weather ships to man station “M” were "Polarfront I" and "Polarfront II". The Norwegian authorities were the ship owners. The ships were rebuilt Royal Navy corvettes ( and ). They were on duty until 1974 and 1976. In 1974 the Norwegian state made an agreement with the shipping company Misje Offshore Marine AS in Bergen to hire a new and modern ship, which was given the name "Polarfront". 
For several years the ship alternated with the Dutch weather ship "Cumulus" to man station ‘M’. From 1986 and onward "Polarfront" manned station ‘M’ alone. Each month "Polarfront" left the station for 1-2 days to take on a new crew and new supplies. Once a year, usually in the beginning of October, the ship stayed in her home port for a week to carry out maintenance.

</doc>
<doc id="18395318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395318" title="Mythimna l-album">
Mythimna l-album

The L-album Wainscot ("Mythimna l-album") is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is distributed throughout Europe, but is also found in North Africa from Morocco to Tunisia and in the Levant. It is not found in the far north of the Arabian Peninsula.
The wingspan is 30–35 mm. The length of the forewings varies from 15 to 16 mm. The species occurs mainly in July and again in September and October. The species survives winter as a caterpillar when it feeds on various grasses
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18395323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395323" title="Ke Jiusi">
Ke Jiusi

Ke Jiusi (); ca. (1290-1343) was a Chinese landscape painter, calligrapher, and poet during the Yuan Dynasty (1271–1368).
Ke was born in the Zhejiang province. His style name was 'Jingzhong' (敬仲) and his pseudonyms were 'Dan qiusheng' (丹丘生) and 'Wuyun geli' (五云阁吏). Ke's painting followed the style of Wen Tong, utilizing bold and delicate brush strokes in a composed atmosphere. Ke's poetry included "The Collection of Dan Qiushen" (丹丘生集).

</doc>
<doc id="18395324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395324" title="Utah State Route 60">
Utah State Route 60

State Route 60 (SR-60) is a state highway in the U.S. state of Utah, serving local traffic in the Ogden area. It parallels I-84 from SR-26 in Riverdale to US-89 in South Weber, and was part of the first state highway into Weber Canyon.
Route description.
The entire length of SR-60 is just south of the Weber River and north of the Davis-Weber Canal in the cities of Riverdale and South Weber. The highway begins at SR-26 (Riverdale Road) and heads south under I-84, turning southeast at the SR-168 intersection and slowly climbing towards the end at US-89. Cornia Drive - formerly SR-49A - continues straight at the east terminus, an interchange with US-89 near the mouth of the Weber Canyon. Traffic wanting to continue east through the canyon, leaving the Weber Valley to cross the Wasatch Range, heads north on US-89 to I-84.
History.
The road from SR-1 (US-91, now SR-26) at Riverdale Junction east into Weber Canyon became a state highway in 1912 and part of SR-5 and US-30S in the 1920s. It was also along the route of the transcontinental Lincoln Highway from September 1913 until April 1915, when the auto trail was moved to the more direct Parley's Canyon. In 1927, the state legislature defined a new route for SR-5 that began farther north on SR-1 in Ogden; the old alignment between SR-1 and the canyon was initially a branch of SR-49 (now US-89), but in 1935 it was split off as State Route 60. At the west end, a short realignment was built with federal aid as a national defense project in the early 1940s to improve access to the Ogden Ordnance Depot. The new road bypassed what is now 1150 West, and continued south from SR-60 to the depot along what is now SR-168. The east end was realigned in about 2000 when US-89 was reconstructed.

</doc>
<doc id="18395346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395346" title="Chit Chat Von Loopin Stab">
Chit Chat Von Loopin Stab

Chit Chat Von Loopin Stab (real name: Glenn Easton Dormand 
better known by his stage name Chit Chat Von Loopin Stab) is an Australian songwriter, musician, record producer, remixer, TV presenter, radio announcer, and video director. He is best known as one of the founding members of the band Machine Gun Fellatio and his presenting work on pay TV music channel MAX. In 1998, he won an ARIA Music Award for Song of the Year for "No Aphrodisiac" (co-written with Tim Freedman and Matt Ford). Chit Chat has also won an Inside Film Award and has been nominated for an Australian Film Institute Award.
Beginnings.
Chit Chat began his musical career with the band Vrag. He was the lead singer and lyricist during the group's existence from 1988 until 1994. Vrag's four full members and two part-time vocalists would later form Machine Gun Fellatio (MGF). The only non-Vrag band member to be in MGF was Pinky Beecroft. In 2006, Vrag reformed and performed a show at Sydney's Annandale Hotel
Machine Gun Fellatio.
Chit Chat and 3k Short started the band in 1996 and undertook songwriting, producing and management duties until the group split in 2005.
Their first release, "Unsound Sounds", was a collection of songs by themselves and two other bands, The Libertines and Limebunnies. All three bands were formed by Chit Chat.
MGF performed live at Big Day Out in 2002 and 2003. They have also played at Homebake on three separate occasions (2000, 2001, 2002, and 2004). In addition to these festivals, MGF have played at Livid (2001 and 2002), the Woodford Folk Festival, Rock-It, St Kilda Festival and Gone South. 
The group made televised appearances on Rove, Late Night in Sibera, The Monday Dump, The Joint and What U Want. 
The band played support for Primus, Robbie Williams, Duran Duran, Garbage and Kiss.
MGF was noted for their wild live shows, which often involved both male and female nudity, light bondage gear and implied sexual intercourse with their instruments. This led to RMIT University and Swinburne University of Technology cancelling scheduled performances. Chit Chat himself was known for performing with just a Winnie-the-Pooh plush toy strapped to his genitals. In 2003, this practice caused issues at LA's Viper Room. Recounts Chit Chat: "The first problem was that it took a really long time to get my clothes off, because I had broken collar bone. But we were still goin' nuts. I mean, I wanted to give the people the full show. Then these enormous black guys [working security started walking towards me and it became obvious the venue was shutting me down. It was a bit scary. I guess it would have been scarier if there were two very large black men coming at me saying, 'Take your clothes off!'"
Overall, MGF released three albums, all of which were co-produced by Chit Chat. Their debut, "Bring It On!", was certified gold; the follow-up, "Paging Mr. Strike", was certified platinum. Their final album, "On Ice", was released in 2004.
Chit Chat is now a TV and Radio Host, Documentary Film Maker and records with his new band “The Stickup Kids".
Television.
Chit Chat is the primary artist interviewer for pay TV music channel MAX. During his seven years with the channel, he has interviewed over 700 acts, including Oasis, The Who, Foo Fighters, Slash, Mumford and Sons, Coldplay, Alicia Keys, Pink, Blondie, Stevie Nicks, Lionel Richie, Kylie Minogue, Noel Gallagher, Marilyn Manson and Lenny Kravitz. He has been involved with the following programs: The Know, The MAX Sessions, MAX Masters (also wrote the theme), MAX Recommends (also wrote the theme), Take Five and various specials, including Sound Relief, the APRA Awards and twice hosting the St Kilda Festival and AMP Awards. 
Before the show ended in 2009, Chit Chat was, at five years, the longest serving presenter on "The Know".
After the death of Crowded House drummer Paul Hester in 2005, Chit Chat took over hosting duties of The MAX Sessions. The show has twice been honoured with an ASTRA Award. 
Chit Chat is the narrator and conducts all of the interviews for this MAX Masters, an ASTRA Award-winning monthly music documentary that focuses on an individual artist. 
Chit Chat also served as host for the benefit shows WaveAid and Sound Relief, both of which won ASTRA Awards.
"Great Music Cities of the World" is an 8 part Documentary series researched and developed by Chit Chat from a title by Dorothy Markek. Over 18 months Chit Chat interviewed 210 artists on 3 continents. The series started airing in April 2012 and is now in constant repeat.
In Late Sept 2012 Chit Chat appeared on SBS's RocKwiz under his birth name of Glenn 
Chit Chat is currently working on 3 new Documentaries about 3 unique Australian talents Midnight Oil, Cold Chisel and Mike Chapman. He is also developing a six-part series dedicated to "Musical Oddities".
Chit Chat features in a Max on-air promo for "Max Recommends", set in restaurant, in which he plays all parts, male and female. As the waiter, he says to two more of him sitting at one table, "..so have you fine looking gentlemen decided what you'll have?"
Film.
In 2000 Chit Chat, 3k Short and Pinky Beecroft composed the score for Academy Award winner Lizzy Gardiner's documentary on director Stephan Elliott, "Killing Priscilla". The documentary featured Ashley Judd, k.d. lang and Ewan McGregor.
In 2003, Chit Chat and 3k Short wrote the original score for the Jonathon Teplitzky film "Gettin' Square". For this they won the IF Award for Best Music and received an AFI Award nomination for Best Original Score. The pair originally rejected this job but later agreed after seeing David Wenham's courtroom scene.
Chit Chat scored the 2010 documentary "You Only Live Twice: The Incredible True Story Of The Hughes Family", which won the AFI Award for Best Documentary Under One Hour.
Advertisements.
Chit Chat and 3k Short have scored many award-winning and controversial TVC's:
Radio.
From 2008 until 2010, Chit Chat presented two weekly shows: "Planet Rock", which was syndicated to 56 stations nationally, and "Homebrew", which appeared on Triple M.
Other Work.
Remixes.
With 3k Short
With Scottie Scott 
Recorded co-writes.
Chit Chat has teamed-up with long time writing partner Scottie Scott and formed The StickUp Kids. Their EP "Take on the World" was released in 2010. They won an ABC Broadcasters Choice Award for the track "Make Time For Love" and were nominated for Best Rock Song at the 2010 Musicoz awards for "Blame It on the Rock n Roll"
Adult Films.
Prior to Machine Gun Fellatio achieving success, Chit Chat provided scores for local adult films. According to Chit Chat: “We initially self-financed the band by doing porn soundtracks, which is funny and I don’t mind mentioning. It’s really hard to do porn. You think it’s going to be easy – you’re just going to get the wah pedal and knock it out, but you’ve pretty much got to write wall-to-wall sound and add dynamics for a 20-minute scene. It’s a lot of music."
He collaborated with Scottie Scott (Scott Chapman) and MGF bandmates 3k Short and Loveshark on the soundtracks to "Raw Strip", "AUS VR" (also served as 2nd Camera) and "Sasha And Amber's Hardcore Holiday" (also served as 2nd Camera and Producer).
Mention has been made in MGF press materials and interviews about a film helmed by Chit Chat titled "Fisting by the Pool" but no physical evidence of the film exists. Not publicly, at least.
Current.
Chit Chat has teamed-up with long time writing partner Scottie Scott and formed The StickUp Kids. Their EP "Take on the World" was released in 2010. They won an ABC Broadcasters Choice Award for the track “Make Time For Love” and were nominated for Best Rock Song at the 2010 Musicoz awards for "Blame It on the Rock n Roll".
Personal.
Chit Chat has been married since 2005 and has two daughters. He and his family live in Newcastle, New South Wales.

</doc>
<doc id="18395354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395354" title="Three Mills Lock">
Three Mills Lock

Three Mills Lock, also known as the Prescott Lock is a lock on the Prescott Channel on the River Lea in London. The project was led by British Waterways and the lock officially opened on 5 June 2009.
The lock cuts off this section of the Bow Back Rivers from the tide, creating new opportunities for leisure boats, water taxis, trip boats and floating restaurants. It also helps freight traffic such as barges carrying construction materials to the sites of the 2012 Olympics and Stratford City.
Design.
Three Mills Lock has been built on the Prescott Channel, which was constructed in the 1930s as part of a scheme for flood prevention and the creation of employment. It bypassed the tide mills at Three Mills, and included a sluice structure, which was used to control levels in the Bow Back Rivers much as the present structure is. This original structure became inoperative by the mid 1960s, and was removed in the 1980s, as the Bow Back Rivers had been classified as Remainder Waterways by the 1968 British Waterways Act, and there was no funding for maintenance. A consequence of this was that the rivers reverted to being tidal. This made navigation difficult, since there was not enough water at low tide, and at high tide, there was insufficient headroom, due to the low level of the Northern Outfall Sewer, which crosses the waterways.
With the selection of the island formed by the City Mills River and the Lee Navigation as the site for the 2012 London Olympics main stadium, restoration of the channels was thought to be an important part of the site development, particularly as it might allow some of the construction materials to be delivered by barge. A new lock and sluice structure was therefore designed for the Prescott Channel, with a second sluice on the Three Mills Wall River to prevent tidal water flowing backwards through the Three Mills tide mill. Prior to the development, tidal levels on the Bow Back Rivers reached above ordnance datum (AOD) on spring tides. The sluice is designed to stabilise levels at AOD, and the lock structure therefore has to cope with levels on the downstream side which might be higher or lower than those on the upstream side.
The new lock is long, wide and deep, and is able to hold two 350-tonne barges (the present locks on the nearby Lee Navigation limit barges to about 120 tonnes). The tidal range is handled by the use of hydraulic sector gates at both ends of the lock, and the structure incorporates two large rising radial gates for flood control in the Bow Back Rivers.
A site in the river, just south of this lock is the resting place of the remains of the Euston Arch. A footbridge for pedestrians and a fish pass for migrating fish is incorporated into the design of the lock, and British Waterways claim there will be associated improvements to the navigation and tow path, as a part of the Olympic legacy.
Impact.
The effect of building the lock, together with the Three Mills Wall River Weir is to lock out the tide just north of the House Mill. This means that this section of the Bow Back Rivers has ceased to be tidal. The lock has been constructed so that barges from two large building projects (the London 2012 Olympics and Stratford City) may pass through the lock, taking spoil out and delivering building materials on to the sites, via a new wharf on the Waterworks River. The barges will pass directly into the northern section of Bow Creek to the River Thames. The head of water created by the lock may be used to fill the mill pound and once more allow operation of the Three Mills tidal mill.
History.
An unexploded "Hermann" bomb from World War II was found on 2 June 2008. The bomb was made safe, in a controlled explosion, after five days of disruption to tube and rail services.
The lock opened officially on Friday 5 June 2009, and has begun limited operations, but the expected use of the lock is just "one barge a week".
Transport links.
West Ham and Bromley-by-Bow are the nearest London Underground stations. The nearest Docklands Light Railway stations are "Bow Church" and "Pudding Mill Lane"

</doc>
<doc id="18395360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395360" title="Crossgate">
Crossgate

Crossgate or Cross Gate may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18395362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395362" title="BAP Apurimac">
BAP Apurimac

The Apurímac was the second steam frigate of the Peruvian Navy, built in England in 1855 along with the steamers "Loa" and "Tumbes" as a part of a major built-up of the Navy during the government of President José Rufino Echenique. Veteran of two wars and many internal conflicts, from 1873 due her age it served as training ship in Callao port until January 17, 1881, when she was scuttled along with the rest of the Peruvian Navy to prevent being capture by the Chilean troops who occupied the port after the defeat of the Peruvian Army in the battle of San Juan and Miraflores.
Construction.
In 1852, Peru had one of the most powerful navies in the continent. It had two steam warships: the paddle steamer "Rímac" and the screw frigate "Amazonas", and was surpassed only by Brazil and the United States of America, but inferior to the fleets that France and England had in the Pacific, which had also recently been reinforced with steam warships. In order to prevent a European intervention (the Royal Navy had several encounters with the Peruvian Navy in 1830 and 1844), a commission was sent to England to order three more steam warships: a screw frigate and two schooners. Therefore, the "Apurímac" was ordered in August, 1852 and build in the Richard & Harvey Green Shipyard in London, under the supervision of the Chilean Captain Jose Maria Salcedo, who served in the Peruvian Navy. The ship was commissioned in August, 1855 and arrived at the port of Callao on November 12, 1855.
Peruvian Civil War of 1856-58.
On November 16, 1856 the frigate, anchored in Arica, was taken by two young officers in favor of Manuel Ignacio de Vivanco, these were the Second Lieutenant Lizardo Montero and Lieutenant Miguel Grau, who took the opportunity to seize the ship when her commander, Captain José María Salcedo; was on shore visiting the house of the local British Consul. The first act of the rebel ship was the release of the political prisoners taken by the President Ramon Castilla in the hulks "Caupolicán" and "Highlander" in Arica.
Then the "Apurímac" sailed north and stirred up an insurrection on the schooner "Loa", sent by the government to intercept the rebel ship. By this point President Castilla had declared that the rebel ships were pirate ships and set a reward of 200 thousand pesos for her capture. Therefore, the government sent a fleet composed of the steamers "Tumbes" and "Izcuchaca", under the command of Captain Ignacio Mariátegui to capture the rebel's ships, but on November 17 the "Tumbes" defected to the rebels, leaving the government with only the steamer "Ucayali" as the sole significant warship of the Peruvian Navy, because the steam frigate "Amazonas" was en route to Hong Kong for repairs.
On November 27, the "Apurímac" and "Tumbes" raided and then left the port of Arica after the refusal of the garrison to resupply the rebel ships. A few days later, on December 28, the fleet captured the Chincha Islands and the steamer "Izcuchaca". By the end of the year, the original reward for her capture was raised to 500 thousand pesos.
A few days later, the "Apurimac" along with the schooners "Loa" and "Tumbes", began the blockade of Callao port on December 31, which was defended only by the "Ucayali" and the old colonial fortress of Real Felipe. After January 4 the blockade was sustained only by the frigate, which tried to capture the "Ucayali" on January 28, but the ship was well defended by the commander Mariátegui and the guns on land. Finally, the frigate left the port by March 30 to resupply in Pisco.
The ship returned on April 30, carrying Vivanco and his army on board with the help of the steamer "Huaras", disembarking all the troops the next day in the mouth of the Rimac river with the intention of capturing the port by surprise, but the assault was a complete failure and Vivanco with his remaining troops left Callao on April 26 to meet the rest of the rebel fleet in the Chincha Islands.
But the Peruvian government took new measures to recover the control of the sea, and on May 21 they signed an accord with the representatives of Great Britain and France to allow their ships to protect the guano production and their economical interests. At the same time President Castilla offered an unconditional pardon to the rebellious sailors. Knowing this, along with the fact that the "Apurimac" could be defeated by the French and British steam frigates, the rebel officers decided to surrender the fleet, which left the Chincha islands on May 22, and arrived at Callao two days later where it was seized by the government.
War with Ecuador of 1857-60.
Renamed "Callao" by President Castilla on April 28, 1858, the frigate participated in the blockade of Guayaquil under the command of the Admiral Ignacio Mariátegui as flagship of the Peruvian Navy. The blockade started on November 4, 1858; and lasted for a year until the assault and capturing of the port in November, 1860.
After the campaign, the frigate was laid up in a floating dock near the San Lorenzo island, but on December 17, 1860 the ship sank along with the dock. On board the ship was her commander, Captain Silva Rodríguez and the entire crew, including cooks, musicians and visitors from Callao. The ship rolled to port, killing 100 people, including crewman and dock operators, and leaving 88 wounded.
Raising and reconstruction.
In order to recover the ship the Plenipotentiary Minister of Perú in the United States, Federico Barreda, contracted the brothers Renton and Addison Crosby in Brooklyn for 100 thousand pesos to perform the difficult task. The ship was almost raised on September 11, 1863, but the lack of hoses to extract the water of the hull prevented the wreck from being completely raised, and she sank again. The ship was finally raised and beached in the San Lorenzo island on April 16, 1863 and was renamed "Apurimac" again.
After three years submerged, the ship received extensive repairs between 1863 and 1864, which included the addition of rail armor in the floating line and the hull was protected with chains; but these modifications reduced the speed of the frigate to with steam, and affected her maneuverability. The start of the Civil War of 1865 caught the "Apurímac" without masts, nevertheless the frigate participated in the bombardment of Arica that same year.
The Chincha Islands War and the Naval Battle of Abtao.
Immediately after the declaration of war against Spain, the "Apurimac" (still unmasted), along with the steam frigate "Amazonas", was sent to Chile under the command of Captain Lizardo Montero to join the Chilean schooner "Covadonga" in the Chiloé Archipelago, in order to await the arrival of two new steam corvettes of the Peruvian Navy, the "Unión" and "America". During the voyage the "Amazonas" was lost near Punta Quilque, and the "Apurímac" suffered from engine problems, but the fleet finally reunited on February 4, 1866 in Chayalhue naval post, recently established on the island of Abtao and was put under command of the Peruvian Captain Manuel Villar.
On February 7, the Spanish steam frigates "Reina Blanca" and "Villa de Madrid" appeared off the inlet of Abtao. The allied fleet, aware of the enemy presence, formed a line of battle in the opposite inlet, covering the three entrances to the naval post. The Spanish frigates slowly entered the cove but the "Apurimac" started the battle by opening fire at 1500 meters, being followed by the rest of the allied fleet
The Spanish ships returned fire, but the accurate gunnery of the allied ships forced them to seek cover behind Abtao island, and continue the battle with elevation shots. Finally, the Spaniards slowly retreated after two hours of battle and 1500 shots from both sides. The "Apurimac" received moderate damage, with three impacts in her floating line and minor damage on the main deck. The ship remained in Chile until the end of the war.
Later years: War of the Pacific.
After her arrival at Callao, the ship received general repairs and was finally masted, serving until 1873 when her boilers and engine became unusable and were removed, then the frigate was recommissioned as a training vessel. In 1877, the rail and chain armor installed in 1865 was removed during a major repair, allowing the recover of her original stability.
The frigate continued serving in that role until the start of the War of the Pacific, when the "Apurimac" remained in Callao harbor as a hulk during the first part of the war. Later she escaped damage from the continuous attacks of the Chilean Navy during the blockade of Callao between 1880 and 1881, but after the defeat of the Peruvian Army in the battles of San Juan and Miraflores, the Secretary of the Navy, Captain Manuel Villar, ordered during the night of January 16, 1881 the destruction of the port defenses and the remaining ships of the Peruvian Navy
, including the frigate "Apurimac", to prevent their capture by the Chilean troops. The order was executed by the captains Germán Astete and Manuel Villavisencio during the dawn of January 17, 1881.

</doc>
<doc id="18395386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395386" title="Jamal Taha">
Jamal Taha

Jamal Taha (born in 23 November 1966) is a former Lebanese international football striker. He represented Lebanon at the 2000 AFC Asian Cup in Lebanon. He began his playing career with Al-Ansar, later after his retirement, he went and coached the same club.

</doc>
<doc id="18395391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395391" title="Kami-Fukuoka Station">
Kami-Fukuoka Station

Lines.
Kami-Fukuoka Station is served by the Tobu Tojo Line from in Tokyo, with some services inter-running via the Tokyo Metro Yurakucho Line to and the Tokyo Metro Fukutoshin Line to and onward via the Tokyu Toyoko Line and Minato Mirai Line to . Located between and , it is 25.9 km from the Ikebukuro terminus. Only Semi express, Commuter express, and Local services stop at this station.
Station layout.
The station consists of a single island platform serving two tracks. The station building is located over the platform with exits on both north and south sides. Lifts were added to either side in 2009 and 2010.
This station has a season ticket sales office.
A storage siding is located to the west (Kawagoe direction) of the station between the up and down tracks, and this is used to stable trains during the daytime off peak.
History.
The station opened on 1 May 1914 coinciding with the opening of the Tojo Railway line from Ikebukuro.
In September 1967, the platforms were extended to accommodate 8-car trains, and the platforms were again extended in November 1976 to accommodate 10-car trains.
Through-running to and from via the Tokyo Metro Fukutoshin Line commenced on 14 June 2008.
From 17 March 2012, station numbering was introduced on the Tobu Tojo Line, with Kami-Fukuoka Station becoming "TJ-19".
Through-running to and from and via the Tokyu Toyoko Line and Minatomirai Line commenced on 16 March 2013.
Passenger statistics.
In fiscal 2011, the station was used by an average of 53,023 passengers daily.
Passenger figures for previous years (boarding passengers only) are as shown below.
Accidents.
On 14 January 2003 at 20:38, an unidentified passenger fell from the platform under the influence of alcohol and was killed by a passing train.
On 23 January 2006 at 12:55, a man jumped from the down platform in front of an approaching non-stop train travelling at approximately 90 km/h and was killed instantly.
On 18 October 2006 at 10:09, an unidentified person entered the No. 135 level crossing close to the station and was killed instantly by an approaching train travelling at approximately 85 km/h.
On 11 May 2007 at 11:29, a woman jumped from the platform in front of an approaching non-stop train travelling at approximately 95 km/h and was killed instantly.
On 30 July 2007 at 20:02, a man in his twenties sat down on the track in front of an approaching non-stop train (set 51001) travelling at approximately 80 km/h and was killed instantly.
On 1 November 2007 at 20:29, a 53-year-old woman jumped from the down platform in front of an approaching non-stop train travelling at approximately 90 km/h and was killed instantly.
On 7 July 2008 at 00:47, a 22-year-old woman sat down on the down track close to the No. 135 level crossing near the station and was killed instantly by an approaching train travelling at approximately 80 km/h.
On 4 September 2008 at 10:42, a 28-year-old woman was injured after jumping from the platform 5 metres in front of an approaching train travelling at approximately 40 km/h. The windscreen of the train was damaged.

</doc>
<doc id="18395392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395392" title="Football 7-a-side at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Football 7-a-side at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

7-a-side football at the 2008 Summer Paralympics was held at the Olympic Green Hockey Field from September 8 to September 16. One event was contested, a men's team competition.
Classfication.
The sport of 7-a-side football is for people with cerebral palsy; athletes classified as CP5 through CP8 may take part. The classification system grades player by the extent of their disability, with lower numbers corresponding to more severe impairment. At least one CP5 or CP6 player, and no more than three CP8 players, may be on the field at a given time.
Competition format.
The eight teams were divided into two even groups for a single round robin group stage. The top two teams of each group qualified for the semifinal, while the lower two teams from each group competed for 5th through 8th places. Games consisted of two 30-minute halves. A victory ceremony was held just after the finish of the gold medal match, at 18:00 on September 16.

</doc>
<doc id="18395403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395403" title="Mythimna unipuncta">
Mythimna unipuncta

The White-Speck ("Mythimna unipuncta") is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found North America, the Hawaiian Islands, in some areas of South America, southern Europe, North Africa, the Sahel region of Africa, Central Asia and Bangladesh to the East and East Africa.
The wingspan is 41–48 mm. The length of the forewings varies from 18 to 21 mm.
The White-Speck is a migrant species, recorded in most months, but most frequent between August and October. .
The larva feeds on various grasses.
Larvae.
The larva of "Mythimna unipuncta" is known as the "true armyworm" or "common armyworm" and is a major agricultural pest in North America. Armyworms feed on Gramineae, which includes weedy grasses as well as important crops like hay, barley, corn, millet, oats, rice, rye, sorghum, sugarcane, and wheat.
Outbreaks.
Outbreaks of common armyworm swarms are not uncommon.
In the United States, the western regions of New York State experienced an outbreak of common armyworms around May 2012. While the infestation remained fairly localized, it had a significant impact on local agriculture and farming.

</doc>
<doc id="18395409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395409" title="Swatch FIVB World Tour 2006">
Swatch FIVB World Tour 2006

The Swatch FIVB World Tour 2006 was the 2006 official international beach volleyball tour.
Grand Slam.
There were four Grand Slam tournaments. These events give a higher number of points and more money than the rest of the tournaments.

</doc>
<doc id="18395415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395415" title="Walwick Grange">
Walwick Grange

Walwick Grange is a privately owned 18th-century country house ( now a farmhouse) situated on the bank of the River North Tyne close to Hadrians Wall at Warden, Northumberland. It is a Grade II* listed building.
Walwick was the seat of the Errington family from the mid 16th century. The three storey five bayed house was built, probably on the site of a medieval tower house in the early 18th century.
William Errington of Walwick Grange was High Sheriff of Northumberland in 1739. His son John built a new house at Chesters (Humshaugh) in the 1770s.
Medieval fishponds nearby have Scheduled Ancient Monument status.

</doc>
<doc id="18395437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395437" title="Li Kan (painter)">
Li Kan (painter)

Lǐ Kàn ("Li K'an", traditional: 李衎, simplified: 李衎; c. 1245 – 1320) was a Chinese painter during the Yuan Dynasty (1271–1368).
Li was born in Jiqiu county (present-day Beijing). His style name was 'Zhong Bin' and his sobriquet was 'Xi Zhai'. Li had lived for some time in a bamboo valley, which inspired many if his works. His ink bamboo executed refined strokes which were commented on their realism, followed the style of Wen Tong.

</doc>
<doc id="18395448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395448" title="Mythimna vitellina">
Mythimna vitellina

The Delicate ("Mythimna vitellina") is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is distributed throughout South and the southern part of Eastern Europe. It is also found in 
North Africa, the Near East and Middle East, centraal Asia and western China.
The wingspan is 36–43 mm. The length of the forewings varies from 12 to 14 mm.
The flight season is recorded in August and October, but also sometimes earlier in the season. .
The moth feeds on various grasses.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18395467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395467" title="Mwana Kupona">
Mwana Kupona

Mwana Kupona binti Msham (born on Pate Island, died c.1865) was a Swahili poet of the 19th century, author of a poem called Utendi wa Mwana Kupona ("The Book of Mwana Kupona"), which is one of the most well-known works of early Swahili literature. 
Relatively little is known about her life. Her grandson Muhammed bin Abdalla reported in the 1930s that Mwana Kupona was born on Pate Island, and that she was the last wife of sheikh Bwana Mataka, ruler of Siu (or Siyu), with whom she had two children. Mataka died in 1856; two years later, Mwana Kupona wrote her famous poem, dedicated to her 14 year old daughter Mwana Heshima. Mwana Kupona died around 1865 of uterine hemorrhaging.
"Utendi wa Mwana Kupona".
The poem dates to about 1858 (year 1275 of the Islamic calendar), and is centered on the teachings and advice of Mwana Kupona to her daughter, concerning marriage and wifely duties. Despite the seemingly secular subject, the book is prominently religious and even mystical, and it has been compared to the Biblical "Book of Proverbs". A few lines of the poem are dedicated to the author herself:

</doc>
<doc id="18395468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395468" title="Robert Page (Lifetime Group)">
Robert Page (Lifetime Group)

Robert Page MA is best known for having created "The Lovers' Guide" in 1991, when the British Board of Film Classification allowed him to make an explicit adult sex education title for release on video. It immediately went to Number One in the UK video charts and went into 13 languages and 22 territories.
He has since supervised "The Lovers' Guides growth into a library of ten videos and DVDs (distributed by such blue-chip companies as Universal, ITV Video, VCI, and Warners and shown on pay-per-view on Sky Box Office); three books (Pan Macmillan, Bloomsbury and Carlton Publishing); two CD ROMs (Waddington's, YTV/Thomson Int'l); 85 issues of a part-work/magazine (Marshall Cavendish); games including Fun-in-Bed (Double-G); card packs – "The Lovers' Guide Lovemaking Deck" (Connections Publishing); a major website at www.loversguide.com; and various mobile applications including "Text Tips 4 Lovers", a daily sex tip service for Channel 4. "The Lovers' Guide" has also featured in two dedicated documentaries: "The Making of the Lovers' Guide" on Channel 5 and "Daring Himself" on Sky One and there are iTV games and quizzes produced by PlayJam and Two Way TV. "The Lovers' Guide" reached number 63 in Channel 4's 100 Sexiest Movie Moments and earned Robert Page a place on the 100 strong Happy List in the Independent on Sunday [27.04.08].
As founder , Chairman and Chief Executive of the Lifetime Group, Page helped create with the Virgin Group the non-fiction sell-through video business, producing many how-to videos with such names as Alan Titchmarsh, Eric Idle, Susannah York, Johnny Morris, and Dr Desmond Morris. Some of the successes included: "The Y Plan" exercise series and "The Scott and Charlene Love Story" (compiled from Neighbours).
He has also produced many TV series including the drama series "Runaway Bay" (27 eps ITV & FR2), documentaries including three series of "Floyd on..." (for BBC), with Keith Floyd, "Floyd on Spain", "Floyd on Italy" and "Far Flung Floyd"; two series of "Go Wild!" (for ITV), two series of "Dating the Enemy" (for ITV), "Dr Desmond Morris' The Animal Contract" (3 × 1hr – winner Hollywood Genesis Award) and "Dead Men's Tales" (ITV). He produced the John Cleland classic, "Fanny Hill", as a TV movie and is currently producing "Anna" as a feature film with L.A.-based Fairweather Entertainment.
Robert began his career as a University Lecturer in Drama and Theatre Arts in Australia in 1974 and founded its first national magazine of the performing arts Theatre Australia which ran to 80 issues over 7 years and went to many countries around the world. From there he produced many arts documentaries for the Australian National Broadcasting Corporation and was given his own 90 mins per week arts series, "Sunday Spectrum". His last broadcast was the "Opening of the Australian National Gallery by Her Majesty the Queen" on live television before returning to England in 1983 and founding the Lifetime Group.
Miscellaneous.
He has recently formed 84Luv, an online and by text advice service, with top Relate Councillor, broadcaster and writer of the Sex and Relationships section of the BBC website, Paula Hall. 
He has also written, lectured and broadcast extensively. He currently lives in New York with his wife, Rebecca, a diplomat with the FCO, and has two sons, James and Christopher.

</doc>
<doc id="18395481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395481" title="Phrudinae">
Phrudinae

Phrudinae is a worldwide subfamily of the parasitic wasp family Ichneumonidae 
Phrudinae are not a natural clade.They are rarely collected and their biology is largely unknown. Two genera have been reared as endoparasitoids of Coleoptera larvae.There are 12 genera.

</doc>
<doc id="18395485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395485" title="Sasabaru Station">
Sasabaru Station


</doc>
<doc id="18395487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395487" title="Takeshita Station">
Takeshita Station

Points of Interest.
Takeshita Station is close to a major Asahi beer plant. This plant includes a Beer Garden that is popular with visitors on the summer season.
The station is convenient for those who need to go to the Kyushu University School of Design.
The Nishitetsu Ōhashi Station of the Tenjin Ōmuta Line is located 1.08 km south-west of the elevated walkway.
Bus Service Routes.
The station is served by the Nishitetsu local bus routes from 

</doc>
<doc id="18395489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395489" title="Yoshizuka Station">
Yoshizuka Station


</doc>
<doc id="18395490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395490" title="Hakozaki Station">
Hakozaki Station


</doc>
<doc id="18395492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395492" title="Chihaya Yard">
Chihaya Yard


</doc>
<doc id="18395493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395493" title="Kyūsandaimae Station">
Kyūsandaimae Station

It is the nearest station of Kyushu Sangyo University.

</doc>
<doc id="18395494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395494" title="Fukkōdaimae Station">
Fukkōdaimae Station

The station was renamed from on March 15, 2008, after the nearby Fukuoka Institute of Technology.

</doc>
<doc id="18395496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395496" title="Shingū-Chūō Station">
Shingū-Chūō Station

The station opened on March 13, 2010. The station was originally planned under the provisional name Kaminofu Station (上府駅). The name Shingū-Chūō was announced on June 23, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18395498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395498" title="Shishibu Station">
Shishibu Station

The station opened on March 14, 2009.
The name of the station was officially announced by JR Kyushu on September 24, 2008. Until then, the station was provisionally called Shishibu Station but was written in kanji as "鹿部駅".

</doc>
<doc id="18395499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395499" title="Koga Station (Fukuoka)">
Koga Station (Fukuoka)


</doc>
<doc id="18395501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395501" title="Jinnoharu Station">
Jinnoharu Station


</doc>
<doc id="18395503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395503" title="Higashi-Orio Station">
Higashi-Orio Station

After its discontinuation as a station, the remaining yard continued as which still exists as of 2008.
Its location was between Kurosaki Station and Orio Station, 1.9 km from the former and 3.3 km from the latter. In 2000, Jinnoharu Station opened partially utilizing the land of the former yard. 

</doc>
<doc id="18395504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395504" title="Yahata Station">
Yahata Station


</doc>
<doc id="18395505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395505" title="Space World Station">
Space World Station

The station serves the Space World theme park.

</doc>
<doc id="18395507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395507" title="Edamitsu Station">
Edamitsu Station


</doc>
<doc id="18395508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395508" title="Kyūshūkōdaimae Station">
Kyūshūkōdaimae Station


</doc>
<doc id="18395510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395510" title="Hama-Kokura Freight Terminal">
Hama-Kokura Freight Terminal


</doc>
<doc id="18395512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395512" title="Nishi-Kokura Station">
Nishi-Kokura Station

External links.
Station Information (JR Kyūshū)

</doc>
<doc id="18395514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395514" title="Higashi-Kokura Freight Terminal">
Higashi-Kokura Freight Terminal

History.
The terminal was originally a station serving both passenger and freight trains. It opened on April 1, 1915 as the terminal of the Kokura Railway, the predecessor of the Hitahikosan Line. When the Japanese Government Railways purchased the Kokura Railway on May 1, 1943, the station was reestablished on the Kagoshima Main Line as a junction of the two lines, but the station served no passenger trains on the Kagoshima Main Line. The passenger service at the station was ceased on November 19, 1956 as the section between Higashi-Kokura and on the Hitahikosan Line ceased to operate passenger trains.
Although the freight-only section of the Hitahikosan Line was closed on October 1, 1962, the terminal continued the freight operation on the Kagoshima Main Line until March 23, 2002 when the new Kitakyūshū Freight Terminal opened. The station has not been officially closed.

</doc>
<doc id="18395515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395515" title="Kitakyūshū Freight Terminal">
Kitakyūshū Freight Terminal

The freight terminal opened on March 23, 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="18395516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395516" title="Moji Station">
Moji Station


</doc>
<doc id="18395517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395517" title="Komorie Station">
Komorie Station


</doc>
<doc id="18395520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395520" title="Li Rongjin">
Li Rongjin

Li Rongjin (Li Jung-chin, traditional: 李容瑾, simplified: 李容瑾); was a Chinese landscape painter during the Yuan Dynasty (1271–1368). His specific dates of birth and death are not known.
His style name was 'Gongyan'. Li's landscape painting style followed that of Wang Zhenpeng. In addition his paintings of garrets and attics were done with delicate and precise brush strokes.

</doc>
<doc id="18395527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395527" title="Photomagnetism">
Photomagnetism

The photomagnetic effect is the effect in which a material acquires (and in some cases loses) its ferromagnetic properties in response to light. The current model for this phenomenon is a light induced electron transfer, accompanied by the reversal of the spin direction of an electron. This leads to an increase in spin concentration, causing the magnetic transition. Currently the effect is only observed to persist (for any significant time) at very low temperature. But at temperatures such as 5K, the effect may persist for several days.
Mechanism.
The magnetisation and demagnetisation (where not demagnetised thermally) occur through intermediate states as shown (right). The magnetising and demagnetising wavelengths provide the energy for the system to reach the intermediate states which then relaxe non-radiatively to one of the two states (the intermediate state for magnetisation and demagnetisation are different and so the photon flux is not wasted by relaxation to the same state from which the system was just excited). A direct transition from the ground state to the magnetic state and, more importantly, vice versa is a forbidden transition, and this leads to the magnetised state being metastable and persisting for a long period at low temperatures.
Prussian Blue Analogues.
One of the most promising groups of molecular photomagnetic materials are Co-Fe Prussian Blue analogues (i.e. compounds with the same structure and similar chemical make up to Prussian Blue. A Prussian Blue analogue has a chemical formula M1-2xCo1+x[Fe(CN)6]•zH2O where x and z are variables (z may be zero) and M is an alkali metal. Prussian Blue analogues have a face centre cubic structure. 
It is essential that the structure be non-stoichiometric. In this case the iron molecules are randomly replaced by water (6 molecules of water per replaced iron). This non-stoichiometric is essential to the photomagnetism of Prussian blue analogues as regions which contain an iron vacancy are more stable in the non magnetic state and regions without a vacancy are more stable in the magnetic state. By illumination by the correct frequency one or other of these regions can be locally changed to its more stable state from the bulk state, this triggers the phase change of the entire molecule. The reverse phase change can be accomplished by exciting the other type of region by the appropriate frequency.

</doc>
<doc id="18395531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395531" title="Thomas Noel (poet)">
Thomas Noel (poet)

Thomas Noel (11 May 1799 – 22 May 1861) was an English poet.
The son of a clergyman, Noel graduated from Oxford in 1824. He married Emily Anne Halliday in 1831. He was a friend of the House of Commons librarian Thomas Vardon and Anne Isabella Byron, Baroness Byron.
Life.
The eldest son of the Rev. Thomas Noel, he was born at Kirkby Mallory, Leicestershire. His father had been presented to the livings of Kirkby-Mallory and Elmsthorpe by his kinsman Thomas Noel, 2nd Viscount Wentworth. Thomas Noel the son graduated B.A. from Merton College, Oxford, in 1824.
Noel lived for many years in seclusion at Boyne Hill, near Maidenhead; but in the autumn of 1858 he went to live at Brighton, where he died on 16 May 1861. Miss Mitford corresponded with him frequently, but they never met. Among other friends were Thomas Vardon, and Lady Byron.
Works.
The "Pauper's Drive" from "Rymes and Roundelayes" was set to music by Henry Russell in 1839. Noel also wrote the words of the song "Rocked in the Cradle of the Deep".
Family.
By his wife Emily, youngest daughter of Captain Halliday of Ham Lodge, Twickenham, Noel left two children.

</doc>
<doc id="18395534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395534" title="Pocomail">
Pocomail

Pocomail is an e-mail client for Microsoft Windows systems that was first developed by Poco Systems in 1999. It was originally designed to provide better spam and attack protection by using its own scripting methods (PocoScript) as opposed to using JavaScript and native Microsoft scripting.
Pocomail was awarded the PC Magazine "Shareware Program of the Year" in 2000 thanks to its intuitive use, support for POP3 and IMAP protocols, HTML viewing, and the ability to access multiple accounts from one simple application.
The most recent release, version 4.8 (released in April 2009) has added new features, such as the ability to edit sent and received messages, as part of a project with RoseCity Software to make PocoMail the planned upgrade direction for Courier users. The added features were key strengths of the Courier email client. Pocomail also includes a strong Bayesian filtering engine for preventing spam. Pocomail has problems with displaying UTF-8 coded characters and further development of the program has been discontinued, as of December, 2011. The website at pocomail.com states that the product is no longer available. 

</doc>
<doc id="18395536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395536" title="Alfred Flaxman">
Alfred Flaxman

Alfred Edward Flaxman (1 October 1879 – 1 July 1916) was a British track and field athlete who competed in the 1908 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Wombwell, South Yorkshire and was killed in action in Gommecourt, Pas-de-Calais, France.
In 1908, he participated in the discus throw competition, in the Greek discus throw event, in the freestyle javelin throw competition, and in the standing high jump event but in all these competitions his final ranking is unknown.
Flaxman was killed in action during the First World War, serving as a second lieutenant with the South Staffordshire Regiment on the first day of the Battle of the Somme. His remains were not recovered and he is commemorated on the Thiepval Memorial.

</doc>
<doc id="18395556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395556" title="Thomas Noel">
Thomas Noel

Thomas Noel may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18395564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395564" title="UEFA Euro 2000 Group A">
UEFA Euro 2000 Group A

Group A of UEFA Euro 2000 began on 12 June and ended on 20 June 2000. Portugal won the group ahead of Romania, while England and Germany were surprisingly eliminated.

</doc>
<doc id="18395570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395570" title="Gonna Let It Shine">
Gonna Let It Shine

Gonna Let It Shine: A Concert for the Holidays (or simply Gonna Let it Shine), is a live album by American folk singer Odetta, released in 2005. It was recorded at Fordham University in New York City for a public radio broadcast.
"Gonna Let It Shine" was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Traditional Blues Album. It would be the last album of new material Odetta would release during her lifetime.
Track listing.
All songs Traditional unless otherwise noted.

</doc>
<doc id="18395573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395573" title="Li Shixing">
Li Shixing

Li Shixing (); ca. (1282–1328) was a Chinese landscape painter during the Yuan Dynasty (1271–1368).
Li was born in Beijing. He specialized in landscapes and ink bamboo paintings.

</doc>
<doc id="18395589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395589" title="UEFA Euro 2000 Group B">
UEFA Euro 2000 Group B

Group B of UEFA Euro 2000 began on 10 June and ended on 19 June 2000. Italy won the group ahead of Turkey. Belgium and Sweden were eliminated.

</doc>
<doc id="18395598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395598" title="Ken Poulsen">
Ken Poulsen

Ken Sterling Poulsen (born August 4, 1947 in Van Nuys, California) is a former utility in Major League Baseball who played briefly for the Boston Red Sox during the season. Listed at 6' 1", 190 lb., he batted left-handed and threw right-handed.
Little is known about this player who made a modest contribution as a member of the 1967 Impossible Dream Red Sox team. 
Poulsen played three years of varsity baseball at Birmingham High School in Van Nuys, where he helped his team won the championship of the West Valley League each of those three years (1963–65), being named a first-team all-star in the league and third-team all-star on the All-City team. He was selected by Boston in the third round of the 1965 draft and debuted with the big team on July 3, 1967. Poulsen gained his promotion as a replacement for Dalton Jones, who had to report for two weeks of Army reserve duty at Camp Drum in New York. The departure of Jones reflected a common occurrence during the Vietnam War era.
Poulsen appeared in five games with the Sox, hitting a double in five at-bats for a .200 batting average without runs or RBIs. He also made three fielding appearances at third base (2) and shortstop (1) for a collective .667 fielding percentage (one error in three chances), playing his final game on July 14, 1967.
Following his brief stint in the majors, Poulsen played in the Red Sox and Yankees minor league systems, where he experienced some success as a pitcher in the Carolina League for Kinston in 1971, posting a 10-8 record with a 3.02 ERA, and for West Haven of the Eastern League in 1972, ending 9-8 with a 2.97 ERA.

</doc>
<doc id="18395603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395603" title="Moss–Horten Ferry">
Moss–Horten Ferry

The Moss–Horten Ferry is an automobile ferry on Norwegian National Highway 19 that connects the counties of Østfold and Vestfold at the quays of Moss and Horten. The crossing of Oslofjord is performed with three double-ended ferries operated by Bastø Fosen, making the crossing in 30 minutes, with departures twice an hour. In 2008 the line had a daily ridership of 3720 people and 4086 vehicles. It is the most trafficked car ferry line in Norway.
History.
Ferry crossings in the outer Oslofjord have been documented back to 1582 when the notes of Bishop Jens Nilssøn mention it was common to travel over the fjord, with Jeløya as the east quay. In a letter dated 1712 King Frederick IV asked the governor of Borre to build a larger ferry able to hold 16 horses and 50 men. With the issue of the ferry privilege of 1752 it was required that the ferry hold six horses with riders, plus ferrymen. In 1784, decisions on the ticket prices were set at 40 shillings in summer and 60 in winter for a ferryman to row a boat with twelve men across. In 1857 the route was taken over by the authorities, and the eastern quay moved to Melløsbryggen in Moss. The opening of Østfoldbanen in 1879 and Vestfoldbanen in 1881 stimulated a more stable operation.
In 1884 Consul Richard Peterson started using the steamship "Axel" to cross the fjord, and a year later "Bastø" entered service, while "Horten" was bought as a reserve. In 1900 the company bought "Bastø II". The concession was taken over by AS Alpha in 1910, who also took over the ships "Bastø" and "Bastø II". AS Alpha was founded in Moss in 1892 to conduct steamship transport from Moss to Kristiania (Oslo). The first car carried across was in 1907 and belonged to Sam Eyde; it took half an hour to load it. After World War I cars were regularly transported across the fjord. 
The next ferry, also named "Bastø", was delivered in 1934 with a capacity of 400 passengers and 18 cars. It soon became too small, setting a new record of 210 cars in one day in 1937. From 1934 to 1936 the annual number of cars rose from 6,605 to 10,143. To get more capacity another "Bastø II" was delivered in 1939 from Moss Værft og Dokk, capable of holding 600 passengers and 34 cars. This ferry was the first roll-on roll-off (ro-ro) ferry on the route, with car access from a specially built quay. On 9 April 1940 the ferry continued its ordinary traffic in the stream of German warships, which were coming into the fjord to occupy Norway. During World War II six of the companies seven ships were taken over by the German Forces.
None of the companies ships were sunk during the war, and in 1949 "Bastø" was built as a sister ship to "Bastø II". Traffic increased steadily and in 1956 the next ship, named "Bastø I" was delivered with a capacity of 600 passengers and 55 cars. From 1964 onwards, the route was serviced by four ferries in the summer and three during winter, with the ships "Bastø I" (1956), "Bastø II" (1961), "Bastø III" (1949) and "Bastø IV" (1964). That year 228,648 cars and 620,000 passengers were transported.
Because of increased traffic and higher crew costs, the development went in the direction of larger ferries; "Bastø V" was delivered in 1973 with a capacity of 500 passengers and 120 cars. It was on the Moss–Horten line during summer, and on international routes the rest of the year. In 1978 it was supplemented with 1978 "Bastø I" that took 700 passengers and 190 cars. 
AS Alpha was sold to Kosmos in 1984, where it became a division named Bastøfergen. In 1989 it was sold to Gokstad AS, the private company of the retiring Chief Executive Officer Bjørn Bettum. It received the ferry "Vestfold" in 1991, with a capacity of 700 passengers and 250 cars. It was in traffic along with "Østfold" (formerly "Bastø II").
In 1996 the company Bastø Fosen, a subsidiary of Fosen Trafikklag, received the concession for the route. In a transitions period until the new ferries "Bastø I" and "Bastø II" were delivered in 1997 it used the rented and older ferries "Einar Tambarskjelve" and "Holger Stjern". They were little suited for the route, and were in bad condition, receiving heavy protests from the users. After the new ferries were delivered, traffic increased from 600,000 cars in 1996 to 1.4 million cars in 2004. From 2001 "Sogn" was rented in as an extra ferry. In 2003 Bastø Fosen received an extension on their concession until 2015, and at the same time ordered the new "Bastø III" that was delivered in 2005.
Tunnel.
Since the 1960s, plans for a dry connection over or under the fjord to remove the ferry have been launched. In 2008 the Public Roads Administration published a report showing that a four-lane tunnel would cost while a bridge would cost 15 billion. A tunnel would need to be to meet European Union requirements for maximum 6% gradient; the tunnel would be below sea level. It would be fully financed as a toll road. An alternative includes also building a railway line parallel with the tunnel; this would make it long to allow a gradient of 2.5%.
Fleet.
MS "Bastø I" and MS "Bastø II" are identical ships delivered in 1997 for the takeover of the route. They have a capacity of 200 cars and 550 passengers and were built at Fosen Mekaniske Verksted.
MS "Bastø III" was delivered in 2005 in conjunction with the second concession period. With a capacity of 212 cars and 540 passengers, she was built at Remontowa Yard in Gdansk.

</doc>
