<doc id="18395607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395607" title="Lex Lovett">
Lex Lovett

Wayne Meyer (born July 24, 1975) is an American professional wrestler, known by his ringname Lex Lovett, who competes in Southeastern independent promotions such as Independent Pro Wrestling and the National Wrestling Alliance-affiliated NWA Florida as well as having toured the Middle East, Europe and Asia.
From 2003 to 2006, he and Buck Quartermain formed a tag team in Total Nonstop Action Wrestling and on the independent circuit. He has also briefly appeared in the X Wrestling Federation and World Wrestling Entertainment.
Career.
Early life and career.
Meyer was born near Tampa, Florida. At the age of 5, he began watching WWF Superstars and Championship Wrestling from Florida then hosted by Gordon Solie. It was during this time that he became a fan of Ric Flair, Ricky Steamboat, Blackjack Mulligan and Barry and Kendall Windham. He drifted from wrestling as a teenager, however his interest returned when he and his college roommate Alex Lovett started watching during the ""Attitude Era"" in the mid-1990s. While at USF, he was a male cheerleader where he met his wife, Erika, and after graduating they coached the USF cheerleading team together. After graduating from the University of South Florida with a degree in finance, he worked for Raymond James in St. Petersburg as a junior analyst and taught business studies as a substitute teacher at Chamberlain High School in Tampa.
His roommate began wrestling as Alex Yeull Lovett soon after graduating and Meyer soon expressed interest in entering professional wrestling himself. Alex Lovett introduced him to Steve Keirn at an IPW show and Keirn agreed to train him at his wrestling school. He was originally scheduled to start training in July 1999, however he postponed it after Alex Lovett died while touring Lima, Peru.
That November, he began training under Keirn and Jimmy Del Ray learning wrestling moves, ring psychology, dieting, workout programs and general conduct. Prior to his debut, he chose the name Lex Lovett in honor of Alex Lovett. At the end of the year, he wrestled his first match teaming with "Venom" Tim Keirn against Drunk & Disorderly (Chris Nelson and Vito DeNucci).
NWA Florida.
He spent the next several months in the St. Petersburg area for promoter Frankie Reyes and later Howard Brodie's NWA Florida territory. He feuded with the stable "Tampa Clique", which at the time included Pepi Prado, Buck Q, Scoot Andrews and Mike Sullivan, during his first five months in the promotion. Still in his rookie year, he eventually defeated Pepe Prado for the NWA World Junior Heavyweight Championship in Tampa on November 14, 2000. Several months later, he was involved in a controversial storyline in the feud between NWA Florida and IPW Hardcore when he accepted a title challenge from former referee Spanky Malone during an NWA Florida supercard at the Homer W. Hesterly Armory in Tampa on April 24, 2001. He pinned Malone with an Asai Moonsault in 56 seconds and was immediately attacked by 6 wrestlers from IPW Hardcore who were sitting at ringside. Lovett was hit by a fireball during the attack before the wrestlers were arrested by security.
After a nine-month reign, he lost the title to Jet Jaguar in Ybor City, Florida on July 18. Soon after, he participated in the NWA Super Junior Open tournament. Lovett successfully advanced to the tournament finals to face Scoot Andrews and Christopher Daniels in a three way match. On August 21, he defeated Mike Thunder for the NWA World Junior Heavyweight Championship in Tampa. He had faced Thunder while in Texas the previous month and was one of the top contenders when Thunder, despite having a torn ligament, defended the belt in Florida. Lovett was helped due to outside interference by Jason Rumble who attacked him following the match.
Two months later, Lovett defended the title against top junior heavyweights Jet Jaguar, Jimmy Rave, Brandon K and Jason Rumble in a "Fatal Five-Way" match at the NWA 53rd Anniversary show in St. Petersburg on October 13. Losing the title to Jason Rumble, he was later part of an interpromotional match between NWA Florida and Independent Professional Wrestling pitting Team NWA Florida (Lovett, Buck Q, Rod Steel, Chris Nelson and Vito DeNucci) against Team IPW (Scoot Andrews, Mike Sullivan, Jet Jaguar, Chaos and The Shane Twins). The match was a "Wargames"-style match and eventually ruled a no-contest.
His match with Jason Rumble was eventually seen by World Wrestling Federation officials who were impressed with the match. He was invited to Cincinnati by Kevin Kelly where he would be evaluated along with 14 other wrestlers by Jim Cornette, Al Snow, Tom Prichard, Arn Anderson, Raven, Tommy Dreamer and Bill DeMott. He and the others worked on matches and promos with six wrestlers receiving contracts with the WWE, although three wrestlers were later released. On December 21, Lovett was given a tryout match against Crash Holly on WWF Jakked.
IPW Hardcore.
During the next year, Lovett spent five months on the independent circuit and made appearances for promoter Bill Behrens in the Georgia-based NWA Wildside, Jimmy Hart's X Wrestling Federation and Dusty Rhodes' Turnbuckle Championship Wrestling. Although scheduled for one appearance, he again impressed XWF officials who invited him to matches against Jimmy Reiher, Jr. and Low Ki at a second XWF television taping.
By the time he returned to Florida, Lovett saw NWA Florida on the verge of folding and decided to contact promoter Ron Neimi to join rival promotion IPW Hardcore. One of the main figures involved in the NWA Florida vs. IPW Hardcore feud, the "old school" Lovett was promoted as a ""heel"" among the "hardcore" fans of IPW. He was originally supposed to become the tag team partner of Buck Quartermain but was replaced with Steve Madison after Quartermain left the promotion. He and Madison teamed together for only a brief time before Lovett turned on him during a tag team match and attacked him. After he and Madison split up, he took on Vito DeNucci as his manager and feuded with Madison and Antonio Banks.
World Japan Pro.
In 2003, Lovett was contacted by Steve Madison and later Masao "Tiger" Hattori offering to participate in a tour with World Japan Pro. Lovett accepted and traveled to Japan where he later met with Hattori and Riki Chōshū. During the four-day Magna01 Power Hall Series, he competed under the name Lex Meyer and faced Hiroshi Hase, Shiro Koshinaka and Riki Chōshū & Kensuke Sasaki in a tag team match. During the II and III series, he wrestled Yoji Anjo as well as tag team matches with Kenzo Suzuki against Koshinaka and Choshu and Sasaki against Takao Ōmori and Koichiro Kimura. On July 19, he lost to NWA Florida Heavyweight Champion Scoot Andrews in a three-way match with Billy Fives in St. Petersburg.
During the Burning Autumn tour, he faced Steve Madison on the first two nights and received high praise from the promotion. Lovett later took on Jose Maximo, Katsumi Usuda, Masamitsu Kochi and Shume Matsuzaki. After leaving Japan, he toured the People's Republic of China with NWA Mid-Atlantic Championship Wrestling which took place from December 27, 2003 to January 4, 2004. On the third and last day of the tour, Lovett defeated Mike Rapada at the Guangzhou Gymnasium with 3,400 in attendance.
Total Nonstop Action and the independent circuit.
Soon after his return to the United States, Lovett began wrestling for Total Nonstop Action Wrestling. He made his pay-per-view debut in a dark match with Rod Steel against David Young and Tony Mamaluke on February 5, 2003. Although used as a preliminary wrestler during his first stint with the promotion, he eventually formed a tag team with Buck Quartermain and managed by former "Survivor" contestant Johnny Fairplay. In July 2004, he faced Jeff Jarrett for the NWA World Heavyweight Championship.
Later that year, Lovett defeated Scoot Andrews for the NWA Florida Southern Heavyweight Championship on October 9, 2004. Lovett would face his tag team partner, substituting for an injured Roderick Strong, in a match for the title at NWA Florida's supercard "Rage in the Cage 7" on February 26, 2005.
He and Quartermain continued to appear in dark matches on TNA's weekly PPV's losing to Phi Delta Slam (Big Tilly and Bruno Sassi) at Against All Odds, The Naturals (Chris Candido and Andy Douglas) at Destination X and 3 Live Kru (Ron Killings and Konnan) a three-way match with The Naturals at Lockdown on April 21, 2005. On May 27, he and David Young lost to The Naturals at "TNA Impact!".
On June 10, Lovett put his title on the line against NWA World Heavyweight Champion A.J. Styles at the main event of the Jeff Peterson Memorial Cup. Although Lovett came close to victory managing to use his signature move, the "Lex Buster", Styles was able to kick out and pinned Lovett with his own finishing move, the "Styles Clash" for the win. After the match, Lovett addressed the fans thanking them for their support and officially announced his retirement.
In August 2005, he appeared in the corner of Buck Quartermain in his match against Glacier at a Coastal Championship Wrestling event. This match was to decide the number one contender for the CCW heavyweight title. The next month, he faced Quartermain in a four-way match with Mike Sullivan and Bruce Steel at an IPW Hardcore event on September 17.
Officially coming out of retirement, Lovett appeared on the first episode of "TNA Impact!" and lost to "The Alpha Male" Monty Brown on October 1. He and Quartermain made their return to TNA losing to The Naturals on October 29. They continued to appear in a part-time capacity on TNA Impact during the next year losing to Team 3-D on January 7 and the James Gang on January 21, 2006; they also lost to The Naturals at an Elite Wrestling Entertainment event that same night. He and Quartermain made only infrequent appearances throughout the next few months. Lovett, who was not under contract to TNA, made several inquires into whether he was going to be used in the future in order to quit his full-time job. When he received no response for the promotion, Lovett finally gave his notice in March 2006.
Recent years.
On April 1, Lovett beat Vito Denucci with manager Bill Alfonso via disqualification at a show for Elite Wrestling Entertainment in Brandon, Florida. Later that night, he joined Buck Quartermain, Erick Stevens and Steve Madison in the main event losing to Mike Sullivan, Shawn Murphy and The New Heavenly Bodies (Chris Nelson & Vito Denucci) in the "Captain's Fall" elimination match.
In May, he made a one-time appearance in the WWE developmental territory Deep South Wrestling teaming with Gymini Jake in the DSW Tag Team Championship tournament. Defeating Eric Perez and Montel Vontavious Porter in the opening rounds, they advanced to the finals where they lost to High Impact (Mike Taylor and Tony Santarelli).
Throughout 2006 and into 2007, he and Quartermain would continue teaming off and on in various independent promotions. Although defeating the tag team Black Market in a handicap match while in Elite Wrestling Entertainment, he and Lovett lost to The Down Boys (Tom Lawlor and J.P. Ice) at a Pro Wrestling Warfare show on March 11.

</doc>
<doc id="18395608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395608" title="Christopher Poole">
Christopher Poole

Christopher Poole (born c. 1988) is an American internet entrepreneur from New York City, noted for founding the websites 4chan and Canvas. He originally started 4chan anonymously, under the pseudonym moot (always written with lower case).
Impact and activity.
In 2008, Leopoldo Godoy of Brazilian TV Globo called Poole's 4chan "the ground zero of Western web culture." In April 2009, Poole was voted the world's most influential person of 2008 by an open Internet poll conducted by "Time" magazine. The results were questioned even before the poll completed, as automated voting programs and manual ballot stuffing were used to influence the vote. 4chan's interference with the vote seemed increasingly likely, when it was found that reading the first letter of the first 21 candidates in the poll spelled out a phrase containing two 4chan memes: "mARBLECAKE. ALSO, THE GAME."
On September 12, 2009, Poole gave a talk on why 4chan has a reputation as a "Meme Factory" at the Paraflows Symposium in Vienna, Austria, which was part of the Paraflows 09 festival, themed Urban Hacking. In this talk, Poole mainly attributed this to the anonymous system, and to the lack of data retention on the site ("The site has no memory.").
On February 10, 2010, Poole spoke at the TED2010 conference in Long Beach, California. He spoke about the increasing prevalence of persistent user identities and the sharing of personal information on sites like Facebook and Twitter and he also spoke about the value of anonymous posting on sites like 4chan. Fred Leal of the Brazilian newspaper "O Estado de S. Paulo" said his inclusion in the conference "indicates that something extraordinary is happening... challenges every Internet convention: it is, alone, the antithesis of Google, social networking sites, and blogs."
In 2010, Poole was reported to have raised $625,000 to create a new online enterprise, Canvas. The website opened on January 31, 2011, and features digitally modified images uploaded by users who are required to self-identify using Facebook Connect.
In April 2010, Poole gave evidence in the trial "United States of America v. David Kernell" as a government witness. As a witness, Poole explained the terminology used on 4chan to the prosecutor, ranging from "OP" to "lurker." He also explained to the court the nature of the data given to the FBI as part of the search warrant, including how users can be uniquely identified from site audit logs.
In a 2010 interview, Poole discussed his belief in the value of multiple identities, including anonymity, in contrast to the merge of online and real-world identities occurring on Facebook and many other social networking sites.
In November 2012, Poole sent a cease and desist letter to Moot.It, an internet startup.
In January 2014, Poole announced that Canvas, and its DrawQuest feature, would be going out of business.
Identity.
Christopher Poole's actual name (previously known only as moot) was revealed on July 9, 2008, in "The Wall Street Journal". The same day, Lev Grossman of "Time" published an interview describing Poole's influence as a non-visible administrator as "one of the most " on the evolution of content collaboration. Although Grossman's article began with the confession that "I don't even know his real name," he claimed to identify moot as Christopher Poole. Later, on July 10, Grossman admitted that there was an outside chance that Christopher Poole was not moot's real name, rather an obscure reference to a 4chan inside joke. The "Washington Post" concurred that "Christopher Poole" could be "all a big hoax, a 'gotcha.' It would be just what you'd expect from the creator of 4chan." In March 2009, "Time" backpedaled somewhat on the issue by placing the moot persona on the 2009 Time 100 finalists list. Prior to the "Wall Street Journal" and "Time" interviews, moot deliberately kept his real identity separate from 4chan. He told Grossman, "my personal private life is very separate from my Internet life ... There's a firewall in between." As moot, he has spoken at conferences at Yale University and Massachusetts Institute of Technology. A 2008 article in "The Observer" had him down as "the most influential web entrepreneur you've never heard of," though he has since been described in more limited terms such as "benefactor."
In February 2009, "The Washington Post" reported that Poole had attended Virginia Commonwealth University for a few semesters before dropping out. It reported that Poole was living with his mother while looking for a way to make money from owning 4chan.

</doc>
<doc id="18395626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395626" title="Maude Hutchins">
Maude Hutchins

Maude Phelps McVeigh Hutchins (1899 – 28 March 1991) was an American novelist born in New York City. She is considered one of the foremost practitioners of nouveau roman in the English language. Hutchins is best known today for her sexual coming-of-age novel Victorine which was republished in 2008 by New York Review Books Classics. Other novels include "Blood on the Doves" and "The Unbelievers Downstairs". She was married to University of Chicago president Robert Maynard Hutchins. They married in 1921 and divorced in 1948. They had three children.
Hutchins died in Fairfield, Connecticut.

</doc>
<doc id="18395633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395633" title="Luo Zhichuan">
Luo Zhichuan

Luo Zhichuan (Lo Chih-ch'uan, traditional: 羅稚川, simplified: 罗稚川); was a Chinese landscape painter during the Yuan Dynasty (1271–1368). His specific dates of birth and death are not known.
Luo was born in Qingjiang in the province of Jiangxi. He established a reputation for himself very early on in school and went on to become very well known in his time. He painted landscapes in the style of Guo Xi.

</doc>
<doc id="18395654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395654" title="Tomb of Mariam-uz-Zamani">
Tomb of Mariam-uz-Zamani

The Tomb of Mariam-uz-Zamani is the mausoleum of Mariam-uz-Zamani, the Hindu consort of the Mughal Emperor Akbar. She was the mother of next Mughal Emperor Jahangir. The tomb is located in Sikandra, a suburb of Agra.
History.
Heer Kunwari was born a Rajput princess and was the eldest daughter of Raja Bharmal of Amer. She was married to Emperor Akbar in 1562 CE. She was honoured with the title "Mariam-uz-Zamani" ("Mary of the Age") after she gave birth to Jahangir. She died in Agra in 1623 and her tomb was built by her son Jahangir between 1623 and 1627 CE. She is the only wife of Akbar buried close to him, as per her wish. The tomb is only a kilometre from the Tomb of Akbar the Great.
Architecture.
The structure was originally an open "baradari" (pleasure pavilion) under Sikander Lodi who built it in 1495 AD. It was adopted by the Mughals in 1623 AD and converted into a tomb by making a crypt below the central compartment. They remodelled it substantially. The ground floor consists of some forty chambers built by Sikander Lodi, which bear faint traces of paintings on plastered walls. The centre of the ground floor houses the cenotaph of Mariam.
The mausoleum contains three tombstones: one in the underground mortuary chamber, which is the grave itself; the cenotaph above it on the ground floor and another cenotaph on the terrace.
This square tomb stands in the centre of a sprawling Mughal garden. The square building of the tomb of Mariam Zamani is built on a raised platform with stairs on its northern and southern sides. The two corridors running from east-west and north-south divide the structure into nine sections that are further subdivided into smaller compartments. The largest one is at the centre, four small square ones at the corners and four oblong ones in the middle of four sides. Massive piers have been used to support the broad arches and vaulted ceilings. The building material is brick and mortar, with the finishing done in stucco.
The four facades of the building were reconstructed with red sandstone panels and a "chhajja" with addition of "duchhati" (mezzanine floors) at the corners by the Mughals. On each facade is an arch in the centre, set in a rectangular frame which projects forward. It is flanked on each side by a wing which consists of three arches and a set of double arches, one over the other, thus accommodating a "duchhatti" at each corner of the building. The arches are pointed. The wings are protected by "chhajjas". The "duchhatti" are accessible by stairways.
The superstructure was also remodelled by Mughals by addition of "chhatris" and "chhaparkhats". The superstructure has four massive octagonal "chhatris" on its four corners, and four oblong "chhaparkhats" on the middle of the four sides. Each "chhatri" is made out of red sandstone and stands on a square platform. Brackets have been used to support the internal lintels and external "chhajja", five on each pillar, making a total of 40 brackets in one "chhatri". Each "chhaparkhat" is rectangular and has eight pillars with a similar cluster of brackets. While the "chhatris" are made out of red sandstone, their domes are white. The roof of each "chhaparkhats" is white. Their domes are crowned by an inverted lotus or 'padma kosha'. These "chhatris" and "chhaparkhats" constitute the most important ornament of the whole composition. The rectangular chhaparkhats with eight pillars and a cluster of brackets resemble the corner cupolas. They dominate as much on façade as on superstructure. The building is complete in itself even without a dome. The mausoleum is of architectural importance in the category of Mughal tombs without a dome.
Another important aspect of the tomb is that the building looks identical from the front and back. Unlike other Mughal era structures, the back entrance is not a dummy but can actually be used.
Ornamentation.
The red sandstone façade and panels with variety of decorative designs, such as floral patterns, tell a lot about the former splendor of this tomb. There are chevron patterns in the nook shafts, wine-vases within sunk niches and geometrical floral designs gracing the piers between the arches. The "chhatris" have beautiful carved columns with hexagonal base. The stone brackets occupy the spaces just below the "chajja", while beautifully carved friezes are above it and underneath the drum of the dome of "chhatri" is inlaid with white marble. The friezes of the "chhaparkhat"s were originally covered with glazed tiles and have pyramidal roof. One can still see the traces of floral paintings in the corners that speak volumes of the former beauty of the decaying building.

</doc>
<doc id="18395659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395659" title="Ritchie Pickett">
Ritchie Pickett

Ritchie Pickett (16 February 1955 – 13 March 2011) was a New Zealand country music singer-songwriter who was born in Morrinsville, in the province of Waikato. Pickett has been described as one of New Zealand's "kings of country/rock". 
He began playing in rock 'n' roll bands such as Graffiti, which toured New Zealand with singer Tom Sharplin in the mid-1970s, before joining heavy metal/prog rock band Think, with whom he recorded an album.
Think relocated to Sydney, Australia, where they broke up and Pickett formed his own band called Snuff. In 1981, Pickett was transported back to Waikato Hospital in New Zealand.
In the early 1980s, he formed country music band Ritchie Pickett & the Inlaws which toured New Zealand relentlessly and released an acclaimed LP, but disbanded in 1985. He was also a regular performer on the high-rating primetime television show "That's Country".
Pickett fronted several Waikato bands through the late 1980s and early 1990s, including the Jones Boys, the Fat Band, Stingray Martini's Excellent Duckbeast (featuring Tim Armstrong) and the Disturbance, before working mainly under his own name.
In a newspaper article detailing Bay of Plenty music of the late 1980s it was reported, "Ruling the roost at the time – or at least Tauranga's most well-known performer thanks to a stint on TV and a major label album (LP of course) – was Ritchie Pickett, with his band the Jones Boys, featuring bassist/singer Chris Gunn."
Pickett finally released his debut solo album in 1998. As New Zealand rock historian John Dix wrote of local country music of the time, "It wasn't all alt. rock, hip hop and hard rock in the '90s. Country rock survived with recording acts like the Coalrangers (from the wild West Coast), Glen Moffatt, Ritchie Pickett, the Renderers and the Waltons. The most successful were the Warratahs, signed to Pagan."
In 2004, Pickett released a live album featuring his contributions from a New Zealand tour with fellow New Zealand songwriter Glen Moffatt and Australian roots songwriter Bill Chambers, father of Kasey Chambers. Five years later he was part of the band The Rattler, also featuring former members of Knightshade and the Furys, which released "The Leaving".
Pickett died on 13 March 2011 at the age of 56.

</doc>
<doc id="18395663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395663" title="Arthur Dearborn">
Arthur Dearborn

Arthur Kent "Ding" Dearborn (May 27, 1886 – August 28, 1941) was an American track and field athlete and tug of war competitor who competed in the 1908 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Everett, Massachusetts and died in Boston, Massachusetts.
In 1908 he finished fourth in the Greek discus throw event and fifth in the discus throw competition. He was also a member of the American tug of war team which was eliminated in the first round of the Olympic tug of war event.

</doc>
<doc id="18395669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395669" title="PAI Partners">
PAI Partners

PAI partners is a major European private equity house and is the leading private equity investor in the French market. It is one of the oldest firms in the sector with its origins dating back to Paribas Affaires Industrielles, the historical principal investment activity of Paribas, which started operations in 1872.
PAI manages and advises dedicated private equity funds with a total equity value of over €7 billion. Over the last decade, PAI has led 45 transactions in 8 European countries for a value of more than €30 billion.
PAI has 50 agents from 9 European countries and teams in Paris, Copenhagen, London, Luxembourg, Madrid, Milan and Munich.
History.
PAI's origins date back to Paribas Affaires Industrielles, the historical principal investment activity of Paribas, the pan-European merchant bank which merged with Banque Nationale de Paris in 1999. PAI was originally formed to manage the private equity investments of BNP Paribas. In 1993, Amaury de Seze joined Paribas Affaires Industrielles as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Under his leadership, PAI developed a strategy in private equity that capitalized on the team's familiarity with industrial sectors.
Paribas Affaires Industrielles led the €610 million buyout of Danone’s pasta and condiment unit in 1997, at that time the largest leveraged buyout ever completed in France. The following year, the firm finalized fundraising for its first third party investment fund, raising €650 million of investor commitments. PAI completed a full spinout from BNP in 2000 and the following year raised a new €1.8 billion private equity fund.
On May 6, 2008, PAI announced the final closing of its most recent private equity investment Fund, PAI Europe V, with €5.4 billion ($8.3 billion) of investor commitments.
In September 2009, PAI's CEO Dominique Megret was forced to step down in favor of Lionel Zinsou, who came from N.M. Rothschild. The move was described as a "coup d’etat" which has caused discord among both the firm's professionals and investors. In response, PAI has offered investors an opportunity to reduce the size of PAI Europe V, raised in 2007 and 2008, by almost 40%. 
Investment funds.
Since 1998, PAI has raised four investment funds:
Investments.
Historically, PAI managed Paribas' stakes in large food and consumer goods companies across Europe: Royal Canin (European leader in dry pet food), Diana Ingredients (natural food ingredients), Evialis (animal feed), Saupiquet (ready meals), LDC (premium poultry), Navidul (cured ham - Spain), SOS Arana (rice - Spain) and helped them consolidate their respective sector. PAI has completed a large number of leveraged buyouts of market leading European companies in recent years including several of the most significant in Europe. The most recent transactions in consumer goods and services, healthcare as well as general industrial companies are highlighted below:
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18395674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395674" title="Alleghany, Virginia">
Alleghany, Virginia

Alleghany is an unincorporated community in Alleghany County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18395699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395699" title="Ma Wan (painter)">
Ma Wan (painter)

Ma Wan (); was a Chinese landscape painter, calligrapher, and poet during the Yuan Dynasty (1271–1368). His specific dates of birth and death are not known.
Ma was born in Jiangning (江宁; present-day Nanjing) and later lived in Songjiang. His courtesy name was Wenbi (文璧) and his pseudonyms were Ludunsheng (鲁钝生; lit. "Ungainly One") and Guanyuanren (灌园人; lit. "Garden Irrigation Person"). He was taught by Yang Weizhen. Ma's landscape painting followed the style of Huang Gongwang, utilizing a clear and faint touch.

</doc>
<doc id="18395712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395712" title="Backbone, Virginia">
Backbone, Virginia

Backbone is an unincorporated community in Alleghany County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18395715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395715" title="Puerto Rico State Guard">
Puerto Rico State Guard

The Puerto Rico State Guard (PRSG) —— is the state defense force of Puerto Rico that operates under the sole authority of the governor of Puerto Rico who, in turn, delegates such authority to the Puerto Rico Adjutant General. The Guard's secondary purpose is to assume the state mission of the Puerto Rico National Guard in the event that the National Guard is mobilized. The PRSG is one of the few state defense forces of the United States that has an air division.
Overview.
The PRSG is a voluntary professional military corps and one of the Major Subordinate Commands of the Puerto Rico Military Forces, which includes the Puerto Rico Army National Guard and the Puerto Rico Air National Guard. The PRSG respond directly to the Adjutant General of Puerto Rico, is commanded by a brigadier general and is composed of main units in San Juan metropolitan area and in the cities of Ponce (South), Mayagüez (West), and Caguas (Center). The Puerto Rico State Guard is among the most active and largest State Defense Forces (SDFs) in the nation with almost 1,600 troops organized in 6 Support Groups, a separate SAR Company, a Military Academy, an Air Base Group and HHQs . 
The PRSG is the State Defense Force (SDF) of Puerto Rico and has the capability to support the Puerto Rico National Guard(PRNG) Operations in security operations, engineering, transportation, chaplaincy, emergency management, legal, and medical services among others operational areas. As part of the Puerto Rico National Guard Family the PRSG is also known as the State Command of the Puerto Rico National Guard. 
It is noteworthy that, along with Texas, California and New York, the PRSG is one of the few SDF's that has an Air Division that embrace the Air Force culture. The 1st Air Base Group, located at Muñiz Air National Guard Base, is an excellent example of integration and teamwork with the PRANG units. The 1st Air Base Group is composed of a Headquarters Squadron, a Mission Support Squadron (Engineering Flight, Services Flight, Personnel Flight and Fire Fighter Flight), a Medical Squadron, a Security Forces Squadron, a Logistic Squadron (Transportation Flight and Supply Flight) and an Aerial Port Squadron. 
The State Defense Forces (SDF's) (also known as state guards, state military reserves, or state militias) in the United States are military units that operate under the sole authority of a state government and they are partially regulated by the National Guard Bureau. SDF’s are authorized by state and federal law and are under the command of the governor of each state. The US Congress recognized the need for governors and States to keep military troops even if the President calls the state National Guard for federal military service. For that reason, the Congress authorize the SDF’s under Title 32 of the United States Code.
History.
The PRSG is direct offspring of the Spanish Volunteer Regiments created during Spanish Colonial which was later replaced by the US Volunteer Infantry in 1898. The PRSG was created in 1941 in response to WWII. It disbanded in 1946. The modern PRSG reformed in 1976 by the virtue of the Military Law of Puerto Rico it's considered the state controlled branch of the PRNG. This group was formed to provide Puerto Rico a trained and organized military force in the event of a state security emergency or if the National Guard is deployed. The PRSG is the state’s authorized militia and assumes the state mission of the Puerto Rico National Guard in the event the Guard is mobilized. The PRSG comprises retired, active and reserve military personnel and selected professional persons who volunteer their time and talents in further service to their state.
The modern PRSG reformed in 1976 by the virtue of the Military Code of Puerto Rico (Law Num. 62 from June 23, 1969 and amendments) it's considered the state controlled branch of the PRNG. By Law the Puerto Rico State Guard is part of the Total Force and one of three components of the Puerto Rico Military Forces, reporting to The Puerto Rico Adjutant General.
There are clear historical, legal, and practical justifications for strengthening the State Defense Forces. Since the founding of this country, militias have played a vital role in fulfilling the constitutional duty of providing for the common defense. Today, as strictly state forces, SDFs continue to provide subject matter expert and critical manpower at minimal cost.
Role.
The task of the PRSG is to offer support, in its totality, to the Puerto Rico National Guard (PRNG) when the later is activated by the Governor of Puerto Rico or called to active service by the President of the United States. The PRSG also represents the Puerto Rico National Guard in civic activities, and supports the PRNG in cases of emergencies. 
With the approved resources, the State Guard of Puerto Rico will be able to recruit and to train personnel to provide the security and defense with the armories; as well as to assist the civilian authorities in cases of natural disasters, emergencies and serious disturbances of public order. These volunteers will offer support and provide services to the community by means of health clinics.
In the PRSG, there is a large representation of prior service soldiers with extensive combat and command experience as well as non-priors with significant professional and paramilitary backgrounds which greatly enhance the organization. A large proportion of PRSG soldiers are active members of State Guard Association of the United States (SGAUS) and a few senior officers and NCOs hold leadership positions in the organization.
The PRSG have been a very active force multiplier for the PRNG, supporting Federal mobilizations (legal and medical support), and its current mission is to assist the National Guard especially in concern to homeland security and SAR duties (natural disasters, civil disturbances, communities service and facilities management).
PRSG ranks are official State ranks but not Federal ranks. All appointments, commissions, warrants, and enlistments are recognized and authorized by the Governor of Puerto Rico through the Adjutant General of PR. The PRSG military personnel render to all members of the military community, and receive from them, all courtesies common to all such members, such as saluting, and forms of address. 
The PRSG is the state’s authorized militia and assumes the state mission of the Puerto Rico National Guard in the event the Guard is mobilized. The PRSG comprises retired, active and reserve military personnel and selected professional persons who volunteer their time and talents in further service to their state. 
Unlike the Civil Air Patrol or the United States Coast Guard Auxiliary, the PRSG is a statutory military entity of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico with each PRSG member subject to parts of the Uniform Code of Military Justice (UCMJ) per the Military Code of Puerto Rico. 
In the PRSG, there is a large representation of prior service soldiers with extensive combat and command experience as well as non-priors with significant professional and paramilitary backgrounds which greatly enhance the organization. A large proportion of PRSG soldiers are active members of State Guard Association of the United States (SGAUS) and some senior officers and NCOs hold leadership positions in the organization.
Generally, the PRSG soldiers and airmen don’t receive paid for drills, UTA’s or Annual Training. However, because the PRSG is a state military force, members are subject to call to state active duty by the governor. When that happens, PRSG members are paid at the same rate of pay for their rank or grade as their National Guard counterparts. 
The law also grant employment protection to any person that belongs to Puerto Rico State Guard and that because of it to be absent from employment, for State Active Duty or training. 
This major command was formed to provide Puerto Rico a trained and organized military force in the event of a state security emergency or if the National Guard is deployed. The PRSG is the state’s authorized militia and assumes the state mission of the Puerto Rico National Guard in the event the Guard is mobilized. The PRSG comprises retired, active and reserve military personnel and selected professional persons who volunteer their time and talents in further service to their state.
The PRSG is organized in the following subordinates units:
The PRSG Military Academy offers specialized and general training to its soldiers. Some examples of training offered either at state or local levels include:

</doc>
<doc id="18395717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395717" title="Boiling Spring, Alleghany County, Virginia">
Boiling Spring, Alleghany County, Virginia

Boiling Spring is an unincorporated community in Alleghany County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18395718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395718" title="Jennifer Eccles">
Jennifer Eccles

"Jennifer Eccles" is a 1968 single by The Hollies. It was released with the B-side "Open Up Your Eyes" on the Parlophone label, Catalogue number R5680. The song reached #7 on the UK singles chart in March 1968. Around the same time, it was released in the US with a different B-side, "Try It", and reached #40 on the Billboard Hot 100.
The song was covered in 1995 by Mark Oliver Everett. It was originally released on the Hollies cover album "Sing Hollies in Reverse" under his solo moniker, E, before his first release with the band Eels. It was later used as a B-side for Eels' 2001 single, "Souljacker part I" and included on Eels' 2008 compilation album, "". 
Jennifer Eccles (who had "terrible freckles") also features in the song "Lily the Pink" by The Scaffold; the reference is an in-joke, as Graham Nash, who had by now left The Hollies, sang backing vocals on this recording.

</doc>
<doc id="18395726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395726" title="Callaghan, Virginia">
Callaghan, Virginia

Callaghan is a census-designated place (CDP) in Alleghany County, Virginia, United States. The population as of the 2010 Census was 348. 
Humpback Covered Bridge and Wood Hall are listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="18395733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395733" title="Clearwater Park, Virginia">
Clearwater Park, Virginia

Clearwater Park is an unincorporated community in Alleghany County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18395739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395739" title="Joseph Kriechbaumer">
Joseph Kriechbaumer

Joseph Kriechbaumer (21 March 1819, Tegernsee- 2 May 1902), Munich was a German entomologist who specialised in Hymenoptera especially Ichneumonidae.
A Dr.phil. Kriechbaumer was Kurator (Director) of the Munich Natural History Museum (Zoologische Staatssammlung München). His son Anton Kriechbaumer (1849-1935) was also an entomologist.

</doc>
<doc id="18395743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395743" title="George Bayntun">
George Bayntun

George Bayntun (4 August 1873 - September 1940) was an English bookseller, bookbinder, and collector.
Born and living in Bath, Somerset, England. George Bayntun served an apprenticeship with the Taylor family, before starting his own bookbinding business in Northumberland Place in 1894. He took on London binders to raise the standard of craftsmanship and soon moved into larger premises on Walcot Street. It was recognised that "He has brought intelligence into play as well as high craftsmanship". In 1920 he bought the business of George Gregory, and in 1939 Bayntun and Rivière binderies were incorporated into a new set of premises on Manvers Street (Bath), in which the business still exists today.
George Bayntun was described by Wilmarth Lewis in "Collector's Progress": "He wore a smock in the shop and after selling a certain number of books took snuff. The sneeze released fresh energies". He adhered to traditional book binding techniques and his response to an enquiry as to why is quoted "We work in the old way. Machine binding? Ah yes...but not for us." He had an especially good relationship with many pre-eminent American dealers, and Arthur Brenanto, Maurice Inman, Nat Ladden and Dr Rosenbach hosted a lunch in his honour on a visit to New York in 1936.
George Bayntun died at the age of 67 in 1940, having built a world famous business. Wilmarth Lewis wrote "After twenty seven years his books are sound and with any kind of care they will remain so forever". George Bayntun's last years were crowned by the frequent patronage of Queen Mary, who spent the war years near Bath. She granted the firm the appointment of Bookseller to Her Majesty in 1950.
After George Bayntun's death the firm continued with a series of managers, and George's only child, Constance, oversaw its survival. In 1953 she was joined by her son, Hylton Bayntun-Coward, and the following year he took over the management. He served twice as President of the Antiquarian Booksellers Association, in 1980-82 and 1992–93, and as High Sheriff of Avon in 1993-94. George Bayntun is now owned by Hylton's son, Edward Bayntun-Coward. Educated at Marlborough College and University College, Oxford, he worked for almost ten years at Maggs Bros Ltd in Berkeley Square. He is also Chairman of the Bath Preservation Trust and a number of museums in Bath, including No.1 Royal Crescent, The Countess of Huntingdon's Chapel and William Beckford's Tower.

</doc>
<doc id="18395745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395745" title="Medicina Plinii">
Medicina Plinii

The Medicina Plinii or Medical Pliny is an anonymous Latin compilation of medical remedies dating to the early 4th century AD. The excerptor, saying that he speaks from experience, offers the work as a compact resource for travelers in dealing with hucksters who sell worthless drugs at exorbitant prices or with know-nothings only interested in profit. The material is presented in three books in the conventional order "a capite ad calcem" (“from head to toe,” in the equivalent English expression), the first dealing with treatments pertaining to the head and throat, the second the torso and lower extremities, and the third systemic ailments, skin diseases, and poisons.
The book contains more than 1,100 pharmacological recipes, the vast majority of them from the "Historia naturalis" of Pliny the Elder. Other sources include Celsus, Scribonius Largus, and Dioscorides. Most of the recipes contain a limited number of ingredients, and in contrast to more expansive and thorough collections such as the "De medicamentis liber" of Marcellus Empiricus, precise measurements in "drachmae", "denarii" or other units are specified for only a few formulations.
Perhaps because Pliny's name was attached to it, the book enjoyed great popularity and influence, with many manuscript versions from the Middle Ages. It was often used as a handbook in monastic infirmaries. 
The collection is also referred to as "Medicina Plinii Secundi" or "Plinii valeriani," and its authorship is sometimes noted as “Pseudo-Pliny.” It was a major source for the "Physica Plinii", a 5th- or 6th-century medical compilation.
Sample remedies.
The ingredients and methods in the "Medicina Plinii" are typical of Latin pharmacological handbooks. Materials may be botanical, animal-derived, or metallic; processes include decoction, emulsification, calcination and fermentation. Preparations may be applied topically, or consumed. Magic, perhaps to be compared with faith healing, was a regular feature of the manuals.
Following is a prescription for bloodshot eyes:
Several treatments are listed for quartan fever ("quartanis", probably malaria). The first requires a nail that was used in a crucifixion, which is to be bound to the head with a strip of cloth, or a rope from a cross, then sprinkled with calcined cow manure. In the eight sentences of remedies — involving, among other substances, dill seed, hare's heart, a boy's urine, and a frog boiled in oil, not to mention the capture, ear-clipping, and release of a live mouse — the absence of syntactical transitions makes it less clear than in the work of Marcellus whether a sequence of treatment is meant or a series of alternatives offered. The chapter concludes with a charm and careful instructions to the practitioner:
The sympathetic magic employed here (tree = person) is similar to arboreal healing charms in Cato the Elder and Marcellus. The name "Gaius Seius" (or "Gaius Lucius") was the Latin equivalent of John Doe; the patient's name was to be substituted. Magico-medical spells and inscriptions, as on amulets, frequently personify and apostrophize the ailment (here, "Fever"). The reference to Solomon is a perhaps unexpected but not unusual reminder of the syncretistic, international character of Hellenistic magic; Solomon is frequently invoked in healing charms or depicted on amulets as driving away or defeating an affliction.
As Calvert Watkins has pointed out, “magical, carminative medicine was in Indo-European culture and society a manifestation of the power of the spoken word,” and was one of the three modes of healing: surgery, botanical pharmacology, and formulaic magic. As recipients of this tradition, Greek and Roman medical writers offered magical, verbal therapies along with theoretical and empirical approaches. From the perspective of modern medicine, the irrational element can perhaps be overemphasized; many remedies in the "Medicina Plinii", such as a topical cream for sores made from bear fat and red clay, or any number of potent herbal preparations, are typical of traditional medicine and contain active ingredients with demonstrated effect.

</doc>
<doc id="18395749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395749" title="Sheng Mao">
Sheng Mao

Shèng Mào (Sheng Mao, traditional: 盛懋, simplified: 盛懋); was a Chinese landscape painter during the Yuan Dynasty (1271–1368). His specific dates of birth and death are not known.
Sheng was born in Jiaxing the Zhejiang province. He was taught by Chen Lin, and later by Zhao Mengfu. Sheng's paintings of landscape and human figures utilized a delicate style with beautiful colors.

</doc>
<doc id="18395752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395752" title="Clifdale, Virginia">
Clifdale, Virginia

Clifdale is an unincorporated community in Alleghany County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18395757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395757" title="Cliftondale Park, Virginia">
Cliftondale Park, Virginia

Cliftondale Park is an unincorporated community in Alleghany County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18395762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395762" title="Crows, Virginia">
Crows, Virginia

Crows is an unincorporated community in Alleghany County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18395766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395766" title="Earlehurst, Virginia">
Earlehurst, Virginia

Earlehurst is an unincorporated community in Alleghany County, Virginia, United States.
Climate.
The climate in this area is characterized by hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. According to the Köppen Climate Classification system, Earlehurst has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

</doc>
<doc id="18395771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395771" title="Fairview Heights, Virginia">
Fairview Heights, Virginia

Fairview Heights is an unincorporated community in Alleghany County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18395783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395783" title="Griffith, Virginia">
Griffith, Virginia

Griffith is an unincorporated community in Alleghany County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18395797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395797" title="Waterloo Monument">
Waterloo Monument

The Waterloo Monument near Ancrum in the Scottish Borders is a 150 foot tower, built between 1817 and 1824 to commemorate the Battle of Waterloo. It was designed by the architect Archibald Elliot, after the original monument designed by William Burn collapsed. 
The monument stands on Peniel Heugh, OS ref: NT 653263, a hill between Ancrum and Nisbet, Roxburghshire. Although technically on private land, walkers may park at the Harestanes Visitor Centre and then follow the marked walk to the top of the hill. The tower is not open to the public, although a key to the monument can be borrowed at a small cost from the Lothian Estates Office in nearby Bonjedward. Inside the monument is a spiral staircase leading to the balcony which encircles the top of the tower.
On 1 May 2011, a temporary zip wire was erected at the monument as part of a fundraising event for the Anthony Nolan charity. The zip wire, built by Vertical Events, is believed to be the longest ever set up in the UK and was long. 

</doc>
<doc id="18395802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395802" title="Wilbur Burroughs">
Wilbur Burroughs

Wilbur Burroughs ("Wilbur Gordon Burroughs, Sr.;" June 13, 1884 – August 6, 1960) was an American track and field athlete and tug of war competitor who competed in the 1908 Summer Olympics.
He died in Granite City, Illinois.
In 1908 he finished eighth in the Greek discus throw event and tenth in the discus throw competition; his result in the shot put event is unknown. He was also a member of the American tug of war team, eliminated in the first round of the Olympic tug of war event.

</doc>
<doc id="18395805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395805" title="Harrington, Virginia">
Harrington, Virginia

Harrington is an unincorporated community in Alleghany County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18395808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395808" title="Hematite, Virginia">
Hematite, Virginia

Hematite is an unincorporated community in Alleghany County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18395815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395815" title="Thomas David Petite">
Thomas David Petite

Thomas David Petite (born May 30, 1956) is an American inventor and is best known for being one of the five early key inventors of Wireless ad hoc network or Wireless Mesh, Technology. He is Native American and a member of the Fond du Lac Band of Lake Superior Chippewa tribe. He is also a founder of the Native American Intellectual Property Enterprise Council, a non-profit organization helping Native American inventors and communities.
Petite has more than 40 US patents pending, dating back to 1995 on adhoc networks. A listing of some of his inventions can found at Patent Genius or by a search at The US Patent Office. 
Petite is considered to be a visionary scientist/engineer, with business knowledge skills. His early inventions seem to demonstrate a foresight to see the technology curve with business values.
Early life.
Born in Atlanta, Georgia, he is the son of Robert Eugene Petite of the Fond du Lac Chippewa tribe and Helen Ruth Byrd.
Thomas David Petite goes by his middle name David. He was brought up in Atlanta by his father who was a Native American Chief of the Chippewa tribe in Wisconsin. His father educated David on the cultural heritage of the Chippewa tribe instilling strong values and a great sense of pride.
Inventions.
Much of Petite's work revolves around the networking, remote control, activation or monitoring of wireless enabled devices. From his early invention of a personalized security system, in which a portable transmitter can be carried or worn and activated by an individual in need of assistance to transmit data relating specifically to that individual, to his most recent patents covering a site controller adapted to be used in an automated monitoring system for monitoring and controlling a plurality of remote devices via a host computer connected to a first communication network, his work has covered a multitude of industry sectors and applications.
He is perhaps best known for his role in the invention of the necessary components integral to creating remotely monitored and controlled environmental systems within a specific location such as a home This set of inventions was a driving force behind the development of the so-called "Smart meter", and thus to what is now known as the "Smart Grid". According to one description “A true Smart Grid enables multiple applications to operate over a shared, interoperable network, similar in concept to the way the Internet works today.” His major contribution was developing the technology to allow a plurality of devices to operate together on one low power or proximity network. This technology allows each device to have single addressable identities and act as individuals or as an infinite and scalable series of devices.
Career.
Petite was a founder of StatSignal Systems, Inc. the first company, in the late 1990s, to successfully patent and introduce wireless mesh technology (SMART CLOUD) to the utility industry and health care industry.
In 2003 Petite, along with partners, founded SIPCO, which develops technologies enabling robust self-organizing wireless networking and related technologies known as Wireless Mesh in conjunction with IntusIQ, a brand marketing company that licenses Petite's and other key innovators patents to various industries.
In 2012, GE and MPEGLA acquired a minority stake in SIPCO.
Honors.
In 2010 he was honored by the Georgia State Senate in a resolution introduced by Chairman of the Economic Development Committee Senator Chip Pearson. Mr. Petite was recognized for "his innovations in wireless technology and his incredible career in engineering and invention."
In 2010 he was honored as the 4th most successful Native American entrepreneur by Legal Zoom
Petite was invited to attend the presidential signing of The America Invents Act, in September 2011. 
In September 2011 Gov. Nathan Deal of Georgia appointed Petite to the Georgia Council on American Indian Concerns, a body created by the Georgia Legislature in 1992 to help protect Indian graves and burial objects from accidental and intentional desecration. The Council is the only state entity specifically authorized to address the concerns of Georgia's American Indians.
Media.
In 2011 Petite was featured by CNN in its series, "In America".
References.
Reuter News; Wed Jan 30, 2008 Coughlin Stoia Geller Rudman & Robbins now representing pioneers of mesh technology - David Petite, and Dr Edwin Brownrigg.
From Fulton County Daily Report; FRIDAY, JULY 20, 2007 In Court fight over wireless technology invented by David Petite.
Atlanta Business Chronicle; Patent ruling could be key for wireless industry IPCo patents could be worth hundreds of millions.
Marietta Daily Journal; Dick Yarbrough: Native American inventor proud of past and focused on future.

</doc>
<doc id="18395818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395818" title="Hooks Mill, Virginia">
Hooks Mill, Virginia

Hooks Mill is an unincorporated community in Alleghany County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18395822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395822" title="Kingdom of Sitawaka">
Kingdom of Sitawaka

The Kingdom of Sitawaka (Sinhala: සීතාවක) was a kingdom located in south-central Sri Lanka. It emerged from the division of the kingdom of Kotte following the Spoiling of Vijayabahu in 1521, and over the course of the next seventy years came to dominate much of the island. Sitawaka also offered fierce resistance to the Portuguese, who had arrived on the island in 1505. Despite its military successes, Sitawaka remained unstable, having to contend with repeated uprisings in its restive Kandyan territories, as well as a wide-ranging and often devastating conflict with the Portuguese. Sitawaka disintegrated soon after the death of its last king Rajasimha I in 1594.
History.
Foundation.
The Kingdom of Kotte had been the major power in western Sri Lanka since its foundation in the early 15th century; under Parakaramabahu VI, the polity has been the last to unite the entirety of the island of Sri Lanka under one crown. By 1467, however, the Jaffna Kingdom to the north had asserted its independence. In 1505 the first Portuguese arrived in Sri Lanka; by 1518 a large fleet of Portuguese ships had landed at Colombo and begun to construct a fort known as Santa Bárbara. To the east, the client kingdom of Kandy was by this time operating with a considerable degree of independence as well. 
Vijayabahu VII of Kotte (1509–1521) was deposed in a palace coup known as the Spoiling of Vijayabahu in 1521 by his three sons who feared their succession to the throne was about to be overlooked in favour of Vijayabahu's fourth son, Devaraja. The eldest succeeded him to the throne as Buvanekabahu VII, whilst the other two claimed parts of Kotte for themselves—Mayadunne ruling from Sitawaka and Pararajasinha establishing the kingdom of Raigama. The kingdom of Kandy was effectively outside of the control of any of these three successor states. 
The kingdom of Sitawaka initially covered a relatively small area including Kosgama, Ruwanwella, Yatiyanthota, Hanwella, Padukka, Ehaliyagoda, Kuruwita and Rathnapura. The terrain was hilly, bordered to the east by Kandy and with no access to the sea. The capital city—modern Avissawella—was situated on a steep hill at the base of bluff hills rising around above the surrounding jungle cover.
Rise (1521–1551).
Soon after his ascent to the throne, Bhuvanekabahu began to strengthen his ties with the Portuguese in order to secure his throne from any potential challenge from Sitawaka. Though local resistance prevented them from completing a fortress in Colombo, from 1524 a Portuguese agent remained in Kotte under the king's protection and Portuguese naval forces began to contend with Malabari Mappilas for dominance of cinnamonere eventually repulsed by a Bhunvanekabahu, who was assisted by forces despatched by the Portuguese Viceroy of Goa. Another attempt at seizing Kotte in 1537 failed when Mayadunne's forces were defeated by forces under the command of the Portuguese Captain-General in Colombo, Afonso de Souza; a fleet sent from Calicut to assist was on this occasion defeated by the Portuguese at Vedalai. A truce was negoiated between Sitawaka and Kotte in the aftermath of the conflict, and Mayadunne turned his attention south to the kingdom of Raigama, which he annexed following the death of Raigam Bandara (Pararajasinha) in 1538.
Two further invasions of Kotte followed in the next five years. The first, beginning in 1539, failed following resistance organised by the new Portuguese Captain-General in Colombo, Miguel Ferreira. Calicut yet again provided troops and weaponry to Sitawaka; however, following defeat, Kulhenamarikkar and Pachimarikkar, two of the Zamorin's generals, were handed over to the Portuguese and the alliance between Calicut and Sitawaka ended. News in 1543 that Bhuvanekabahu had named his grandson Dharmapala as his successor prompted yet another invasion, yet again repulsed with the aid Portuguese forces under the command of the new Captain-General, António Barreto.
Conquest of Kotte (1551–1581).
Portuguese involvement in the internal politics of Kotte increased with the arrival in 1550 of viceroy Afonso de Noronha and a contingent of some 500 Portuguese soldiers. The Portuguese sacked Sitawaka later that year, but failed to retain the city. Accounts indicate that Mayadunne had adopted a policy of simply evacuating his capital and retreating into the surrounding terrain when the Portuguese approached—on occasion leaving the palace lights burning and spreading white cloth on the floor as a welcome for the invaders. Once the invaders had left the capital, the king's forces would then harass them along the route down to the Kelani river. 
In 1551 Bhuvanekabahu was assassinated and succeeded by Dharmapala, who relied heavily on his European allies to maintain his hold over the kingdom. A new Portuguese fortress was constructed in Colombo in 1554, and by 1556 the 70,000 inhabitants in the vicinity of Colombo Fort had converted to Catholicism.
King Dharmapala himself converted to Catholicism in 1557 and adopted the name Dom João Pereira Bandara. Large numbers of Buddhist clergy and commoners fled the kingdom fearing persecution amidst rumours of forced conversions. Perhaps most significantly, the Tooth Relic—the most sacred object in the land and a traditional symbol of royal authority and inheritance—was smuggled out of Kotte and taken to Delgamu Viharaya in Ratnapura. Portuguese claims to have burnt the relic further inflamed the resentment of the populace. A Sitawakan invasion that year was repulsed by Captain-General Dom Afonso Pereira de Lacerda.
Kotte counter-attacked in 1562, with Lacerda leading a substantial force from Colombo along the banks of the river Kelani. At Mulleriyawa they encountered a force led by Tikiri Banda, Mayadunne's son; in the subsequent Mulleriyawa Satana a significant number of Portuguese and several thousand Lascarins were killed, and the invading force routed. The victory was a huge psychological boost for the Sitawakans, reflected in Tikiri Banda's acquisition of the moniker Rajasinha—"king of the lions". 
Pressing their advantage, Mayadunne and Tikiri Bandara launched a two-pronged attack on Kotte in 1564, laying siege to both Kotte and Colombo. Portuguese forces were forced to retreat from Kotte with Dharmapala, leaving Sitawaka in control of much of the kingdom. Major Sitawakan garrisons were established at Wattala, Nagalagama and Mapane. However a thin costal strip, running from Negombo to Galle and including the fort in Colombo, was kept provisioned from the sea by Portuguese ships and remained in Portuguese hands until after the collapse of Sitawaka a generation later. Strategically, this enabled them to harass and wage attritionary campaigns against the kingdom, the most notable being the invasion of 1574 which saw Negombo, Kalutara and Beruwala plundered, Sitawakan garrisons at Nagalagama and Mapane expelled, and the districts of Weligama and Chilaw ravaged. Portuguese influence culminated in Dharmapala's 1580 declaration that in the event of his death, the lands of Kotte would pass to Manuel II.
Rajasinha I.
Mayadunne died in 1581 and was succeeded by Rajasinha. In 1582, the new king invaded and conquered the kingdom of Kandy to the east, bringing the entirety of Sri Lanka into the Sitawakan fold, with the exception of the Jaffna Kingdom and Portuguese holdings in the south. Karaliyadde Bandara, king of Kandy, fled to Trincomalee and subsequently died of smallpox; his young daughter, Kusumasana Devi, came under the protection of the Portuguese, who baptised her Dona Catherina and over the next decade claimed the throne of Kandy in her name. Rajasinha's hold over the area was further disrupted by the rebellion of his viceroy Wirasundara Mudiyanse. Though the uprising was crushed, and Wirasundara murdered, his son Konappu Bandara fled into Portuguese territory. Baptised as Don Juan of Austria, he was to become an enduring opponent of the king of Sitawaka.
Portuguese intrigue in Rajasinha's court had dramatic results between 1583 and 1587; numerous nobles were executed following accusations of treachery. Most importantly Rajasinha turned against the Buddhist clergy following the discovery of collaboration with his enemies; temples were destroyed, Sri Pada seized and given over to Hindu priests, and Rajasinha himself converted to Hinduism. Many of the disaffected fled to the highlands. In Kotte, King Dharmapala formalised his donation of 1580 on the 4th of November 1583. 
Rajasinha redoubled his efforts at dislodging Europeans and by 1587 he had amassed a force of some 50,000 infantry, as well as war elephants, cavalry, and a number of locally manufactured cannon. The army commenced what was to become a twenty-two month siege of Colombo that year. In the absence of a Sitawakan navy, the Portuguese—supplied from Goa via the sea—could hold out for extended periods of time. A shift in policy by Calicut ensured that there was no hope of rekindling the old alliance with the south Indian kingdom, and Rajasinha was forced to abandon the siege in February 1588 to deal with unrest further inland. 
The last years of Rajasinha's reign were spent defending the kingdom's borders, a task made more difficult by the Portuguese invasion of the northern Jaffna Kingdom in 1591. The following year Portuguese forces briefly occupied Kandy, but were expelled. Nonetheless a new, and formidable, enemy had emerged in the form of Konappu Bandara, who had returned to Kandy in the early 1590s. Adopting the name Vimaladharmasuriya, he was seized the throne of Kandy, converted back to Buddhism, and married Don Catherina to legitimise his claim. In 1593, he defeated Rajasinha at Balane and Mawela, effectively securing Kandy's independence from Sitawaka. Rajasinha died the following year. 
Despite the kingdom's impressive successes, much of its stability was dependent on a smooth succession and a competent ruler; Rajasimha's sudden death in 1594 (the same year the Portuguese appointed their first Governor-General of Ceylon) was met with neither of these and within less than a year Sitawaka had ceased to function as a cohesive polity.
Successor States and Legacy.
Following the fall of Sitawaka, Portuguese forces sacked the city and pressed inland until they were expelled by Kandyan forces under Vimaladharmasuriya. The Portuguese remained the premier power in lowland Sri Lanka until the early 17th century, when they were finally expelled by Rajasinha II and his Dutch allies. 
A resurgent kingdom of Kandy under Vimaladharmasuriya I also sacked Sitawaka, and went on to become the major source of resistance to European power for the next two hundred years. Avissawella was reduced to being a border town, and the royal complex was eventually lost to the jungle until explored by the British in the 19th century.

</doc>
<doc id="18395823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395823" title="Intervale, Virginia">
Intervale, Virginia

Intervale is an unincorporated community in Alleghany County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18395834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395834" title="Iron Hill Springs, Virginia">
Iron Hill Springs, Virginia

Iron Hill Springs is an unincorporated community in Alleghany County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18395839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395839" title="48th Rescue Squadron">
48th Rescue Squadron

The 48th Rescue Squadron (48 RQS) is part of the 563d Rescue Group at Davis-Monthan Air Force Base, Arizona. PJs/CROs primarily fly onboard HH-60 Pave Hawk aircraft while conducting search and rescue missions.
Mission.
The 48 RQS trains, equips, and employs combat-ready pararescuemen, combat rescue officers, and supporting personnel worldwide in support of U.S. national security interests. It provides survivor contact, treatment, and extraction during combat rescue operations, uses various fixed and rotary wing insertion and extraction assets. It employs by any means available to provide combat and humanitarian search, rescue, and medical assistance in all environments.
History.
The 48th flew search, rescue, and recovery, mostly over water from, 1952–1969, 1972–1976, and 1985-1987. It supported USAF Survival School from, 1972–1976 and 1985-1987. Squadron personnel performed interdiction missions in support of South Florida Drug Interdiction Task Force from, 1985-1987. Since October 1993, the squadron has flown helicopters for combat rescue, water survival training, and drug interdiction missions.

</doc>
<doc id="18395842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395842" title="Jordan Mines, Virginia">
Jordan Mines, Virginia

Jordan Mines is an unincorporated community in Alleghany County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18395851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395851" title="Kincaid, Virginia">
Kincaid, Virginia

Kincaid is an unincorporated community in Alleghany County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18395855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395855" title="Umberto Avattaneo">
Umberto Avattaneo

Umberto Avattaneo (April 2, 1883 – January 9, 1958) was an Italian track and field athlete who competed in the 1908 Summer Olympics.
Biography.
He was born in Rome. In 1908 he finished tenth in the Greek discus throw event. In the discus throw competition his result is unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="18395858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395858" title="Longdale, Virginia">
Longdale, Virginia

Longdale is an unincorporated community in Alleghany County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18395864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395864" title="Mallow, Virginia">
Mallow, Virginia

Mallow is an unincorporated community in Alleghany County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18395888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395888" title="Moss Run, Virginia">
Moss Run, Virginia

Moss Run is an unincorporated community in Alleghany County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18395891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395891" title="2007–08 Nicaraguan Professional Baseball League season">
2007–08 Nicaraguan Professional Baseball League season

The 2007–08 Nicaraguan Professional Baseball League season finished with the Indios del Bóer winning the competition.
Final Series.
Indios del Bóer - Fieras del San Fernando 4-2 wins

</doc>
<doc id="18395895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395895" title="Nicelytown, Virginia">
Nicelytown, Virginia

Nicelytown is an unincorporated community in Alleghany County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18395896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395896" title="Kiko Veneno">
Kiko Veneno

José María López Sanfeliu (April 3, 1952) born in Figueres, Girona is a Spanish musician better known by his stage name Kiko Veneno
Biography.
He was brought up in a military home in Figueres, grew up in Cádiz finally settling down in Seville. He got the nickname Kiko while studying at university. He studied History and philosophy and after graduating, travelled through Europe and the US. During his travels he attended concerts of artists like Frank Zappa, and Bob Dylan which influenced his style. Still, also during these years he rediscovered flamenco. In 1975 he formed the group Veneno with brothers Rafael and Raimundo Amador. In 1977 they produced the eponymous album "Veneno" produced by Ricardo Pachon. Although not a great hit at the time it is now considered a classic Spanish album.
In 1979 he collaborated with Camarón de la Isla, the famous gypsy flamenco singer, on the classic album "La leyenda del tiempo".
In 1982 he published his first solo album "Seré Mecánico por Ti", produced by Jose Luis de Carlos, which had a poor commercial performance. During the 1980s he continued to publish songs but due to lack of commercial success he had to supplement his music working for the council of Seville.
The most successful part of his career started in 1992 when he signed BMG-Ariola and released his albums "Échate un cantecito" (1992) and "Está muy bien eso del cariño", both produced by Joe Dworniak. The first album produced several hits like "En Un Mercedes Blanco" and "Joselito". The success of these albums allowed him to devote himself full-time to music.
In 1992, Kiko sponsored the creation of a group that would be called Mártires del Compás, formed by Chico Ocaña, Raul Rodriguez and Jose Caraoscura. Disagreements between Ocana and Kiko meant that the group split in two: Ocaña took the name of the group and went solo, and Raul Rodriguez and Jose Caraoscura (Kiko in the background) formed Caraoscura. They released an album in 1995 entitled "¿Qué es lo que quieres de mí?".
In 1999 he toured Argentina to give a series of concerts which were a critical success. After three more records Kiko ended his contract with Ariola and decided to produce future music himself.
In September 2005 he released "El Hombre Invisible". Ever since, he has mostly collaborated with other musicians, while releasing his own new songs only via digital download.
In 2006 he formed the group G5 along Los Delinqüentes, Tomasito and Muchachito Bombo Infierno.

</doc>
<doc id="18395904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395904" title="Warren Hill (musician)">
Warren Hill (musician)

Warren Hill (born on April 15, 1966 in Toronto, Ontario, Canada is a Canadian smooth jazz and adult contemporary musician. A graduate of Berklee College in Boston, Massachusetts, Hill performed at his own graduation day in 1988, where he caught the attention of record producer Russ Titelman, who helped him sign a record deal with RCA Records in 1991, and Hill released his debut album "Kiss Under the Moon" that year. He also backed Chaka Khan and Natalie Cole in the early 1990s.
Throughout the 1990s and into the 2000s (decade), Hill continued to release albums: "Devotion" came out in 1993 and "Truth" in 1994. By 1997, he had switched to Discovery Records, where he released 1997's "Shelter" and 1998's "Life Thru Rose Colored Glasses". "Love Life" followed in 2000 on the Narada label, followed by "Love Songs" and "A Warren Hill Christmas" in 2002, "PopJazz" in 2005. In 2008, he signed to Koch Records, issuing "La Dolce Vita" in June of that year.

</doc>
<doc id="18395906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395906" title="José Goñi">
José Goñi

José Mario Goñi Carrasco is a Chilean diplomat and politician, currently appointed ambassador to the United States. Before this appointment he had served as Minister of National Defense from 2007 to 2009. His previous diplomatic roles include Ambassador to Mexico, Italy and Sweden. He is a graduate in business majoring in economics of the University of Concepción.

</doc>
<doc id="18395908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395908" title="Oakwood Forest, Virginia">
Oakwood Forest, Virginia

Oakwood Forest is an unincorporated community in Alleghany County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18395910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395910" title="Potts Creek, Virginia">
Potts Creek, Virginia

Potts Creek is an unincorporated community in Alleghany County, Virginia, United States. It is also the name of a watercourse in the same area, Potts Creek (watercourse).

</doc>
<doc id="18395913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395913" title="Rayon Terrace, Virginia">
Rayon Terrace, Virginia

Rayon Terrace is an unincorporated community in Alleghany County, Virginia, United States.
Rayon Terrace is a village in the city of Covington, Virginia. It is sometimes called South Covington. The village takes its name from the former Rayon Industrial Plant that opened in the 1920s. After the Rayon Plant closed in 1961, the plant was then taken over by Hercules, Incorporated.
Rayon Terrace is one of the quieter neighborhoods in the city of Covington with one church, six small businesses, a small ballfield, and plenty of mountains to view. There was also a small post office located at the corner of Jackson and Kadel streets until it was closed in the 1970s.

</doc>
<doc id="18395917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395917" title="Rich Patch, Virginia">
Rich Patch, Virginia

Rich Patch is an unincorporated community in Alleghany County, Virginia, United States, which has a decent deer population for hunting.

</doc>
<doc id="18395925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395925" title="Rich Patch Mines, Virginia">
Rich Patch Mines, Virginia

Rich Patch Mines is an unincorporated community in Alleghany County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18395926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395926" title="Wang Mian">
Wang Mian

Wang Mian () (1287–1359) was a Chinese painter during the Yuan Dynasty (1271–1368).
Wang was born in Zhuji the Zhejiang province. His style name was Yuanzhang (元章) and his sobriquets were "Zhushi Shannong" (煮石山農), "Fangniu Weng" (放牛翁), and "Meihua Wuzhu" (梅花屋主). Wang Mian aspired to be an official, but when he failed he turned to painting for a living. He painted plum blossoms as metaphors against the ruling Mongols of the Yuan Dynasty. Wang developed his own distinct style of painting plum blossoms that was very bold and vigorous. He edited the "Manual of Plum" to describe his experiences of plum-painting.
A friend wrote " "Those who sought out his paintings came in crowds, and stood back to shoulder to watch. He used paintings on long and short lengths of silk in order to earn what he needed for rice. When people mocked him, Wang Mian said, ' I depend on this for my livelihood. Why, otherwise, would I want to be a painting master working for others?"

</doc>
<doc id="18395927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395927" title="Jewish Policy Center">
Jewish Policy Center

The Jewish Policy Center, founded in 1985 and now located at 50 F Street, NW, Suite 100, Washington, D.C. is a think tank tied closely to the Republican Jewish Coalition.
According to Matthew Brooks, director of both the Jewish Policy Center and the Republican Jewish Coalition, the Policy Center is nonpartisan and focuses solely on issues, both foreign and domestic. "In the past, we've focused on a number of domestic-policy issues, social-security reform, education. But right now, there is so much focus and attention on these critical foreign-policy issues." 
Center fellows include Norman Podhoretz, Michael Medved and Ruth Wisse.
The Center has sponsored many forums around the country billed as "Liberal Roots, Conservative Solutions". It has lobbied for school vouchers, supported the Israeli pullout from Gaza, and worked to draw attention to antisemitism on American college campuses.
External links.
http://www.jewishpolicycenter.org

</doc>
<doc id="18395930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395930" title="Stonewall, Alleghany County, Virginia">
Stonewall, Alleghany County, Virginia

Stonewall is an unincorporated community in Alleghany County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18395932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395932" title="(229762) 2007 UK126">
(229762) 2007 UK126

, also written as (229762) 2007 UK126, is a scattered disc object (SDO) with a bright absolute magnitude of 3.7. This makes it probably a dwarf planet. , Mike Brown lists it as highly likely a dwarf planet. Its light-curve amplitude is estimated to be Δm=0.111 mag.
Its orbital eccentricity of 0.49 suggests that it was gravitationally scattered onto its eccentric orbit. It is estimated to come to perihelion in December 2045.
It has been observed 58 times over 9 oppositions with precovery images back to 1982.
It has been reported that has a satellite, but a mass estimate has not been made. The magnitude difference between the primary and the satellite is 3.79 mag. The satellite has a tentative diameter of 139 km, a semi-major axis of 3600 km, and an orbital period of 3.7 d.

</doc>
<doc id="18395936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395936" title="Morning Symphony Ideas">
Morning Symphony Ideas

Morning Symphony Ideas is a posthumous compilation album by Jimi Hendrix, released on July 25, 2000 by Dagger Records. The album contains previously unreleased studio and home demo recordings. "Keep on Grooving" was later featured on the companion CD to the 2007 book "Jimi Hendrix: An Illustrated Experience".
Track listing.
All songs were written by Jimi Hendrix, except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="18395938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395938" title="Sweet Chalybeate, Virginia">
Sweet Chalybeate, Virginia

Sweet Chalybeate is an unincorporated community in Alleghany County, Virginia, United States.
Sweet Chalybeate Springs was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="18395946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395946" title="Valley View, Virginia">
Valley View, Virginia

Valley View is an unincorporated community in Alleghany County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18395948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395948" title="Westwood Place, Virginia">
Westwood Place, Virginia

Westwood Place is an unincorporated community in Alleghany County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18395955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395955" title="Madvillainy 2">
Madvillainy 2

Madvillainy 2: The Madlib Remix is a studio album by hip hop duo Madvillain. The album is a complete remix of their highly-acclaimed debut album "Madvillainy". According to Stones Throw Records, Madlib could not wait for the official sequel of "Madvillainy" to be released, so he chose to remix their debut album completely. It has been released on the Stones Throw Records online store as a box set including the primary CD, a 7-inch vinyl of Madlib's remix of MF DOOM's "One Beer", "One Beer (Drunk Version)", a cassette tape containing an official demo of the "Madvillainy" leaked demo tape Are Madvillain, a t-shirt, a comic book continuing the "ALL CAPS" video, and the silver wrapped box.

</doc>
<doc id="18395962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395962" title="William R. Brewster">
William R. Brewster

William Root Brewster (July 27, 1828 – December 13, 1869) was an officer in the Union Army during the American Civil War who commanded a regiment in the famed Excelsior Brigade of the Army of the Potomac. He later commanded the brigade, including at the Battle of Gettysburg where Brewster and his men were overrun by Confederates while defending the Emmitsburg Road position of the ACW not far from the Peach Orchard.
Early life.
William Root Brewster was born on July 27, 1828, in Goshen, Connecticut, the son of Nelson Brewster and Lucretta Hannah Root. He later moved to New York State, probably to Brooklyn.
Civil War.
When the war broke out, Brewster was commissioned as the major of the 28th New York State Militia at Brooklyn in the spring of 1861. He and his regiment were not engaged at the First Battle of Bull Run because it was on guard duty along the Potomac River.
Brewster returned to New York, where he became involved in the recruiting efforts of the controversial politician Daniel Sickles, which led to creation of the Excelsior Brigade. Brewster became colonel of the 73rd New York Infantry, Fourth Excelsior, on September 13, 1861. The recruits were mostly from the fire departments of the New York and Brooklyn area. The Excelsior regiments subsequently served in the Peninsula Campaign of Maj. Gen. George B. McClellan. The brigade served in the Second Division, III Corps. Brewster is reported to have been taken prisoner in this period, but the details are unknown. He was exchanged about August 15, 1862. Consequently, he was not present at the Second Battle of Bull Run.
Brewster was in command of his regiment at the Battle of Fredericksburg. He missed the Battle of Chancellorsville, likely because of illness. When he returned to the Army of the Potomac, Brewster found himself in command of the Excelsior Brigade in the division of Brig. Gen Andrew A. Humphreys. Brewster led the brigade during the Gettysburg Campaign in June and July 1863. On July 2, the brigade was advanced to an area near the Peach Orchard. It was flanked out of that position by the Confederate division of Maj. Gen. Lafayette McLaws. Brewster's horse was shot out from under him in that action. The remains of the brigade took part in a counterattack late on July 2 that recaptured some abandoned Union guns. Brewster reported that his brigade lost 778 of 1,837 engaged. 
Brewster again fell ill after the battle, and the brigade was led by Brig. Gen. Francis Barretto Spinola during the pursuit of the Confederate army into Virginia. (Spinola was wounded at the Battle of Manassas Gap on July 23, 1863. Col. J. Egbert Farnum commanded until Brewster returned to active duty.) Brewster was present for the autumn campaigns of 1863, and it is reported that he inspired his men by rising from his “sick bed” to lead the Excelsiors in the Mine Run Campaign. 
When the Army of the Potomac was reorganized for the Overland Campaign of Lt. Gen. Ulysses S. Grant, Brewster retained brigade command. The brigade, augmented with two regiments, served in the Battle of the Wilderness in the Fourth Division, II Corps under Brig. Gen. Gershom Mott. When the remnants of the division became part of the Third Division of Maj. Gen. David B. Birney shortly before the Battle of Spotsylvania, Brewster’s brigade became the division’s Fourth Brigade. He led these men at the Battle of Cold Harbor and in the initial operations of the Siege of Petersburg until May 13, 1864. Then the brigade was abolished. Most of the Excelsiors were moved to the First Brigade, Third Division. When Brig. Gen. Régis de Trobriand joined II Corps during the siege, he took command of the First Brigade, with Brewster as the senior colonel. When de Trobriand was acting division commander October 8-October 21, 1864, Brewster led the brigade in his place. 
Colonel Brewster was mustered out with the 73rd New York on October 24 near Petersburg, Virginia, and subsequently returned to New York. He was given the brevet rank of brigadier general on December 2, 1864.
Postbellum activities and memorialization.
Following his mustering out of the service, Brewster returned to Brooklyn and resumed his civilian life. He was active in early reunions of his former regiment.
William R. Brewster died in Brooklyn on December 13, 1869, at the age of 41. He was buried there at the Green-Wood Cemetery, a cemetery that also contains the remains of several other Civil War officers and generals. 
A monument to the Excelsior Brigade stands in the field in which it deployed at Gettysburg, now known as the Excelsior Field. It was dedicated on July 2, 1893.

</doc>
<doc id="18395980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395980" title="Wang Yi (painter)">
Wang Yi (painter)

Wang Yi (); ca. (1333-"unknown") was a Chinese painter of human figures during the Yuan Dynasty (1271–1368). His specific date of death is unknown.
Wang was born in Muzhou (睦州 present day Jiande 建德) in Zhejiang province and lived in Hangzhou. His style name was 'Sishan' (思善) and his pseudonym was 'Chi Juesheng' (痴绝生). Wang's developed his own distinct style of painting human figures that demonstrated good shape and spirit. He edited the "The Secrets of Painting Human Figures" (写像密诀) to describe his experiences of human figure painting.

</doc>
<doc id="18395981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395981" title="Tiger Varadachariar">
Tiger Varadachariar

Tiger Varadachariar (1876–1950) was a famous Carnatic music vocalist who hailed from the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. M. D. Ramanathan was his student.
Early life.
Tiger Varadachariar hailed from a musical family of unique distinction. His father Ramanujachariar was a musical discourser, brother K.V. Srinivasa Ayyangar was a renowned musicologist while another brother K.V.Krishnamachariar was a veena player. In fact, Tiger used to say that he learnt much from the singing of his sister. Varadachariar was born on August 1, 1876 at Kolathur. Varadachariar's receptive ears and musical instincts drew inspiration and knowledge from street dramas, bhajans and even from occasional contacts such as with Fiddle Ramachandrayyar. He was big, burly and unprepossessing. This exterior housed a genial and lovable man, a brilliant musicologist, a musical artiste and an acknowledged teacher of renown. Music was not then prosperous from the economic view-point and the father wanted to keep his sons - all mad with music - away from it. But the inevitable happened. Photo Masilamani and Pedda Singaracharyulu encouraged Varadachariar in his musical pursuits and Varadachariar was with the venerable Patnam Subramania Ayyar for three years from the age of fourteen. Constraints of family forced young Varadachariar to enter the Survey Department at Calicut on Rupees twelve per mensem. Survey of lands did not deter the youth's pursuit for excellence and survey of music.
When he was at Mysore, he attracted the attention of Krishnaraja Wodeyar, who honoured him with the title of 'Tiger' and presented him with a 'thoda'. It was unique that in spite of a gruff voice, the 'Tiger' strode like a colossus for decades and extracted respect and honour with his superlative knowledge and universally accepted teaching acumen. As a musician, his voice lacked melody, ring and delicacy. But one can see in him 'a treasure house of varied musical gems of rare brilliance'. His flights of imagination were unlimited. His deep singing produced massive effect on the audience. Brikas, gamakas and graces would bristle out defying his unresponsive voice. He was a good composer of varnams, gitam, kritis, etc. 'Eediname Sudinamu' was composed by him when C.Rajagopalachariar visited Kalkshetra in 1948 as Governor General. 'Nidu Charanamule' (Simhendramadyamam) under the signature of Tyagaraja is actually a composition of the 'Three musketeers of Kaladipet', the Tiger Brothers.
Awards.
Varadachariar was awarded the Sangeetha Kalanidhi by Madras Music Academy in the year 1932.

</doc>
<doc id="18395982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395982" title="Falling Spring, Virginia">
Falling Spring, Virginia

Falling Spring is an unincorporated community in Alleghany County, Virginia, United States.
History.
Massie House was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="18395986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395986" title="Paulus Moreelse">
Paulus Moreelse

Paulus Moreelse (1571 – 6 March 1638) was a Dutch painter, mainly of portraits.
Life.
Moreelse was born and died in Utrecht. He was a pupil of the Delft portrait painter Michiel Jansz. van Mierevelt, who had himself been a pupil of Anthonie van Blocklandt. He took a study-trip to Italy, where he received many portrait commissions. Back in Utrecht, in 1596 he became a member of the "zadelaarsgilde", which was the traditional name in Utrecht for the Guild of Saint Luke. In 1611, along with Abraham Bloemaert, he was one of the founders of a new painters' guild, called "St. Lucas-gilde", and became its first "deken".
Moreelse was a well known portrait painter who received commissions from right across the Dutch Republic. His earliest work dates to 1606. Other than portraits, he also painted a few history paintings in the Mannerist style and in the 1620s produced pastoral scenes of herders and shepherds. He belonged to the same generation as Abraham Bloemaert and Joachim Wtewael, and like Wtewael he played an important role in the public life of their city. His version of Diana and Callisto was engraved by Jan Saenredam. In 1618, when the anti-remonstrants came to power in Utrecht, he was "raadslid".
Moreelse was also active as an architect, building Utrecht's Catharijnepoort (1626, demolished c.1850) and possibly also the Vleeshuis (still extant) on Voorstraat from 1637. He taught at Utrecht's "tekenacademie", and among his many pupils was Dirck van Baburen. On his death he was buried in the Buurkerk in Utrecht.

</doc>
<doc id="18395992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18395992" title="Longdale Furnace, Virginia">
Longdale Furnace, Virginia

Longdale Furnace is an unincorporated community in Alleghany County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18396002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396002" title="Jeff Plympton">
Jeff Plympton

Jeffrey Hunter Plympton (born November 24, 1965 in Framingham, Massachusetts) is a former relief pitcher in Major League Baseball who played briefly for the Boston Red Sox during the season. Listed at 6' 2", 205 lb., Plympton batted and threw right-handed. He was selected by the Boston Red Sox in the 10th round of 1987 draft out of the University of Maine, where he played college baseball for the Black Bears from 1985 to 1987.
Plympton posted a 2-1 record with a 1.06 ERA for Maine in the 1986 College World Series. Overall that summer, he finished 7-2 with a 3.10 ERA, tying Mike Remlinger (Dartmouth) for the most wins.
In four relief appearances for Boston, Plympton recorded a perfect 0.00 ERA without a save, giving up five hits and four walks while striking out two in 5 ⅓ innings of work. 
Plympton also played in the Red Sox minor league system from 1987 to 1993. He went 27-29 with a 3.23 ERA and 43 saves in 279 games, including 223 walks, 457 strikeouts, and 502.0 innings pitched.

</doc>
<doc id="18396013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396013" title="Peter Mohr Dam">
Peter Mohr Dam

Peter Mohr Dam (11 August 1898 – 8 November 1968) was a Faroe Islands politician who was one of the founders of the Social Democratic Javnaðarflokkurin party in 1926.
Born on 11 August 1898, in Skopun, Faroe Islands, Dam became a teacher in Tvøroyri. 
He was member of the Faroese Løgting from 1926 until his death in 1968. Chairman of the Social Democratic Javnaðarflokkurin party from 1936 until his death in 68. He was a member of the town council of Tvøroyri from 1925 until his death, mayor of Tvøroyri from 1934–1957.
He was member of the Danish Folketing as one of two Faroese members from 1948–1957 and 1964–1967. From 1958 to 1963 and from 1967 to 1968 he was the Prime Minister of the Faroe Islands (Løgmaður).
He was the father of three-time Prime Minister Atli P. Dam. His granddaughter, Helena Dam á Neystabø, is a Social Democratic politician. Dam died on 8 November 1968, in Tórshavn, Faroe Islands.

</doc>
<doc id="18396017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396017" title="Victoria Jackson-Stanley">
Victoria Jackson-Stanley

Victoria Jackson-Stanley (born August 20, 1953) is an American politician and the first African-American and the first woman to be elected Mayor of Cambridge, Maryland.
Background.
Jackson-Stanley was born in and grew up in a racially segregated Cambridge, where blacks lived in a section called Ward Two and attended segregated schools. The town had a history of racial unrest, with race riots making headlines in the 1960s. By the 1970s, the town integrated and she was among the first black students to attend the previously all-white Cambridge High School.
Jackson-Stanley is currently the deputy director of the Dorchester County Department of Social Services.
She and her husband, Jerome, live in Cambridge; they have a daughter and a grandson.
Election.
On June 10, 2008, in a non-partisan primary election Jackson-Stanley and incumbent Mayor Cleveland Rippons won the right to face each other in the July general election. Rippons received 696 votes, Jackson-Stanley 674 votes and Octavene Saunders finished third with 128 votes. Under Cambridge local election laws, only the top two vote-getters qualify for a run-off general election. During the general election campaign, Jackson-Stanley went door-to-door in the City of Cambridge touting her leadership skills and vowed to hire competent professionals to head vital city departments. Rippons, an eight year incumbent, was criticized during the campaign for his support of the expansion of development in and around Cambridge. On July 8, 2008 voters chose Jackson-Stanley over Rippons by a 1,383 to 1,231 margin. Although Cambridge is composed equally of black and white residents, neither candidate felt that the other brought up race as an issue. Residents agreed that economic growth and other concerns were more important than gender or race. Jackson-Stanley was sworn in on July 21, 2008. She won a second term in July 2012. 

</doc>
<doc id="18396021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396021" title="Odetta Sings Folk Songs">
Odetta Sings Folk Songs

Odetta Sings Folk Songs is an album by American folk singer Odetta, first released in 1963. It was her second release on her new label, RCA Victor and is out of print. It peaked at number 75 on the Billboard Pop Albums charts.

</doc>
<doc id="18396025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396025" title="Krishnahari Baral">
Krishnahari Baral

Krishnahari Baral (born 4 January 1954) is a Nepali lyricist, songwriter, poet, literary critic, and author who is professor of Nepali at Central Department of Nepali, Tribhuwan University, Kathmandu. Dr. Baral has written more than forty books including course books, literary criticisms, and collection of lyric poetry.
Biography.
Baral was born in a middle-class family on 4 January 1954 in Hatpate, Sindhuli, Nepal. He spent most of his early childhood in the same village and near the bank of Kamala River. He grew up in an environment where his grandmother was an amateur lyricist, putting her own words in local folk tunes and then singing them, while his grandfather was regularly reciting verses from Hindu epics. His father, Khadananda Baral is a farmer and his mother, Padma Kumari Baral died early in his childhood. He started writing lyric poetry when he was in grade five.
There was no high school in the village at that time. So, he moved to Janakpur in 1967 and joined Shri Saraswati Multi Purpose High School. Janakpur was a much larger and more developed city than his home village. Here, he was exposed to Hindi movies, which often had songs with melodious tunes and great lyrics. In 1973, he first published two lyrics in Usha magazine.
After completing undergraduate studies in Janakpur, he moved to Kathmandu in 1977. The same year, his lyrics ‘Ma Bhakta Hu Yo Desko (I am a devotee of this nation)' was sung and recorded for the first time in Radio Nepal. He got married in 1981 to Sushma Baskota. His wife gave birth to their first child, a daughter in 1982 AD, followed by another daughter in 1986 and a son in 1987. He completed Masters Degree and PhD in Nepali from Tribhuwan University. Currently he is a professor of Nepali literature at Central Department of Nepali, Tribhuwan University.
He has written books of linguistics, collection of lyric poetry, and literary criticism. He has co-written course books on Nepali from grade one to masters Level also. He published many of his books after 1994, which include 'Bhasa Bigyan Ra Nepali Bhasa (Linguistics and Nepali Language)' in 1994, followed by 'Sandristi (Critique Collection)' and, 'Upanyas Sidhdhanta ra Nepali Upanyas (Theory of Novel and Nepali Novels)' in 1999, 'Kabi Bhupi: Bishleshan ra Mulyankan (Poet Bhupi: Analysis and Evaluation)' in 2001, 'Geet Sidhdhanta Ra Itihas (Theory and History of Lyrics)' in 2004, and 'Bastuparak Samalochana (Objective Critique)' in 2005. His lyrics collections are 'Ek Phool, Anek Patra (Single Flower, Myriad Mails)' published in 1995 and 'Geetkar Krishnahari Baral: Srijana ra Samalochana (Lyricist Krishnahari Baral: Creation and Critique)' published in 2002. The latest among his books is 'Ghazal: Sidhdanta Ra Parampara (Ghazal: Theory and Chronicle)', published in 2008.
His career as lyricist began when he was fascinated by a radio program and its hosts (Devi Sharma and Pandav Sunuwar) during his youth. He wrote a letter to the program which was broadcast on air. Later in a meeting, they who suggested that he should write lyrics, and he did so. Almost 400 of them have been recorded. He has contributed many solo albums, numerous published songs, and two song collections. Some critics have even called him ‘magician of words’ and ‘lyricist of lyricists’. He has received most of the nation’s major awards for his contribution in song writing, which include the ‘Chhinnalata Musical Award (2000 AD)’, the ‘Nai Kalanidhi Musical Award (1999 AD)’ and many others. Recently, by Kantipur FM, a leading FM station, he was named to be the lyricist whose songs were aired the most throughout a year.
He has also written books on criticism of novels, and dramas as well. His PhD thesis was about criticism of ghazal, a genre of lyric poetry common to many Middle Eastern and South Asian cultures..
As a lyricist.
The patriotic songs are usually about the geographical and historical contexts of Nepal as well as the bravery shown by Nepalese warriors and martyrs. They also contain the message that Nepalese should build their nation on their own.
As a Literary Critic.
His journey of criticism began in 80's with the publication of his first critique "Rupmati Upanyas: Adhuniktako Prashna (Rupmati Novel: Matter of Modern times)". Now his theoretical as well as practical critique creations have spread to different genres like Novels, Poems, Songs, Ghazals, Essays etc. His works have been published in many books and articles.
Some of his critiques are focused entirely on the works of an individual, while others are detailed analysis of various subject matters and their historical account. Whereas "Geet Sidhdhanta Ra Itihas (Theory and History of Lyrics)", "Ghazal: Sidhdanta Ra Parampara (Ghazal: Theory and Chronicle)" and "Upanyas Sidhdhanta ra Nepali Upanyas (Novel theory and Nepali Novels)" contain theoretical stuff as well as the entire history of songs, ghazals and novels respectively, "Kabi Bhupi: Bishleshan ra Mulyankan (Poet Bhupi: Analysis and Evaluation)" is limited to thorough examination of works of poet Bhupi Sherchan. Besides, "Sandristi (Critique Collection)" and "Bastuparak Samalochana (Objective Critique)" are collections of many scattered analytical essays.
Depending upon the situation, his works are found to have formulated new theories also. His analysis technique is basically objective and he is of the school of thought that creations should not be examined from a single point of view only. Baral's works, packed with solid subject matter and decorated by crafty language, are valuable in the collection of Nepali Literary Criticism. Historically, among Nepali critiques, Baral's name comes after Motiram Bhatta, Suryabikram Gyawali, Ramkrishna Sharma, Dr. Taranath Sharma, Dr. Ishwor Baral, Dr. Basudev Tripathi, and Indra Bahadur Rai.
As an Author.
In addition to being a lyricist and a critic, Mr. Baral is involved in other fields too. He has made an important contribution by writing many course books. Most of those books are co-written. Among them, "Bhasa Bigyan Ra Nepali Bhasa (Linguistics and Nepali Language)" is co-written with Prof. Mohanraj Sharma and remaining course books with Netra Atom.
He has published Nepali Grammar books for students from Grade 1 up to Grade 10. These consist of "Sachitra Bal Byakaran (Children's Grammar with Illustrations)" for grade 1-5, "Nimna Madhyamik Nepali Byakaran (Lower Secondary Nepali Grammar)" for grade 6, 7 & 8 and "Madhyamik Nepali Byakaran (Secondary Nepali Grammar)" for grade 9 & 10. He has also published "Anibarya Nepali Byakaran, Abhibyakti ra Abhyas (Compulsory Nepali Grammar, Expression and Exercise)" for I.A., +2 & B.A. and "Sadharan Nepali (Simple Nepali)" for B.Ed. He has provided foreword in many books of many writers too.
Works.
• Collection of lyrical poems
• Literary Criticisms
• Linguistics
• Course Book
• Text Book
•Edited Works:
•Music Albums:
•Lyrics contribution in songs of Motion Picture (list of Nepalese films):

</doc>
<doc id="18396035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396035" title="304th Infantry Regiment (United States)">
304th Infantry Regiment (United States)

The 304th Infantry Regiment currently consists of two battalions in the United States Army Reserve. Regimental designation is used only in historical tradition. There is no regimental commander, staff or headquarters. The 1st Battalion, 304th Regiment is headquartered in Londonderry, New Hampshire, and the 3rd Battalion, 304th Regiment is headquartered in Lewiston, Maine.
World War I.
The 304th Regiment was created primarily with men from Connecticut as part of the 76th Infantry Division on August 29, 1917, at Camp Devens, Massachusetts, for the purpose of fighting Imperial Germany in World War I. Colonel Joseph S. Herron was appointed as the unit's first commander and set sail with the unit from Boston Harbor on July 7, 1918. The unit arrived in England, rested, then crossed the Channel for Le Havre, France, on July 27, 1918. Once in place in France, the unit served as a replacement regiment, providing officers and soldiers to the units currently fighting on the front line. 
The war ended on November 11, 1918, and the unit left France in 1919, being deactivated on January 20, 1919.
Interwar Period.
A year and a half after being deactivated, the unit was reorganized as part of the US Army Reserves on June 24, 1921. Having been primarily made up of personnel from the state of Connecticut, the regiment was headquartered in Hartford.
World War II.
With America's declaration of war on Nazi Germany in 1941, units in the Reserve Forces were called to active duty. The 304th Regiment, with the rest of the 76th Division, was called to active duty on June 15, 1942, and sent to Fort Meade, Maryland, to prepare for deployment overseas. The regiment completed training on September 28, 1942, and would remain on casual status until February 25, 1943. 
The regiment returned to combat status on February 25, 1943, and moved to A.P. Hill Military Reservation at Fredericksburg, Virginia. Colonel Wallace A. Choquette took command on September 28, 1943, and the unit set forth for Camp McCoy, Wisconsin. For the next year the unit continued to train, and finally on November 11, 1944, the regiment moved out for Europe.
Once in Europe, the 304th Regiment participated in the Battle of the Ardennes, the Battle of the Rhineland and the Battle of Central Germany. When hostilities ended on VE Day, the 304th Regiment was given the task of governing Altenburg and Rochlitz. The regiment was disbanded while still in Germany on August 31, 1945.
After the War.
Just as after World War I, the 304th Regiment was reconstituted in the Army Reserves on October 7, 1946. But the headquarters was moved to Portland, Maine, rather than Hartford, Connecticut. The headquarters was moved to Portsmouth, New Hampshire, in 1952. The US Army moved away from the use of regiments as a command structure, and the 304th Regiment ceased to exist as a command on January 31, 1968. However, the three subordinate battalions continued to exist as elements of the 76th Division.
Present day.
The 2nd Battalion would eventually also be deactivated, but the 1st and 3rd battalions continue to survive, albeit in different Divisions, with presences in Maine, New Hampshire and Massachusetts. The 1st Battalion of the 304th Regiment is headquartered in Londonderry, New Hampshire, as part of the 98th Division with the mission of executing basic training for the US Army at Fort Leonard Wood, Missouri, while the 3rd Battalion of the 304th Regiment is headquartered in Lewiston, Maine, with the mission of supporting military training for cadets at the United States Military Academy at West Point, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="18396037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396037" title="Jonathan Schanzer">
Jonathan Schanzer

Jonathan Schanzer is an American author & scholar in Middle Eastern studies, and vice president of research at the Foundation for Defense of Democracies.
Professional overview.
Jonathan Schanzer has worked as a counterterrorism analyst for the Office of Intelligence and Analysis at the U.S. Department of the Treasury. Prior to that, he was a Research Fellow at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy. Mr. Schanzer got his start in the policy world as a research fellow at the Middle East Forum, a Philadelphia-based think tank headed by scholar Daniel Pipes. His publications have received numerous professional reviews and have produced various discussions.
Educational overview.
Schanzer holds a BA from Emory University and a masters degree from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem in Middle Eastern studies. He studied Arabic at the American University in Cairo in 2001. He earned his PhD at King's College London. He is a graduate of Lower Merion High School.
Views on Hamas.
In a research paper titled "The Talibanization of Gaza: A Liability for the Muslim Brotherhood", Schanzer wrote that while Ismael Haniyeh officially denied that Hamas intended to establish an Islamic emirate, since the 2007 coup, the Gaza Strip has exhibited the characteristics of Talibanization, whereby the Islamist organization imposed strict rules on women, discouraged activities commonly associated with Western or Christian culture, oppressed non-Muslim minorities, imposed sharia law, and deployed religious police to enforce these laws.
Publications.
Schanzer is a frequent media commentator on issues regarding the Middle East. His work has appeared in "The Wall Street Journal Europe", "Foreign Policy", "Politico", "Commentary", "American Spectator", "New York Post", "Jerusalem Post", "Weekly Standard", "The New Republic" and the "Philadelphia Inquirer". He has appeared on television channels such as Fox News, Bloomberg, and al-Jazeera. He has appeared on CSPAN2's Book TV to discuss the conflict between Fatah and Hamas since the late 1980s and what that has meant for the Israel-Palestine conflict, per his book "Hamas vs. Fatah: The Struggle for Palestine".

</doc>
<doc id="18396039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396039" title="Slot Zuylen">
Slot Zuylen

Slot Zuylen is a Dutch castle at the village of Oud-Zuilen just north of the city of Utrecht. It is located along the Vecht (Utrecht) at the southern end of the Vechtstreek.
History.
The castle was originally built in the 13th century by lord van Suilen en Anholt as a simple donjon. In 1422 during the Hook and Cod wars the castle was completely demolished. In 1510 rebuilding started. In 1752 the castle was modified for the last time. It holds a tapestry by the Delft carpet weaver Maximiliaan van der Gught. Its past inhabitants include Steven van der Hagen and Belle van Zuylen.

</doc>
<doc id="18396054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396054" title="Miroslav Šustera">
Miroslav Šustera

Miroslav Šustera (March 15, 1878 – December 15, 1961) was a Czech track and field athlete and wrestler who competed in the 1906 Summer Olympics, in the 1908 Summer Olympics, and in the 1912 Summer Olympics.
He was born and died in Prague.
In 1906 he finished seventh in the Greek discus throw event and twelfth in the ancient pentathlon competition. He also participated in the discus throw event but his result is unknown.
Four years later he participated in the Greek discus throw event and in the discus throw competition but in both contests his result is unknown. At the 1908 Olympics he also competed in the Greco-Roman light heavyweight event but was eliminated in the first round after losing his fight to Walter West.
His last Olympic appearance was in 1912 when he finished 38th in the discus throw event.

</doc>
<doc id="18396055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396055" title="Jeff Pierce (baseball)">
Jeff Pierce (baseball)

Jeffrey Charles Pierce (born June 7, 1969 in Poughkeepsie, New York) is a former middle relief pitcher in Major League Baseball who played briefly for the Boston Red Sox during the season. Listed at 6' 1", 190 lb., he batted and threw right-handed.
Pierce played college baseball for the NC State Wolfpack from 1990–1991.
Pierce posted a 0-3 record with a 6.60 ERA in 12 relief appearances, giving up 11 runs on 16 hits and 14 walks while striking out 12 without a save in 15.0 innings of work. 
Pierce also played in the White Sox, Red Sox, Reds and Cubs minor league systems from 1992 to 1997. He went 19-15 with a 3.22 ERA and 65 saves in 209 games, including 103 walks, 355 strikeouts, and 349.0 innings pitched.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18396061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396061" title="Wang Yuan (painter)">
Wang Yuan (painter)

Wang Yuan (); was a Chinese landscape painter during the Yuan Dynasty (1271–1368). His specific dates of birth and death are not known.
Wang was born in Qian Tang (钱塘, modern day Hangzhou in the Zhejiang province). His style name was 'Ruoshui' (若水) and his pseudonym was 'Danxuan' (澹轩). Wang imitated Guo Xi for landscapes, Huang Quan for bird-and-flower paintings, and Tang Ren for human figures. He trained under Zhao Mengfu with most of his works dating around 1340. He utilized a minute and brilliant style in all his works.

</doc>
<doc id="18396075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396075" title="Ebb and Flo">
Ebb and Flo

Ebb and Flo is an beautifully animated children's television series of 26 five minute episodes. It aired on Five in the UK and on Nick Jr. (part of Zee's Bookshelf), in the United States. The show has been seen in over 100 territories worldwide. Ebb and Flo is based on a series of painterly books by Jane Simmons. The show was directed and co-produced by Kate Canning of London based Canning Factory with executive production by Genevieve Dexter. 
SYNOPSIS
The world of Ebb and Flo is seen through Ebb’s eyes and Ebb reveals all the emotions grown-ups usually try to hide.
Flo doesn’t think of Ebb as a dog, and Ebb doesn’t think of Flo as a child, they’re simply best friends. Life revolves around their home, a boat moored near the mouth of a sea estuary, the boatyard and the little dinghy in which they visit Flo’s Granny. She lives up a nearby creek and at her house in the wilderness, time seems to stand still.
As they play, they find there are so many things to discover and with the arrival of Bird (a large white goose), Ebb finds that some of life’s early lessons are tough to deal with. With Flo’s help though, and her own naughty humour, Ebb struggles through. Never far away, Ma keeps a watchful eye over them, but rarely intrudes on their life together with Bird as they make new friends in and around the boatyard.
With Ebb at her side and Bird right behind her, Ebb can conquer all!
Some of the Episodes.
Ebb's New Friend, 
Stick With Me,
Ebb's Paw,
Ebb & The Baby Seal, 
Ebb and The Sea Monster,
Flotsam & Jetsam,
Ebb's New Toy,
Ebb's Gift,
Episode list: http://movie-tv-episode-database.com/Animation/Ebb-and-Flo-389231/season-1

</doc>
<doc id="18396099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396099" title="Bill Taugher">
Bill Taugher

William J. Taugher (April 17, 1906 – February 25, 1943) was a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender who played from 1925 until 1936, including stops with the St. Louis Eagles of the National Hockey League (NHL), and Buffalo Bisons, Cleveland Falcons and Rochester Cardinals of the International Hockey League (IHL).

</doc>
<doc id="18396128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396128" title="Kawamura Station">
Kawamura Station

Kawamura Station may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18396136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396136" title="Florida Board of Education">
Florida Board of Education

The Florida Board of Education also known as the "State Board of Education" (SBE) is a committee composed of members appointed by the Florida Governor to guide and direct public K-12 & Community College education in Florida. 
History.
Since Reconstruction, the Commissioner of Education had been a Cabinet level position, elected by the people and directly responsible for public education in Florida. The 1998 Constitutional Revision Commission proposed a rewrite of Article IV, Section IV of the Florida Constitution that reduced the Florida Cabinet from six elected officials to three. The voters approved the changes and it became effective January 7, 2003. The Florida Commissioner of Education became an appointed position and the FLDOE became the overall responsibility of the Governor. The revised constitution also created a new Florida Board of Education with seven members (one of whom is the Commissioner of Education), appointed by the Governor. The Florida Commissioner of Education manages the day-to-day operations of the FLDOE. The current commissioner is Dr. Eric J. Smith, appointed in 2007.
Mission.
According to the Board’s website, their mission is to:
Meetings.
The Florida Board of Education meets at least bi-monthly in Tallahassee; more often if issues require it. Public hearings are also held periodically at locations throughout the state. 

</doc>
<doc id="18396144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396144" title="James Green (author)">
James Green (author)

James "Jim" Green (born 3 December 1944 in Kalabancoro, Mali, is a British writer and broadcaster who turned to writing as a full-time profession after a 25 year career in teaching. He has had over 40 titles published in various genres, from educational text books to travel guides to crime novels. His first foray into crime novels was called "Bad Catholics" (2010 Luath), the first part of a trilogy chronicling the exploits of reformed gangster Jimmy Costello. James has since moved to Accent Press to write a five book series on the development of the US intelligence service
Early life.
Green was raised and attended school in Coventry, Warwickshire. He was the second of three children, his brothers being Michael (b. 1938) and Francis 'Frank', (1948–2001). All three brothers eventually became Catholic primary school headteachers.
Jim Green was educated by the Vincentian Fathers at Bishop Ullathorne Gammar School, Coventry. He left school at sixteen and, after working as coal-miner, farm-worker, motor-cycle courier and building labourer, he went to St. Mary's College, Twickenham and qualified as a teacher.
Career.
Teaching.
During his teaching career Jim acquired, by part-time study, an Open University B.A. and a research M.A. in Education. He studied, again part-time and for three years, for a Ph.D. in Education at Leicester University but, in 1983, the school where he was head teacher was completely destroyed by an arson attack and the final write-up of the research for the Doctorate was postponed, as it turned out, indefinitely. In 1997 Jim left teaching to become a full-time writer and published magazine articles and books on travel. He then began writing the first of what was to become the Jimmy Costello series Over the next thirty years he held positions of varying seniority in Warwickshire, Gibraltar, South Yorkshire, Leicestershire and Shropshire.
Turn to writing.
By the 1970s Green was a rising primary headteacher and began writing educational books as a personal sideline. A Thesaurus for primary schools "A Wordhunter's Companion" was his first best-seller and remains in print in several countries to date having been translated into a number of languages. Although predominantly known as an educational writer of early years personal and social development he also wrote books in the fields of history, travel, humour and poetry followed achieving varying levels of success. Whilst Green varied his genres of writing, educational titles remained his most frequently published genre until his retirement from teaching due to ill health.
Full time writing.
After retiring from teaching in the 1990s Green has been a full-time writer and publisher. He wrote and had published a wide variety of publications such as a history of Wales, an anthology of poetry with cartoonist, All The World's a Pub (with Bill Tidy illustrations) which for a short time was the best selling poetry book of the 21st century and A Christian guide to London, as well as re-publishing his educational material and becoming a contributor to The Tablet magazine and the Catholic Herald. He recently penned a trilogy of crime thrillers featuring the reformed gangster Jimmy Costello, Bad Catholics, Stealing God and Yesterdays Sins.
"Bad Catholics" was nominated for The CWA John Creasy (New Blood) Dagger at the 2009 Crime Thriller Awards.
James has since moved to Accent Press and in September 2012 he published the first of a five book series, Another Small Kingdom, a detailed and accurate historical novel that traces the origins of the US secret service in 1801. He continues to develop personal projects aside from his books.
In May 2013, James Green was Accent Press Author of the Month.
Personal life.
Green is married to wife of 41 years, Patricia Green (née Brennan,) and they have had three children; Dominic, James and Joe. 
Green currently lives in Newark, Nottinghamshire. Green and his family have previously lived in Berwick-upon-Tweed, Telford, Ashby-de-la-Zouch, Sheffield, Leicester and Coventry. Of their two surviving sons (Dominic died in an avalanche near Mont Blanc in Chamonix in 1997) Joe lives in Leicester, James in Nicaragua.
Green is a keen golfer and fan of snooker and the Tour de France. He travels throughout Europe regularly to research his books. He is a devotee of the author P G Wodehouse and the American crime writer Robert B Parker, to whom he once lost a car in a game of poker.

</doc>
<doc id="18396151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396151" title="La Quinceañera (film)">
La Quinceañera (film)

La Quinceañera is a documentary film produced and directed by Adam Taub released in 2007. It was shot in Tijuana, Mexico and follows Ana Maria and her family as they prepare for and celebrate her "Quinceañera". The "Quinceañera" or "Quince Años" (sometimes represented "XV Años", meaning "fifteen years") is, in some Spanish-speaking regions of the Americas, a young woman's celebration of her fifteenth birthday, which is celebrated in a unique and different way from her other birthdays. The word is also used to refer to the young woman whose 15th birthday is being celebrated (analogous to the word "cumpleañera" for "birthday girl").
Reception.
"La Quinceañera" won the "Outstanding Documentary Award" at the 2007 Angelus Student Film Festival and the San Diego Latino Film Festival Award for Best Student Documentary.
A reviewer for "Críticas" magazine called the film a "fine introduction" to the Quinceañera rite. A reviewer for "Reel Talk" called the film sensitive and revealing.

</doc>
<doc id="18396160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396160" title="Optimus Alive!">
Optimus Alive!

Optimus Alive is a music and arts festival which takes place in the Algés riverside, in Oeiras, Portugal. The first edition took place in 2007. Despite its recent creation, the festival has achieved considerable popularity both inside and outside of Portugal, with the UK magazine "NME" placing in one of the top 12 European festivals in 2009. In 2012, NME.com's readers rated the festival 10 out of 10. It is organized by the Everything Is New and its main sponsor is Optimus.
Oeiras Alive!07.
The first Alive!, was held between the 8–10 June 2007, in Algés, Oeiras, and the main attraction was the return of Pearl Jam, Linkin Park and The Smashing Pumpkins, and the first time in Portugal for bands like The Used, The White Stripes and Beastie Boys.
Optimus Alive!08.
The second Optimus Alive! was held between 10–12 June. The second edition gained considerable international attention having both Bob Dylan and Neil Young in the line up, among other popular artists like Within Temptation. It was also helped by the U.K. magazine "NME", which placed it in a list of Europes 12 best festivals outside of the U.K. along with Benicasim and Roskilde.
The low cost of tickets and the optimum weather conditions ensured the festival's success.
Optimus Alive!09.
The third Optimus Alive! was held at the same place between 9–11 July.
Optimus Alive!10.
The Fourth installment of the Lisbon Festival will take place, as usual, in Passeio Marítimo de Alges.
Fan Packs are available from Fnac which as well as the single or three day tickets they also include an Alive! t-shirt. In 5 of these packs there are five Golden tickets, these tickets grant the winner entrance to the Festival through the V.I.P. entrance, backstage access, a guided tour and a chance to meet and greet the Stars in the Optimus Fan Zone.
A three day pass is €90, and €15 for the camping access, single day tickets cost €50.
Optimus Alive'11.
The fifth installment of the Lisbon Festival took place, as usual, in Passeio Marítimo de Alges, Oeiras. To celebrate the fifth anniversary of the festival, Optimus Alive added a fifth day, during which headliners Coldplay performed.
Optimus Alive'12.
The sixth year of the festival drew crowds of more than 55,000 people to hear bands like Radiohead, Warpaint, The Maccabees, and The Kills. The festival's atmosphere failed to charm all its attendees, like The Line of Best Fit's Suze Olbrich, who described her first impression of the festival grounds as a "car park with an enormous hulking main stage, two smaller hooded stages and more branded eateries and stalls than I’ve ever come across in one place". Olbrich did compliment the sound quality blasting from all three stages, but mentioned the first day artists had no hope of filling the "cavernous" arenas, zapping some energy from the performances.
Headliners Radiohead's performance capped off the final night of the festival. The band mostly performed works from its 2011 album King of Limbs. Radiohead was called back for two encores, and performed a section of REM's 'The One I Love'.
The Maccabees also performed on the final day of the festival. During their set, the band broke into a rendition of "Happy Birthday", as July 15 was also the band's bassist Rupert Jarvis' birthday.
The Sunday performances wrapped up well after 4 a.m. Monday morning.
Optimus Alive 2012 was nominated for several European Festival Awards—Best Major Festival, Best European Festival Line-up and Artists' Favourite Festival. Ultimately, Optimus went home empty-handed however.
Optimus Alive'13.
Optimus Alive 2013 is planned for July 12–14, 2013 in Lisbon, Portugal. Bands already confirmed for the festival include Green Day, Two Door Cinema Club, Depeche Mode, Kings of Leon, Alt-J, and Of Monsters and Men, with more to be announced in the coming months. Ticket prices for the 2013 festival range from €53 for a day ticket to €121 for a three day pass and camping accommodations.

</doc>
<doc id="18396162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396162" title="Mehmet Ergen">
Mehmet Ergen

Mehmet Ergen is a Turkish-born theatre director, producer and entrepreneur, currently based in London Borough of Hackney. Ergen came to London from Istanbul in 1989, aged 22, speaking minimal English and with no intention on settling in the capital. He is to have said expanded his vocabulary by listening to Shakespeare audiobooks.
Biography.
After completing a nine-month acting course in Turkey, Mehmet decided to become a director. He put an ad in "The Stage" inviting applicants to join a new theater company, and began putting on plays in pub theaters. Soon after, Ergen co-founded the Southwark Playhouse with Juliet Alderdice and Tom Wilson in 1993. Ergen and his colleagues created the Theater after identifying possible areas in need for an accessible theater, which would provide its surrounding community with a hub for creativity. They converted a disused workshop into a theater space which quickly gained popularity, and by working closely with local teachers, the city council, businesses and government agencies, they were able to develop an innovative, free at source, education program. He was also the theatre’s first Artistic Director between 1993 and 1999.
Mehmet went on to become Associate Producer at the BAC (Battersea Arts Centre) from 1999 to 2001. While there he directed Scott Joplin's "Treemonisha", Kurt Weill's "Lost in the Stars" and had a workshop performance of Marc Blitzstein's "The Cradle Will Rock". It was during this period he also founded The Grimeborn opera festival. The Artistic Director at the time, Tom Morris, asked Ergen to create something new and different from the normal operatic preconceptions in a manner similar to that of Tete-a-Tete of the Riverside Studios. "Grimeborn" was his creation, an opera and musical theater festival that now runs yearly at Arcola Theatre.
In 2000, Ergen founded Arcola Theatre in the London Borough of Hackney with Leyla Nazli. They converted an old shirt factory while teaching in Dalston, East London, into a fringe venue. Ergen acquired £5,000 of start-up money and sent invitations to all the actors and directors he knew to join him in a paint party. They even recycled cutting tables into benches for the audience.
Ergen's role in the development of London theater has often been noted in the media. Arcola is known for its bold selection of plays; “a melting pot of classic revivals and new work … aspiring theater professionals make a beeline for it prepared to work there for less than a pittance; respectable touring outfits, such as the Oxford Stage Company and Out of Joint, have been queuing up to use its cavernous main space and acquire a bit of its urban cred”. Past productions have included Peter Weiss's "Marat/Sade" and David Farr's version of "Crime and Punishment". There were an estimated 30,000 visits in 2003.
Work in Turkey.
In Turkey in 2003, Ergen put together a company and directed "The Lieutenant of Inishmore". The Turkish company had "a bit of a panic" about going ahead: some of the cast thought they should cancel as terrorists had bombed the city less than a month before. The recent bombs had come very close to the theater district and one of the actors from the country's National Theater was killed while he made his way to do a voice-over at a TV studio.
Ergen was unapologetic about the play's content. However, he did stop the newspaper advertising campaign which was to have run teasing trails "Terror in the Theatre: Two Cats Blown Up". The Turkish Prime Minister appeared on stage, drunk at the time after spending the afternoon drinking raki, appealing to the people to return.
The Kenterler Theater where it was staged had never shown a play containing so much swearing, and never one which even touched on terrorism. Ergen translated it himself, creating for the terrorists a mixture of rural idiom and street slang. At the time Ergen claimed he was likely to end up "either dead or with a sold-out show".
Ergen has submitted a proposal for a social-realist program for theater in Turkey, to the British Council. He is now founder of Yeni Kusak Theatre in Istanbul and runs Turkey’s only new writing program Oyun Yaz with the British Council. He established Arcola Istanbul in 2008, known as Talimhane Tiyatrosu.
Director credits at Arcola.
Sweet Smell of Success by John Guare and Marvin Hamlisch
Mare Rider by Leyla Nazlı
Mehmet directs extensively abroad in Israel, Ireland, Canada and Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="18396177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396177" title="Adriaen Maertensz Block">
Adriaen Maertensz Block

Adriaen Maertensz Block (c.1582, Gouda - 7 March 1661, Lisse) was successively captain, commander, and governor of Ambon between 1614-1617, administrator of the "Raad van Indië" for the Kamer of the Dutch East India Company in Amsterdam (VOC) in Batavia.
In 1627 two of his ships wrecked on the island Wight in a storm. He probably intended to go there to buy secretely and trade privately. He was suspended and declared unsuitable for other similar offices, and retired in a country house at Lisse (which he had let built in 1641), now known as Kasteel Keukenhof.
In his inventory were many books listed on navigation and history: Jan Huygen van Linschoten, Hugo de Groot, Justus Lipsius, Lieuwe van Aitzema, Plutarch, Tacitus.

</doc>
<doc id="18396190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396190" title="John Barrett (athlete)">
John Barrett (athlete)

John James Barrett (born 17 December 1879, date of death unknown) was an Irish track and field athlete who represented Great Britain at the 1908 Summer Olympics. He was born in Rahela, Ballyduff, County Kerry, Ireland and worked as a Royal Irish Constabulary officer. He was the twin brother of Edward Barrett.124334 544545
In 1908 he participated in the Greek discus throw event and in the shot but input competition both contests his result is unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="18396195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396195" title="1625 Eye Street">
1625 Eye Street

1625 Eye Street is a high-rise skyscraper building located in Washington, D.C., United States. Its construction began in 2001 and was completed in 2003. The building rises to , featuring 12 floors and 10 elevators to serve those 12 floors. The construction of this building replaced the Cafritz Building, which also used the same address as this building. The original architect of the building was Skidmore, Owings & Merrill (Washington), who designed the postmodern concept of the building. Gensler repositioned the design and ultimately completed the documentation, permitting and construction administration of the building. The material of the postmodern design includes steel and glass. The building serves as an office use building and as a parking garage. The building is operated by Brookfield Properties. The building was originally operated and developed by Union Labor Life Insurance Company, though in late 2003, Skidmore, Owings, & Merrill (Washington) bought the operations to the building for $157 million.

</doc>
<doc id="18396199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396199" title="Alvin Wood">
Alvin Wood

Alvin Wood was an early settler to the area that is now the north central part of Jefferson County, Kentucky. He is credited with naming the community of Lyndon, Kentucky in 1871. The Louisville and Nashville Railroad bordered his land, and Wood built a depot so people could catch the train without traveling to Gilman's Point (later known as St. Matthews, Kentucky) which was several miles away. Wood named the depot "Lyndon" for "Linn's Station", a pioneer fort on nearby Beargrass Creek built in 1779. Wood impacted a portion of the city of Louisville by setting in motion the events that led to the development of the area now known as Lyndon.
As of 2008, a street in Lyndon bears the name "Wood Road" from the Wood family who owned the area. This road is mainly residential but it also contains The Lyndon City Hall and Jeager Education Center. The Kentucky Historical Society erected a Historical Marker which refers to him.

</doc>
<doc id="18396206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396206" title="Drawdown card">
Drawdown card

Drawdown cards are used for testing paints and coatings through wet film preparation.
Black and white cards are used to measure both opacity and contrast ratio. By measuring reflectance values of both parts of the card one can gain a quantitative opacity value of a paint sample.

</doc>
<doc id="18396216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396216" title="Lod Valley Regional Council">
Lod Valley Regional Council

Lod Valley Regional Council (, "Mo'atza Azorit Emek Lod") is a regional council in the Center District of Israel. Founded in 1952, it borders Ben Gurion International Airport and Or Yehuda to the north, Hevel Modi'in Regional Council and Lod to the east, Be'er Ya'akov and Ramla to the south and Beit Dagan and Rishon LeZion to the west.
List of communities.
The council covers eight moshavim and one village;

</doc>
<doc id="18396218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396218" title="Charles Marshall (colonel)">
Charles Marshall (colonel)

Charles Marshall (October 3, 1830 – April 19, 1902) was a Confederate Army officer during the American Civil War. Marshall served as an aide de camp, assistant adjutant general and military secretary to Gen. Robert E. Lee. He was also an uncle of World War II General George Marshall.
Early life.
Marshall was born in Warrenton, Virginia to Alexander John and Maria Rose Taylor Marshall. He was the great nephew of Chief Justice of the United States John Marshall and second cousin of Col. James K. Marshall who was killed during Pickett's Charge. Charles Marshall was educated at the Richard M. Smith School in and the Warren Green Academy in Warrenton before graduating from the University of Virginia with a Master's Degree with high honors in 1848. He served as professor of mathematics at Indiana University from 1850 to 1852. Upon returning to Virginia, Marshall studied law. In 1853, he moved to Baltimore, Maryland where he was admitted to the bar and began practice at the law firm of William Schley. In December 1856, he married Emily Andrews, daughter of Mexican War hero Colonel Timothy Patrick Andrews and sister of Richard Snowden Andrews. Marshall and his wife had one daughter. Emily Andrews Marshall died in 1858.
Civil War.
Lee, a long-time family friend, appointed Marshall to his personal staff on March 21, 1862 with the rank of captain. Marshall served as Lee's aide-de-camp and was present with Lee during all the major battles of the Army of Northern Virginia. He was subsequently promoted to major, lieutenant colonel and colonel. He was responsible for the writing of Lee's after-action reports during the War. Marshall accompanied Lee at the surrender at the Battle of Appomattox Courthouse and drafted Lee's acceptance of the terms of surrender. He also located the Wilmer McLean house where the surrender ceremony took place and drafted Lee's "Farewell Order" to the Army of Northern Virginia.
Postbellum activities.
Following the War, Marshall returned to Baltimore and continued his legal practice, becoming one of the leading attorneys in Baltimore. Marshall delivered the dedication addresses for the monuments to Lee in Richmond, Virginia and Ulysses S. Grant in New York City.
Marshall remarried in December 1866, to Sara Rebecca Nicholls Snowden, daughter of Col. Thomas Snowden. They had five sons.
Marshall's papers were later published in a book called "Lee's Aide-de-Camp", edited by Sir Frederick Maurice and in a later edition by Gary W. Gallagher.
Marshall died in Baltimore, Maryland from a stroke.
In popular media.
Marshall is portrayed by Tim Ruddy in the film "Gettysburg" and by John D. Bert in the film "Gods and Generals". In a much earlier film, "Abraham Lincoln,"
a 1930 United Artists release directed by D.W. Griffith, Marshall is portrayed by Henry B. Walthall.
Further reading.
Bowden, Scott, and Ward, Bill. "Last Chance for Victory: Robert E. Lee and the Gettysburg Campaign," Da Capo Books, 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="18396221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396221" title="It's a Mighty World">
It's a Mighty World

"It's a Mighty World" is an album by American folk singer Odetta, released in 1964. It is out of print.

</doc>
<doc id="18396245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396245" title="Isola di San Secondo">
Isola di San Secondo

San Secondo is a small deserted island located in the Venetian Lagoon, northern Italy. 
History.
In 1034 the Baffo family built a church and a convent for Benedictine nuns, with the task to keep a holy image of St. Erasmus. The current name dates to 1237, when the relics of St. Secundus were brought here from Asti. In 1533 the Benedictines were replaced by Dominicans and in 1566 it became a lazzaretto. Starting from 1569, after a fire in the Venetian arsenal, the Republic of Venice moved a powder store here.
In 1806 the Dominicans where expelled in the wake of the Napoleonic conquest of Venice. In 1824, all the buildings on the island were demolished and it was occupied by a military garrison. Today the island is completely deserted, and only the small ruins of a redoubt may still be seen.

</doc>
<doc id="18396246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396246" title="Hillsboro, Virginia">
Hillsboro, Virginia

Hillsboro may refer to a number of places in Virginia:

</doc>
<doc id="18396257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396257" title="Dhankar">
Dhankar

Dhankar may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18396262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396262" title="Kaj Frederiksen">
Kaj Frederiksen

Kaj Frederiksen (21 September 1916 – 9 July 1991) was a Danish boxer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Gørlev and died in Copenhagen. He was the twin brother of Viggo Frederiksen.
In 1936 he was eliminated in the second round of the flyweight class after losing his fight to the upcoming silver medalist Gavino Matta.

</doc>
<doc id="18396270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396270" title="Callum Jones">
Callum Jones

Callum Rebecchi (previously Jones) is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera "Neighbours" played by child actor Morgan Baker. He made his first screen appearance during the episode broadcast on 9 June 2008. The character was introduced to the show following the decision to stop a storyline that saw Toadfish Rebecchi adopt a child from Indonesia. Baker began filming his first scenes in March. Callum has been portrayed as a tearaway, who creates chaos to be noticed. He is also smart, funny and cunning. Callum has received a mixed reaction from critics of the serial. Some praised him for his honesty, whilst others said he is too "brattish".
Creation and casting.
The character of Callum was introduced to "Neighbours" after producers decided to stop a storyline which saw Toadie (Ryan Moloney) try to adopt an Indonesian child illegally. In 2008, viewers saw Toadie trying to adopt an East Timorese orphan, after claiming that he had lived in Indonesia for 12 months. Producers decided to stop the storyline at the last minute and Toadie met Callum instead. Of the storyline Moloney said "I thought was just ridiculous. And it was just to spite Steph! I was like, 'What are we doing?'" Moloney said that having the character of Callum around is "really cool". 
Baker was cast in the role of Callum and he began filming his first scenes in March 2008. The actor was 10 years old when he joined the show. Baker's filming schedule meant that occasionally he could not attend school and he had to be tutored in a classroom at the Network Ten studios.
Development.
Characterisation.
Callum was initially a tearaway who stole from his neighbours and tried to stay home from school. The official "Neighbours" website said Callum is someone who creates chaos to be noticed. He is energetic, lively and a bit of larrikin, but under the surface he is just looking for someone to love him. The website described Callum as "smart, sharp, funny, cunning and clever." A writer for "Inside Soap" said Callum is a cheeky lad, who is more interested in pizza and comic books than his school work. Executive producer Susan Bower called Callum Toadie's "Mini Me." Both Toadie and Callum are fans of wrestling and their wrestling egos are called The Lawman and Babyface. In March 2009, professional wrestler Batista made a guest appearance in "Neighbours" and he filmed a few scenes alongside Toadie and Callum. Following a Rebecchi family tradition, Callum was given his own aquatic nickname – Squid.
In April 2013, Baker's co-star Eve Morey explained that Callum would start to rebel against his parents in future storylines and revealed her surprise at how well adjusted Callum is. She said "I can tell you it's starting. And it's actually really good, because we're doing a few storylines now, where he's starting to explore that darker side of being a teenager. And I think that's really good for him." Morey added that Callum had to grow up quickly and be "very emotionally mature", so she was not surprised that his pent up anger begins to appear.
High school and career plans.
In October 2009, Baker began shooting scenes of Callum's first week at high school. Callum finds it difficult to settle in at his new school and he finds himself "torn between his friends from Ramsay St and his new friends". Baker said "He has quite a hard time". Viewers have not seen Callum go to school before as there is not a primary school set at the Nunawading studios, where "Neighbours" is filmed. However, once the character joined Erinsborough High, he began to appear on the show more often and started interacting with other children his own age. 
In July 2010, Callum decides that he wants to become a stand up comic, but Toadie is not happy with Callum's plans. Callum watches some gross out comedies and they inspire him to take up Comedy as his future career. Of his character's career decision, Baker said "Callum is starting to grow up and thinks he'd be quite good at being a comic". Callum is determined to "get his own way" and he discovers an open mic event for new comic performers. He sneaks into the venue and gets onto the stage. Baker told "Inside Soap" that Callum "soon gets sprung" as Lucas Fitzgerald (Scott Major) and Michael Williams (Sandy Winton) are also at the event. For the storyline Australian comedian, Lehmo, filmed a guest role with the show, which saw Callum upstage him.
Mother.
In January 2011, it was revealed that Sonya Mitchell (Morey) is Callum's biological mother. Sonya's sister, Jade (Gemma Pranita) is shocked when she discovers that Sonya is keeping the truth from both Callum and Toadie. Morey said that since Sonya arrived, there has not been any indication that she is Callum's mother. Both Morey and Moloney thought that the storyline could be possible and Morey chose to research how other people had reacted to similar situations. Morey told the show's official website that Sonya entered Callum's life, not to get him back, but to see if he was okay. When "TV Week" asked how it is possible that Callum would not remember his mother, Morey explained "We did have to look at that, but he's never known much about his mother. His great-grandmother raised him and never gave him much information since she was so disappointed in Sonya, who had Callum at 16. I also think Callum's blocked out any image he had of her, who he hasn't seen for many years." Morey said Sonya had become addicted to alcohol and drugs, when she had Callum and she chose to leave him, so she could get herself cleaned up. 
Morey stated that Sonya did not feel like she deserved to be Callum's mother because she hated the person she used to be. She thinks that it is better if Callum knows her like she is now. Executive producer Susan Bower defended the storyline when she was asked why the writers had rewritten Sonya and Callum's history. She told "Inside Soap" that they worked with the character's established backgrounds and found reasons and motivations for Sonya to act the way she did. However, she added that the only discrepancy that could be pointed out was Callum's age. When Callum's great-grandmother dies, Sonya becomes concerned that her secret will be revealed because Callum wants to attend the funeral. However, Callum chooses not to attend the funeral as he wants to say goodbye to his great-grandmother privately. Callum later explains to Sonya that he wants to find his mother and tell her that he hates her. Morey revealed that the truth about Sonya was going to be exposed in April 2011. Callum steps up his investigation into the identity of his mother and he is injured in an accident and rushed to hospital, where he recalls a memory about his mother and realises that she is Sonya.
Relationships.
Rani Kapoor.
On 13 May 2012, Susan Hill of the "Daily Star" reported Callum would develop his first crush on his classmate, Rani Kapoor (Coco Cherian). Hill stated that Callum would be "heading for one of the most embarrassing times of his life" when Toadie and Sonya find out about it. Callum tells Toadie about his crush and he receives some "man-to-man" advice from him. However, Toadie then tells Sonya, who tries to help Callum by hiring Rani to work at her nursery alongside him. A show spokesperson told Hill "Callum's cringing and embarrassed and doesn't know how he's going to get through each day working with Rani. And Callum is not at all happy about Toadie spilling the beans." Callum continues to carry "a torch" for Rani and spends months trying to "pluck up courage" to tell her how he feels about her. However, he is heartbroken when he catches her kissing Harley Canning (Justin Holborow) and learns that they are dating. Cherian commented "Rani's a little bit blind to the fact that Callum likes her so much. She hasn't picked up on anything." Instead of giving up on Rani, Callum decides to turn himself into "a bit of a bad boy like Harley" to get her to notice him. Hill reported that Rani is not sure what has got into Callum and commented "Whether or not Callum's tactic works remains to be seen."
When Bailey Turner (Calen Mackenzie) moves into Ramsay Street, Callum immediately warns him off pursuing Rani. Mackenzie commented that while it was hard for Bailey to back off, as he really liked Rani, he did not want to break the code by stealing her away from Callum. Rani becomes torn between the two boys and eventually shares a kiss with Bailey while they are rehearsing for a school play. Callum is "devastated" when he finds out what happened and asks Rani to end her friendship with Bailey, which she does. Following his ultimatum, Callum "tries desperately" to ignore the tension between Rani and Bailey. However, it gets too much for him when he sees Rani and Bailey talking by the pool and he begins a fight with Bailey. Callum pushes Bailey, who hits his head, loses consciousness and falls into the pool. Rani manages to snap Callum into action and he jumps in and pulls Bailey out.
Imogen Willis and Josie Lamb.
In August 2013, Hill reported that Callum would develop "a huge crush" on his older neighbour Imogen Willis (Ariel Kaplan), but would likely get his heart broken again. Callum goes as far as to tell his parents that he has a girlfriend, even though Imogen is not aware of his feelings for her. However, things get bad for Callum when Bailey tells Imogen, as he worries about Callum getting hurt. A spokesperson stated "Imogen is due to attend a dinner where Callum will be present. He can't wait for the big night as he's planning to confess how he feels. But Imogen then decides she can't be at the dinner as she doesn't want to face Callum." Callum later befriended Josie Lamb (Madison Daniel). Josie developed her own crush on Callum, but when she learned that he liked Imogen, Josie decided to try and change herself to be more like Imogen. 
Josie began exercising hard to impress Callum and she later signed up for the local fun run. During the race, Josie goes to see Callum and Bailey at the drinks stand, but when they ignore her, she decides to keep running without getting herself a drink. A combination of dehydration, not eating and her vigorous exercise routine cause Josie to collapse and she is taken to hospital. Callum feels guilty and blames himself. He later realises that he does have feelings for Josie and asks her to the school dance. Daniel commented "Callum doesn't take much notice of Josie until she's in hospital, so she thinks he's only invited her to the dance out of pity." Daniel added that Josie would rather go to the dance with someone who wants to be with her, not someone who feels sorry for her. However, that is not the case and Callum tries to convince Josie that he genuinely likes her.
Storylines.
Callum was raised by his elderly great-grandparents from the age of six. Following the death of her husband, Callum's great-grandmother, Hilda (Maureen Edwards), became a cleaner for Stephanie Scully (Carla Bonner), who offers to introduce Callum to her friend Toadie, so he can have a male influence in his life. Toadie and Callum spend the day bonding over their mutual love of wrestling. When Toadie takes Callum home, they find Hilda has collapsed. While she is admitted to hospital, Toadie allows Callum to stay with him. Toadie leaves Callum with his neighbour Susan Kennedy (Jackie Woodburne), while he works. Callum takes Susan's phone during a walk in the park and he starts taking other items from the neighbours. He also tricks Toadie into letting him stay home from school. When Toadie finds the stolen items, Callum explains that he needs to sell them, so he can get some money and look after himself. Toadie explains that he will take care of Callum if anything happens to Hilda. Callum is accused of starting bushland fire, when Steph finds a lighter in his pocket. Jay Duncan (Charlie Clausen) suggests that Callum should take part in a Fire and Intervention Awareness program and he is deemed unlikely to commit arson. 
When Nicola West (Imogen Bailey) moves in, Callum takes a shine to her and he takes some pictures of her to school. His teacher Kelly Katsis (Katrina Milosevic) comes to talk to Toadie about his behaviour. After Nicola is arrested, Callum starts acting out at school. He smashes up Nicola's car and Toadie decides that he is better off staying with his great-aunt, Robyn (Patricia Pitney). When Robyn realises Callum is homesick, she asks Toadie to come and collect him. Callum is diagnosed with amblyopia and he has to wear an eye patch and glasses for a brief time. Callum has an argument with Toadie on the day they receive a visit from DHS worker, Roz Challis (Janet Watson Kruse). Callum leaves the house, but later returns and Roz tells Toadie that Callum can stay with him. Callum's friend, Mickey (Fletcher O'Leary), finds a bag of money and they try to keep it a secret. However, the police find out about it, as does Guy Sykes (Fletcher Humphrys). Guy holds Toadie and Callum hostage in their house overnight. Toadie eventually tackles Guy, who is arrested. Callum and Toadie's dog, Bob, becomes ill and has to be put down. Toadie then gets Callum Rocky, a Labrador puppy that needs to be trained as a guide dog. 
Sonya Mitchell comes to check on Rocky's progress and Callum encourages Toadie to ask her out. He befriends Sophie Ramsay (Kaiya Jones) and they start high school together. Callum is initially bullied by Dean Harman (Cameron Heine), but he later befriends him and his friends. When they start bullying Sophie, Callum decides to leave them. Callum accepts Toadie's renewed relationship with Steph, after she explains that she does not want to come between him and Toadie. Callum reacts angrily when he learns Toadie and Steph's relationship was just a cover to stop Steph's infidelity with her best friend's husband coming out. Lou Carpenter (Tom Oliver) tries to help and he gives Callum a job cleaning his used car yard. Callum teases Sophie when he realises she has a crush on Zeke Kinski (Matthew Werkmeister) and they fall out. Callum later apologises and they reconcile. Hilda dies and Callum states that he wants to find his mother. In a bid to trigger his memories, Callum returns to Hilda's house and then an old warehouse. He is crushed in an accident and ends up in hospital, where he wakes up and identifies Sonya as his mother. She confirms that it is true and Toadie tries to keep Callum away from her. 
After talking with Paul Robinson (Stefan Dennis), Callum goes to see Sonya and asks her questions about his past. Callum continues meeting Sonya in secret and he tries to make her promise not to relapse, but Sonya explains that she cannot do that. Callum meets his biological father, Troy Miller (Dieter Brummer), and gets on well with him. Toadie and Sonya get back together, which angers Troy. He punches Toadie and shouts at Callum, causing him to hate his father. Callum becomes obsessed with an online role-playing game called Dragon Prophecies. When he exceeds the monthly broadband usage allowance, Sonya and Toadie force him to get a job to help pay for an upgraded service. Following a stint as a paperboy, Sonya gives Callun a job in her garden nursery. Callum befriends Rani Kapoor and Sophie becomes jealous of their friendship. She tries to turn them against each other and Callum and Rani pretend to fancy each other to get their revenge. Sophie works out what it going on and she apologises to them. Callum realises he has a real crush on Rani. Troy returns and purchases Number 32. Wanting to be a part of Callum's life, he hires Rani's father to help him get custody. 
Callum tells Troy that he will spend time with him, but only if he drops the custody case and an intervention order against Toadie. When Callum learns Troy has only dropped the custody case, he confronts him in his house. Troy locks him in and tells him to hear him out. Sonya and her sister, Jade, manage to get Callum out of the house, but Troy holds them hostage instead. Troy later trips and sustains a serious head injury. When Troy wakes up, he goes to the school to get Callum. After a confrontation, Troy leaves and dies at the wheel of his car. Only Callum and Toadie attend his funeral. Upon learning Rani is dating Harley Canning, Callum tries to change his image to get her to notice him. Callum continues to compete with Harley for Rani's affections. Callum befriends Bailey Turner and quickly warns him off pursuing Rani. When Rani thanks Callum for his support, following her mother's death, Callum asks her out on a date. They soon begin dating and Rani casts Callum in her play. Callum is devastated when Rani admits to kissing Bailey. Callum and Bailey fight in the street and Callum destroys the set for Rani's play. Callum drops out of the play, but when Rani rewrites the ending to tell him how sorry she is, he changes his mind. 
Callum asks Rani to stop being friends with Bailey and she agrees. But when Callum finds Rani talking to Bailey, he becomes angry and fights with Bailey again. Bailey trips, hits his head and falls into the pool. Callum rescues Bailey and feels guilty at what has happened. Callum gives Rani and Bailey his blessing for them to date, but struggles to accept their relationship. Both Bailey and Callum are sad when Rani leaves Erinsborough. Callum develops a crush on Imogen Willis and hopes she will turn up to his 16th birthday party. However, Bailey admits that he told Imogen about Callum's crush and they briefly fall out. Callum soon befriends Josie Lamb, who he has more in common with. Callum is disappointed when Josie tells him that she can no longer hang out with him. He soon learns that her mother is a detective, who is in charge of an investigation, for which Toadie is the prime suspect. Callum suspects Josie only befriended him, so she could spy for her mother. Josie insists that is not the case and they eventually make up. Callum continues to harbour a crush on Imogen, which does not go unnoticed by Josie, who begins to change her image to match Imogen's. 
Sonya encourages Callum to talk to Josie and tell her that he likes her just the way she is. A couple of weeks later, Josie collapses during a fun run and is taken to hospital. When Callum learns that Josie has made herself ill trying to look like Imogen, he realises that he has treated Josie badly and asks her to the school dance. Josie turns him down, which hurts Callum, much to his surprise. Josie decides to go to the dance, but leaves when she sees Callum and Imogen dancing together. However, Callum catches up with her and they share their first kiss. Callum goes on a school trip to China for a few weeks. Callum falls out with Josie when she suggests there is an attraction between Jacob Holmes (Clayton Watson) and Sonya. Callum apologises and buys her a puppy, but she has to return it as she is allergic. Callum tries to keep the puppy, but Toadie tells him to sell it.
Reception.
For his portrayal of Callum, Baker was nominated for Best Newcomer at the 2009 Inside Soap Awards. Of Callum's most memorable moment, a Holy Soap writer said "After almost being killed by a falling tree in the bush, Callum came under suspicion for starting a devastating fire. Luckily, the real culprit was finally caught".
Ruth Deller of television website Lowculture praised the character of Callum, calling him a "decent addition to Ramsay Street". She added "For the first time, they've found a kid who's actually not too bad. He isn't as goody-goody or out and out brattish as most Erinsborough young, perhaps because he's not actually related to any of the neighbours". In July 2010, Deller again praised the character saying "Callum has since established himself as one of the best characters on Ramsay Street, who always sees things with a more realistic/honest/sarcastic perspective than his neighbours. The best storyline of the Aussie soap this year was when he teamed up with the best character on the Street, Paul Robinson, and Paul started teaching him about machiavelli. This, not silly storylines about dancing and shrugaleros, is what we want".
Callum has often been criticised by Jaci Stephen of the "Daily Mail". She perceived him to be a "brat" and an "awful child." When he became vengeful during the PirateNet radio storyline, she said he acted more "brattish" than usual and said she did not think that was possible. Stephen has also been critical of Callum's onscreen eating habits. She has often remarked that Callum and Toadie always seem to be eating Pizza and have an unhealthy lifestyle. She has jibed that she could never imagine them joining Weight Watchers. Stephen has made storyline suggestions for Callum in which she would like to see him being kidnapped or slip into a coma. Stephen did not understand why Sonya was unhappy at the prospect of breaking up with Toadie and she quipped "I would have thought that anything that meant you didn't have to spend another minute with that awful kid Callum would lead to Champagne-popping time."

</doc>
<doc id="18396274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396274" title="Tickets for a Prayer Wheel">
Tickets for a Prayer Wheel

Tickets for a Prayer Wheel is an EP by the alternative rock band Sixpence None the Richer. The EP is composed of two versions of the song "Within a Room Somewhere," six previously unreleased tracks that include two instrumentals, and the dance mix (with an intro) of the song "Love, Salvation, the Fear of Death." Both "Within" and "Love..." previously appeared in different versions on the album "This Beautiful Mess".

</doc>
<doc id="18396288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396288" title="Saudi Business Machines">
Saudi Business Machines

SBM History.
IBM’s history in Saudi Arabia goes back to 1947, when a group of IBM specialists arrived in Dhahran to install the first information-handling system for the Arabian American Oil Company (ARAMCO). With the rapid economic development in the Kingdom, Saudi Business Machines Ltd. (SBM) was established in 1981 as the General Marketing and Services Representative (GMSR) of IBM World Trade Corporation in Saudi Arabia.
SBM has a workforce of more than 600 employees operating throughout the Kingdom from its headquarters in Jeddah and branch offices in Riyadh, Al Khobar and Jubail.
SBM Profile.
Saudi Business Machines Ltd. (SBM) is the General Marketing and Services Representative of IBM World Trade Corporation in Saudi Arabia – the Kingdom’s leading provider of end-to-end enterprise information technology solutions, based on the complete range of IBM hardware and software products.
SBM specializes in systems integration, consultation and implementation services. SBM also provides tailored maintenance and services support for IBM and non-IBM products.

</doc>
<doc id="18396291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396291" title="Interstate 74 in Indiana">
Interstate 74 in Indiana

In the U.S. state of Indiana, Interstate 74 traverses central parts of the state from west to east. It connects Champaign in Illinois with Indianapolis in the center of the state, and Indianapolis with Cincinnati in Ohio. Interstate 74 covers 171.54 mi in the state of Indiana.
Route description.
The Indiana portion of Interstate 74 begins on the Illinois border near Danville, Illinois and travels due east. Shortly into Indiana, the interstate crosses the Wabash River near Covington. I-74 continues east where it passes over US 136 and intersects US 41 at Veedersburg about 15 miles east of the Illinois border. 19 miles later, the interstate intersects US 231 providing access to Crawfordsville to the south. I-74 runs nearly parallel to US 136 from the Illinois border until US 136 terminates at Interstate 465.
Once I-74 reaches Indianapolis it continues south, overlapping I-465. I-74 runs concurrent with I-465 on I-465's western and southern segments. It also overlaps with US 31, US 36, US 40, US 52, and several state highways, for varying lengths of its route around Indianapolis. I-74 also crosses the White River and passes by the Indianapolis International Airport on the southwest side of Indianapolis. Once I-74 reaches the southeast side of Indianapolis it diverges from I-465 and continues to the southeast. At this intersection, I-74 picks up US 421 from where it will run concurrent.
Outside of the Indianapolis area, I-74 continues southeast and runs past Shelbyville. Near the halfway point between Indianapolis and the Ohio border, I-74 runs through Greensburg. US-421 diverges and runs south through Greensburg. Continuing on east, I-74 runs parallel to State Route 46. Just west of the Ohio border, I-74 crosses the Whitewater River. It also intersects with and begins to overlap with US 52. The two then continue and cross into Ohio at Harrison.

</doc>
<doc id="18396293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396293" title="Interstate 74 in Ohio">
Interstate 74 in Ohio

In the state of Ohio, Interstate 74 runs southeast from the Indiana border to the western segment's current eastern terminus at Interstate 75 just north of downtown Cincinnati. It is also signed with U.S. Route 52 for its entire length. Interstate 74 covers 19.47 mi in the state of Ohio.
Route description.
The Ohio portion of Interstate 74 begins on the Indiana border near Harrison, Ohio and travels due east. Shortly into Ohio, the interstate intersects with Interstate 275 and overlaps with I-275 for approximately 4 miles. The interstate continues for approximately 10 more miles before reaching its eastern terminus at the intersection with Interstate 75.
Construction.
Long term plans call for Interstate 74 to be continued through Ohio and into West Virginia, concurrent with Interstate 73. Due to funding concerns, there are no concrete plans for this to occur.
See also.
List of unused highways in Ohio

</doc>
<doc id="18396295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396295" title="Ford viscosity cup">
Ford viscosity cup

The Ford viscosity cup is a simple gravity device that permits the timed flow of a known volume of liquid passing through an orifice located at the bottom. Under ideal conditions, this rate of flow would be proportional to the kinematic viscosity (expressed in stokes and centistokes) that is dependent upon the specific gravity of the draining liquid. However, the conditions in a simple flow cup are seldom ideal for making true measurements of viscosity. It is important when using a Ford Cup and when retesting liquids that the temperature of the cup and the liquid is maintained, as ambient temperature makes a significant difference to viscosity and thus flow rate.
The original Ford Cup was based on Imperial (US) measurement of the aperture.
Many other types of flow cups are being used. Depending on the type of industry or region.
Din Cup 4 mm., standard DIN 53211 (cancelled)
ISO Cup 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 8 mm. standard ISO 2431
AFNOR Cup 2,5, 4, 6, 8 mm. standard NF T30-014
ASTM Cup 1,2,3,4,5 standard ASTM D1200

</doc>
<doc id="18396299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396299" title="The Miracle Ultraviolence Connection">
The Miracle Ultraviolence Connection

The Miracle Ultraviolence Connection is an American professional wrestling stable consisting of Cheech, Cloudy, and Brodie Lee. The team has gone by several names and are known for their work in Combat Zone Wrestling, Ring of Honor, Chikara and other independent promotions.

</doc>
<doc id="18396306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396306" title="William MacDonald (Christian author)">
William MacDonald (Christian author)

William MacDonald (January 7, 1917 – December 25, 2007) was President of Emmaus Bible College, teacher, Plymouth Brethren theologian and a prolific author of over 84 published books.
MacDonald refused to accept royalties for his books but established a fund for translating his work "Believers Bible Commentary" into foreign languages.
Biography.
Early life and education.
William (Bill) MacDonald was born on January 7, 1917 in Leominster, Massachusetts. 
In, 1922, in the Western Hebrides, William was dying of diphtheria. A mucous membrane was forming across his throat,and breathing was becoming increasingly difficult. His Christian mother turned her back so she would not see William take his last breath. At that very moment there was a knock at the door. It was her brother-in-law from an adjoining village. He said, "I've just come to tell you that you don't have to worry about William. He is going to recover, and one day God is going to save his soul." Mom was distracted and incredulous: "Whatever makes you say that?". Then he explained he had been sitting at his fire reading Psalm 91 when God distinctly spoke to him through the last three verses. God saved William soul thirteen years after. <Believer's Bible Commentary by William MacDonald, page 689>
When he was six years old, his family moved to Stornoway, Scotland, later moving back to Massachusetts. He received a Bachelor of Arts degree from Tufts College in 1938 and an MBA from Harvard Business School in 1940.
Career.
After graduation, he was employed as an investment analyst at the First National Bank of Boston (now known as BankBoston) until 1942. During 1942, MacDonald enlisted in the Navy, where he served until 1946. He then served on the faculty of Emmaus Bible School until 1965, becoming President in 1959. He contributed greatly to the Emmaus Correspondence School through his writings.
President of Emmaus Bible College (1959-1965).
While President of Emmaus Bible College, MacDonald made lasting contributions. Among his accomplishments are numbered:
Post-Presidency Career.
After 1965, he led a Bible teaching ministry in the USA, Europe and Asia until 1972. In 1973 he served on the faculty of the Discipleship Intern Training Program, based in San Leandro, California, until 1996. After 1996, MacDonald moved back to the Bible-teaching ministry, until his death on December 25, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18396310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396310" title="Adam Taub">
Adam Taub

Adam Taub is a documentary film director from Colorado whose films include "La Quinceañera", "Don Angelo", and "El Duque de la Bachata". His film "La Quinceañera" won the 2007 award for Best Documentary at the Angelus Student Film Festival in Hollywood, California and Best Documentary at the San Diego Latino Film Festival. He is currently working on a film project entitled "El Duque de la Bachata" with Joan Soriano, a bachata and merengue musician from the Dominican Republic.
Film career.
"Don Angelo" (2006) - The story of Angelo Chavez, a retired U.S. naval officer who spends his retirement years driving to Tijuana, Mexico to help those in need.
"La Quinceañera" (2007) - Exploring issues of family, faith, and coming of age, "La Quinceañera" is a portrait of a Mexican family's love and devotion to each other.
"El Duque de la Bachata" (In production) - This documentary follows Dominican bachata and merengue musician Joan Soriano as he works to accomplish his dream of a hit song and fame as an artist.

</doc>
<doc id="18396311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396311" title="Locust Grove, Virginia">
Locust Grove, Virginia

Locust Grove is the name of some places in Virginia:

</doc>
<doc id="18396326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396326" title="Gunpowder Falls State Park">
Gunpowder Falls State Park

Gunpowder Falls State Park is an Maryland state park comprising several non-contiguous recreational areas in northeastern Baltimore County and western Harford County. It is primarily made up of the stream valleys of the Big and Little Gunpowder Falls and the Gunpowder River. The park has over 100 miles of trails with natural features ranging from tidal marshes to rugged interior slopes. Park areas can be found off various exits from I-83, I-695, and I-95. 
Activities and amenities.
The park's wide ranging terrains provide facilities for picnicking, hiking, biking, horseback riding, cross-country skiing, tubing, canoeing and kayaking, tide-water fishing and crabbing, fly fishing and hunting among other activities.

</doc>
<doc id="18396330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396330" title="Jonny Ross">
Jonny Ross

Jonathan Ross is a Northern Irish bowler who was born in Lisburn.
He now represents Scotland after moving there.
He was part of the winning Irish Fours team in the 2004 World Bowls Championships held in Ayr, Scotland and won the British Isles Singles titles in 2001 and 2002 and was the first Irish player to win the Scottish outdoors singles title.

</doc>
<doc id="18396340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396340" title="Pastor Coronel">
Pastor Coronel

Pastor Milciades Coronel (9 August 1919 – 19 September 2000) was the chief of the Investigations Department during General Alfredo Stroessner's dictatorship of Paraguay. He is considered by human rights activists, like Martín Almada, to be the most feared torturer of the dictatorship. The discovery of the "Archives of Terror" showed that he was the perpetrator of several human rights violations.
Youth and beginnings.
Born on 9 August 1919, Pastor Coronel was working in the Education and Culture Ministry when he was called by Alfredo Stroessner to reorganize the Investigations Department and turn it into the core of the politic security of the regime. Under his command, this police station would become the most feared interrogation center. The "Terror Archives" would show, later on, that most of the torturing, the executing, during the dictatorship, took place in that building.
Director of Investigations Department.
The modernization of the repressive structure of the regime was based on a new system of archiving information and intelligence data, and the subdivision of specialized chores in areas like unions, student centers, borders and political movements. The most important division of all was the division of "Politic and Others" that, since the early 1970's, was under the command of the officer Alberto Buenaventura Cantero. According to torture victims and political prisoners at the time, all of the authors of the human rights violations perpetrated during the dictatorship were officers from that Department. 
Pastor Coronel was also in charge of the Identification Department. That department was responsible for conceding personal documents to the public. This gave him a lot of power and allowed him to expand the institution’s income.
Political career.
Once he gained a considerable amount of money and also a considerable amount of power and influences, he entered the political arena of the Colorado Party. He did it with the support of the "Milicians", a group of his supporters that were from San Estanislao, the city where Pastor Coronel was born. He used to give away little machetes among them, and on special days, he called them the "Macheteros of Santaní".
The murder of Somoza.
During his administration in the Identification Department, the Nicaraguan dictator Anastasio Somoza Debayle came to Paraguay, avoiding the justice in his country and exiling in Paraguay. Even though Pastor Coronel constantly talked about the complete security in the country, he could not stop the assassination of Somoza by Argentine guerrillas with a bazooka in the middle of the Avenida España, in Asunción on 17 September 1980.
Fall of the regime.
The Terror Archives showed indisputably the deceit of the government, when authorities affirmed that they did not know the whereabouts of all the missing activist and prisoners of the time. Those documents were the juridical foundation that led the trial and the later condemnation of many police torturers, including Pastor Coronel, a millionaire who possessed a lot of power and influence, but was also one of the most hated people in the Stroessner regime.
He was imprisoned a short time after the coup d’état led by General Andrés Rodríguez on 3 February 1989. He would die in jail, without ever regaining his freedom following his imprisonment. He was condemned to twenty five years in jail, for his responsibility and personal involvement on several tortures and murders of political prisoners. Plagued by morbid obesity that caused many metabolic and cardiovascular complications, he died 19 September 2000, still a symbol of the political repression that had characterized Alfredo Stroessner's dictatorship.

</doc>
<doc id="18396353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396353" title="Clonezilla">
Clonezilla

Clonezilla is a free disaster recovery, disk cloning, disk imaging, and deployment computer program. Clonezilla is designed by Steven Shiau and developed by the NCHC Free Software Labs in Taiwan. Clonezilla SE provides multicast support similar to Norton Ghost Corporate Edition.
Clonezilla Live.
'Clonezilla Live' enables a user to clone a single computer's storage media, or a single partition on the media, to a separate medium device. The cloned data can be saved as an image-file or as a duplicated copy of the data. The data can be saved to locally attached storage device, an SSH server, a Samba Server, or an NFS file-share. The clone file can then be used to restore the original when needed.
The Clonezilla application can be run from a USB flash drive or a DVD-ROM. Clonezilla requires no modification to the computer; the software runs in its own booted environment.
Clonezilla Server.
Clonezilla Server is used to clone many computers simultaneously across a network. This is done using a DRBL server and computer workstations that can boot from a network.

</doc>
<doc id="18396355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396355" title="P9RC">
P9RC

The P9RC is a semi-automatic pistol designed by József Kameniczky and manufactured by the FÉGARMY Arms Factory of Hungary. It was selected as the new service pistol of the Hungarian military and police, replacing the PA-63 after the fall of the Soviet Union.
History.
After the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1990, the Hungarian military sought to replace its FÉG PA-63 sidearms in the Soviet 9x18mm Makarov cartridge with a handgun in the more powerful 9x19mm Parabellum. Originally the Israeli Baby Eagle/Jericho 941 was used until a domestically produced weapon could be chosen. In 1996 the P9RC was selected as the new standard issue sidearm for both the Hungarian military and police forces, and saw service until 2000 when the H&K USP began replacing it. As of 2010 many P9RCs are still in service, for military and police fundings did not allow complete replacement.
Design and features.
The P9RC's roots come from FÉG's early copies of the Browning Hi-Power like the FP9, but it has a number of safety improvements. Additions included double action lock work, a drop-hammer safety, and interruption of the firing pin while the safety is engaged.

</doc>
<doc id="18396357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396357" title="Warner Norton Grubb">
Warner Norton Grubb

Warner Norton Grubb (1900–1947) was an international petroleum executive who served as a senior petroleum distribution officer with the U.S. Navy during World War II. He was assigned as Head of the Latin American section of the Army-Navy Petroleum Board, Tanker Control Officer for the European Theater, and finally as Executive Officer of the Allied Tanker Board. At the end of the conflict, he was promoted to Commodore and awarded the Legion of Merit.
Biography.
W. Norton Grubb was born in Philadelphia and was the son of Edith (Norton) and Warner Grubb, a forman for the Fells Soap company. After graduation from South Philadelphia High School in 1917, Norton served briefly as a seaman in the Navy Reserves during World War I before majoring in chemistry at Penn State. In 1920, Grubb was an alternate on the U.S. rowing team at the Antwerp Olympics. The next year, he joined the Atlantic Refining Company in Philadelphia and by 1929 was promoted to Director, Atlantic Refining of Africa. In 1931, Norton was transferred to Sydney, Australia. Two years later, he was hired by ESSO as President of the West Indies Oil Company in Latin America and later promoted as a Director in London. Norton was finally transferred back to ESSO Manhattan headquarters in 1939.
In 1941, Grubb represented the company in negotiations with the British Government in London from February through June. Upon his return to the United States, he was interviewed by the "New York Times" concerning Great Britain's oil supplies. In October 1942, he was commissioned as a Navy lieutenant commander and assigned to Washington, D.C. as Head of the Latin American section of the Army-Navy Petroleum Board. At the end of December 1943, he was reassigned as Tanker Control Officer for the European Theater in London. Promoted to captain in May 1944, Grubb was transferred back to Washington in December as Executive Officer of the Allied Tanker Board until September 1945.
Legion of Merit citation.
"For exceptionally meritorious conduct in the performance of outstanding services to the Government of the United States while serving as Head of the Latin American section of the Army-Navy Petroleum Board, as Tanker Control Officer with the Commander of Naval Forces in Europe and as Navy member of the Petroleum Section of the Staff of the Supreme Commander of the Allied Expeditionary Force from November 6, 1942, to December 27, 1944. An astute administrator, Commodore (then Commander) Grubb organized and maintained efficient petroleum supply operations for Latin America and for naval forces in the European theater and, in addition, was instrumental in perfecting tanker communications security measures which virtually eliminated the possibility of leakage to enemy agents. By his initiative and forceful direction of his command, Commodore Grubb contributed materially to the successful prosecution of the war.
For the President,
James Forrestal, Secretary of the Navy"
Personal life.
In 1921, Norton Grubb married Edith Rosemary Class (1900–1981) of Darby, Pennsylvania. They had two children: Warner Norton Grubb Jr. and George Craig Grubb. After the war, Commodore Grubb returned to ESSO in Manhattan where he was responsible for Northern European operations. In December 1946, he was diagnosed with Hodgkin's lymphoma and died at age 46. He is buried in Arlington National Cemetery. His grandson is Dr. Warner Norton Grubb III, an education economist and David Gardner chair of higher education at Berkeley. The family is descended from John Grubb, who came from Cornwall in 1677 and settled in Delaware. 

</doc>
<doc id="18396366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396366" title="Wang Zhenpeng (painter)">
Wang Zhenpeng (painter)

Wang Zhenpeng (); was a Chinese landscape painter who worked in the imperial court during the Yuan Dynasty (1271–1368). His specific dates of birth and death are not known, though he was active 1280-1329.
Wang was born in Yongjia in the Zhejiang province. His style name was 'Pengmei' (朋梅) and his pseudonym was 'Guyun chushi' (孤云处士). Wang's painting of landscapes and follow in the style of Li Gongling in their ease and grace of appearance. His architecture drawings were mostly uncolored, in a fineline style known as 'jiehua' (界画).

</doc>
<doc id="18396374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396374" title="Yantacaw Brook Park, New Jersey">
Yantacaw Brook Park, New Jersey

Yantacaw Brook Park is a town operated park located in Montclair, New Jersey, United States. The park takes up of land. It has a small pond and the stream that feeds it and is surrounded by trees and small sloped hills with benches, with paths going through. The stream that empties into the pond and then continues at the other end of the pond is called the Yantacaw Brook. The Brook then continues into Third River in Bloomfield, New Jersey and then into Belleville, New Jersey and Nutley, New Jersey, where it enters the Passaic River. Yantacaw Brook Park should not be confused with Nutley's larger Yanticaw Park through which the same water body flows. Both the Yantacaw brook and the Third River were referred to by the lenni-Lenape people as "Yantokah" or "Yantacaw".
Location.
Yantacaw Brook park is located in a residential area of Montclair, New Jersey and in the neighborhood of Upper Montclair. The park is in the northeastern part of the town. The park is located one block away from the Archery Field at Brookdale Park, borders the Northeast Elementary School, and a fifteen-minute walk from the Upper Montclair commercial area.
Overview.
The southern part of the park is centered around the small pond. Around the pond is a small cement path that goes around the edges of the pond and then splits off to the different entrances, which are usually the end of a small dead end street. The north side is where Yantacaw Brook empties into the pond and on the opposite side is where the small dam is which lets some water continue flowing along the Yantacaw Brook.
The north of the park is a forest with the Yantacaw Brook running through it. it is long and narrow, following the brook. Small bridges and an asphalt footpath are the only things there.

</doc>
<doc id="18396382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396382" title="Hear My Music">
Hear My Music

Hear My Music is a posthumous compilation album by Jimi Hendrix, released on November 30, 2004 by Dagger Records. The album contains instrumental studio jams and demos recorded in early 1969.
Track listing.
All songs were written by Jimi Hendrix, except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="18396402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396402" title="HIBT">
HIBT

HIBT is the on-campus pathway provider of the University of Hertfordshire (UH), based at its College Lane Campus, Hatfield. HIBT provides pre-university pathway programmes which are taught in conjunction with the University of Hertfordshire and HIBT graduates are guaranteed entry to a range of University of Hertfordshire degree courses.
HIBT is accredited by the British Accreditation Council (BAC), an independent body. HIBT conducts University Pathway Programmes on behalf of Navitas UK, a subsidiary of Navitas. HIBT Ltd operates under a formal agreement with the University of Hertfordshire and its courses are mainly delivered by lecturers and PhD students from the partner schools at the University of Hertfordshire.
Pre Masters programme in Business.
HIBT has recently launched a new Pre Masters programme in Business, commencing from September 2008. This will allow Diploma graduates to join a University of Hertfordshire Masters programme in a multitude of Business related subjects, including MBA (subject to work experience), MSc International Business, MSc Management, MA Marketing, Human Resource Management etc.
HIBT holds a sponsor licence for both Tier 4 and Tier 2 Visas under the Points Based System of the United Kingdom Border Agency.
Extra-curricular activity.
The major sports at the College are currently football and cricket. The College operates a film society and a debating society.

</doc>
<doc id="18396404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396404" title="Allen Shop Corner, Virginia">
Allen Shop Corner, Virginia

Allen Shop Corner is an unincorporated community in King and Queen County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18396406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396406" title="Sheikh Ahmad-e Jami">
Sheikh Ahmad-e Jami

Ahmad Ibn Abolhasan Jāmi-e Nāmaghi-e Torshizi () (born Namagh (now Kashmar), Persia, 1048 - died Torbat-e Jam, 1141) better known as Sheikh Ahhmad-e Jami or Sheikh Ahmad-i Jami or Sheikh Ahmad-e jam or Sheikh-e Jam or simply Ahmad-e Jam was a Persian Sufi, Sufi writer, mystic and poet . His "mazar" (tomb) is located in Torbat-e Jam.
His life.
He was born in 1048 (441 A.H.) in Namagh (now Kashmar) near Torshiz in Khorasan, and counted Jarir Ibn Abdullah, a companion (Sahaba) of Mohammad as one of his ancestors. His parents made their living by farming. Ahmad was tall of stature, strong and courageous; this and a reputation for gruffness led to sources referring to him as "the Colossal Elephant" (Zhandeh Pil). Medieval accounts describe him as having red hair, a wine-colored beard and dark-blue eyes. 
Until the age of twenty-two (circa 1070 CE / 463 AH), Ahmad would attend drinking parties with a circle of profligate friends. Ahmad experienced a conversion to the religious life one night after witnessing the miraculous transformation of wine into grape juice. Colossal Elephant and his Spiritual Feats, Story 1, Story 74. After this Ahmad withdrew from his circle of friends. He took up the life of a hermit and lived in seclusion for eighteen years, on the mountain of Nâmaq until about 1082 (475 A.H.), and then on the mountain of Bizd for the next six years until circa 1088 (481 A.H.). Colossal Elephant, Stories 9, 10 and 13. At the age of forty he returned to society to guide the people and make wine-drinkers and sinners to repent. The earliest source about him, The Spiritual Feats of Sadid al-Din Muhammad al-Ghaznavi, gives him the honorific title “Shaykh al-Islam.” According to Ghaznavi’s Spiritual Feats, Ahmad-e Jâm was not at first appreciated by the people, but after several miraculous healings, his reputation spread and he attracted some followers (see Stories 13-15). 
Ahmad settled down in Ma‘d-âbâd and began training disciples and composing books and propagating his ideas. He also built a Friday mosque and a khâneqâh, or Sufi lodge. From his home in Ma‘d-âbâd, he made many trips throughout Khorasan, including visits to the major cities of Herât, Nayshabur, and Marv, and to Bâkharz and Bastâm. He evidently won many converts from the villages outlying Jâm. Shaykh Ahmad’s activity therefore stretched across a territory that triangulates the modern borders of eastern Iran, northern Afghanistan and southern Turkmenistan. Elephant, introduction.
Poetry.
Although his main field was writing Books, he also composed great poems during his life.
A sample of his poetry is:
چون تیشه مباش و جمله زی خود متراش
تعلــیم ز اره گیر در امــر معاش
Don't be like axe and don't offend anyone
Don't be useless like a plane
Just be like a saw in your life
Do something for yourself and something for others
His Works.
Although the title of his books are in Arabic, all of them are written in Persian. They are about shariah and theology, with some of his most important books being:
His Death.
After his death in 1141 the people of Ma'dabad () (now Torbat-e Jam) buried him in the gate of the city and made a tomb for him in order that the people could come and use the mystical powers of the Sheikh after his death.
Impact.
He had a great influence on Jami, who chose his penname according to Sheikh Ahmad Jami's name (which is Jami).

</doc>
<doc id="18396407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396407" title="Misan Haldin">
Misan Haldin

Misan Haldin (born 7 July 1982 in Berlin as "Eyinmisan Edward Ogharanemeye Nikagbatse") is a German basketball player who currently is a free agent. He has played for clubs in Germany, Greece and Italy so far.
Career.
Nikagbatse started his professional career at TuS Lichterfelde Berlin, then a farm team of ALBA Berlin. At the 2000 international Albert Schweitzer Youth Tournament, he was the best scorer overall. Nikagbatse signed a contract with ALBA, but did not play for them as he wanted to play for a top club on a European level. After nearly one year without playing in any official game, he signed with Olympiacos Piraeus. After playing for the Italian club Snaidero Udine for half a year, Nikagbatse returned to Germany to play for Mitteldeutscher BC, with which he won the EuroCup Challenge. He was automatically eligible for the 2004 NBA Draft, but went undrafted. Nikagbatse then moved to Italy again, playing for Sedima Roseto and Vertical Vision Cantù in the first division. At the beginning of 2006, he signed for second division club Premiata Montegranaro, with which he got promoted to the first division. Nikagbatse returned to Germany, but was waived by the Köln 99ers in March 2008 after testing positive on THC, although he was not officially suspended as he did not play during that time due to an injury. Another spell in Italy followed, this time playing for Pallacanestro Varese and winning the Legadue championship. He returned to professional sports in 2011, when he was acquired by the LTi Gießen 46ers. However, he was again waived during the season.
International career.
Nikagbatse won the bronze medal as a member of the German squad at the 2002 FIBA world championship, dunking over Yao Ming during the competition. He also took part in the EuroBasket 2005, winning the silver madal. The national team's coach Dirk Bauermann cut his name off the roster for the 2008 Olympics qualification after the drug abuse incident
Personal life.
His mother is Finnish while his father is Nigerian, and his sister Roli-Ann is a member of the German women's national team. In 2012, they adopted their mother's name, Haldin.

</doc>
<doc id="18396408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396408" title="Glass Pavilion">
Glass Pavilion

http://www.presidentsmedals.com/Entry-12540
The Glass Pavilion, built in 1914 and designed by Bruno Taut, was a prismatic glass dome structure at the Cologne Deutscher Werkbund Exhibition. The structure was a brightly colored landmark of the exhibition, and was constructed using concrete and glass. The concrete structure had inlaid colored glass plates on the facade that acted as mirrors. Taut described his "little temple of beauty" as 
Taut's Glass Pavilion is his best known single building achievement. He built it for the association of the German glass industry specifically for the 1914 exhibition. They financed the structure that was considered a "house of art". The purpose of the building was to demonstrate the potential of different types of glass for architecture. It also indicated how the material might be used to orchestrate human emotions and assist in the construction of a spiritual utopia. The structure was made at the time when expressionism was most fashionable in Germany, and it is sometimes referred to as an expressionist-style building. The only known photographs of the building were made during 1914; due to their black and white nature, these photographs are only marginal representations of the actualities of the work. The building was destroyed soon after the exhibition since it was an exhibition building only and not built for practical use.
The Glass Pavilion was a pineapple-shaped multi-faceted polygonal designed rhombic structure. It had a fourteen-sided base constructed of thick glass bricks used for the exterior walls devoid of rectangles.Each part of the cupola was designed to recall the complex geometry of nature. The Pavilion structure was on a concrete plinth, the entrance reached by two flights of steps (one on either side of the building), which gave the pavilion a temple-like quality. Taut's Glass Pavilion was the first building of glass bricks of importance.
There were glass-treaded metal staircases inside that led to the upper projection room that showed a kaleidoscope of colors. Between the staircases was a seven-tiered cascading waterfall with underwater lighting, this created a sensation of descending to the lower level 'as if through sparkling water'. The interior had prisms producing colored rays from the outside sunlight. The floor-to-ceiling colored glass walls were mosaic. All this had the effect of a large crystal producing a large variety of colors.
The frieze of the Glass Pavilion was written with aphoristic poems of glass done by the anarcho-socialist writer Paul Scheerbart. Scheerbart's ideas also inspired the ritualistic composition of the interior. For Scheerbart, bringing in the moon's and the stars' light brought in different positive feelings which led to a whole new culture. 
Examples of these were
Paul Scheerbart in 1914 published a book called "Glasarchitektur" ("Architecture in glass") and dedicated it to Taut. Taut in 1914 founded a magazine called "Frühlicht" ("Dawn's Light") for his Expressionist devotees. It emphasized the iconography of glass which is also represented by his Glass Pavilion. This philosophy can be traced back to accounts of Solomon's Temple. An early drawing of the Glass Pavilion by Taut says he made it in the spirit of a Gothic cathedral.

</doc>
<doc id="18396414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396414" title="Gabriel J. Chin">
Gabriel J. Chin

Gabriel Jack Chin is an author, legal scholar, and Professor at the University of California, Davis School of Law.
He teaches a variety of courses, including Criminal Law, Immigration, Criminal Appellate Advocacy, and Race and Law.
In the news.
Chin has been quoted in a number of newspapers. He has been quoted in the New York Times and The Huffington Post on the Trayvon Martin case, and wrote an op-ed about the topic for CNN. 
In 2010, he commented for The New York Times, and The Washington Post on Arizona's SB1070 statute. 
His 2008 legal analysis, which focused on a 1937 law and the language of the Fourteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution, concluded that U.S. Senator John McCain is not eligible to be elected President of the United States. Chin's 2011 legal analysis entitled "Who's really eligible to be president?" concluded, after reviewing the Fourteenth Amendment and the applicable common law as interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States, that President Barack Obama is a natural born citizen given that Obama was a citizen "by birth" under the Fourteenth Amendment.
Biography.
In 1985 he received a BA from Wesleyan University. In 1988 he received a J.D. from University of Michigan Law School. In 1995 he received a LL.M. from Yale Law School, and was an Editor of the Yale Law & Policy Review. He is an elected member of the American Law Institute. Before becoming a law professor, "clerked for U.S. District Judge Richard P. Matsch in Denver and practiced with Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom and The Legal Aid Society of New York."
He was named in the "Most Cited Law Professors By Specialty, 2000-2007", and in the "50 Most Cited Law Professors Who Entered Teaching Since 1992", surveys by University of Chicago professor Brian Leiter. Professor Chin appeared on the October 16, 2006 episode of The Daily Show with Jon Stewart on a segment titled "Hawk the Vote" discussing the legality of the Arizona Voter Rewards Initiative", a proposal to offer financial incentives for voting. He also criticized the proposal on Marketplace on November 2, 2006. In 2002, he appeared on NPR's Morning Edition discussing his efforts, in conjunction with law students, to repeal racist Jim Crow laws still on the books. He was named one of the "25 Most Notable Asians in America" by A Magazine for his work in this area.
Books.
Chin has edited and contributed to a number of books, including:
Other works.
Chin is the author or co-author of many legal papers, including:

</doc>
<doc id="18396417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396417" title="Square 54 Redevelopment">
Square 54 Redevelopment

Square 54 Redevelopment is a complex of high-rise buildings located on the main campus of The George Washington University (GW) in Washington, D.C., United States. The new GW complex is mixed-use, with residential and office buildings and ground-level retail space along Eye Street to serve the campus and neighborhood. The complex will be completed with three buildings, "Square 54 Residential I", "Square 54 Residential II", and "Square 54 Office". Square 54 Residential I is expected to rise , featuring 14 floors. Square 54 Residential II is expected to rise , featuring 12 floors. Finally, "Square 54 Office", is expected to rise , featuring 11 floors. Construction of every building will be completed in 2011. Each building will be designed by the architect, Pelli Clarke Pelli Architects and Hickok Cole Architects. The complex will replace the former George Washington University Hospital building, which was razed to make way for the construction of the Square 54 Complex.

</doc>
<doc id="18396418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396418" title="Pell Wall Hall">
Pell Wall Hall

Pell Wall Hall is a neo-classical country house on the outskirts of Market Drayton in Shropshire. Faced in Grinshill sandstone, Pell Wall is the last completed domestic house designed by Sir John Soane and was constructed 1822–1828 for local iron merchant Purney Sillitoe at a total cost of £20,976. 
After Sillitoe's death, Pell Wall was inherited by Marten Harcourt Griffin who between 1872 and 1875 added the south wing and had the all the interiors remodelled. Financial problems caused Pell Wall to be let from 1891 until 1901 when it was purchased by a brewer from Liverpool named James Munroe Walker who occupied the house until 1917. It was used for its original purpose until 1928 when it was acquired by the Brothers of Christian Instruction, initially as a theological college and latterly as a boys' boarding school. The building was abandoned in 1962 and left to deteriorate until May 1986 when it was gutted by a fire which burnt for three days.
Ownership of Pell Wall passed to the local authority in 1988 under a compulsory purchase order; it was subsequently sold to the Pell Wall Preservation Trust for £1. Over the next ten years later Victorian and Edwardian additions were completely removed and the shell of the John Soane original was restored using a one million pound grant from English Heritage and a loan from the Architectural Heritage Fund. The house is still in a shell state comprising five ground-floor rooms, six first-floor rooms, six second-floor rooms and a large cellar. In November 2009 Pell Wall Hall and its four acre grounds was put up for sale and was subsequently purchased for £580,000 by a private buyer who has stated his intention to "reinstate this country residence in empathy with Sir John Soane’s original drawings.”

</doc>
<doc id="18396420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396420" title="Belleview, Virginia">
Belleview, Virginia

Belleview is an unincorporated community in King and Queen County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18396425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396425" title="Beulahland, Virginia">
Beulahland, Virginia

Beulahland is an unincorporated community in King and Queen County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18396427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396427" title="Beverly, King and Queen County, Virginia">
Beverly, King and Queen County, Virginia

Beverly is an unincorporated community in King and Queen County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18396442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396442" title="Duffields Depot">
Duffields Depot

Duffields Depot is a former Baltimore and Ohio Railroad station on the National Register of Historic Places, located in the village of Duffields, West Virginia, near Shenandoah Junction. Built in 1839, the depot is the second oldest surviving B&O depot. Only the Ellicott City Station in Ellicott City, Maryland is older. The depot and its enviroins were a significant focus of activity during the American Civil War, culminating in the "Greenback Raid" of 1864.
Description.
Flowing Springs Road the main road where it crosses the railroad tracks, on Melvin Road, which parallels the tracks. The depot is in two parts, a stone 1-1/2 story gable-roofed structure and a 1-1/2 story wood-framed addition. The stone structure is built into a slope in the manner of a bank barn with the main level on the same grade as the road, falling away on the side facing the tracks. The basement has gradually filled with silt, whose surface is within two feet of the bottoms of the first floor joists. This section is two bays wide. An interior chimney serves two fireplaces. The walls are built of local limestone with irregular coursing. The addition extends to the west for two bays, continuing the stone building's gable roof, but without a basement. The frame section had a porch on the north side that extended part-way into the stone side.
The interior of the stone section is mainly intact, though much of the plaster has been lost. The first floor of the stone section appears to have been divided lengthways into two long, narrow rooms, with a finished attic above. The room on the track side has built-in cupboards and pilaster trim. Much of the wood trim remains in this area. The wood section comprises three rooms, two on the track side and one on the road side, with plaster and simple trim. The attic in this section has two rooms with low windows in the kneewalls. The roof has failed in this area and the plaster is extensively damaged.
Elsewhere on the property, a shed and an outhouse were built in the 1930s. The outhouse is a standard Works Progress Administration design.
History.
Duffields was a local stop on the B&O line, serving a rural market. The depot was built as a private venture, and was never owned by the railroad, which had its own station on the other side of the tracks from about 1883 to 1942. Richard Duffield was paid $2500 in compensation for the railroad's right-of-way through his land. Duffield used the money to build the depot with the railroad's blessing, as the railroad preferred to use its capital for the line and to make use of such private depots wherever it could. The depot housed the B&O station master's living and working quarters.
During the American Civil War the station was the scene of fighting. The depot and its surroundings were guarded by Union forces throughout the war. However, John S. Mosby's 43rd Battalion Virginia Cavalry briefly captured the depot on June 29, 1864. On October 14, 1864 Mosby's rangers cut the tracks and derailed a train near Duffields, in what became known as the "Greenback Raid." Mosby took more than $150,000 in Federal cash from the train.
The depot property was purchased by Duffield Station, Inc. with a long-term goal of restoration for a museum. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on August 3, 2007

</doc>
<doc id="18396448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396448" title="Felipe Nunag">
Felipe Nunag

Felipe K. Nunag (March 23, 1916 – March 17, 1957), also known as Boy Nunag, was a Filipino boxer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
He died in Cebu in the 1957 Cebu Douglas C-47 crash together with Ramon Magsaysay.
In 1936 he was eliminated in the second round of the flyweight class after losing his fight to Raoul Degryse.
He was Aide de camp to president Ramon Magsaysay. He was a professor at the Philippine Military Academy

</doc>
<doc id="18396454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396454" title="William of Nassau (1601–1627)">
William of Nassau (1601–1627)

Willem van Nassau, Lord of De Lek (also "Willem van Nassau-LaLecq", or in French "Willem LaLecq"; 1601–1627) was a Dutch soldier from 1620 until 1627. He was the illegitimate son of stadholder Maurice of Nassau, Prince of Orange and his mistress Margaretha van Mechelen.
Like their other illegitimate children, he was recognized with the surname Nassau-LaLecq. He went by the title Rijksgraaf (Count of the Holy Roman Empire) van Nassau-LaLecq" and was also popularly known in French as the "Chevalier de Nassau". After 1625 he was granted lands and the title Lord of De Lek. He received his heerlijkheid of De Lek as a bequest from his father to him and his descendants. His brother Lodewijk van Nassau had the title "Lord of Beverweerd and Odijk".
From his 19th year on, Willem served in the Dutch army fighting Spain in the Dutch Revolt (1568–1648). Aged only 24 he received the rank of lieutenant-admiral of Holland and West Friesland, replacing stadholder Frederik Hendrik. He led the Dutch ships that participated in the Cádiz expedition of 1625. In the summer of 1627 he was present at the Siege of Grol. On the 18 August, not long before the end of the siege, fighting with the French troops at the front, Willem received a bullet wound which later proved fatal. Thus he died on his 26th birthday, with Lodewijk inheriting Willem's fiefdom.
On 4 April 1627, 4 months before his death, Willem married Anna van der Noot, lady of Hoogwoud and Aartswoud, in Sluis. Though he had no children with Anna, he had one illegitimate son by Barbara Augustinus Cocx, Willem Jonker van Nassau (1620-1679) .
References.
1. A.W.E. Dek, Genealogie van het Vorstenhuis Nassau, Zaltbommel 1970, 148-149
2. Reinildis van Ditzhuyzen, Oranje-Nassau: Een biografisch woordenboek, Haarlem 2004, 28, 50, 156-157, 191, 269, 271

</doc>
<doc id="18396455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396455" title="Satis">
Satis

Satis or SATIS may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18396480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396480" title="Saudi Council of Engineers">
Saudi Council of Engineers

The Saudi Council of Engineers is a Saudi Arabian professional body intended to promote the engineering profession, develop and upgrade its standards and those practicing it. It operates under the supervision of Ministry of Commerce with headquarters in Riyadh.
The organization's main responsibilities are:

</doc>
<doc id="18396485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396485" title="Majority Leader of the Illinois House of Representatives">
Majority Leader of the Illinois House of Representatives

The office of Majority Leader of the Illinois House of Representatives, usually in practice called the Illinois House Majority Leader, is a statutory office of the Illinois House of Representatives.
Duties of office.
The Illinois House Majority Leader is selected by the Speaker of the Illinois House of Representatives and is a member of the majority party of that legislative chamber. In practice, the House Majority Leader serves as the Speaker's chief floor aide and legislative whip. The House Majority Leader may preside over meetings of the Speaker's political party caucus or leadership team, and may serve as a negotiator for members of his or her political party in talks with other Illinois political leaders. 
The Illinois House Majority Leader receives a stipend in addition to his or her pay as a member of the Illinois legislature.
As of 2012, the office of Illinois House Majority Leader is held by Representative Barbara Flynn Currie.

</doc>
<doc id="18396504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396504" title="Libmpeg2">
Libmpeg2

libmpeg2 is a free and open source software library for decoding MPEG-1 and MPEG-2 video streams. libmpeg2 is released under the terms of the GNU GPL license.
Legality and software patents.
Since the libmpeg2 source code library is released under free and open source license it is legally redistributable. However, the MPEG-2 compression algorithm method is owned by the MPEG Licensing Authority and are in many countries protected by software patents. Absent such a licence from the MPEG Licensing Authority, it could possibly be illegal in certain countries to distribute compiled versions of libmpeg2 for the purpose of decoding MPEG-1 and/or MPEG-2 video streams.

</doc>
<doc id="18396521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396521" title="The Dollar (song)">
The Dollar (song)

"The Dollar" is the title of a debut song written and recorded by American country music artist Jamey Johnson. It was released in August 2005 as the first single the title track from his debut album "The Dollar". The song reached #14 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs charts in early 2006, and was the only chart single from its album.
Background and writing.
Johnson was inspired to write the song after taking a job as a construction worker, thus causing him to be away from his own young daughter for two months.
Content.
The song is a mid-tempo accompanied largely by acoustic guitar and steel guitar. Its central character is a child who, upon seeing his father leaving for work, asks his mother why the father has to go to work. The mother then explains that, at work, they "pay him for his time", thus encouraging the boy to gather a dollar's worth of coins from his personal collection, in an attempt to buy some time from his father. After the young boy in the song has gathered his money, the mother calls up the father, telling him that he "[doesn't] have to chase that dollar" because the son "has one here at home".
Chart performance.
"The Dollar" debuted at number 50 on "Billboard"'s Hot Country Songs chart for the chart week of September 3, 2005. The single reached its peak of number 14 for the week of March 14, 2006, where it stayed there for two consecutive weeks.

</doc>
<doc id="18396523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396523" title="List of Mississippi area codes">
List of Mississippi area codes

The state of Mississippi is served by the following area codes:

</doc>
<doc id="18396543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396543" title="Raoul Degryse">
Raoul Degryse

Raoul Degryse (born 6 September 1912, date of death unknown) is a Belgian boxer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Oudenaarde.
In 1936 he was eliminated in the quarter-finals of the flyweight class after losing his fight to the upcoming silver medalist Gavino Matta.

</doc>
<doc id="18396556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396556" title="Inveruglas Isle">
Inveruglas Isle

Inveruglas Isle (Scottish Gaelic: "Innis Inbhir Dhughlais") is a small island within Loch Lomond, and lies off the shore at Inveruglas opposite Inversnaid at the north end of the loch. It is opposite the Loch Sloy powerstation.
The name "Inbhir Dhu(bh)ghlais" means "mouth of the black stream"; Inveruglas Isle is therefore, quite literally, the island at the mouth of the black stream.
The island houses the ruins of a castle which was once home to the chiefs of the Clan MacFarlane, destroyed in the seventeenth century by Oliver Cromwell's Roundhead troops.[http://www.incallander.me.uk/loch-lomond.htm]

</doc>
<doc id="18396583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396583" title="Cool Spring Farm (Charles Town, West Virginia)">
Cool Spring Farm (Charles Town, West Virginia)

Cool Spring Farm, located near Charles Town, West Virginia was first established along Bullskin Run around 1750. The Federal style second house on the property, built in 1813, is extant, with a Greek Revival-influenced third house, built in 1832 that shows the evolution of the farmstead. The farm is significant as an example of agricultural development in the Bullskin Run district and as examples of Greek Revival and Federal style vernacular design.
Description.
The farm complex is sited to the south of Bullskin Run. The principal buildings are the stone 1813 house, the frame 1832 house, several outbuildings and a remnant of a bank barn, now enclosed with modern construction. The 1832 house is the main house, located on a hill overlooking the stream and the remainder of the complex. The house features rooms on either side of a center stair hall, with a sevice extension to the rear, now extended with modern construction. The upper level mattches the lower leverl. The clabboarded house is on a limestone foundation, whith brick chimneys at either end. The front porch was added in the 1890s. The 1813 stone house is a one-story, four-bay structure built in local limestone, using large stone blocks. The interior presently has two rooms, with traces of greater subdivision in the past. The spring house is from the same era, built in stone. Other buildings date to the early 20th century.
History.
The lands surrounding Cool Spring Farm were first surveyed in 1734. Joshua Haines, a Quaker from New Jersey, bought a portion of the lands in 1750 from Benjamin Borden, Jr. of Augusta, Virginia. In 1752 his brother Abraham bought from Joshua. An adjoining tract was sold in 1750 to George Washington. The following year a deed of partition adjusted the boundary between the Haines and Washington lands. The property passed to Mary Haines Collett and her husband Daniel, while the Washington property became Bushrod Washington's Rock Hall estate. The Colletts sold their property i 1812 or 1813 to one or both of the Myers brothers, John and Jacob. At about this time the stone Federal house was built on the property. The land was sold again in 1830 by John and Susannah Myers to Thomas Griggs, Jr., who built the Greek Revival house.
In 1857 Griggs sold the farm, then , to Ambrose Timberlake. The property, unlike many in Jefferson County, was not greatly affected during the American Civil War. In 1869 the farm passed to Adam Young. The Young family kept the property for almost 100 years. By 1925 they had named it Cool Spring Farm. In 1944 the Young family sold the farm to the Blakely Corporation. Three months later the property, now at was sold to the Victor Product Corporation. This company was owned by Raymond Funkhouser, whose hobby was buying and restoring properties in the area that had been owned by the Washington family. Funkhouser leased the adjoining Rock Hall farm, which had been Washington property. The property was sold in 1951 and has passed through several hands, with the overall acreage reduced to .
Cool Spring Farm was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 27, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18396584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396584" title="Aram Bagh">
Aram Bagh

Aram Bagh ( meaning "Garden of the relaxation") is located in Saddar Town in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan. The Aram Bagh Masjid is also located in the Aram Bagh Park. Aram Bagh is located in densely populated uptown area of Karachi surrounded by apartment buildings and shopping centers.
History.
According to Hindu myth, the Hindu avatars Ram, Sita and Lakshman stayed at this location on their way to Hinglaj pilgrimage. The garden was built and was named "Ram Bagh" i.e. "Garden of Ram". Karachi was called "Ramya" in some Greek texts. In 1857, during the war of liberation against the British colonialism the freedom fighters were blasted by canons by the British in this garden. After the independence of Pakistan in 1947, Muslim refugees set up camps here and the name changed to "Aram Bagh" i.e. "Garden of relaxation" to mark the end of their arduous journey to Pakistan.

</doc>
<doc id="18396588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396588" title="Louis of Nassau, Lord of De Lek and Beverweerd">
Louis of Nassau, Lord of De Lek and Beverweerd

Louis of Nassau, Lord of De Lek and Beverweerd (1602 – 28 February 1665) was a Dutch soldier. He was the illegitimate son of Margaretha van Mechelen and Maurice of Nassau, Prince of Orange, and so a collateral member of the House of Orange-Nassau. He was a Lord of the heerlijkheid De Lek and Beverweerd. From his father he inherited the estate of Beverweerd; and when his older brother Willem died in 1627 he inherited his estate as well.
Career.
He joined the army which had claimed his brother William's life and served with distinction in 1629 in the battle near Den Bosch. In 1632 he was advanced to Colonel and after 1635 was in charge of a regiment. In 1640 during the battle for Hulst he prevented the cannons from falling into enemy hands. In the same year he was sent to Paris to advise the French king of the forthcoming marriage of the 14-year-old William II of Orange to the 9-year-old English Princess Mary Stuart. Also, when the young Prince proceeded to England to fetch his bride, he was accompanied by Louis of Nassau. In 1643 he became General-Major and Governor of the city of Bergen-op-Zoom.
Despite his mother's objections he married Isabella van Hornes in the spring of 1630 and from this marriage ten children were born. Lodewijk was highly regarded by his uncle, Prince Frederick Henry, and took part in the Prince's family life.
Louis was originally a supporter of his next of kin, the Princes of Orange. After the death of William II he made his peace with the anti-Orangist regents of the cities of Holland and worked with the administration of Johan de Witt, becoming First Noble of Holland. In 1658 Louis of Nassau became Governor of Den Bosch and in 1660 was sent as a special ambassador to England. In addition to his representing the Dutch republic, two of his daughters were married to British noblemen. Emilia married the heir of the Duke of Ormonde and Elisabeth the Earl of Arlington, one of King Charles II's ministers. By 1662 he had forged an apparently strong relationship between England and the Dutch republic and returned to Holland where he died on 28 February 1665.
Marriage and children.
He married Countess Isabella of Hornes in the spring of 1630, and had ten children.
He and Countess Isabella had three surviving sons:
He also had seven daughters of whom the two eldest were:
His descendants are buried in the family crypt at Ouderkerk aan den IJssel
External links.
References:
See: Reinildis van Ditzhuyzen, Oranje-Nassau: Een biografisch woordenboek, Haarlem 2004, 171-173 (with a portrait, ca. 1650)

</doc>
<doc id="18396591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396591" title="Autsho">
Autsho

Autsho is a village in north-eastern Bhutan near the border with Tibet. It is located in Lhuntse District.
Population 301 (2005 census).

</doc>
<doc id="18396616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396616" title="List of South African records in swimming">
List of South African records in swimming

The South African records in swimming are the fastest times ever by a swimmer representing South Africa in competition.
These records are ratified by Swimming South Africa, South Africa's national federation for aquatic sports.
A "+" immediately following a time indicates that it is the current world record for the event.
Records updated as of June 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18396628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396628" title="Bondey">
Bondey

Bondey is a village in western Bhutan. It is located in the Paro Valley of Paro District.
The population was 570 at the 2005 census.

</doc>
<doc id="18396633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396633" title="Gaston Fayaud">
Gaston Fayaud

Gaston Fayaud (born September 6, 1914, date of death unknown) was a French boxer. Born in Limoges, he competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics and in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
Career.
In 1932, Fayaud lost in the first round to István Énekes in the flyweight competition.
Four years later he was again eliminated in the first round of the flyweight class after losing his fight to Walter Siegfried.

</doc>
<doc id="18396641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396641" title="Margaretha van Mechelen">
Margaretha van Mechelen

Margaretha van Mechelen (circa 1580, Lier – 17 May 1662, The Hague) was a South Dutch noblewoman and (from c.1600 to c.1610) the mistress of Maurice of Nassau, Prince of Orange, with whom she had 3 sons:
Though Maurice refused to marry her (probably because she was a Catholic and only from the minor nobility), he did state his intent to do so from his death bed (and to legitimise and marry off their children). This would threaten his half-brother Frederick Henry's place in the succession and so Frederick Henry summoned Amalia of Solms-Braunfels and married her a few days before Maurice's death.

</doc>
<doc id="18396644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396644" title="Odetta in Japan">
Odetta in Japan


</doc>
<doc id="18396649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396649" title="Biscoe, Virginia">
Biscoe, Virginia

Biscoe is an unincorporated community in King and Queen County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18396653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396653" title="Boardley, Virginia">
Boardley, Virginia

Boardley is an unincorporated community in King and Queen County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18396654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396654" title="Brookeshire, Virginia">
Brookeshire, Virginia

Brookeshire is an unincorporated community in King and Queen County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18396661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396661" title="Brettonwood High School">
Brettonwood High School

Brettonwood High School, in Durban, South Africa, opened in January 1966, is named after Brettonwood Avenue, which is at the intersection of the main entrance. It was known as Brettonwood Boys' High School until it became co-educational in the mid-1970s. The school's motto is ""Audacior"", meaning very bold, extremely courageous, more daring (than the rest).
The first headmaster was Cyril Harcourt, an Englishman who had served with the Royal Navy during the Second World War. His English background was evident in the traditions introduced into the school. 
The school uniform was a black blazer with badge, long grey trousers (envoy 4244 "Special Grey for Brettonwood" with 1 inch Turn ups) , white shirt, black shoes and a boater. The full uniform, excluding boater, was required to be worn when outside the classroom and with the boater when outside the school. 
In the school's first year there were four classes, two of standard 6 and two of standard 7. In 1969 the school had its first matriculation class.
During the initial years sports were restricted to rugby, cricket and athletics. A wider range is now offered. 
Brettonwood High School is the only co-educational English-speaking school in Durban.

</doc>
<doc id="18396663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396663" title="Stan Malinowski">
Stan Malinowski

Stan Malinowski, full name: Stanley Edward Malinowski, Jr., (born 2 November 1936 in Chicago, IL) is an American photographer known for his fashion photography.
Biography.
Malinowski is an only child to Regina Grajewska (who returned to her maiden name after divorce) and Stanley Malinowski, Sr. He studied at Loyola University, Roosevelt University, and the Illinois Institute of Technology; majoring in engineering, psychology and photography. Instructors included Harry Callahan and Aaron Siskind.
Having grown up in Chicago, Playboy seemed a natural fit for the budding photographer. "I brought some slides to Playboy, asked if I could return to show more and a month later walked away with my first assignment." Malinowski would move on to Penthouse where he worked with Anna Wintour. While there, the art director at Vogue, Rochelle Udell and Alexander Liberman saw his photos in Penthouse and brought him in to shoot a spread. This led to a thriving career in high fashion shooting for Harper's Bazaar (including French and Italian editions), Vogue, Valentino along with various perfume and make up ads. Malinowski has traveled all over the world and worked with some of the biggest names in modeling including Christie Brinkley, Cindy Crawford, and Gia Carangi.
On November 1, 2008 a retrospective of his works was shown alongside artist and photographer Nick Azzaro. "From Fantasy to Fashion" showcased works from his illustrious career, beginning with photographs of Playboy covers in the 1960s to his international photo shoots over the next 25 years. Subjects included Iman, Janice Dickinson, Kelly Lebrock, Andie Macdowell among others. The two-man show contrasted the fashion scene of past decades with current trends, highlighting shooting locations throughout Chicago.
Malinowski says he was influenced by Victor Skrebneski, Irving Penn, Richard Avedon, Bert Stern, Saul Leiter, Will McBride, Horn & Griner and most of all Francis Giacobetti and Hans Feurer. He currently works and resides in Chicago.
Quotes.
"I've been told I make models look like real people," -Stan Malinowski

</doc>
<doc id="18396664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396664" title="Bruington, Virginia">
Bruington, Virginia

Bruington is an unincorporated community in King and Queen County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18396670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396670" title="Christian Dornier">
Christian Dornier

Christian Dornier (born July 12, 1958) is a French mass murderer, who shot to death his sister and mother and wounded his father with a 12-gauge double-barrelled shotgun at their farm on July 12, 1989, afterwards driving through the village of Luxiol and the adjacent area, shooting people at random. A total of 14 people were killed and eight others injured in his half-hour ramapge, before police managed to subdue him.
He was diagnosed as suffering from schizophrenia and thus could not be held accountable for his crime according to French law, much to the anger of the victims' families. He has been treated in a psychiatric hospital in Sarreguemines since April 1991.
Life.
Dornier was the oldest child of Georges and Jeanne Dornier. He had a sister named Corinne, and a brother named Serge. He served 12 months in the military around 1981 and apparently never was the same afterwards.
Dornier was described as a reserved person who liked to read a lot and work in the forest. According to his brother he had no friends and hardly talked to anyone. Sometimes he didn't talk to anyone in the village for weeks.
One and a half years prior to the shooting his father decided to retire and hand over the farm to him in three years. Dornier enrolled in a month-long agricultural course to prepare for the day he had to take over the farm, but he returned after a week, apparently broken. He shaved his head, began to smoke, abandoned his farm work, and became violent. Eventually Georges Dornier decided not to cede the farm to him. Three months prior to the shooting Dornier, together with his father bought a VW Golf GTI, because he wanted the choice to leave the farm whenever he wished.
In the months prior to the rampage Dornier fired shots at his father and his neighbour René Barrand, and pelted a woman with stones one morning. The incidents were discussed at the village council, but it was decided that no action was needed, since Dornier never had any trouble with the law. Though Dornier's family was advised to get him psychiatric help, and his father Georges began to hide his guns.
Dornier was regularly visited by a psychiatrist from Baume-les-Dames, who prescribed him tranquilizers, but according to his brother he never took them. His parents considered putting him in a psychiatric hospital, but he became furious, when his doctor talked to him about the matter, and his mother eventually decided against it.
In July 1989 Dornier apparently had a nervous breakdown and didn't attend the wedding of his sister with Daniel Maillard on July 8. Instead he drove through the area the entire day.
Shooting.
On July 12 Dornier refused to have lunch with his family. He moved the car of his brother-in-law, Daniel Maillard, out of the way of his own car, and then waited in the kitchen, where he had hidden a double-barrelled shotgun behind a cupboard. The shotgun was earlier found by Maillard, when it was overthrown by his dog, though he thought that Dornier's father had put it there, after the previous shooting incidents.
At 14:30, when the car of Marcel Lechine, a cattle inseminator, pulled up outside the house, Dornier, apparently thinking that his brother Serge had just arrived, grabbed the gun and killed Lechine upon entry. He then opened fire at his family, killing his sister by shooting her at point-blank range, and wounding his 63-year-old father with a shot to the neck. He pursued his father to a neighbour's house and shot him again in his side, before returning home, where he fatally wounded his mother, while she was calling police. She later died in hospital. Daniel Maillard escaped the shooting unharmed, because he was in the bathroom at that time and fled through a window.
The 31-year-old packed more ammunition and left the farm in his car, driving around the area and shooting people at random. He first encountered 10-year-old Johann Robez-Masson and his adopted brother Johnny, who were riding their bikes, and killed them both. On a distance of 300 metres he then killed Stanislas and Marie Périard, Louis Cuenot, as well as Louis Liard, and wounded six others, among them Juliette Périard, Jeanine Cuenot, a 14-year-old girl named Angeline, and René Barrand, who was shot in the head and legs. Dornier also shot at the latter's wife, Marie-Therese, who was standing in her kitchen. After he had killed the niece of mayor Roger Clausse, five-year-old Pauline Faivre-Pierret, who was playing in the garden, and was about to reload his gun to shoot her aunt standing nearby, the mayor's son Joel grabbed a gun and fired a shot at him. Dornier, hit in the neck, then fled to continue his rampage elsewhere.
While Roger Clausse alerted police, Dornier drove towards Baume-les-Dames, killing Louis Girardot on the way and shooting gendarme René Sarrazin in the arm. While being chased by 40 police officers he shot Georges Pernin and Marie-Alice Champroy at a crossroads, causing their cars to crash, and killed Pierre Boeuf. When he came to Verne he was finally engaged by police and wounded in the stomach during a shootout.
The reason for the shooting is not known, though it was speculated that Dornier was irate, because his father had decided not to turn over the farm's management to him. Police recovered two suitcases at Dornier's farm, packed, among other things, with books and clothes, suggesting that he had planned to flee afterwards.
Aftermath.
Prime minister Michel Rocard sent his condolences and all festivities planned for celebrating the Bastille Day on July 14 were cancelled in Baume-les-Dames and replaced with a solemn ceremony to commemorate the victims of the shooting.
Dornier was kept under heavy guard in a hospital in Besançon, to make sure he did not escape, as well as for his own protection, since locals had uttered threats against him. On July 15 he was transferred to the prison hospital in Fresnes and charged with 14 counts of murder and 8 counts of attempted murder. Two psychiatrists were appointed to examine his mental state, and in November the same year they declared that Dornier was suffering from schizophrenia, was therefore not responsible for his crimes, and should be confined in a special facility for dangerous patients. Their findings were confirmed in February 1990 and so he was declared insane and transferred from the prison in Dijon, where he was held in remand, to the mental hospital in Sarreguemines on April 18, 1991.
An application by the victims' families to bring Dornier before a criminal court was dismissed on March 2, 1994. On March 16 the same year about fifty residents of Luxiol protested against the decision in front of the court in Besançon.

</doc>
<doc id="18396674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396674" title="Dala, Bhutan">
Dala, Bhutan

Dala is a town in southwestern Bhutan. It is located in Chukha District.
Population 1,652 (2005 census).
Nearby is the Jainti Tea Estate.

</doc>
<doc id="18396683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396683" title="Cape Charlie, Virginia">
Cape Charlie, Virginia

Cape Charlie is an unincorporated community in King and Queen County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18396685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396685" title="Carlton Corner, Virginia">
Carlton Corner, Virginia

Carlton Corner is an unincorporated community in King and Queen County, Virginia, United States. It is a very rural area centered on the intersection of Mt. Zion Road and the Virginia State Route 617.

</doc>
<doc id="18396688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396688" title="Do You Believe (disambiguation)">
Do You Believe (disambiguation)

Do You Believe may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18396690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396690" title="56th Rescue Squadron">
56th Rescue Squadron

The 56th Rescue Squadron (56 RQS) is part of the 48th Fighter Wing at RAF Lakenheath, England. It operates HH-60G Pave Hawk aircraft conducting search and rescue missions.
Mission.
The 56th Rescue Squadron is a combat-ready search and rescue squadron of HH-60G Pave Hawk helicopters capable of executing all-weather search and rescue missions day or night in hostile environments in support of USAFE, USEUCOM, and NATO operations. It employs a state-of-the-art communications and navigation system along with advanced search and rescue equipment. The squadron is capable of deploying to any theater of operations in the world.
History.
The 56th flew search and rescue, and medical evacuation, in North Africa and southern Europe from, November 1952-March 1960. It flew combat missions in Southeast Asia from, 10 July 1972 - 15 August 1973, to include search and rescue, airborne mission control, and aerial refueling. The squadron continued to perform local search and rescue until February 1975.
It flew search and rescue support to the Iceland Defense Force from, May 1988-September 2006.
Operations.
On 1 April 1972 the 39th ARRS was dissolved and the aircraft and crews temporarily became part of Detachment 4 of the 3d Aerospace Rescue and Recovery Group at Korat Royal Thai Air Force Base. On 8 July 1972 the Detachment was redesignated the 56th Aerospace Rescue and Recovery Squadron.
On 12 April 1975 the squadron's HC-130Ps supported Operation Eagle Pull, the evacuation of Phnom Penh, Cambodia.
On 15 October 1975 the squadron was inactivated at Korat RTAFB and its 4 remaining HC-130Ps joined the 40th ARRS.
In 2011 a detachment of helicopters from the 56th deployed on board the .

</doc>
<doc id="18396693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396693" title="Cauthornville, Virginia">
Cauthornville, Virginia

Cauthornville is an unincorporated community in King and Queen County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18396699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396699" title="Clancie, Virginia">
Clancie, Virginia

Clancie is an unincorporated community in King and Queen County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18396703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396703" title="Walter Siegfried">
Walter Siegfried

Walter Siegfried (March 21, 1919 – April 21, 2002) was a Swiss boxer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
In 1936 he advanced past the first round of the flyweight class after defeating Gaston Fayaud of France. He was eliminated by decision in the second round after losing his fight to Edmund Sobkowiak of Poland.Walter later immigrated to the U.S. joined the Army attained the rank of Sergeant and served in Korea. He was a part of the Olympic Torch relay in the 2002 Winter Olympics at Salt Lake City.

</doc>
<doc id="18396706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396706" title="Coldwater, Virginia">
Coldwater, Virginia

Coldwater is an unincorporated community in King and Queen County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18396709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396709" title="Deothang">
Deothang

Deothang is a town in south-eastern Bhutan. It is located in Samdrup Jongkhar District at an altitude of 870 metres (2855 feet). Population 2,644 (2005 census).
The town and surrounding area is known for its bird population and there is the Sonai-Rupai Wildlife Sanctuary. The Royal Bhutan Polytechnic (RBP) in Deothang provides a three-year diploma course.
The town of Deothang is only a small town today except for the Polytechnic. However, up until 1865 there was an important fort standing on the ridge overlooking the road into the town. This fort, known at the time as Dewangiri, was dismantled by the British during the Anglo-Bhutanese War of 1865. The British suffered a humiliating defeat at Deothang and when they recaptured Dewangiri they destroyed much to attempt to compensate.
Sangay Lhendup of Deothang was elected as a National Council minister for Samdrup Jongkhar District in the Bhutanese National Council election, 2007–2008. However Jigme Wangchuk (not the former King) of Lauri Gewog was the winner. 
Today, Deothang is home to an important Royal Bhutan Army camp.

</doc>
<doc id="18396714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396714" title="Yan Hui (painter)">
Yan Hui (painter)

Yan Hui (); was a late 13th-century Chinese painter who lived during the Southern Song and early Yuan dynasties. His specific dates of birth and death are not known.
Biography.
Yan Hui was born in Ji'an, Jiangxi province. His courtesy name was Qiuyue (秋月; lit. "autumn moon"). Yan primarily painted human, Buddhist, and ghost figures. His style incorporated profound brush strokes with special composition.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18396716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396716" title="Aylett, Virginia">
Aylett, Virginia

Aylett is an unincorporated community in King William County, Virginia, United States. It is located where Virginia State Route 360 crosses the Mattaponi River. 
Formerly, Todd's Bridge (no longer in existence) (aka Todd's) was north of Aylett. Todd's and Aylett were both mentioned in Tobacco Inspection Act of 1730 legislation as a location for a public tobacco inspection warehouse. 
Later, in 1781, Todd's Bridge provided crossing of the Mattaponi as a part of the Washington–Rochambeau Revolutionary Route
Burlington, Holly Hill, Roseville Plantation, and Zoar are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="18396720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396720" title="St. Stephens Church, Virginia">
St. Stephens Church, Virginia

St. Stephens Church is an unincorporated community in King and Queen County, Virginia, United States.
Bewdley, Farmington, and the Marriott School are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="18396728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396728" title="Modularity (networks)">
Modularity (networks)

Modularity is one measure of the structure of networks or graphs. It was designed to measure the strength of division of a network into modules (also called groups, clusters or communities). Networks with high modularity have dense connections between the nodes within modules but sparse connections between nodes in different modules. Modularity is often used in optimization methods for detecting community structure in networks. However, it has been shown that modularity suffers a resolution limit and, therefore, it is unable to detect small communities. Biological networks, including animal brains, exhibit a high degree of modularity. 
Motivation.
Many scientifically important problems can be represented and empirically studied using networks. For example, biological and social patterns, the World Wide Web, metabolic networks, food webs, neural networks and pathological networks are a few examples of real world problems that can be mathematically represented and topologically studied to reveal some unexpected structural features. Most of these networks possess a certain community structure that has substantial importance in building an understanding regarding the dynamics of the network. For instance, a closely connected social community will imply a faster rate of transmission of information or rumor among them than a loosely connected community. Thus, if a network is represented by a number of individual nodes connected by links which signify a certain degree of interaction between the nodes, communities are defined as groups of densely interconnected nodes that are only sparsely connected with the rest of the network. Hence, it may be imperative to identify the communities in networks since the communities may have quite different properties such as node degree, clustering coefficient, betweenness, centrality. etc., from that of the average network. Modularity is one such measure, which when maximized, leads to the appearance of communities in a given network.
Definition.
Modularity is the fraction of the edges that fall within the given groups minus the expected such fraction if edges were distributed at random. The value of the modularity lies in the range [−1/2,1). It is positive if the number of edges within groups exceeds the number expected on the basis of chance. For a given division of the network's vertices into some modules, modularity reflects the concentration of nodes within modules compared with random distribution of links between all nodes regardless of modules.
There are different methods for calculating modularity. In the most common version of the concept, the randomization of the edges is done so as to preserve the degree of each vertex. Let us consider a graph with formula_1 nodes and formula_2 links (edges) such that the graph can be partitioned into 2 communities using a membership variable formula_3. If a node formula_4 belongs to community 1, formula_5, or if formula_4 belongs to community 2, formula_7. Let the adjacency matrix for the network be represented by formula_8, where formula_9 means there's no edge (no interaction) between nodes formula_4 and formula_11 and formula_12 means there is an edge between the two. Also for simplicity we consider an undirected network. Thus formula_13. (It is important to note that multiple edges may exist between 2 nodes and here we assess the simplest case).
Modularity Q is then defined as the fraction of edges that fall within group 1 or 2, minus the expected number of edges within group 1 and 2 for a random graph with same node degree distribution as the given network.
The expected number of edges shall be computed using the concept of Configuration Models. The configuration model is a randomized realization of a particular network. Given a network with "n" nodes, where each node "i" has a node degree "k""i", the configuration model cuts each edge into 2 halves, and then each half edge, called a stub, is rewired randomly with any other stub in the network even allowing self loops. Thus, even though the node degree distribution of the graph remains intact, the configuration model results in a completely random network.
Let the total number of stubs be "l""n"
Now, if we randomly select two nodes "i" and "j" with node degrees "k""i" and "k""j" respectively and rewire the stubs for these 2 nodes, then,
Expected edges between "i" and "j" = (Full edges between "i" and "j")/(Total number of rewirings possible) "(2)"
Total number of rewirings possible = number of stubs remaining after choosing a particular stub
 = "l""n-1"= "l" "n" for large "n"
Thus, Expected of full edges between "i" and "j"=("k""i"* "k""j")/"l""n" =("k""i" "k""j")/2"m".
Hence, the actual number of edges between "i" and "j" minus expected number of edges between them is "A""ij"-("k""i" "k""j" )/2"m". Thus using 
It is important to note that (3) holds good for partitioning into 2 communities only. Hierarchical partitioning (i.e. partitioning into 2 communities, then the 2 sub-communities further partitioned into 2 smaller sub communities only to maximize "Q") is a possible approach to identify multiple communities in a network. Additionally, (3) can be generalized for partitioning a network into "c" communities.
where "e""ii" is the fraction of edges with both end vertices in the same community "i":
and "a""i" is the fraction of edges with at least one end vertex in community "i":
Example of multiple community detection.
We consider an undirected network with 10 nodes and 12 edges and the following adjacency matrix.
The communities in the graph are represented by the red, green and blue node clusters in Fig 1. The optimal community partitions are depicted in Fig 2.
Matrix formulation.
An alternative formulation of the modularity, useful particularly in spectral optimization algorithms, is as follows. Define "S""ir" to be 1 if vertex "i" belongs to group "r" and zero otherwise. Then
and hence
where S is the (non-square) matrix having elements "S""ir" and B is the so-called modularity matrix, which has elements
All rows and columns of the modularity matrix sum to zero, which means that the modularity of an undivided network is also always zero.
For networks divided into just two communities, one can alternatively define "s""i" = ±1 to indicate the community to which node "i" belongs, which then leads to
where s is the column vector with elements "s""i".
This function has the same form as the Hamiltonian of an Ising spin glass, a connection that has been exploited to create simple computer algorithms, for instance using simulated annealing, to maximize the modularity. The general form of the modularity for arbitrary numbers of communities is equivalent to a Potts spin glass and similar algorithms can be developed for this case also.
Resolution limit.
Modularity compares the number of edges inside a cluster with the expected number of edges that
one would find in the cluster if the network were a random network with the same number of nodes and where
each node keeps its degree, but edges are otherwise randomly attached. This random null model implicitly assumes that
each node can get attached to any other node of the network. Such assumption is however unreasonable if the network
is very large, as the horizon of a node includes a small part of the network, ignoring most of it.
Moreover, this implies that the expected number of edges between two groups of nodes decreases
if the size of the network increases. So, if a network is large enough, the expected number of edges between two groups
of nodes in modularity's null model may be smaller than one. If this happens, a single edge between the two clusters
would be interpreted by modularity as a sign of a strong correlation between the two clusters, and optimizing modularity
would lead to the merge of the two clusters, independently of the clusters' features. So, even weakly interconnected complete graphs, which
have the highest possible density of internal edges, and represent the best identifiable communities,
would be merged by modularity optimization if the network is sufficiently large.
For this reason, optimizing modularity in large networks would fail to resolve small communities, even when they are well defined. This bias
is inevitable for methods like modularity optimization, which rely on a global null model.
Multiresolution methods.
There are two main approaches which try to solve the resolution limit within the modularity context: the addition of a resistance "r" to every node, in the form of a self-loop, which increases ("r>0") or decreases ("r<0") the aversion of nodes to form communities; or the addition of a parameter "γ>0" in front of the null-case term in the definition of modularity, which controls the relative importance between internal links of the communities and the null model. Optimizing modularity for values of these parameters in their respective appropriate ranges, it is possible to recover the whole mesoscale of the network, from the macroscale in which all nodes belong to the same community, to the microscale in which every node forms its own community, thus the name "multiresolution methods". However, it has been recently demonstrated that these methods are intrinsically deficient and their use will not produce reliable solutions.

</doc>
<doc id="18396730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396730" title="Cologne, Virginia">
Cologne, Virginia

Cologne is an unincorporated community in King and Queen County, Virginia, United States. Cologne is located at longitude -76.691 and latitude 37.531 and sits elevated at 105 feet.

</doc>
<doc id="18396735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396735" title="Henry C. Cooper">
Henry C. Cooper

Henry Charles Cooper (22 November 1913 – ??) was an Australian boxer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics. In 1936, he was eliminated in the first round of the flyweight class after losing his fight to Edmund Sobkowiak.

</doc>
<doc id="18396737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396737" title="Reina Nacional de Belleza Miss República Dominicana 2005">
Reina Nacional de Belleza Miss República Dominicana 2005

Reina Nacional de Belleza Miss República Dominicana 2005 was held on February 2, 2004. 18 candidates representing provinces and municipalities entered. The winner would represent the Dominican Republic at Miss International 2005. The first runner up represented the country in Miss Tourism Queen International 2005. The second runner up represented the country in Reina Nacional del Café. The rest of finalist entered different pageants.

</doc>
<doc id="18396738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396738" title="Contra, Virginia">
Contra, Virginia

Contra is an unincorporated community in King and Queen County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18396742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396742" title="Courthouse Landing, Virginia">
Courthouse Landing, Virginia

Courthouse Landing is an unincorporated community in King and Queen County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18396746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396746" title="The Merlin Mystery">
The Merlin Mystery

The Merlin Mystery is a 1998 puzzle/children's book, written by Jonathan Gunson and illustrated by Gunson and Marten Coombe. Published by Warner Books and certified by Mensa, it served as an armchair treasure hunt book, challenging its readers to solve the titular mystery by deciphering the pictures to learn how to cast a magic spell, the details of which were to be written out and sent to the authors' official office located in London, England. None of the 30,000 entries received contained the correct solution, so the £75,000 prize was donated to the World Wildlife Fund.
Plot.
The book starts with an unnamed black cat investigating the run-down former living quarters of the wizard Merlin of Arthurian legend with the implied intent of trying to find something worth stealing. While there she meets a Northern Spotted Owl who takes her through the house and explains Merlin's life, magical abilities, and what the book describes as 'The Pendragon Alchemy', a philosophy of life that says that giving nets greater rewards, both monetary and emotional, than taking. The book deviates from previous Arthur legends and tells of Merlin protecting an unnamed princess from a cadre of evil sorcerers (and in the process creating a ring of stones in Avebury), and falling in love with Nimue, the Lady of the Lake, here described as being a water sprite princess.
During this it is revealed simultaneously that the black cat is Nimue and the owl is Merlin, who resume their love. Nimue retrieves the Merlin's Wand in order to give it to the aforementioned evil sorcerers to free them in the misguided belief that they will begrudgingly help save the magical world. However, in trying to defend Merlin she accidentally uses the wand on him, shattering his soul and destroying both his body and his wand in a large fiery flash. Merlin's last magical act is to rescind Nimue's human form, and she becomes the water of the lake near the cave where Merlin was destroyed. However, Merlin has become the mountain and cave next to the lake, and the two remain, insubstantial but together, until, as Merlin explains, 'The seeker' (here to mean the reader) casts 'the spell' (the solution to the puzzle) and causes the wand (the reward for solving the puzzle) to appear.
Puzzle.
The puzzle of the book took much after its predecessor "Masquerade" in that the plot bears no relevance to the solution, and that the answer is found in the intricate illustrations as well as the borders of every page. The borders are littered with a variety of possible objects to include in the final spell, including Alchemy symbols as well as the element symbols Au, Pb, and Ag, Clocks featuring various times, Latin names for various plants, and symbols for directions and movements. Also on these pages are a variety of images of landmarks from around England, France, and Prague, as well as such symbols of English culture as Beefeaters and Toby Jugs.
The book was intended to be considered as a three-dimensional space, through which the reader was supposed to draw six three-dimensional objects, the lines of which would intersect with the various objects found on the pages edges, which, listed in order, would outline a complex ritual—the spell which needed to be performed to summon Merlin's staff.
Soundtrack.
A soundtrack CD was especially produced by British composer and producer Julia Taylor-Stanley, who composed, performed and produced all the titles, with vocals by Miriam Stockley, Shelagh and Sheryle Gwynfar, and Joss Ackland. It was published by EarthTone Records under the group name Alkaemy, and released on September 15, 1998. The CD was meant to be a companion to the worldwide release of the book.
Prize.
Along with a prize of either £75,000 or $125,000 (which were then equal under the exchange rate), the winner would have been awarded a thirty-six inch long wand, the head of which was made from ancient gold threaded Brazilian crystal set into silver with a gilded staff representing a branch from the tree of life. The head of the wand also has a ring of alchemic symbols around it. Along with the wand, the winner would also have received:

</doc>
<doc id="18396751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396751" title="Crouch, Virginia">
Crouch, Virginia

Crouch is an unincorporated community in King and Queen County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18396754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396754" title="Cumnor, Virginia">
Cumnor, Virginia

Cumnor is an unincorporated community in King and Queen County, Virginia, United States.
The Mattaponi Church was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="18396756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396756" title="Quaid-e-Azam Stadium">
Quaid-e-Azam Stadium

Quaid-e-Azam Stadium (aka Mirpur Cricket Stadium) a newly constructed cricket stadium in sector F/2 Mirpur, Azad Kashmir, Pakistan. It is the home of Azad Jammu & Kashmir cricket team. The stadium has a seating capacity of 16,000, making it the largest stadium in Azad Kashmir, Pakistan.
On 11 July 2008 Azad Jammu & Kashmir government handed over the Quaid-e-Azam Cricket Stadium to Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB) for holding national and international cricket matches in the stadium. The PCB announced it will be installing an electrical scoreboard, floodlights and all other required facilities for holding international and national one-day matches.

</doc>
<doc id="18396759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396759" title="Dahlgrens Corner, Virginia">
Dahlgrens Corner, Virginia

Dahlgrens Corner is an unincorporated community in King and Queen County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18396764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396764" title="Daisy, Virginia">
Daisy, Virginia

Daisy is an unincorporated community in King and Queen County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18396768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396768" title="Dragonville, Virginia">
Dragonville, Virginia

Dragonville is an unincorporated community in King and Queen County, Virginia, United States, named after the English hamlet of Dragonville, County Durham.

</doc>
<doc id="18396773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396773" title="Elsom, Virginia">
Elsom, Virginia

Elsom is an unincorporated community in King and Queen County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18396778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396778" title="Gressitt, Virginia">
Gressitt, Virginia

Gressitt is an unincorporated community in King and Queen County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18396785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396785" title="Helmet, Virginia">
Helmet, Virginia

Helmet is an unincorporated community in King and Queen County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18396788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396788" title="Henleys Fork, Virginia">
Henleys Fork, Virginia

Henleys Fork is an unincorporated community in King and Queen County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18396789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396789" title="Alfred Russell (boxer)">
Alfred Russell (boxer)

Alfred "Alf" Russell (25 January 1915 – 1966) was a British boxer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
In 1936 he was eliminated in the first round of the flyweight class after losing his fight to Asbjørn Berg-Hansen.

</doc>
<doc id="18396797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396797" title="Black Axe">
Black Axe

Black Axe is a comic book series published by Marvel UK in 1993. It was written by Simon Jowett, with pencils by Edmund Perryman and inks by Rodney Ramos. The series was cancelled abruptly after the seventh issue.
Publication history.
The title was published between April and October 1993 by Marvel Comics' British imprint Marvel UK.
Fictional character biography.
Black Axe is an immortal who has existed for the length of human history.

</doc>
<doc id="18396805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396805" title="She's Got a Reason">
She's Got a Reason

"She's Got a Reason" is a song by English punk rock band Dogs and is featured on their debut album, "Turn Against This Land". Released on February 21, 2005, it was the second single taken from the album and it charted in the UK Top 40 at #36.

</doc>
<doc id="18396806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396806" title="Aderet">
Aderet

Aderet can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18396810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396810" title="Hillsboro, King and Queen County, Virginia">
Hillsboro, King and Queen County, Virginia

Hillsboro is an unincorporated community in King and Queen County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18396814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396814" title="Hockley, King and Queen County, Virginia">
Hockley, King and Queen County, Virginia

Hockley is an unincorporated community in King and Queen County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18396815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396815" title="Yao Tingmei">
Yao Tingmei

Yao Tingmei (Yao T'ing-mei, traditional: 姚廷美, simplified: 姚廷美); was a Chinese landscape painter during the Yuan Dynasty (1271–1368). His specific dates of birth and death are not known.
Yao was born in Huzhou in the Zhejiang province. Yao's paintings of landscapes utilized profound and skilled strokes which following the style of Guo Xi.

</doc>
<doc id="18396816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396816" title="Croxall Lakes">
Croxall Lakes

Croxall Lakes is a nature reserve located between the villages of Croxall and Alrewas, Staffordshire, in the United Kingdom. The nature reserve comprises two lakes and grassland between them. The lakes were formed through the quarrying of sand and gravel deposits, these excavations subsequently flooded and were then restored to create the nature reserve. The site is managed by Staffordshire Wildlife Trust and owned by the National Forest Company. The reserve is an important stop off point for a wide variety of migrating birds due to its location at the meeting point of three rivers, the Trent, Tame and Mease.
Location.
Croxall Lakes is located between the villages of Alrewas and Croxall in the south east of the county of Staffordshire in the Midlands of England. The lakes lie directly to the east of the National Memorial Arboretum and adjacent to the confluence of the River Tame and River Mease with the River Trent.
The site owes its existence to its geology, which comprises Quaternary age deposits of sand and gravel, formed during the last Ice Age. Like many similar deposits in the Trent Valley floodplain these deposits have been excavated for use in industry. During the 1990s, the site was extensively quarried by Lafarge Aggregates, creating deep pits which subsequently flooded. During the early 2000s, quarry operations ceased and the site was bought by the National Forest Company to be restored and retained as a nature reserve. The lakes now lie at the southern edge of the National Forest and serve as a gateway into the Forest.
Features.
The reserve is in extent, centred on former sand and gravel workings. The reserve comprises two lakes split by an elevated main railway line carrying the Cross Country Route. The west side is dominated by an 11 hectare (27 acre) lake. The east side has lowland wet grassland, rushy pastures and mature trees surrounding the 2.7 hectare (6.7 acre) lake. Access is available from the car park at the southern end of the reserve, and there are hard pathways. On the lake shores are a variety of bird hides and screens.
On the north eastern shore of the western lake is a Noon Column. Erected in 2006 as part of the National Forest Company's LANDshapes project, the Noon Column was created by David Nash and is sculpted from English Oak. The sun will shine through the vertical slot for 10–15 minutes at 'true' noon on midsummer and midwinter's days, creating a line of light in the shadow cast by the column.
Wildlife.
The location of the lakes, at the meeting point of three rivers makes it an ideal stop off point for migrating birds. Different birds use the reserve at different times of the year. In winter ducks such as Mallard, Teal, Wigeon, Goldeneye and Shoveler are on the lake. In the early summer Lapwing, Oystercatcher, Redshank and Ringed Plover breed in the reserve. Other birds that may be on the reserve include the Short-eared owl, Skylark, Canada Goose and Song Thrush. Otters and Water Voles are amongst the mammals in the reserve.
The Staffordshire Wildlife Trust have undertaken a number of projects to restore the site as a wildlife haven. These works include excavation of scrapes for wading birds and the creation of shallows and reedbeds on the two main lakes providing cover and nesting areas for breeding birds. Parts of the banks have been re-profiled and the resulting soil deposited into the lake to make more shallows and larger reedbeds. The process is known as 'river braiding' and creates a diversity of river features with still pools, shallow riffles and gravel islands which helps to restore natural river processes and better wildlife habitat.
The River Mease which joins the River Trent at the eastern extent of the site is a Site of Special Scientific Interest due to its populations of otters, native white-clawed crayfish and spined loach.
Ownership and Management.
The reserve lies within the National Forest and is in the care of the Staffordshire Wildlife Trust. The National Forest Company bought the site from Lafarge in 2000 with financial assistance from Severn Trent Water and development works were funded by Staffordshire Environmental Fund, the Environment Agency and DEFRA.

</doc>
<doc id="18396818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396818" title="Indian Neck, Virginia">
Indian Neck, Virginia

Indian Neck is an unincorporated community in King and Queen County, Virginia, United States.
Indian Neck is also home to rap group Neck Productions
Indian Neck is also home to the Rappahannock tribe of Algonquin Native Americans, who incorporated in 1921 and achieved recognition as a tribe from the Commonwealth of Virginia in 1983, but do not yet have Federal recognition.

</doc>
<doc id="18396820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396820" title="The Baggy's Rehearsal Sessions">
The Baggy's Rehearsal Sessions

"The Baggy's Rehearsal Sessions" is a posthumous compilation album by Jimi Hendrix, released on June 25, 2002 by Dagger Records. The album contains recordings from two rehearsal sessions (on December 18 and 19, 1969) for the Band of Gypsys' performances at the Fillmore East on December 31, 1969 and January 1, 1970.
Track listing.
All songs were written by Jimi Hendrix, except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="18396827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396827" title="Everholm Stadium">
Everholm Stadium

Everholm Stadium is an athletics and football stadium in Annan, Dumfries and Galloway. It was the home ground of Gretna F.C. 2008 for most of the 2008–09 season, although the club's management stated their desire to move the club to Raydale Park in Gretna, home to the club's defunct predecessor Gretna F.C. Galabank, the ground of Annan Athletic, the team who replaced Gretna in the Scottish Football League, is just a few hundred metres from Everholm.
Late in the 2008–09 season, the new owners of Raydale Park allowed Gretna 2008 to play their home games there.

</doc>
<doc id="18396829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396829" title="St. Blaise High School">
St. Blaise High School

St. Blaise is a co-educational high school founded in 1879 and is run by the Roman Catholic parish of St. Blaise, Amboli in the Indian state of Maharashtra. The Secondary school is recognized by the Government of Maharashtra and the Primary school is recognized by the Municipal Corporation of Greater Mumbai. The School prepares students of Standard ten for the Secondary School Leaving Certificate examinations conducted by the Maharashtra State Board of Secondary and Higher Secondary Education. Students are also prepared for Governmental Drawing Examinations, Hindi and Marathi Public Examinations.
Campus.
The campus of the school is around 400 meters long. It has a hockey ground and a football ground with a stage for celebrating the school's Annual Day, as well as a small canteen. St. Blaise Church stands next to the school.
Diamond jubilee.
St. Blaise High School celebrated its diamond jubilee in 1954.
Former Principals.
Sr. Mary
School Activities.
The house system.
The students are divided into Four Houses and all activities are conducted by House. Prefects are chosen from the topmost classes to help maintain discipline. The prefects meet once a month.
Competitions.
Elocution in English, Hindi, Marathi, Dramatics, Singing, Debating, Arts and Crafts, Handwriting, General Knowledge, Rangoli and Dance.
Games.
Football, Cricket, Hockey, Volleyball, Throw Ball, Table Tennis, Boxing, Wrestling, Carom, Chess.
Activities.
Scouting, Guiding and Social Service Each student from Std. VIII to X must take part in one of these activities. The School provides a Library and a reading room.
Tours.
Excursion Leadership Camps are organized from time to time.

</doc>
<doc id="18396840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396840" title="Erkki Savolainen">
Erkki Savolainen

Erkki Olavi Savolainen (August 21, 1917 in Helsinki – December 26, 1993 in Helsinki) was a Finnish boxer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
In 1936 he was eliminated in the first round of the flyweight class after losing his fight to Chiyoto Nakano.

</doc>
<doc id="18396859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396859" title="EXo Platform">
EXo Platform

eXo Platform is an open source, standard-based, Enterprise Social Platform written in Java and distributed under the GNU Lesser General Public License.
History.
eXo Platform started in 2002 as an implementation of the JSR168 - Portlet API specification. Several introduction articles were then published between 2003 and 2005 on TheServerSide Java news website. As a side effect, the eXo Platform Project grew into a company - eXo - in 2003, as a response to a customer demand, the U.S. Department of Defense (United States Joint Forces Command).
Late 2005, eXo Platform v2 was released. In 2006 eXo introduced the WebOS concept where an Enterprise Portal Layout could reproduce a Desktop UI.
In 2009, eXo and Red Hat partnered to create GateIn Portal Framework a portal framework. GateIn is used in eXo Platform since version 3.0.
In 2010, eXo raised 4MEUR to create an Open Source Social Platform and grow internationally.
In February 2013, eXo made a Spin Off - Codenvy - to target the Cloud IDE market.
In May 2013, the 4th and current version of eXo Platform was introduced with a strong focus on Social Network and Social Integration capabilities. Gartner, Lecko and other analyst firms have written about the software. By December 2013, eXo went further in its evolution to a social enterprise platform and launched a cloud based intranet offer.
eXo is a global company, with U.S. headquarters in San Francisco, California, global headquarters in France, and offices in Tunisia and Vietnam and employs 125 eXoers.

</doc>
<doc id="18396860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396860" title="Ino, Virginia">
Ino, Virginia

Ino is an unincorporated community in King and Queen County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18396861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396861" title="Dagger Records">
Dagger Records

Dagger Records is an American record label based in Seattle, Washington. Dagger produces and releases, in conjunction with Experience Hendrix, L.L.C. and MCA Records, official Jimi Hendrix bootlegs and collections of rare studio recordings.
The first Dagger release was "Live at the Oakland Coliseum", a live album documenting The Jimi Hendrix Experience's performance at the Oakland Coliseum, Oakland, California on April 27, 1969. The label has released eleven albums, one every year (except 2007 and 2010). Dagger releases are not distributed to retail outlets, they are only available by ordering online from the company themselves or Authentic Hendrix.

</doc>
<doc id="18396862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396862" title="Little Plymouth, Virginia">
Little Plymouth, Virginia

Little Plymouth is an unincorporated community in King and Queen County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18396864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396864" title="William of Nassau (1620–1679)">
William of Nassau (1620–1679)

Jonker Willem van Nassau (c.1620 - 21 June 1679, The Hague) was an illegitimate son of William of Nassau and Barbara Cox. His father was himself the illegitimate son of Prince Maurice. In 1657 he served as a soldier. Four years later he was a chamberlain. Around 1650 he married Geertruijt Hendriks Mulder; no children from this marriage are known.
References.
1. Reinildis van Ditzhuyzen, Oranje-Nassau: Een biografisch woordenboek, Haarlem 2004, 269

</doc>
<doc id="18396865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396865" title="Tuned to a Different Station">
Tuned to a Different Station

"Tuned to a Different Station" is a song by English punk rock band Dogs and is featured on their debut album, "Turn Against This Land". Released on May 2, 2005, it was the third single taken from the album and it charted in the UK Top 40 at #29. 
Media appearances.
The song appears on the soundtrack for the 2005 video game "Burnout Revenge'

</doc>
<doc id="18396878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396878" title="Log Landing, Virginia">
Log Landing, Virginia

Log Landing is an unincorporated community in King and Queen County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18396882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396882" title="Mantapike, Virginia">
Mantapike, Virginia

Mantapike is an unincorporated community in King and Queen County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18396886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396886" title="Mehtab Bagh">
Mehtab Bagh

Mehtab Bagh (, , translation: "Moonlight Garden") is a charbagh complex located in Agra, North India. It is situated north of the Taj Mahal complex and the Agra Fort on the opposite side of the Yamuna River, in the flood plains. The garden complex, square in shape, measures about and is perfectly aligned with the Taj Mahal on the opposite bank. During the rainy season, the ground becomes partially flooded.
History.
The Mehtab Bagh garden was the last of eleven Mughal-built gardens along the Yamuna opposite the Taj and the Agra Fort; the first being Ram Bagh. It is mentioned that this garden was built by Emperor Babur (d. 1530). It is also noted that Emperor Shah Jahan had identified a site from the crescent-shaped, grass covered floodplain across the Yamuna River as an ideal location for viewing the Taj. It was then created as "a moonlit pleasure garden called Mehtab Bagh." White plaster walkways, airy pavilions, pools and fountains were also created as part of the garden, with fruit trees and "narcissus". The garden was designed as an integral part of the Taj complex in the riverfront terrace pattern. Its width was identical to that of the rest of the Taj. Legends attributed to the travelogue of the 17th century French traveler Jean Baptiste Tavernier) mention the wish of Shah Jahan to building a black marble mausoleum for himself, as a twin to the Taj; however, this could not be achieved as he was imprisoned by his son Aurangzeb. This myth had been further fueled in 1871 by a British archaeologist, A.C.L. Carlleyle, who, while discovering the remnants of an old pond at the site had mistaken it for the foundation of the fabled structure. Thus, Carlleyle became the first researcher to notice structural remains at the site, albeit blackened by moss and lichen. Mehtab Bagh was later owned by Raja Man Singh Kacchawa of Amber, who also owned the land around the Taj Mahal
Frequent floods and villagers extracting building materials nearly ruined the garden. Remaining structures within the garden were in a ruinous state. By the 1990s, the garden's existence was almost forgotten and had degraded to little more than a massive mound of sand, covered with wild vegetation and alluvial silts.
Site plan.
Inscriptions on the site of Mehtab Bagh mention that its adjoins other gardens to the west; these are called "Chahar Bagh Padshahi" and "Second Chahar Bagh Padshahi". A compound wall surrounded the garden; it was made of brick, lime plaster, and red sand-stone cladding. Measuring about in length, the river wall is partially intact. Built on platforms, there were domed towers of red sand-stone in an octagonal shape, which may have been situated on the corners. A wide pathway made of brick edged the western boundary of the grounds, covering the remains of the boundary wall to the west. Near the entrance is a small Dalit shrine on the riverside. Of the four sandstone towers, which marked the corners of the garden, only the one on the south-east remains. A large octagonal pond on the southern periphery reflects the image of the Mausoleum. There is a small central tank on the eastern side. Water channels enrich the landscape and there are baradaris on the east and west. There is a gate at the northern wall. The foundations of two structures remain immediately north and south of the large pond which were probably garden pavilions. From the northern structure a stepped waterfall would have fed the pool. The garden to the north has the typical square, cross-axial plan with a square pool in its centre. To the west, an aqueduct fed the garden. Other structures which are not in keeping with the original landscape plan include nurseries owned by private individuals, a temple in place of a gazebo, an odd statue of B. R. Ambedkar holding the Constitution of India in the courtyard, and relics of a water supply network to the park.
Restoration.
Restoration of the Mehtab Bagh began after the ASI survey, setting new standards for Mughal garden research. This included a surface survey, historical documentation, paleo-botanical assessment, archaeological excavation techniques, and requirements coordination with the Ministries of culture, tourism, and planning. Restoration began in the 1990s, aided by the Americans, during which barbed wire fencing was added to the Mehtab Bagh site.
The garden's original ambiance was restored as ASI insisted on having plants that the Mughals had used in their gardens. Though the National Environment Engineering Research Institute (NEERI) had suggested planting of 25 pollution-mitigating plant species every in the proposed renovation of the garden, this was opposed by the ASI. The Supreme Court intervened in the matter in favour of ASI who wanted the garden to only have plants that the Mughals used in their gardens. 
A common list of plants was suggested. ASI landscape artists meticulously planned the replanting of trees, plants and herbage to match with the original Mughal gardens, replicating the riverside gardens brought to India from Central Asia in Shalimar Bagh in Kashmir. Some 81 plants adopted in Mughal horticulture were planted, including guava, maulshri, kaner, hibiscus, citrus fruit plants, neem, bauhinia, ashoka and jamun. The herbage was planted in such a way that tall trees follow the short ones, then shrubs, and lastly flowering plants. Some of these plants produce bright coloured flowers which shine in the moonlight. The park has been reconstructed to its original grandeur and has now become a very good location to view the Taj Mahal.
Archaeology.
Archaeological excavations in the Mehtab Bagh site have been described as "setting new archaeological standards for Mughal garden research", using paleobotanical and excavations techniques. Excavations to the extent of 90,000 cubic metres of earth, were carried out by the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI), in 1994. The excavations unearthed a large octagonal shaped tank with 25 fountains, and a garden, divided into four compartments. Mumtaz Mahal's tomb was found to be situated halfway between the Taj Mahal complex's main entrance and the ends of the Mehtab Bagh site. This is corroborated by a letter from Aurangzeb addressed to Shah jahan in which he referred to the condition of the garden after the flood event in 1652 AD.

</doc>
<doc id="18396890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396890" title="Mascot, Virginia">
Mascot, Virginia

Mascot is an unincorporated community in King and Queen County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18396895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396895" title="Yang Weizhen">
Yang Weizhen

Yáng Wéizhēn (Yang Wei-chen, traditional: 楊維楨, simplified: 杨维桢); ca. (1296 – 1370) was a Chinese painter and calligrapher during the Yuan Dynasty (1271–1368).
Yang was born in the Zhejiang province. His style name was 'Lianfu' and his sobriquet was 'Tieya'. Yang's reputation for calligraphy was well known, incorporating a purity and strength into his works.

</doc>
<doc id="18396909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396909" title="2008 Little League World Series qualification">
2008 Little League World Series qualification

Qualification for the 2008 Little League World Series took place in eight United States regions and eight international regions in July and August 2008.
One change from the 2007 Qualification is the realignment of the former EMEA (Europe, Middle East, and Africa) and Transatlantic regions. Instead of the aforementioned regions (which chiefly were divided by native-born players and US/Canadian/Japanese expatriates, respectively), teams will now be entered by geography: one for Europe, another for the Middle East and Africa, with both native-born and children of expatriates on the same team from a given country.
United States.
Midwest.
Note: The Dakotas are organized into a single Little League district, which was won by a South Dakota team.

</doc>
<doc id="18396918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396918" title="Mattaponi, Virginia">
Mattaponi, Virginia

Mattaponi is an unincorporated community in King and Queen County, Virginia, United States. The main roads in Mattaponi are U.S. Route 301 and Virginia Secondary Route 601.

</doc>
<doc id="18396923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396923" title="Conomor">
Conomor

Conomor (fl. c. 540+), also known as Conomerus or Conomor the Cursed, was an early medieval ruler of Brittany. His name, which has the Welsh cognate Cynfawr, means "Great Dog", but could also indicate "Sea Dog" in early Brythonic. Conomor was notorious for his cruelty, becoming a legendary villain in Breton culture. He is widely regarded as one of the probable sources for the myth of Bluebeard and possibly also of Tristan's uncle King Mark of Cornwall. The wife-beating giant Cormoran may also retain a garbled folk memory of the same character.
Conomor was king of Domnonée, and Prince of Poher; Domnonée was, at this time, expanding to claim control over all Brythonic territory in Armorica (Brittany). It is difficult to disentangle the Conomor of legend from the historical ruler. As with other early Breton rulers most written information about him comes from the lives of Breton saints.
Historical record.
He is first mentioned in the "Historia Francorum" by Gregory of Tours as a mid-6th century Breton count involved in conflicts between the Breton count Chanao and his brother Macliau, as well as that between the Frankish king Clothar I and his son Chramm:
He is listed as "prefectus du roi des Francs" in the life of Saint Tugdual and in the life of Saint Paul Aurelian he is called ruler of "different peoples of four languages", which may suggest that his territory included both Brittany and Cornwall. Conomor is said to been count of Carhaix and to have become king by murdering his predecessor Jonas. He married Jonas' widow, but she later fled from him to seek asylum in the Frankish court with her son Judael. He is later said to have come into conflict with Waroch, count of Vannes, whose daughter Tréphine he had married after his first wife's death. In unclear circumstances he is said to have murdered Tréphine and later his son by her, Trémeur. Conomor is mentioned in Cornish genealogies, and may have established himself in Brittany after a youth in Cornwall, i.e. Dumnonia.
Eventually the local bishops were persuaded by Saint Samson to excommunicate Conomor. Samson also prevailed on the Frankish king Childebert I to abandon his support for Conomor as protector of the English channel and to release Judael. Judael gathered an army supported by Childebert's brother Chlothar I and killed Conomor in a battle in the Monts d'Arrée near Le Relecq, Plounéour-Ménez, which is named from the relics of the victims.
The Tristan Stone near Fowey records the burial of a 'Drustanus son of Conomorius' - see below.
The Cynfawr (Conomor) of medieval Welsh tradition is probably unrelated. An obscure figure with the epithet ""Cadgaddug"" ("Battle-winner"), he appears in the genealogies and one of the Welsh Triads as a descendant of Coel Hen from the Hen Ogledd. It is also unclear whether Cornish evidence points to the same individual as the Breton leader, or to an earlier relative with the same name.
In legend.
Myth of Tréphine and Trémeur.
In legend Conomor's villainy is extended to include the murders of three wives before Tréphine. Tréphine refuses to marry him because of his reputation, but when he threatens to invade her father's lands she agrees, to spare the lives of her father's people. While Conomor is away Tréphine finds a secret room containing relics of the deceased wives. She prays for their souls, and their ghosts appear to her warning her that Conomor will kill her if she becomes pregnant, since a prophecy states that he will be killed by his own son. When he returns he discovers that she is pregnant. Tréphine escapes with magical aid from the dead wives and gives birth in a forest. She hides her son before Conomor catches her and beheads her. However Saint Gildas finds her and miraculously restores her to life. She and her son both live lives of saintly retirement, but after Tréphine's death Conomor eventually finds Trémeur and kills him.
Both Tréphine and her son Trémeur are deemed saints in Brittany, and there are many churches dedicated to them. The village of Sainte-Tréphine is named for the former. It has been suggested that the story of Bluebeard derives from this myth.
Myth of Tristan.
An inscription in Cornwall which includes the names of Conomor and Tristan has led to the suggestion that Conomor is the origin of the figure of King Mark in the Tristan legend. It states ""Drustanus hic jacit cunomori filius"" (here lies Tristan, son of Conomor). The historian Léon Fleuriot argues that Conomor probably held sway in both Britain and Brittany:
He is often presented as a vassal of Childebert: a praefectus, said the Chronicle of Saint Brieuc: "Comorus tyrannus, praefectus Francorum regis." Comonor appears to have been a Britto-Roman. The Life of St. Paul refers to "king Marc", or princeps Marc, or, in his full name, Marcus Quonomorius.
The writer Jean Markale developed this argument, suggesting that the Tristan legend originated in Ireland, but that the names of the characters derive from actual people in Cornish history whose lives involved "the rivalry of a father and son for the same woman", the father being Conomor/Mark and the son Tristan. However, it has also been argued that this Cornish Conomor was probably the Breton leader's great grandfather.

</doc>
<doc id="18396927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396927" title="Narragansett Turkey">
Narragansett Turkey

The Narragansett Turkey is a breed of "Meleagris gallopavo" which descends from a cross between the Eastern Wild Turkey ("Meleagris gallopavo silvestris") and the domestic turkey. According to the American Livestock Breeds Conservancy, the Narragansett Turkey is a "historic variety, unique to North America" and is named for Narragansett Bay.
Characteristics.
The Narragansett has plumage with black, gray, tan, and white feathers. It resembles the Bronze Turkey but has feathers of gray or dull black replacing the Bronze Turkey's distinctive coppery coloring. The Narragansett sometimes has bars of white feathers on its wings due to a genetic mutation not found outside the United States. It has a black beard, a horn-colored beak, and a mostly featherless head and neck which range in color from red to blueish white.
The breed is prized for its excellent temperament combining a calm disposition with good maternal abilities. They mature early, are good egg producers, have excellent quality meat, and "when kept at liberty, (it) doesn't wander too far from home". Improved over generations through selective breeding, young Narragansett Turkey toms weigh 22-28 pounds and hens weigh 12-16 pounds. They can run quickly, fly well, and prefer to spend their nights roosting in trees.
History.
While never as popular as the Bronze Turkey, this breed was still valued for commercial agriculture across the United States. According to an account from the early 1870s, flocks of up to two hundred birds were common. Narragansett Turkeys were successful at foraging for crickets, grasshoppers and other insects, and could be maintained with little supplemental feed.
Narragansett Turkey became the foundation of the turkey industry in New England and was especially important in Rhode Island and Connecticut. It was also popular in the Mid-Atlantic States and the Midwest. This breed was recognized by the American Poultry Association in 1874.
In the early 20th century, the popularity of the Bronze Turkey grew even more and the Narragansett Turkey soon became a rarity. It was not commercially cultivated for many decades until the early 21st century when a growing niche market was established for consumers with a "renewed interest in the biological fitness, survivability, and superior flavor" of the Narragansett.
Varieties.
A fancy variety known as the Silver Narragansett was developed with white plumage replacing the tan and gray. Never accepted by the American Poultry Association and very rare, Silver Narragansett sports still occasionally appear in flocks of more typically colored birds.

</doc>
<doc id="18396940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396940" title="Emeril Green">
Emeril Green

Emeril Green is a program on Planet Green hosted by Emeril Lagasse.
The series is set in Whole Foods Market, where Chef Lagasse and the store’s team help average people shop for the freshest ingredients while explaining the benefits of organic, locally grown and seasonal produce. After shopping for ingredients, Chef Lagasse prepares a meal with each individual that demonstrates the ease of using organic and locally grown foods in everyday meals. In a few episodes, Emeril consults health experts to tackle the challenge of using fresh ingredients in recipes that are designed to address specific dietary needs such as diabetes and weight management.
"Emeril Green" is produced for Planet Green by Karen Katz, longtime executive producer of "Emeril Live" with her production company, After Five Productions. "Emeril Green" is produced in association with Discovery Studios. Christine Weber is executive producer for Discovery Studios. Howard Lee is vice president of production and Lisa Caruso is executive producer for Planet Green.

</doc>
<doc id="18396941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396941" title="Selfish Ways">
Selfish Ways

"Selfish Ways" is a song by English punk rock band Dogs and is featured on their debut album, "Turn Against This Land". Released on July 18, 2005, it was the fourth single taken from the album.

</doc>
<doc id="18396942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396942" title="Minor, Virginia">
Minor, Virginia

Minor is an unincorporated community in King and Queen County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18396944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396944" title="Drukgyegang">
Drukgyegang

Drukgyegang is a village in south-western Bhutan. It is located in Dagana District.
Population 552 (2005 census).

</doc>
<doc id="18396949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396949" title="Newtown, King and Queen County, Virginia">
Newtown, King and Queen County, Virginia

Newtown is an unincorporated community in King and Queen County, Virginia, United States.
The Newtown Historic District and Providence Plantation and Farm are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="18396953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396953" title="Owenton, Virginia">
Owenton, Virginia

Owenton is an unincorporated community in King and Queen County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18396968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396968" title="Plain View, King and Queen County, Virginia">
Plain View, King and Queen County, Virginia

Plain View is an unincorporated community in King and Queen County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18396977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396977" title="Chiyoto Nakano">
Chiyoto Nakano

Chiyoto Nakano (; born February 7, 1913) is a Japanese boxer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
In 1936 he was eliminated in the second round of the flyweight class after losing his fight to Alfredo Carlomagno.

</doc>
<doc id="18396990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396990" title="Powcan, Virginia">
Powcan, Virginia

Powcan is an unincorporated community in King and Queen County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18396993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396993" title="Rickahock, Virginia">
Rickahock, Virginia

Rickahock is an unincorporated community in King and Queen County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18396994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18396994" title="Roane, Virginia">
Roane, Virginia

Roane is an unincorporated community in King and Queen County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18397011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397011" title="Salvia, Virginia">
Salvia, Virginia

Salvia is an unincorporated community in King and Queen County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18397012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397012" title="Duksum">
Duksum

Duksum is a village in north-eastern Bhutan. It is located in Trashigang District.
Population 283 (2005 census).

</doc>
<doc id="18397015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397015" title="Shacklefords Fork, Virginia">
Shacklefords Fork, Virginia

Shacklefords Fork is an unincorporated community in King and Queen County, Virginia, United States. The community takes its name from the Shackleford family of Shacklefords, Virginia, nearby in King and Queen County.

</doc>
<doc id="18397026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397026" title="Venetia Kapernekas">
Venetia Kapernekas

Venetia Kapernekas, full name: Venetia Kapernekas, (b. Athens, Greece) is a contemporary art galerist.
Biography.
Kapernekas has been a part of the international contemporary art scene for the last 20 years as a galerist, collector, and supporter of the arts community in New York City and abroad. 
She discovered her love for art while completing her BA in Political Science, with minors in Art History and Social Science, from the UCB, University of California at Berkeley. She then received her MFA in filmmaking and visual studies from san Francisco State University, San Francisco, California. 
She began her career in the arts as an assistant director at the Pascal de Sarthe Gallery in San Francisco in the mid eighties. In the early 90s, she returned to Europe and established the Ice Box a gallery space in her native city of Athens, which maintained a rigorous program exhibiting an intense and diverse selection of national and international artists from New York, Berlin, London and Los Angeles. In 1998 she returned to New York City, where she established a project space on West 26th street. In 2005 she entered into a partnership and collaborated on curating a series of exhibitions. Soon after she realized an pursued her own vision with the Venetia Kapernekas Ltd gallery from 2006-2009, introducing a challenging series of projects, exhibiting innovative young contemporary artists working in a diverse range of media, often pushing the boundaries of traditional modes and concepts of art making. Since the Spring of 2009 she has redirected her professional efforts towards art consultation, curatorial projects and education. In 2011 she moved to Munich, where she is now involved in the art community (Kunstverein München, Haus der Kunst- Gesellschaft der Freunde, Pinakothek der Moderne) as well as in Berlin (International Council Museum Berggruen, Freund der Nationalgalerie). 
Kapernekas is an active member of committees of non-profit art organizations and museums in New York, such as, the Museum of Modern Art, Whitney Museum of American Art, and the New Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="18397029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397029" title="Shanghai, Virginia">
Shanghai, Virginia

Shanghai is an unincorporated community in King and Queen County, Virginia, United States.
The Upper Church, Stratton Major Parish was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="18397032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397032" title="Snow Hill, Virginia">
Snow Hill, Virginia

Snow Hill is an unincorporated community in King and Queen County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18397033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397033" title="Stevensville, Virginia">
Stevensville, Virginia

Stevensville is an unincorporated community in King and Queen County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18397038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397038" title="Truhart, Virginia">
Truhart, Virginia

Truhart is an unincorporated community in King and Queen County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18397041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397041" title="Velma, Virginia">
Velma, Virginia

Velma is an unincorporated community in King and Queen County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18397047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397047" title="Walkerton, Virginia">
Walkerton, Virginia

Walkerton is an unincorporated community in King and Queen County, Virginia, United States.
Fort Mattapony, Hillsborough, and Northbank are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Climate.
The climate in this area is characterized by hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. According to the Köppen Climate Classification system, Walkerton has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

</doc>
<doc id="18397054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397054" title="Whitehall, Virginia">
Whitehall, Virginia

Whitehall is an unincorporated community in King and Queen County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18397062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397062" title="Syro-Malankara Catholic Major Archeparchy of Trivandrum">
Syro-Malankara Catholic Major Archeparchy of Trivandrum

The Syro-Malankara Catholic Major Archeparchy of Trivandrum is a Major Archdiocese of the Syro-Malankara Catholic Church in Trivandrum, India. His Beatitude Moran Mor Baselios Cardinal Cleemis, the Major Archbishop-Catholicos of the Syro-Malankara Catholic Church, currently presides the Major Archdiocese. The seat is at St. Mary's Malankara Syrian Catholic Cathedral, Pattom, Trivandrum.
History.
The Archeparchy of Trivandrum was erected in 1932. Its suffragan eparchies and exarchies are those of Marthandom, Mavelikara, Pathanamthitta, and Exarchate of the United States.
Current bishops.
The Metropolitan of Trivandrum is Moran Mor Baselios Cleemis, Major Archbishop of Trivandrum and Catholicos of the Syro-Malankara Catholic Church, appointed in 2007. Auxiliary Bishops Aboon Mor Samuel Irenios Kattukallil and Aboon Mor Thomas Antonios Valiyavilayil, O.I.C. were appointed in 2010.
Statistics.
As of 2008, the archeparchy has an estimated 250,477 faithful, in 104 parishes, with 190 diocesan priests, 64 religious priests, 142 religious brothers, 721 religious sisters, and 89 seminarians.

</doc>
<doc id="18397067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397067" title="Tarred and Feathered">
Tarred and Feathered

"Tarred and Feathered" is a song by English punk rock band Dogs and is featured on their debut album, "Turn Against This Land". Released on November 28, 2005, it was the fifth and final single taken from the album.

</doc>
<doc id="18397074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397074" title="Hector Roy Mackenzie">
Hector Roy Mackenzie

Hector Roy Mackenzie of Gairloch (died 1528) was a prominent member of the Mackenzie clan, who acquired vast estates in and around Gairloch as a result of his services to the Scottish crown and challenged his nephew for the chiefship of the clan.
Origins.
Hector was the son of Alexander Mackenzie, chief of the clan, by his second wife Margaret Macdonald, the daughter of Roderick Macdonald of Clanranald, 3rd of Moidart.
Tutor of Kintail.
Following Alexander Mackenzie’s death in 1488, Hector’s half-brother Kenneth succeeded to the chiefship. Kenneth died in 1491 and was succeeded by his son, Kenneth Og, to whom Hector was appointed to act as Tutor. Kenneth Og is thought to have died in 1497 and, on his death, the succession to the chiefship became uncertain. The elder Kenneth had had another son, John, by Agnes Fraser, the daughter of Lord Lovat, but their union had been irregular and John was widely regarded as illegitimate. Hector was appointed to act as John’s Tutor, but had higher ambitions.
Acquisition of Gairloch and other estates.
It is clear that Hector had by then already acquired at least a paper title to a large estate. When the Lords of the Association, a factious party of the nobility, took up arms against James III, Alexander of Kintail despatched his sons, Kenneth and Hector, with a retinue of 500, to join the Royal standard; but Kenneth, hearing of the death of his father on his arrival at Perth,returned home at the request of the Earl of Huntly; and the clan was led by Hector Roy to the battle of Sauchieburn, near Stirling. After the defeat of the Royal forces, and the death there in 1488 of the King himself, Hector, who narrowly escaped, returned to Ross-shire and took the stronghold of Redcastle, then held for the rebels by Rose of Kilravock, and placed a garrison in it. He then joined the Earl of Huntly and the clans in the north who were rising to avenge the death of His Majesty but meanwhile orders came from the youthful King James IV, who had been at the head of the conspirators, ordering the Northern chiefs to lay down their arms, and to submit to the powers that be.
Upon Hector’s submission to James IV, according to a manuscript history of the Gairloch family, he was:
James I had granted Gairloch on 1430 to Neil Macleod and, although Hector was in possession of Crown charters to at least two-thirds of the lands of Gairloch, he found it very difficult to secure possession of them from the Macleods and their chieftain, Allan MacRory. Allan had married, as his first wife, a daughter of Alexander Mackenzie of Kintail and sister of Hector Roy, with issue - three sons. He married, secondly, a daughter of Roderick Macleod of Lewis, with issue - one son, also Roderick.
Two brothers of Macleod of Lewis are said, traditionally, to have resolved that no Mackenzie blood should flow in the veins of the future head of the Gairloch Macleods, and decided to put Allan's children by Hector Roy's sister to death, so that his son by their own niece should succeed to Gairloch. Crossing over the mainland, they killed Allan and two of his three sons by Hector Roy’s sister. Hector Roy started immediately, carrying the bloodstained shirts of his nephews along with him as evidence, to report the murder to the King at Edinburgh. The king, on hearing of the crime, granted Hector a commission of fire and sword against the murderers of his nephews, and gave him a Crown charter to the lands of Gairloch in his own favour dated 1494. The assassins were soon afterwards slain at a hollow between Port Henderson and South Erradale, nearly opposite the northern end of the Island of Raasay.
Hector’s legal ownership of Gairloch is confirmed by a deed made by John De Vaux, Sheriff of Inverness, dated 10 December 1494, and his ownership of Brahan and Moy by a precept issued by the King on 5 March 1508.
Dispute with the chief.
A dispute arose between Hector and his nephew, the putative new clan chief, John Mackenzie of Killin. The dispute probably related, at least in part, to Hector's rights to the half of Kintail, which his father is said to have left him jointly with his eldest brother, Kenneth (John’s father). Hector declared John illegitimate, and held possession of the estates for himself; and the whole clan submitted to his rule.
In 1499, George, Earl of Huntly, then the King's Lieutenant, granted warrant to Duncan Mackintosh of Mackintosh, John Grant of Freuchie, and other leaders, with three thousand men, to pass against the Clan Mackenzie, "the King's rebels," for the slaughter of Harold of Chisholm, dwelling in Strathglass, "and for divers other heirschips, slaughters, spuilzies, committed on the King's poor lieges and tenants in the Lordship of Ardmeanoch”, but the warrant appears not to have been effectively executed.
Hector and his nephew eventually came to terms (according to the traditional account, after John had surrounded and set fire to Hector’s house in Fairburn).
The story of Hector’s dispute with his nephew is recounted both by the Earl of Cromartie and (in the Ardintoul manuscript) by the Reverend John Macrae (died 1704). It is also supported by Gregory’s "History of the Western Highlands and Isles of Scotland", which states that:
Hector kept possession of Eilean Donan Castle until compelled by an order from the Privy Council to give it up in 1511 to John, and it appears from the records of the Privy Council that from 1501 to 1508 Hector continued to collect the rents of Kintail without giving any account of them; that he again in 1509 accounted for them for twelve months, and for the two succeeding years for the second time retained them, while he seems to have had undisturbed possession of the stronghold of Eilean Donan throughout. No record can be found of his answer to the summons commanding him to appear before the Privy Council, if he ever did put in an appearance, but in all probability he merely kept his hold of that Castle in order to compel his nephew to come to terms with him regarding his joint rights to Kintail, without any intention of ultimately keeping him out of possession.
This view is strengthened by the fact that John obtained a charter under the Great Seal granting him Kintail anew on 25 February 1508-9 – the same year in which Hector received a grant of Brahan and Moy – probably following on an arrangement of their respective rights in those districts; also from the fact that Hector does not appear to have fallen into any disfavour with the Crown on account of his conduct towards John: only two years after Killin raised the action against Hector before the Privy Council, the latter receives a new charter, dated the 8th April, 1513, under the Great Seal, of Gairloch, Glasletter, and Coirre-nan-Cuilean "in feu and heritage for ever," and he and his nephew appear ever after to have lived on friendly terms.
Later years.
In acknowledgment of the King's favour, Hector gathered his followers in the west, joined his nephew, John of Killin, with his vassals, and fought, in command of the clan, at the disastrous battle of Flodden Field, from which both narrowly escaped but most of their followers were slain.
Hector Roy died in 1528. On the 8th of September in that year, a grant is recorded to Sir John Dingwall, "Provost of Trinity College, beside Edinburgh, of the ward of the lands of Gairloch, which pertained to the umquhile Achinroy Mackenzie." 
Family and posterity.
Hector Roy was betrothed to a daughter of the Laird of Grant - probably Sir Duncan, who flourished from 1434 to 1485 - but she died before the marriage was solemnised. He, however, had a son by her called Hector Cam, he being blind of an eye, to whom he gave Achterneed and Castle Leod, as his patrimony. Hector Cam married a daughter of Mackay of Farr, ancestor of Lord Reay, by whom he had two sons Alexander Roy and Murdo. 
Hector Roy, after the death of Grant of Grant's daughter, married his cousin Anne, daughter of Ranald MacRanald, generally known as Ranald Ban Macdonald of Moidart and Clanranald. Anne had previously been married to MacLeod chief William Dubh MacLeod of Harris and Dunvegan. Hector Roy and Anne had four sons – John “Glassich” Mackenzie (his heir), Kenneth, John “Tuach” and Dougal Roy – and three daughters who married respectively, Bayne of Tulloch, John Aberach Mackay, and Hugh Bayne Fraser of Bunchrew, a natural son of Thomas, Lord Lovat, killed at Blar-na-Leine and ancestor of the Frasers of Reelick.
The lands of Gairloch are still owned by Hector Roy's descendants, over 500 years after they were acquired.
References.
This article includes text from Alexander Mackenzie's "History of the Mackenzies" (Inverness, 1894), which is no longer in copyright.

</doc>
<doc id="18397075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397075" title="Aderet (singer)">
Aderet (singer)

Aderet is a transsexual Israeli entertainer who performs pop and dance tracks. Her music is heavily influenced by Trance and House music.
In 2001, "Le'at Uvatuah" ("Slowly and Surely") from her debut album "The Answer" made radio rotation. The English version of her 2006 album "Tenth Floor" is called "Survival Nation". Her 2008 single "Say No More" became a hit in Lebanon following rotation on "Beirut Nights," a Lebanese Internet radio station devoted to dance music. Aderet's first English-language album, "Jewish Girl", was released in 2008.
Her two pop Hebrew pop albums, "Tenth Floor" and "Without the Evil Eye", were released in Israel between 2001 and 2005. Nowadays she works closely with other Israeli DJs for the third album named "Jewish Girl", Part 1 of that album released in January 2012.
Four English singles from the new album became big hits at clubs and on the charts of radio stations in Israel and three of them got into the playlist of certain radio on the internet in Lebanon.
The remix of the last club hit "Say No More" became the best trance song in that radio. (D.j Dvir Halevi produced that remix). From "Good morning America" on Channel CNN ": "An Israeli singer is breaking boundaries. Her hit song not only topping the charts of Israel but also in nearby Lebanon. But there's a real twist to this unlikely new ambassador for peace".
Aderet's albums distributed to: iTunes Mexico, Amazon MP3, iTunes U.S., iTunes Australia/N.Z., Amazon On Demand, iTunes Canada, eMusic, iTunes UK/European Union, iTunes Japan, iTunes Latin America (incl. Brazil), VerveLife, Rhapsody, MySpace Music, Zune, MediaNet, Spotify, Nokia
Since January 2012, Aderet has a radio show named "Jacuzzi" ( The only Pop Club Israeli magazine) at Allforpeace radio every Thursday at 6:00 pm and Saturday at 9:00 pm (ISR)
Aderet participated on the girls dj festival 2012 and got into the TOP20. At February 2013 She participated on the Israeli pre-eurovision 2013 (KDAM eurovision) with the song "VICTORY".

</doc>
<doc id="18397102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397102" title="Marguerite Nadeau">
Marguerite Nadeau

Marguerite Nadeau was Master of the Royal Canadian Mint from October 3, 2005, to June 11, 2006. 
She joined the Mint in 1984 as a legal counsel, after working for seven years under the Minister of Supply and Services. In 1985, she became Corporate Secretary of the Mint; in 1990 she was appointed Queen's Counsel, and in 2003, she became Vice-President of Legal and Corporate Affairs.
Following the resignation of David Dingwall in September 2005, the Royal Canadian Mint Board of Directors announced that Marguerite Nadeau would serve as interim President and CEO (known affectionately as Master of the Mint) for a period of 60 days. Dingwall, a former Cabinet minister under Prime Minister Jean Chrétien was facing an inquiry after opposition members revealed that his office claimed more than $740,000 in expenses in the previous year. 
In late December 2005, Nadeau's appointment as Master of the Mint was extended indefinitely. Her extension required approval of the Canadian government through order in council. The reason for the indefinite extension was attributed to the Mint still searching for a new President and CEO. Her term ended in June 2006 with the appointment of Ian Bennett.

</doc>
<doc id="18397103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397103" title="Cornerstones">
Cornerstones

Cornerstones Kumasi is a Ghanaian professional football club based in Kumasi, Ashanti. They are currently competing in the Ghana Division Three League.

</doc>
<doc id="18397104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397104" title="Alfredo Carlomagno">
Alfredo Carlomagno

Alfredo Cipriano Carlomagno (born October 5, 1917) is an Argentine boxer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
In 1936 he finished fourth in the flyweight class. He lost in the semi-finals to Willy Kaiser and was not able to compete in the bronze medal both with Louis Laurie.

</doc>
<doc id="18397112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397112" title="Tracey K">
Tracey K

Tracey K is an Irish singer, songwriter best known for providing the vocals, as well as the lyrics for the UK Dance Chart topper ""The Cure and The Cause"". Other well-known songs written and performed by Tracey include ""Nights Like These"" and the live favourite ""Battery Man"".
Career.
Raised in Kerry, in the south west of Ireland.
Dextris.
While in University in Galway, Tracey joined Dextris, a group consisting of two vocalists harmonising over house and hip-hop beats spun by a DJ. It was something new in Ireland at the time, and Dextris were well known on the Irish club scene.
Fish Go Deep.
In 2003 Tracey proposed a collaboration with Shane Johnson and Greg Dowling of Fish Go Deep. They first track they worked on being ""Lil' Hand"" which was later to emerge as the title track on their debut long-player. 
Their first release was ""Nights Like These"", which came out on the UK's Inspirit Music Label in 2003. This was to mark the beginning of a musical relationship loved by House music fans and music lovers alike. In 2004 ""Lil' Hand"" was released on Canadian label, Ultrasound Recordings, the album from which the house anthem, ""The Cure and The Cause"" was born. The single was remixed by Dennis Ferrer in 2005 and its slow rise to fame did not pinnacle until it was re-released later in 2006 on UK giant Defected, where it reached No. 23 in the UK main Top 75 and No. 1 in the dance chart. The song was given a US release on legendary label Strictly Rhythm in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18397115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397115" title="Ismaël Gace">
Ismaël Gace

Ismaël Gace (born September 19, 1986 in Saint-Germain-en-Laye, France) is a French football defender who currently plays for US Boulogne.
Career.
Gace began his career at French Ligue 1 capital club Paris Saint-Germain as part of their youth set-up. In 2002 he moved to Côte d'Azur based club OGC Nice, where he is contracted til 2012. On 16 January 2009 joined on loan to Rodez AF. On 28 July 2011, he joined the Ligue 2 side US Boulogne.

</doc>
<doc id="18397132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397132" title="Odetta Sings">
Odetta Sings

Odetta Sings is the 1970 album by Odetta. It is her only album on Polydor Records and is out-of-print.
The album was recorded with a large number of well-known session musicians and special guests, and contained a significant amount of contemporary material, including work by Randy Newman, Paul McCartney, James Taylor, Elton John and the Rolling Stones.
Reception.
Allmusic stated in their review "Only two songs are written by Odetta herself, "Hit or Miss" and "Movin' It On," which is a shame since they are by far the best tracks of the album. Odetta's deep, dark, warm voice distinguishes her from most soul singers, and these two songs give an idea of what it could have sounded like had she decided to release a real soul album..."

</doc>
<doc id="18397134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397134" title="Benedict Lapham">
Benedict Lapham

Benedict Lapham (June 26, 1816-June 16, 1883) was a New England industrialist and philanthropist.
Biography.
Lapham was born in Rhode Island to a Yankee family on June 26, 1816. His parents were Phebe Arnold and Reverend Richard Lapham, a farmer, and a minister in the Wesleyan Methodist Church. Lapham farmed before becoming involved in manufacturing in Burrillville, Rhode Island, and Palmer and Douglas, Massachusetts, and he managed a farm for the Albion Manufacturing Company in Smithfield, Rhode Island. Lapham attended Bushee's Academy at Bank Village, Rhode Island studying mechanics and later worked several years as a carpenter and wheelwright. He then worked with the Tillinghast factory in East Greenwich, and the other mills in North Scituate, Centreville, Wallum Pond, Pascoag, and Warwick, Rhode Island.
Lapham served in the militia during the Dorr Rebellion and was a member of Rhode Island House of Representatives, Rhode Island State Senate, state commissioner of the Antietam Cemetery, president of the town council, Delegate to the 1860 Republican National Convention, justice of the peace. In 1863 he purchased and funded the Smithville Seminary and gave it back to the Free Will Baptist Association. It was renamed the Lapham Institute in his honor, but closed in 1876.
He died on June 16, 1883 and was buried in Swan Point Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="18397150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397150" title="Southern Terminal, Knoxville, Tennessee">
Southern Terminal, Knoxville, Tennessee

The Southern Terminal is a former railway complex located at 306 West Depot Avenue in Knoxville, Tennessee, USA. The complex, which includes a passenger terminal and express depot adjacent to a large railyard, was built in 1903 by the Southern Railway. Both the terminal and depot were designed by noted train station architect Frank Pierce Milburn (1868–1926). In 1985, the terminal complex, along with several dozen warehouses and storefronts in the adjacent Old City and vicinity, were listed on the National Register of Historic Places as the Southern Terminal and Warehouse Historic District.
During the 1850s, the arrival of the railroad— namely the East Tennessee, Virginia and Georgia Railroad and its predecessor lines— transformed Knoxville from a small river town of just over 2,000 residents to one of the southeast's major wholesaling centers. Wholesaling firms built dozens of large warehouses along Jackson Avenue and adjacent streets, where smalltown merchants from across East Tennessee would purchase goods and supplies to resell at rural general stores. In 1894, the ETV&G was absorbed by the Southern Railway, which in turn became part of the Norfolk Southern Railway in 1982.
Location.
The Southern Terminal complex and the adjacent railyard lie at the north end of Knoxville's downtown area, occupying a natural declivity about below the adjacent street levels. The tracks run in a southwest-to-northeast direction, roughly parallel to Jackson Avenue on the south and Depot Avenue on the north. The railyard, which consists of eleven parallel tracks at its widest point, stretches from Broadway on the southwest to Central Street on the northeast. Gay Street crosses the railyard via the Gay Street Viaduct.
The terminal station and express depot sit on the north side of the tracks, at the intersection of Gay Street and Depot Avenue. Several large early-20th-century warehouses rise between Jackson Avenue and the south side of the tracks, with the buildings' loading docks facing the tracks and storefronts facing Jackson Avenue. The Old City, a neighborhood that developed along with the railroad in the latter half of the 19th century, is concentrated around the intersection of Central Street and Jackson Avenue.
History.
Early railroad development.
Mountain barriers were an impediment to economic development in East Tennessee throughout the first half of the 19th century, and as early as the 1830s, Knoxville's leaders considered the railroad a solution to this isolation. Among the earliest proposals was the Hiwassee Railroad, conceived by several Athens, Tennessee-based businessmen, which would connect Knoxville with the Charleston and Hamburg line in Dalton, Georgia, and provide a link to the Atlantic Coast. After struggling with finances for nearly a decade, the Hiwassee was rechartered as the East Tennessee and Georgia Railroad, and construction began in 1848. The first train rolled into Knoxville on June 22, 1855.
What is now the Southern Terminal and railyard was originally a swamp known as the "Flag Pond," which Knoxvillians considered a health threat and long sought to drain. Because this swampy area provided the flattest land in Knoxville, however, the East Tennessee and Georgia chose it for the location of its Knoxville terminal and railyards. The company built a roundhouse and machine shops where the Southern Terminal complex now stands. By 1858, another rail line, the East Tennessee and Virginia Railroad, had been completed, connecting Knoxville with Bristol.
Civil War.
During the Civil War, the railroad in East Tennessee provided a vital link in the supply line between Confederate forces in Virginia and the Deep South, and thus became a target of Union forces from the war's earliest days. On November 8, 1861, Unionist guerillas destroyed five railroad bridges across East Tennessee, forcing Confederate authorities to invoke martial law in the region. In June 1863, General William P. Sanders conducted a raid of the Knoxville area in which he destroyed tracks from Knoxville to Lenoir Station, and burned a railroad bridge in Strawberry Plains. In November 1863, Union forces burned the Roundhouse and machine shops to prevent Confederate forces from capturing them.
East Tennessee and Georgia president Campbell Wallace, an ardent Confederate, accused the pro-Union "Knoxville Whig" editor William "Parson" Brownlow of instigating the November 1861 bridge-burning conspiracy, and demanded he be hanged. After the war, when Brownlow was governor of Tennessee, he seized control of the railroad, claiming Wallace had "basely prostituted" the line to the Confederate cause. Ironically, it was an ex-Confederate, Charles McClung McGhee, who formed a syndicate which bought the East Tennessee and Georgia and the East Tennessee and Virginia lines, and merged the two into the East Tennessee, Virginia and Georgia Railroad in 1869.
The East Tennessee, Virginia and Georgia Railroad.
The railroad's impact on Knoxville's development was swift. The city's population more than doubled from just over 2,000 in 1850 to over 4,000 in 1860. After the war, the city's wholesaling sector expanded rapidly. By the early 1870s, the Knoxville wholesaling firm, Cowan, McClung and Company, was Tennessee's most profitable company. The railroad also brought heavy industry to the city, such as the Knoxville Iron Company, Knoxville Woolen Mills, and Brookside Mills. The railroad aided the rise the Tennessee marble industry, with eleven quarries in operation in Knox County alone by 1882.
Under the direction of McGhee and New York financier Richard T. Wilson, the ETV&G expanded rapidly. During the 1870s, the company completed lines to Kentucky and through the rugged French Broad valley into North Carolina. It also purchased lines in Georgia and Alabama. By 1890, the ETV&G controlled of tracks in five states. Its tracks stretched as far west as Memphis, as far southwest as Meridian, Mississippi, and Mobile, Alabama, and southeast to Brunswick, Georgia, on the Atlantic Coast.
The Southern Railway.
In 1894, financier J. P. Morgan and several investors purchased the ETV&G and the Richmond and Danville Railroad, and consolidated the two into the Southern Railway. The Southern immediately began making upgrades to the system's trackage and equipment, and built the Coster Repair Shops, which originally employed over 1,000 workers, and led to the development of the Oakwood neighborhood in North Knoxville. In 1925, Southern built the vast John Sevier railyard east of Knoxville, which is still used today by Norfolk Southern as a classification yard.
In 1902, Southern hired architect Frank Pierce Milburn (1868–1926) to design a series of new train stations across the South, including the new terminal in Knoxville. The new Knoxville terminal opened to the public in 1903 and the similar express depot opened in 1907. Within a year of the opening of the passenger depot, the New Market train wreck occurred several miles east of Knoxville, killing 56 passengers. An obscure Knoxville street musician named Charlie Oaks, who often played at the terminal for "nickels and dimes," wrote a song about the wreck. In 1924, Oaks became one of the earliest musicians to commercially record what is now country music.
At its height, the Southern Terminal was servicing 26 passenger trains daily. With the rise of automobile and bus travel, however, passenger rail service declined. After World War II, the Southern was operating eight expresses and twelve local lines out of Knoxville. By 1956, the local lines had been eliminated, and most of the expresses were eliminated by the late 1960s. The last regularly scheduled passenger train left the Southern Terminal on August 12, 1970.
Southern Terminal and Warehouse Historic District.
The Southern Terminal and Warehouse Historic District was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985 for its late-19th- and early-20th-century commercial architecture and its role in Knoxville's railroad-based commerce and wholesaling industry. The district includes the Southern Terminal complex, all of West Jackson Avenue, the 100 blocks of East Jackson, North and South Central, and South Gay, parts of State Street and Vine Avenue, and the former White Lily plant on Depot. Several buildings in the district, namely Sullivan's Saloon (100 E. Jackson) and the warehouse buildings at 121-123, 122-124, 125-127, and 129-131 West Jackson, were previously listed on the Register in the 1970s as the Jackson Avenue Warehouse District.
There were originally 75 contributing buildings and structures in the Southern Terminal district, although some of these are no longer standing. The listing included the old Gay Street Viaduct, which was demolished and replaced by the current viaduct in 2005. Other non-extant listings include an 1870s-era freight depot once located at 406 West Jackson (now a parking lot), and several warehouse buildings on West Jackson's 500-block. In 2004, the Southern Terminal district was extended to include the Southeastern Glass Building at 100 North Broadway.
Southern Passenger Terminal and Express Depot.
The passenger terminal station and express depot, both designed in the same vernacular style with Classical Revival influence, were completed in 1903 and 1907, respectively, and are notable for their signature corbel-stepped gabled roofs. The terminal building is two-and-a-half stories, with the lower level originally containing the dining rooms, baggage check, express and mail rooms, and the upper level originally housing the ticketing and waiting rooms. A bridge connects the upper level with Depot Avenue. The building originally included a clock tower, which was removed in 1945, apparently due to structural problems. 
The express depot consists of a -story central section flanked by two 1-story wings. The design of the central section matches the design of the adjacent passenger terminal building. Part of the depot's east wing has been removed to create an open courtyard. The main terminal building is now used for office space while the express depot is used as a meeting venue by a local caterer.
Patrick Sullivan's Saloon.
Sullivan's Saloon (100 E. Jackson) is a two-story Romanesque Revival building with Queen Anne elements constructed by saloonkeeper Patrick Sullivan (1841–1925) in 1888. Sullivan, who immigrated from Ireland with his parents in the 1850s, established his saloon in what is now the Old City just after the Civil War. The saloon initially operated out of a wooden building before being replaced by the current elaborate brick structure. The building housed a saloon until 1907, when it was forced to close due to citywide Prohibition. The saloon was home to Patrick Sullivan's Steakhouse and Saloon from 1988 to 2011. The building has been called the "best extant example of a downtown saloon in the southeastern United States."

</doc>
<doc id="18397165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397165" title="Songshan Station">
Songshan Station

Songshan Station () is a railway station in Songshan District, Taipei, Taiwan. It is served by the Taiwan Railway Administration and will become a terminal station of the Taipei Metro Songshan Line when opens for service in 2013.
Station overview.
The new Songshan Station building has already finished construction. It was built by Ruentex Development Company who won a NT$3.3 billion build-operate-transfer (BOT) contract on the new station building. There are a total of two island platforms (four tracks). The Taipei Metro station is still under construction; it will have an island platform and five exits. It will be connected via an underground passage.
Songshan Station became the principle south-bound origin and north-bound terminus for the West Trunk Line starting in 1986, after the reconstruction of Taipei Station began in 1985. However, these functions were moved to Chitu in Keelung City shortly before the reconstruction. 
The former Songshan Station was underground and operated by the TRA. It opened in June 1994 as part of the Taipei Railway Underground Project. All railway lines and platforms have been moved underground (from at-grade) since September 21, 2008 in a move to improve safety and area development. A 7.6-km tunnel was constructed between this station and neighboring Nangang Station at a cost of NT$76.5 billion.
Public Art.
The Taipei Metro station will feature a theme of "Festivities of Light" to reflect the mix of traditional and modern culture, local religion, and administration. It will enhance the night activity in the area.
Future developments.
The new Taipei Metro station will have a "Halo of City" theme with an egg-shaped hall and columns forming a ring structure. The station will be deep, long, and wide. It will have six exits, four vent shafts, and two accessibility elevators. The north side of the station is land for a joint development project.

</doc>
<doc id="18397175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397175" title="David Atkinson (bishop)">
David Atkinson (bishop)

David John Atkinson (born 5 September 1943) is the former Bishop of Thetford.
Atkinson was educated at Maidstone Grammar School and King's College London. After a short career as a chemistry teacher he was ordained in 1973. His career began with a curacy at "St Peter Halliwell Bolton", after which he was Curate at St John, Harborne, Birmingham, and then Librarian at Latimer House, Oxford. From 1977 was Chaplain (and a Fellow) of Corpus Christi College, Oxford, and pat-time Lecturer at Wycliffe Hall, then a Canon Residentiary at Southwark Cathedral and finally (before his elevation to the Episcopate) Archdeacon of Lewisham. In 2009 he became an Assistant Bishop in the Diocese of Southwark. Bishop David is married with two children and seven grandchildren. He retired on 16 September 2009.
Bibliography.
He has written a number of books on pastoral theology, Christian ethics and biblical studies.
"The Church's Healing Ministry - practical and pastoral reflections" Canterbury Press 2011

</doc>
<doc id="18397198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397198" title="CilkChess">
CilkChess

Cilkchess is a chess-playing program which was written in Cilk. This program has won numerous prizes in international competition (including the Dutch open computer chess championship in 1996) and in its time it was considered to be among the strongest in the world.

</doc>
<doc id="18397200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397200" title="Jonathan Lemon">
Jonathan Lemon

Jonathan Lemon(born April 13, 1965) is an artist, cartoonist and musician who lives in San Francisco, California.
Lemon was born in Watford, England and gained a degree in Visual and Performing Arts from the University of Brighton. After working as a stand-up comedian and musician for several years he moved to San Francisco in 1992 and created several character animations for best selling software including “Stinky & Dinky”, “Dr. Doodles”.
In the 80s he performed in several bands including Jesus Couldn't Drum, the Little Green Hondas and The Chrysanthemums, a cult psychedelic art pop band, they released three albums and four EPs. as well as working on several solo projects. He is currently performing surf instrumentals with his band Monkey Versus Robot.
Starting in 1996 he drew the comic strip “Bigshot” for Film/Tape World magazine which lasted for five years. He has also contributed work to Poot!, Yowza Comic, Puppy Love, and ZigZag Magazine. His political cartoons have appeared in The Boston Globe, San Francisco Examiner and San Francisco Bay Guardian.
He currently produces the comic strip Rabbits Against Magic which has been syndicated online by Universal Uclick Syndicate since 2009. In March 2013, the strip was nominated for a Reuben Divisional Award for Best Online Comic - Short Form by the National Cartoonists Society.

</doc>
<doc id="18397209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397209" title="Grand Lakes">
Grand Lakes

Grand Lakes, Texas is a "master planned community" located in the extraterritorial jurisdiction of Houston within Fort Bend and Harris Counties in the U.S. state of Texas. It lies about 25 miles (40 km) west of Houston and 10 miles (16 km) north of Richmond. Grand Lakes is considered to be part of the Greater Katy area and is roughly 10 miles (16 km) southeast of the city of Katy and adjacent to Cinco Ranch and Seven Meadows.
Schools in this area.
Katy Independent School District

</doc>
<doc id="18397216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397216" title="Paul Warner (director)">
Paul Warner (director)

Paul Warner is a New York-based American film and theatre director. He is best known for directing "Fall Time" and "In the Name of the Father".
Life and career.
Warner has directed more than fifty stage productions and numerous films, including the award-winning "In the Name of the Father" as well as his feature "Fall Time", starring Mickey Rourke, Stephen Baldwin, Sheryl Lee, David Arquette, and Jason London, which premiered in competition at the Sundance Film Festival and was nominated for The Grand Jury Prize. "In the Name of the Father" also premiered at Sundance and garnered the Cine Golden Eagle, the Gold Hugo Award from the Chicago International Film Festival, first place at The British International Film and Video Festival, and best cinematography at The Atlanta Film and Video Festival.
He will begin pre-production in March of 2014 on a new feature film, Reclaiming Eden, which he will direct, followed by "Transfer at Aachen", which is to begin principal photography in January 2015.
Warner's screenwriting credits include "Beyond the Pale", "Vegas Run", and "Reclaiming Eden (co-writer with Sean Robinson)". In June of 2013, he directed the first incarnation oft a new dance theatre opera entitled Women: The War Within by Du Yun, Matthew Maguire, and Paul Warner with choreography by Stephen Petronio at The Baryshnikov Arts Center in New York City featuring Qian Yi, as Wu Zetian, Wendy Whelan of the New York City Ballet as Cleopatra, Ching-Vades-Aran as Aung San Suu Kyi, and Winsome Brown as HIllary Clinton. He produced the award-winning film "The Puritans", which premiered in March of 2013 and has been an official selection in over forty film Festivals. Women: The War Within was made possible by a Princess Grace Foundation-USA Works-in-Process Grant.
Warner has been commissioned by The LGBTQ Academy of Recording Arts (LARA) to direct the 9th annual OUTmusic Awards in January of 2014, as well as  to produce the documentary For Which WE Stand (One Queer Music Nation In The Visible), chronicling the history of LGBTQ recording artists, in conjunction with long time collaborator Sean Robinson.
Warner has won numerous awards and fellowships including a Statue Award and a Works in Process Grant from the Princess Grace Foundation, which enabled him to serve as The Artistic Associate/Resident Director of New York’s Second Stage Theatre and Baryshnikov Arts Center (Bacnyc.org) as well as a directing fellowship from the Drama League of New York. Warner is also a recipient of The Princess Grace Foundation’s Statue Award and a Cite-Read grant from the Drama League of New York. He was invited by acclaimed visual artist/photographer David Michalek to serve as Executive Creative Consultant and to direct the actors for Portraits in Dramatic Time--a series of slow motion cinematic shorts featuring over 40 seminal performers from stage, screen, and dance, including: Holly Hunter,Patti Lupone, Lily Taylor, Alan Rickman, Liev Schreiber, Wendy Whelan, and William H. Macy, amongst others, as well as seminal multi-disciplinary international artists. IPortraits premiered at The Lincoln Center Festival in July of 2011. 
The Princess Grace Foundation’s Statue Award and fellowships from The Drama League of New York supported his residency as The Artistic Associate/Resident Director at NewYork's Second Stage Theatre, during which time he directed Out in America starring Daryl Hannah as well as assisting on revivals of Lanford Wilson's Lemon Sky featuring Cynthia Nixon and Jeff Daniels and Tina Howe's Coastal Disturbances with Annette Bening.  A Cite-Read grant from The Drama League funded Warner’s new translation of Nelson Rodrigues' The Wedding Dress.  His North American premiere production at Theatre Forty in Beverly Hills garnered seven Drama-Logue Awards,including best direction, which The LA Weekly lauded as “A phantasmagorical odyssey--a nonstop, mind-bending roller coaster ride that is as haunting as a nightmare, while also being a touching affirmation of life.”  While his focus remains on directing film andepic multi-disciplinary theatre, Warner is equally interested in collaborations with new playwrights, composers, and more traditional theatrical ventures.  Favorite projects include directing Mercury by Gary Sunshine, produced by Eve Ensler and Kristin Marting (The Vagina Monologues) at HERE, as well as radical interpretations of classics, such as his collaborations with composer Peter Melnick on a rock and roll rendition of Shakespeare’s Twelfth Night and an original Chamber Opera, Chinese Cabaret, which played in the Los Angeles International Theatre Festival. In September 2006 Warner was the subject of a "Fuji Television" special highlighting his fusion of eastern and western techniques.
Warner began his film-directing career by assisting mentors Fred Schepisi ("Roxanne"/"A Cry in the Dark") Dan Melnick (President of Columbia Pictures), and Ed Zwick ("Glory"/"Blood Diamond"). The latter encouraged him to attend the American Film Institute, from which he graduated with an M.F.A. in filmmaking and received the Ashley Amulis Fellowship Award for directing.
In addition to receiving his M.F.A. at The American Film Institute, he is a graduate of Harvard University (B.A.) and Phillips Exeter Academy. He has been an adjunct professor of directing and acting at NYU, The New York Film Academy, The School of Visual Arts, SUNY Purchase, and The Shanghai Theatre Academy.

</doc>
<doc id="18397217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397217" title="Charles S. Kraszewski">
Charles S. Kraszewski

Charles S. Kraszewski (born 1962) is a professor, Slavicist and translator from Polish, Czech, Slovak, Greek and Latin. 
Life.
From 2008-2011, editor-in-chief of "The Polish Review", the scholarly quarterly of the Polish Institute of Arts and Sciences of America, headquartered in New York City. His original poetry has been published in literary journals such as Red River Review, Chaparral, Poetry South, OVS, and elsewhere. He has published two volumes of poetry, "Beast" (PlanB Press, 2013) and "Diet of Nails" (červená barva, 2013). Among his critical works are "Irresolute Heresiarch: Catholicism, Gnosticism and Paganism in the Poetry of Czesław Miłosz" (CSP, 2012) and a collection of verse translations, "Rossetti's Armadillo," (2013). He translates into English and Polish. His translations of T.S. Eliot and Robinson Jeffers into Polish have appeared in the Wrocław based journal "Odra." Recipient of the Union of Polish Writers Abroad award (London, 2013).

</doc>
<doc id="18397218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397218" title="Dirty Little Shop">
Dirty Little Shop

"Dirty Little Shop" is a song by English punk rock band Dogs and is the opening track on their second studio album, "Tall Stories From Under The Table". Released on June 18, 2007, it was the second single taken from the album.

</doc>
<doc id="18397219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397219" title="Simple Murder">
Simple Murder

"Simple Murder" is a 2003 single by East Coast hip hop group The Beatnuts. Prior to its inclusion on DJ Rhettmatic's album "Exclusive Collection", Up Above Records released it as a 12 inch. Its b-side is a remix produced by Key-Kool of The Visionaries. The original version of "Simple Murder" is produced by The Beatnuts and features raps by Juju and Psycho Les. The song's lyrics are both braggadocios and hedonistic as they praise money, "bitches" and drugs in three consecutive lines. The song's beat is characterized by a repetitive funk loop sampled from "It's Not What You Fall For, It's What You Stand For" by Laura Lee.

</doc>
<doc id="18397231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397231" title="Matt Rhoades">
Matt Rhoades

Matthew "Matt" Rhoades (born February 3, 1975) is an American political consultant and strategist for the Republican National Committee. In the 2000 presidential election, he worked as a research analyst for the Republican National Committee assisting in the Florida recount. In the 2004 presidential election, Rhoades was director of opposition research for the campaign to re-elect President George W. Bush and Vice-President Dick Cheney. In the 2008 presidential bid of Mitt Romney, Rhoades was director of communications. Rhoades is cited as a pioneer in using less conventional outlets, such as the Drudge Report, to influence the public image about candidates who oppose his clients. He was the manager of Mitt Romney's 2012 campaign for the presidency. Rhoades received his B.A. at the Maxwell School of Citizenship and Public Affairs at Syracuse University in 1997 and his M.A. from the Graduate School of Political Management at George Washington University in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="18397250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397250" title="Organic solar cell">
Organic solar cell

An organic solar cell or plastic solar cell is a type of polymer solar cell that uses organic electronics, a branch of electronics that deals with conductive organic polymers or small organic molecules, for light absorption and charge transport to produce electricity from sunlight by the photovoltaic effect.
The plastic used in organic solar cells has low production costs in high volumes. Combined with the flexibility of organic molecules, organic solar cells are potentially cost-effective for photovoltaic applications. Molecular engineering (e.g. changing the length and functional group of polymers) can change the energy gap, which allows chemical change in these materials. The optical absorption coefficient of organic molecules is high, so a large amount of light can be absorbed with a small amount of materials. The main disadvantages associated with organic photovoltaic cells are low efficiency, low stability and low strength compared to inorganic photovoltaic cells.
Organic photovoltaic materials.
A photovoltaic cell is a specialized semiconductor diode that converts visible light into direct current (DC) electricity. Some photovoltaic cells can also convert infrared (IR) or ultraviolet (UV) radiation into DC. A common characteristic of both the small molecules and polymers (Fig 1) used in photovoltaics is that they all have large conjugated systems. A conjugated system is formed where carbon atoms covalently bond with alternating single and double bonds; in other words these are chemical reactions of hydrocarbons. These hydrocarbons' electrons pz orbitals delocalize and form a delocalized bonding π orbital with a π* antibonding orbital. The delocalized π orbital is the highest occupied molecular orbital (HOMO), and the π* orbital is the lowest unoccupied molecular orbital (LUMO). The separation between HOMO and LUMO is considered the band gap of organic electronic materials. The band gap is typically in the range of 1–4 eV.
When these materials absorb a photon, an excited state is created and confined to a molecule or a region of a polymer chain. The excited state can be regarded as an electron-hole pair bound together by electrostatic interactions, i.e. excitons. In photovoltaic cells, excitons are broken up into free electron-hole pairs by effective fields. The effective fields are set up by creating a heterojunction between two dissimilar materials. Effective fields break up excitons by causing the electron to fall from the conduction band of the absorber to the conduction band of the acceptor molecule. It is necessary that the acceptor material has a conduction band edge that is lower than that of the absorber material.
Types of junctions for OPVC.
Single layer organic photovoltaic cell.
Single layer organic photovoltaic cells are the simplest of the various forms of organic photovoltaic cells. These cells are made by sandwiching a layer of organic electronic materials between two metallic conductors, typically a layer of indium tin oxide (ITO) with high work function and a layer of low work function metal such as Al, Mg or Ca. The basic structure of such a cell is illustrated in Fig 2.
The difference of work function between the two conductors sets up an electric field in the organic layer. When the organic layer absorbs light, electrons will be excited to the LUMO and leave holes in the HOMO, thereby forming excitons. The potential created by the different work functions helps to separate the exciton pairs, pulling electrons to the positive electrode (an electrical conductor used to make contact with a non-metallic part of a circuit) and holes to the negative electrode. The current and voltage resulting from this process can be used to do work. Using electric fields is not the best way to break up excitons: heterojunction based cells which rely on effective fields are more effective.
Examples.
Cells with phthalocyanine (Fig 1) as an organic layer were investigated at the early stage. As early as 1958, Kearns et al. reported the photovoltaic effect or the creation of voltage of a cell based on magnesium phthalocyanine, a macrocyclic compound having an alternating nitrogen atom-carbon atom ring structure (MgPh), which had a photovoltage of 200 mV. Ghosh et al. investigated the Al/MgPh/Ag cell, and obtained photovoltaic efficiency of 0.01% under illumination at 690 nm.
Conjugated polymers were also used in this type of photovoltaic cell. Weinberger et al. used polyacetylene (Fig 1) as the organic layer, Al and graphite as electrodes to fabricate a cell, which had an open circuit voltage of 0.3 V and a charge collection efficiency of 0.3%. Glenis et al. reported an Al/poly(3-nethyl-thiophene)/Pt cell had an external quantum yield of 0.17%, an open circuit voltage of 0.4 V and a fill factor of 0.3. Karg et al. fabricated an ITO/PPV/Al cell, showing an open circuit voltage of 1 V and a power conversion efficiency of 0.1% under white-light illumination.
Problems.
In practice, single layer organic photovoltaic cells of this type do not work well. They have low quantum efficiencies (<1%) and low power conversion efficiencies (<0.1%). A major problem with them is that the electric field resulting from the difference between the two conductive electrodes is seldom sufficient to break up the photogenerated excitons. Often the electrons recombine with the holes rather than reach the electrode. To deal with this problem, the multilayer organic photovoltaic cells were developed.
Bilayer organic photovoltaic cells.
This type of organic photovoltaic cell contains two different layers in between the conductive electrodes (Fig 3). These two layers of materials have differences in electron affinity and ionization energy, therefore electrostatic forces are generated at the interface between the two layers. The materials are chosen properly to make the differences large enough, so these local electric fields are strong, which may break up the excitons much more efficiently than the single layer photovoltaic cells do. The layer with higher electron affinity and ionization potential is the electron acceptor, and the other layer is the electron donor. This structure is also called a planar donor-acceptor heterojunction.
Examples.
C60 has high electron affinity, making it a good electron acceptor in photovoltaic cells of this type. Sariciftci et al. fabricated a C60/MEH-PPV double layer cell, which had a relatively high fill factor of 0.48 and a power conversion efficiency of 0.04% under monochromatic illumination. For PPV/C60 cells, Halls et al. reported a monochromatic external quantum efficiency of 9%, a power conversion efficiency of 1% and a fill factor of 0.48.
Perylene derivatives are a group of organic molecules with high electron affinity and chemical stability. Ching W. Tang deposited a layer of copper phthalcocyanine as electron donor and perylene tetracarboxylic derivative as electron acceptor, fabricating a cell with a fill factor as high as 0.65 and a power conversion efficiency of 1% under simulated AM2 illumination. Halls et al. fabricated a cell with a layer of bis(phenethylimido) perylene over a layer of PPV as the electron donor. This cell had peak external quantum efficiency of 6% and power conversion efficiency of 1% under monochromatic illumination, and a fill factor of up to 0.6.
Problems.
The diffusion length of excitons in organic electronic materials is typically on the order of 10 nm. In order for most excitons to diffuse to the interface of layers and break up into carriers, the layer thickness should also be in the same range as the diffusion length. However, a polymer layer typically needs a thickness of at least 100 nm to absorb enough light. At such a large thickness, only a small fraction of the excitons can reach the heterojunction interface. To address this problem, a new type of heterojunction photovoltaic cells is designed, which is the dispersed heterojunction photovoltaic cells.
Bulk heterojunction photovoltaic cells.
In this type of photovoltaic cell, the electron donor and acceptor are mixed together, forming a polymer blend (Fig 4). If the length scale of the blend is similar to the exciton diffusion length, most of the excitons generated in either material may reach the interface, where excitons break efficiently. Electrons move to the acceptor domains then were carried through the device and collected by one electrode, and holes were pulled in the opposite direction and collected at the other side.
While most bulk heterojunction cells are of the two component variety, three component cells have also been explored. The third component, a secondary p-type donor polymer, acts to absorb light in a region of the solar spectrum different from that of the other donor. This in theory helps to maximize the amount of light absorbed by the cell. These ternary cells can operate through one of three distinct mechanisms: charge transfer, energy transfer, or parallel-linkage. In charge transfer, both donors contribute directly to the generation of free charge carriers. Holes pass through only one donor domain before collection at the anode. In energy transfer, only one donor contributes to the production of holes. The second donor acts solely to absorb light, transferring extra photon energy to the first donor material. In parallel linkage, both donors produce excitons independently, which then migrate to their respective donor/acceptor interfaces and dissociate.
Examples.
C60 and its derivatives are also used as electron acceptor in the dispersed heterojunction photovoltaic cells. Yu et al. fabricated a cell with the blend of MEH-PPV and a methano-functionalized C60 derivative as the heterojunction, ITO and Ca as the electrodes. This cell showed a quantum efficiency of 29% and a power conversion efficiency of 2.9% under monochromatic illumination. Later they replaced MEH-PPV with P3HT, which obtained a cell with a quantum yield of 45% under a 10 V reverse bias.
Polymer/polymer blends are also used in dispersed heterojunction photovoltaic cells. Halls et al. used a blend of CN-PPV and MEH-PPV, fabricated a cell with Al and ITO as the electrodes, whose peak monochromatic power conversion efficiency is 1% and fill factor is 0.38.
Dye sensitized photovoltaic cells can also be considered important examples of this type.
Graded heterojunction photovoltaic cells.
In this type of photovoltaic cell, the electron donor and acceptor are mixed together, like in the bulk heterojunction, but in such a way that the gradient is gradual. This architecture combines the short electron travel distance in the dispersed heterojunction with the advantage of the charge gradient of the bilayer technology.
Examples.
Holmes et al. fabricated a cell with a blend of CuPc and C60. The cell showed a quantum efficiency of 50% and a power conversion efficiency of 2.1% using 100 mW/cm2 simulated AM1.5G solar illumination for a graded heterojunction.
Current challenges and recent progress.
Difficulties associated with organic photovoltaic cells include their low external quantum efficiency (up to 70%) in comparison with inorganic photovoltaic devices; due largely to the large band gap of organic materials. Instabilities against oxidation and reduction, recrystallization and temperature variations can also lead to device degradation and decreased performance over time. This occurs to different extents for devices with different compositions, and is an area into which active research is taking place.
Other important factors include the exciton diffusion length; charge separation and charge collection; and charge transport and mobility, which are affected by the presence of impurities.
Effect of film morphology.
As described above, dispersed heterojunctions of donor-acceptor organic materials have high quantum efficiencies compared to the planar hetero-junction, because in dispersed heterojunctions it is more likely for an exciton to find an interface within its diffusion length. Film morphology can also have a drastic effect on the quantum efficiency of the device. Rough surfaces and the presence of voids can increase the series resistance and also the chance of short-circuiting. Film morphology and, as a result, quantum efficiency can be improved by annealing of a device after covering it by a ~1000 Å thick metal cathode. Metal film on top of the organic film applies stresses on the organic film, which helps to prevent the morphological relaxation in the organic film. This gives more densely packed films and at the same time allows the formation of phase-separated interpenetrating donor-acceptor interface inside the bulk of organic thin film.
Controlled growth heterojunction.
Charge separation occurs at the donor acceptor interface. Whilst traveling to the electrode, a charge can become trapped and/or recombine in a disordered interpenetrating organic material, resulting in decreased device efficiency. Controlled growth of the heterojunction provides better control over positions of the donor-acceptor materials, resulting in much greater power efficiency (ratio of output power to input power) than that of planar and highly disoriented hetero-junctions (as shown in Fig 5). Thus, the choice of suitable processing parameters in order to better control the structure and film morphology is highly desirable.
Progress in growth techniques.
Mostly organic films for photovoltaic applications are deposited by spin coating and vapor-phase deposition. However each method has certain draw backs, spin coating technique can coat larger surface areas with high speed but the use of solvent for one layer can degrade the already existing polymer layer. Another problem is related with the patterning of the substrate for device as spin-coating results in coating the entire substrate with a single material.
Vacuum thermal evaporation.
Another deposition technique is vacuum thermal evaporation (VTE) which involves the heating of an organic material in vacuum. The substrate is placed several centimeters away from the source so that evaporated material may be directly deposited onto the substrate, as shown in Fig 6(a). This method is useful for depositing many layers of different materials without chemical interaction between different layers. However, there are sometimes problems with film-thickness uniformity and uniform doping over large-area substrates. In addition, the materials that deposit on the wall of the chamber can contaminate later depositions. This "line of sight" technique also can create holes in the film due to shadowing, which causes an increase in the device series-resistance and short circuit.
Organic vapor phase deposition.
Organic vapor phase deposition (OVPD, Fig 6(b)) allows better control of the structure and morphology of the film than vacuum thermal evaporation. The process involves evaporation of the organic material over a substrate in the presence of an inert carrier gas. The resulting film morphology can be tuned by changing the gas flow rate and the source temperature. Uniform films can be grown by reducing the carrier gas pressure, which will increase the velocity and mean free path of the gas, and as a result boundary layer thickness decreases. Cells produced by OVPD do not have issues related with contaminations from the flakes coming out of the walls of the chamber, as the walls are warm and do not allow molecules to stick to and produce a film upon them.
Another advantage over VTE is the uniformity in evaporation rate. This occurs because the carrier gas becomes saturated with the vapors of the organic material coming out of the source and then moves towards the cooled substrate, Fig. 6(b). Depending on the growth parameters (temperature of the source, base pressure and flux of the carrier gas) the deposited film can be crystalline or amorphous in nature. Devices fabricated using OVPD show a higher short-circuit current density than that of devices made using VTE. An extra layer of donor-acceptor hetero-junction at the top of the cell may block excitons, whilst allowing conduction of electron; resulting in improved cell efficiency.
Organic solar ink.
Plextronics Plexcore PV 2000 organic solar ink is able to deliver higher performance in "fluorescent" lighting conditions in comparison to amorphous silicon solar cells, and said to have a 30% to 40% increase in indoor power density in comparison to the standard organic solar technology.
Plextronics has also developed a manufacturing method that allows for low-temperature processing of OPV. While previous industry standard techniques required a glass substrate to be annealed at 110 °C or higher temperatures, this method enables annealing below 65 °C. It is expected to reduce manufacturing costs as it may enable the use of less expensive substrates, especially once the process is transferred to flexible substrates such as plastic.

</doc>
<doc id="18397256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397256" title="15 (Ani Lorak album)">
15 (Ani Lorak album)

15 is the tenth album by Ukrainian singer-songwriter Ani Lorak, released by Lavina Music.

</doc>
<doc id="18397260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397260" title="List of Ragusans">
List of Ragusans

Here follows a list of notable Ragusans and Rectors of the Republic of Ragusa (also known as the Republic of Dubrovnik), a maritime republic centered on the city of Dubrovnik on the eastern coast of the Adriatic.

</doc>
<doc id="18397261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397261" title="Walter Bowes">
Walter Bowes

Walter Bowes (1882–1957) was an English-born industrialist and sportsman who came to fame in the United States as the co-founder of Pitney Bowes.
An entrepreneur and salesman, he achieved great success as a businessman and also had a passion for racing yachts and horses.
He co-founded the Pitney-Bowes Postage Meter Company in 1920. Today, the company that bears his name, Pitney Bowes Inc., is a $6.1 billion provider of software, hardware and services related to documents, packaging, mailing and shipping, collectively referred to as the mailstream.
Biography.
Walter Bowes was born in Maw Street, Bradford, England, in 1882 and later moved to the United States. 
He began his career as a salesman. In one of his earliest jobs at the Addressograph Company, an Iowa-based manufacturer of addressing systems, he achieved some success—but quit the company after a year so he could sail his 23-foot sloop.
In 1908 he was selling check-endorsing machines, and a year later he bought the Universal Stamping Machine Company. Within a few years, his company had established relationships with the U.S. Postal Service, providing stamp-cancelling machines on a rental basis. Between 1912 and 1917 he achieved prominence in postal circles for his promotion of permit printing of mail. He expanded internationally, selling his machines to Germany, England and Canada. In 1917, he moved his operation to Stamford, Connecticut.
While he was successful selling stamp-cancelling machines, Bowes felt that postage stamps would become obsolete—and that a more automated way to apply postage could present opportunities. A postal official suggested he contact Arthur Pitney, an inventor who had been working on such a device for nearly two decades. When they met in 1919, Pitney had already invested $90,000 in his invention, his patents were expiring and his company, the American Postage Meter Company had had little to show for his efforts.
By 1919, the two men combined their firms and the Pitney-Bowes Postage Meter Company was born. While Pitney was the inventor, Bowes concentrated his activities in Washington, lobbying for the passage of the necessary legislation that would open the door for the postage meter. The United States Congress passed the enabling legislation in 1920, and the first piece of metered mail—a letter from Bowes to his wife—was posted on December 10, 1920. By 1922, 400 meters were in service, accounting for more than $4 million in postage.
While the company was growing, neither Pitney nor Bowes enjoyed this success. The two men were constantly at odds and in 1924, Arthur Pitney resigned from the company after a dispute with Bowes. After the co-founder’s departure, uncertainty reigned at Pitney Bowes and Bowes’ stepson, Walter Wheeler II, was promoted to general manager to instill leadership and find new direction.
A 1939 article in "Time" notes that “Walter Bowes is nervous, restless; he hates a desk and office hours, prefers to putter about his home.” An accomplished sportsman, he devoted much if his time to racing yachts and horses. In 1929, Bowes sailed his six-meter Saleema to an international championship.
Walter Bowes shifted from president to Chairman of Pitney Bowes in 1938. Two years later, he retired with a 10-year consulting contract. Bowes continued to enjoy the good life until his death in 1957 at the age of 75.
References.
• "FORTUNE Small Business", Meter Men, September 2002. [http://money.cnn.com/magazines/fsb/fsb_archive/2002/09/01/329002/index.htm]
• "Time", Mailomat, May 28, 2939 [http://www.time.com/time/magazine/article/0,9171,931276,00.html]
• "Reference for Business", History of Pitney Bowes. [http://www.referenceforbusiness.com/history2/95/Pitney-Bowes-Inc.html]
• "The Real People Behind Our Famous Brand Names" [http://famousbrandnames.blogspot.com/2007_02_08_archive.html]
• Pitney Bowes – Company History [http://www.pb.com]
Further reading.
• Cahn, William (1961). "The Story of Pitney-Bowes". New York: Harper & Brothers.

</doc>
<doc id="18397262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397262" title="St. Albertus Roman Catholic Church">
St. Albertus Roman Catholic Church

St. Albertus Roman Catholic Church is a church located at 4231 St. Aubin Street in Detroit, Michigan in the Forest Park neighborhood area on the city's central East side. It was designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1974 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
History.
The rise of Detroit brought a number of Polish immigrants into the city in the 19th century; by the mid-1850s, the number of Polish families who had settled in the city was significant. These Polish immigrants were primarily from the Prussian-controlled sections of the partitioned Poland, and naturally settled in and near the German-speaking sections of Detroit. They were joined, after the American Civil War, by Kashubian immigrants from what is now northwestern Poland. Many of these Poles and Kashubians first attended St. Joseph's, which was at the time a German-speaking church. However, the Polish congregants were dissatisfied, and agitated for a Polish church. 
In 1870, aided by Father Simon Wieczorek, the Poles took steps to organize their own parish. They organized the St. Stanislaus Kostka Society and, with the blessing then-administrator Bishop Caspar Borgess, began to collect funds to build of a church. In 1871, St. Albertus Parish was organized with three hundred or so Polish families. That same year, the parish purchased a plot of land, 100 feet wide and 270 feet deep, on the western side of St. Aubin Avenue and what is now East Canfield Street. They hired architect John Wiesenhoffèr, and construction of a frame church began in 1872.
The church was dedicated to St. Wojciech; early pastors borrowed the erroneous Latin equivalent Adalbertus, which is St. Albertus or St. Albert in English. The establishment of St. Albertus led to an influx of Poles into the immediate neighborhood in order to be close to the church. This influx resulted in Detroit's first Polish neighborhood, known among Detroiters as "Poletown."
St. Albertus went through four pastors until, in 1882, the charismatic Father Dominic Hippolytus Kolasiñski was appointed to the post. Appealing to his parishioners' national pride, he urged the construction of a larger church. The parish contracted architect Henry Engelbert to design a church to seat 2500 people, and the Spitzely Brothers of Detroit to build it for a cost of $61,000. Construction began in 1883, and the church was dedicated on July 4, 1885. At the time, the St. Albertus was the largest Catholic church in Michigan, and was the first in the City of Detroit to feature steam heat and electrical lighting.
Unfortunately, Father Kolasiñski was a very controversial priest, and in November 1885 the parish became factionalized which resulted in his suspension. Kolasiñski initially refused to leave his post, appealing his suspension to the bishop. However, pressure was brought to bear, and Kolasiñski eventually left Detroit for a pastorate in the Dakota Territory.
Kolasiñski's followers, however, remained estranged from the other St. Albertus congregants, and established their own church school. When John Foley became Bishop of Detroit in 1888, Father Kolasiñski returned to the city and established the Parish of the Sweetest Heart of Mary outside the jurisdiction of the Roman Catholic Diocese. Although subsequent years in the parish have been less tumultuous, St. Albertus is the mother church of more than 30 Polish Catholic churches, including Sweetest Heart of Mary, St. Josaphat, and St. Stanislaus.
A rectory building was constructed adjacent to the church in 1891 and a school was built immediately behind the church in 1917, replacing two earlier school buildings. The parish was closed in 1990 as part of a reorganization by the Archdiocese of Detroit. In 1991, a group of parishioners formed The Polish American Historic Site Association (PAHSA) to maintain and preserve this St. Albertus. The church still hosts monthly masses in Polish, English, and Latin, and is open for tours and weddings.
Rev. John A. Lemke, who was born in Detroit on February 10, 1866 as the son of Prussian-Polish immigrants, was the first native-born Roman Catholic priest of Polish descent to be ordained in the United States. He was baptized at nearby St. Mary's Church and attended St. Albertus for his primary education.
Description.
St. Albertus is a brick building long and wide, with a spire originally tall. The original spire of was shortened after being damaged in a windstorm on Good Friday of 1913.
Contrasting with the plain brick of the exterior, the interior of St. Albertus has an ornate Medieval flair. The altars, baptismal font, and the wainscot are made of patterned terra-cotta. The ceiling is ornately painted. Sixty-three pieces of painted plaster sculpture are within the church, and the windows are decorated with Medieval-style stained glass.

</doc>
<doc id="18397266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397266" title="David E. Aspnes">
David E. Aspnes

David Erik Aspnes (born 1 May 1939 in Madison, Wisconsin) is an American physicist and a member of the National Academy of Sciences (1998). Aspnes developed fundamental theories of the linear and nonlinear optical properties of materials and thin films, and the technology of spectroscopic ellipsometry (SE). SE is a metrology that is indispensable in the manufacture of integrated circuits.
Biography.
Aspnes grew up on a dairy farm in the Madison area, attending a one-room country school. Aspnes earned BS (1960) and MS (1961) degrees in Electrical Engineering at the University of Wisconsin - Madison. Having found that a good living could be made by doing work that wasn’t dirty and dangerous, he continued his education at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, where he received a Ph.D. degree in Physics with a mathematics minor in 1965. Aspnes spent a postdoctoral year at UIUC, where he wrote several seminal papers on the effect of electric fields on the optical properties of materials, and a second year at Brown University, where he began experimental work in the same field. In 1967 he joined the research area of Bell Laboratories, Murray Hill, as a Member of the Technical Staff.
At Bell Laboratories Aspnes pursued his interest in the optical properties of materials and thin films, and their use not only to characterize the type of material but also its nanostructure. Again combining theory and experiment, he developed SE as the premier method of obtaining this information. The technology that he developed, involving both massive data acquisition and methods of analysis, became a foundation of integrated-circuit (IC) technology, where SE is essential for ensuring that process parameters are under control and that results are within specification. Of the hundreds of processing steps used to make modern ICs, of the order of 100 of these are currently assessed by SE. While ICs are the result of progress in a number of areas, it is no exaggeration to say that current capabilities in electronics, computing, communications, and data storage would not be possible without the information provided by SE. The work also created a new field: this year (2013) the 6th International Conference on Spectroscopic Ellipsometry will be held in Kyoto, where many papers are reporting applications of SE to biology and medicine.
When the operating companies were divested from AT&T in 1984, Aspnes moved to Bellcore, the Bell Laboratories of the operating companies, where he continued research as Head of the Interface Physics and later Interface Physics and Optical Sciences Department. His work on the determination of the optical properties of materials during growth opened up a new field of reflectance-anisotropy spectroscopy, which allowed chemical reactions on surfaces to be followed in real time. Research done in his department included the development of liftoff, a technology currently widely used for joining dissimilar materials, and photonic band structure, which has itself expanded into the new field of photonics.
In 1992 Aspnes joined the Department of Physics of North Carolina State University, where he is presently a Distinguished University Professor of Physics. He is active in teaching, research, and administration both at NCSU and with external organizations. He is currently Chair of Class III of the National Academy of Sciences. He has published approximately 500 papers and holds 23 patents. In recognition of his many contributions to science and technology he is a Fellow of various organizations and has received numerous awards, including the 1987 Wood Prize of the Optical Society of America, the 1993 John Yarwood Memorial Medal of the British Vacuum Council, the 1996 Frank Isakson Prize of the American Physical Society, the 1998 Medard W. Welch Award of the American Vacuum Society, and the 2011 Mentor Award of the Society of Vacuum Coaters.

</doc>
<doc id="18397273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397273" title="Stansted Airport Transit System">
Stansted Airport Transit System

The Stansted Airport Track Transit System (TTS) is a fully automated people mover system located at London Stansted Airport in the United Kingdom
After opening in 1991 the system was extended in 1998 with an additional two underground stations to serve a second satellite building. The system is "airside" and is accessible only after clearing security.
Stations.
The Stansted Airport Transit System has three stations. Each of them are equipped with Platform Screen Doors.
Guideway.
The system is double track, with of track in total and includes a maintenance depot at one end. The system contains elevated and tunneled sections connecting the main terminal building with two satellite buildings, numbered 1 (gates 1 - 19) and 2 (gates 20 - 39).
Vehicles.
There are an original five Adtranz C-100 cars built by Westinghouse for the system. This was increased to a total of nine cars when four new Bombardier CX-100 cars were delivered during the 1998 expansion. During normal operation, eight out of the nine cars will be in service to maintain a 99.98% availability record. The cars can operate as single units or can be coupled to form two or three car trains. The trains are fully automated (driverless).

</doc>
<doc id="18397278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397278" title="This Stone Is a Bullet">
This Stone Is a Bullet

"This Stone is a Bullet" is a song by English punk rock band Dogs and is featured on their second studio album, "Tall Stories From Under The Table". Released on March 26, 2007, it was the first single taken from the album.

</doc>
<doc id="18397283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397283" title="Syro-Malankara Catholic Archeparchy of Tiruvalla">
Syro-Malankara Catholic Archeparchy of Tiruvalla

The Syro-Malankara Catholic Archeparchy of Tiruvalla is an archeparchy of the Syro-Malankara Catholic Church in Tiruvalla, in Kerala, India. Metropolitan Archbishop Aboon Mor Thomas Koorilos currently presides. The seat of the eparchy is at St. John's Syro-Malankara Catholic Cathedral in
Tiruvalla, a circular edifice designed by a British architect.
History.
The eparchy of Tiruvalla was erected in 1932, and raised to the status of an archeparchy in 2006. Its suffragan eparchies are those of Bathery, Muvattupuzha, and Puthil.
Current bishops.
The Metropolitan of Tiruvalla is Thomas Mar Koorilos, appointed in 2007. Auxiliary Bishop Philippos Mar Stephanos was appointed in 2010.
Statistics.
As of 2008, the archeparchy has an estimated 37,486 faithful, in 133 parishes, with 106 diocesan priests, 25 religious priests, 54 religious brothers, 267 religious sisters, and 33 seminarians.
The diocese of Tiruvalla took the initiative in founding the St. Ephrem Ecumenical Research Institute, a constituent college of the University of Kottayam, which specialises in Syriac studies.

</doc>
<doc id="18397284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397284" title="New Mermaids">
New Mermaids

New Mermaids is a series of critical editions of important English plays. They are published by A & C Black. They feature lengthy introductions and annotated texts in modern spellings. Most New Mermaids editions are of English Renaissance plays, but the series also includes some Restoration drama and plays by Oscar Wilde. 
Originally, the cover art for the volumes featured drawings of theatres of an appropriate era by C. Walter Hodges. Today, they feature a colourful, collage-style design.
The current general editors are Brian Gibbons of the University of Münster, William C. Carroll of Boston University and Tiffany Stern of University College, Oxford.

</doc>
<doc id="18397288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397288" title="Waterhole No. 3">
Waterhole No. 3

Waterhole #3 is a 1967 Western comedy film directed by William A. Graham. It is considered to be a comic remake of "The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly".
The film stars James Coburn, Carroll O'Connor and Margaret Blye. The cast also includes Bruce Dern, James Whitmore, Claude Akins, Joan Blondell, and Timothy Carey. The film's theme song is by Roger Miller. It is a Blake Edwards production.
Plot.
A shipment of gold bullion is stolen by three men in Arizona and buried near Waterhole No. 3. One of them is killed by Lewton Cole, who discovers a map to the buried treasure scrawled on a $20 bill.
The other two thieves, Army Sgt. Henry Foggers and his accomplice Hilb, set out to find Cole and the gold. Cole, meanwhile, gets a headstart on the local law enforcement after the killing by locking up Sheriff John Copperud and his deputy in their own jail.
Cole rides to the sheriff's ranch, steals his horse and forces himself on Billie, the sheriff's daughter. Copperud returns to the ranch and infuriates Billie by being more upset over losing his horse than about Cole's treatment of her.
An honest man is hard to find in these parts, except for a U.S. Cavalry captain named Shipley. It all ends with a long, wild gunfight as Cole and the outlaws go for the gold.

</doc>
<doc id="18397301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397301" title="Utah State Route 168">
Utah State Route 168

State Route 168 is a state highway in the state of Utah that spans from Riverdale, Utah to Hill Air Force Base in Weber County.
Route description.
This route is essentially a short access road to the former north gate at Hill Air Force Base. The southern terminus of this route is at the now-closed north gate of Hill Air Force Base. From there it travels downhill and northeast before turning north and ending at SR-60 (Riverdale Road).
History.
The road from Hill Air Force Base's north entrance to SR-60 was added to the state highway system in 1962 by the state legislature and has remained essentially unchanged since.

</doc>
<doc id="18397305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397305" title="Odetta at the Best of Harlem">
Odetta at the Best of Harlem

Odetta at the Best of Harlem is a live album by Odetta, released in 1976. It was recorded live at the club The Best of Harlem in Stockholm, Sweden.
It was her last release until 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="18397334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397334" title="List of European number-one hits of 1976">
List of European number-one hits of 1976

This is a list of the Europarade number-one singles of 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="18397339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397339" title="Julius Malema">
Julius Malema

Julius Sello Malema (born 3 March 1981) is the leader of the Economic Freedom Fighters, a South African political movement, which he founded in July 2013. He is also a former president of the African National Congress Youth League. Malema was a member of the ANC until his expulsion from the party in April 2012. Malema occupies a notably controversial position in South African public and political life; having risen to prominence with his support for African National Congress president, and later President of South Africa, Jacob Zuma. He has been described by both Zuma and the Premier of Limpopo Province as the "future leader" of South Africa. Less favourable portraits paint him as a "reckless populist" with the potential to destabilise South Africa and to spark racial conflict.
He was convicted of hate speech in March 2010 and again in September 2011. In November 2011 he was found guilty of sowing divisions within the ANC and, in conjunction with his two-year suspended sentence in May 2010, was suspended from the party for five years. In 2011, he was also convicted of hate speech after singing the song "Dubula iBunu" (Shoot the Boer).
On 4 February 2012 the appeal committee of the African National Congress announced that it found no reason to "vary" a decision of the disciplinary committee taken in 2011, but did find evidence in aggravation of circumstances, leading them to impose the harsher sentence of expulsion from the ANC. On 25 April 2012 Malema lost an appeal to have his expulsion from the ANC overturned, as this exhausted his final appeal, his expulsion took immediate effect. In September 2012 he was charged with fraud and moneylaundering. He appeared before the Polokwane Magistrates Court in November 2012 to face these charges, plus an additional charge of racketeering. The case was postponed to 23 April 2013, and then to 20 June. The State has proposed the trial date be set for 18 –to 29 November 2013.
Early life.
Malema, a Pedi, was born and grew up in Seshego, in the then Transvaal Province of South Africa. His mother was a domestic worker and a single parent. He joined the African National Congress's Masupatsela at the age of nine or ten. His main task at the time, was to remove National Party posters.
Education.
Malema graduated from Mohlakaneng High School in Seshego, Limpopo. In 2010, Malema completed a two-year diploma in youth development through University of South Africa (UNISA). In 2011 he enrolled at UNISA for a Bachelor of Arts degree in Communications and African languages.
Political career.
Early political career.
Malema was elected a chairman of the Youth League branch in Seshego and the regional chairman in 1995. In 1997 he became the chairman of the Congress of South African Students (Cosas) for the Limpopo province, and was elected as the national president of that organisation in 2001. In 2002, Malema led a Cosas march by school pupils, through the streets of Johannesburg that was marred by incidents of violence and looting.
Election as leader of ANC Youth League.
Malema was elected as the president of the ANC Youth League in April 2008. The election – and the conference – were characterised by intimidation, fraud and what Malema himself later described as "unbecoming conduct". The integrity of his election has been criticised and questioned. He was later re-elected unopposed for a second term on 17 June 2011 at Gallagher Estate in Midrand when Lebogang Maile, the only opposing nominee, declined the nomination.
September 2009 Nedbank controversy.
In September 2009 Julius Malema said that he would mobilize the society to withdraw their Nedbank accounts after the bank decided to withdraw its sponsorship from Athletics South Africa (ASA). Although Nedbank argued that the decision was made after dissatisfaction with the delivery of previous events, Malema suggested that the withdrawal was related to current controversy around ASA's President Leonard Chuene, who admitted that he was informed about the gender test which concluded that athletic Caster Semanya is a hermaphrodite and neglected to withdraw her from the World Championships where she won a gold medal.
Malema criticized the Deputy Sport Minister Gert Oosthuizen who had called for Chuene's resignation. Malema argued that there is no concept of a hermaphrodite in Pedi culture something he called "imposed on us by the imperialists" and said he did not understand Chuene's apology.
In a response, the parliamentary spokesman on Sport, Anton Alberts (Freedom Front Plus), said that Julius Malema was a "dilemma which can no longer be ignored" and should be addressed by the ANC.
April 2010 Zimbabwe visit.
In 3 April 2010, Malema visited Zimbabwe, in what was described as a visit on indigenisation. He was expected to meet Zimbabwean president Robert Mugabe. Upon landing in Harare, Malema was greeted by Zanu-PF supporters as well as Zimbabwe's Youth and Indigenization Minister Saviour Kasukuwere, and ZANU-PF Youth Chairman Absolom Sikhosana, as well as Zimbabwean business figures who had risen to prominence in recent years. Morgan Tsvangirai, Zimbabwean Prime Minister, condemned Malema's visit, after Malema criticised Tsvangirai's party, the Movement for Democratic Change (MDC). During the visit, he described Tsvangirai as an ally of "imperialists", and called for the Zimbabwe-style seizure of mines and farms in South Africa (see below). Youth organisations in Zimbabwe criticised Malema's visit, citing his controversial racial statements and alleged corruption. Malema's comments during the visit sparked fears that South Africa would follow Zimbabwe's chaotic land reform example. Malema also blamed the MDC for introducing political violence to Zimbabwe, and defended Robert Mugabe's political and human rights record.
On Malema's return from Zimbabwe, the ANC Youth league released a statement praising Mugabe and Zimbabwe's land seizures. It also called on South Africa's youth to follow the example of young people in Zimbabwe, and to engage in agriculture in order to reduce their dependence on white farmers. Malema's support within the ANC Youth League remains strong, although no longer monolithic.
Malema's visit came while President Jacob Zuma was trying to broker a political settlement in Zimbabwe, and reportedly caused concern among ANC officials, but Zuma himself blessed the visit. The ANC, however, in a later statement distanced itself from the ANC Youth League's electoral support of ZANU-PF.
Incident involving BBC journalist.
On 8 April 2010, at a Johannesburg media briefing covering his visit to Zimbabwe, Malema was involved in a racial abuse incident with Jonah Fisher, a BBC journalist. Malema had been criticising the Movement for Democratic Change for having offices in affluent Sandton, when BBC journalist Jonah Fisher commented that Malema himself lived in Sandton. Malema lashed out at Fisher, after Fisher described Malema's comments as rubbish. Malema was unapologetic about his actions, and accused Fisher of being disrespectful, and of coming from a country UK which undermined the credibility and integrity of African leaders. After the incident Malema said he expected an apology from Fisher However, the next day, the ANC issued a statement condemning Malema's actions during the news conference. On 10 April 2010, at a Durban news conference, where he characterised Malema's conduct as "alien to the ANC", President Jacob Zuma publicly criticised Malema's behaviour saying that "the manner in which a BBC journalist was treated at an ANC Youth League press conference is regrettable and unacceptable, regardless of any alleged provocation on his part", and said that he had spoken to Malema about his conduct by telephone. Malema remained defiant after Zuma's rebuke.
Disciplinary procedures by ANC.
On 18 April 2010, it was reported that Malema faced disciplinary procedures by the ANC for bringing it and the government into disrepute. The charges related to his endorsement of Robert Mugabe's ZANU-PF party during his visit to Zimbabwe, when President Jacob Zuma was trying to broker a negotiated settlement in the country, a controversial incident involving a BBC journalist, his comments on the murder of Eugène Terre'Blanche, and unfavorably comparing Zuma to his predecessor Thabo Mbeki, after Zuma called a press conference reprimanding Malema. Julius Malema faced a "hostile" disciplinary committee on 3 May 2010.
On 11 May 2010, Malema entered into a plea bargain, and three of the charges against him were dropped (the attack on the BBC journalist, his endorsement of Mugabe, and his singing of "Shoot the Boer" after it was banned). He pleaded guilty to criticising Zuma after Zuma publicly censured him, and was ordered by the disciplinary committee to make a public apology for his conduct, fined R10 000 to be donated to a youth development project, and to attend anger management classes. He was also warned of suspension from the ANC if he re-offended within two years. Malema complied, apologising "unconditionally", stating that he accepted that his "conduct and public utterances should at all times reflect respect and restraint".
Nationalisation and land redistribution.
Malema became a vocal advocate of nationalising South African mines. Although the ANC, including Mining Minister Susan Shabangu, and president Jacob Zuma made it clear that this was not ANC policy, Malema continued to advocate this position. Malema's opinions on nationalisation are shared by South Africa's large National Union of Mineworkers (NUM). At a public meeting at the University of Western Cape, Malema asked: "Why should we pay for our land?" He then advocated the return of land without compensation and the removal of the "willing buyer, willing seller" principle. At a 16 June Youth Day celebration, Malema accused white South Africans of "stealing land" and again advocated for the redistribution of land without compensation.
In April 2010 Malema led a youth delegation to Venezuela to study that country's nationalisation programme.
Other activities as Youth League president.
Malema campaigned enthusiastically for the ANC in the April 2009 elections. However, he was asked to leave Port Elizabeth's Dora Nginza Hospital after the head of the hospital noticed him and 20 other ANC members campaigning in the wards.
In an apparent effort to reach the new youth, Malema also began visiting schools. These visits were criticised by Deputy President of South Africa, and of the ANC, Kgalema Motlanthe for being disruptive to education.
In early 2010, Malema urged ANC Youth League members to join the South African National Defence Force, and said that there were plans for the Youth League leadership to join the reservist programme. The military training was confirmed in May 2010, with the naval training due to commence in September 2010.
In March 2010, in what was widely held to be a rebuke of Malema, the ANC's National Executive Committee (NEC) lashed out at the "new culture of public feuds, insults and personal attacks" and adopted a policy of disciplining those who became involved in public disputes with members of the governing ANC-SACP-COSATU alliance.
Malema's bid for a second term as Youth League president received a boost in 2010 when a number of Eastern Cape ANC Youth League regional conferences in the Eastern Cape elected candidates remained loyal to him, although there were some allegations of irregularities from Malema's opponents. In Malema's home province, Limpopo, a fiercely contested race for the Youth League presidency had been expected. The Limpopo meeting experienced vigorous discussion, on occasion degenerating into violence. Malema's rivals and journalists were reportedly ejected by police, at the behest of Malema.
Disciplinary review by ANC.
On 30 August 2011 Malema was subjected to a disciplinary hearing by the ANC. Malema's supporters held a rally in the center of Johannesburg that turned into a violent confrontation such as the country had not seen since the end of apartheid. Some of the protesters held placards with slogans like "South Africa for blacks only", that caused many disapproving reactions from the black community.
Malema subsequently submitted an application to have all charges against him revoked. The ANC's National Disciplinary Committee (NDC) met on 31 August 2011 and 1 September to deliberate on this application. The ruling was delivered at 09h00 on 2 September 2011. The NDC dismissed Malema’s application to have the charges quashed.
On 10 November 2011, Malema was found guilty of contravening Rules 25.5(c) and (i) of the ANC Constitution for expressing views at a press conference of the ANC Youth League on 31 July 2011 "which sought to portray the ANC government and its leadership under President Zuma in a negative light in relation to the African agenda and which had the potential to sow division and disunity in the ANC, and for expressing his personal views on Botswana which contravened ANC policy." Malema had said his league would establish a 'Botswana command team'. This team would work towards uniting all opposition forces in Botswana to oppose what he had called the puppet regime led by the Botswana Democratic Party. Malema was suspended from the ANC for five years.
Convictions handed down by the National Disciplinary Committee to ANC Youth League leaders were upheld by an appeals committee on Saturday 4 February 2012. As a result Malema was stripped of his title and party membership. The NDC was instructed by the National Disciplinary Committee of Appeal (NDCA) to hear evidence in mitigation and aggravation of sanction in the cases involving Sindiso Magaqa, Floyd Shivambu and Julius Malema.
On 29 February 2012, the National Disciplinary Committee, chaired by Derek Hanekom, announced the results of their review from Luthuli House. In their statement the NDC characterised the relationship between the ANC and the three respondents as "contractual in nature", bound by a "membership oath". It goes on to state that the respondents "were fully aware of the provisions of the ANC Constitution; they considered themselves bound by the ANC Constitution and they undertook to respect the ANC Constitution and its structures." The report characterised Malema as a repeat offender who was unrepentant and did not accept the findings of the disciplinary machinery of the ANC. Their conclusion in respect of Malema was: 
The NDC expelled Malema from the ANC, ordered him to vacate his position as President of the ANC Youth League, but gave him leave to appeal to the NDCA against sanction within 14 days. On 24 April 2012 the appeal process ended when the NDCA confirmed his expulsion with immediate effect.
October 2012 Zimbabwe visit.
Malema visited Zimbabwe in October 2012 to attend a wedding and to address the ZANU-PF Youth wing. Johannesburg's "Mail and Guardian" quoted the Zimbabwean Herald Online in a story, saying Malema had told the meeting: "He said the youths in South Africa were calling for whites to surrender land and minerals resources they hold because when they came from Europe they did not carry any land into South Africa."
Malema said whites committed murder to get land.
Malema told the youth he was in Zimbabwe to gain inspiration and wisdom, so that when he returned home he could "double the spirit of fighting against imperialist forces".
Malema also called on black Africans to have as many children as possible so as to increase dominance of 'our ideas' in the world at large and help catalyze world revolution.
Involvement in state contracts.
Reports about Malema's possible involvement in state tenders (contracts) began appearing in November 2009. Questions about his personal lifestyle were raised by the South African media. Some analysts suggest that this is also known as being a tenderpreneur, which is the early emergence of a form of kleptocracy, or predatory behaviour by a clique in the ruling elite, to generate personal wealth by capturing resources.
In March 2010, addressing the allegations at a rally at a university campus, Malema, sang the struggle song "shoot the Boer" (see below), and lashed out at opposition politicians. He also attacked COSATU general secretary Zwelinzima Vavi.
In August 2010, the Public Protector released a report which cleared Malema of involvement in state tenders in Limpopo. This was received with scepticism by some.
Threats to journalists.
A few weeks after the tender controversy was first reported, the ANC Youth League released the personal details of City Press Investigations Editor Dumisane Lubisi, his wife and his children, including their identity numbers, bank details, residential address and vehicle details. Lubisi had reported on the poor construction quality of the Limpopo projects carried out by Malema's firms. The ANCYL made claims that it had evidence that journalists were corrupt in several respects.
In response, a large group of political journalists complained to various authorities within the ANC and to the South African National Editors' Forum (SANEF) stating that they viewed the release as an attempt to intimidate them into not publishing further stories, and as a threat to media freedom. They further questioned how a political organisation obtained sensitive personal information without breaking the law. The "Sowetan" newspaper, in an editorial, called the steps to silence journalists "tyrannical", and accused the ANC Youth league of exploiting its closeness to "state and institutional power", to intimidate journalists who wrote about Malema. SANEF also released a statement supporting the journalists.
Malema then issued a statement that the ANCYL would continue to expose journalists.
Journalists Piet Rampedi and Adriaan Bassoon were subjected to various threats and forms of intimidation while covering a story on corruption by Julius Malema.
Investigation by the Hawks.
When he was overseas at a friend's wedding in Mauritius at the end of October 2011, it was reported in various South African media that Malema faced various charges of corruption, fraud and money laundering – these charges having been brought forward by the Special Investigative Unit, the Hawks. At the core of the allegations is the Ratanang Trust, a trust ostensibly set up by Malema and named for his son – with his son and grandmother listed as beneficiaries – but allegedly is the focal point for payments made by politically connected businessmen in return for lucrative state tenders, mostly in the impoverished Limpopo region.
Malema has since denied all wrongdoing, while various investigations continue.
A warrant was issued for Malema’s arrest in September 2012 on charges of fraud, money laundering and corruption, in relation to a government contract. The warrant was reportedly issued following an investigation into a tender awarded in 2010 to EduSolutions, to distribute textbooks to students in Limpopo. An investigation into the incident was launched by the Special Investigating Unit (SIU), SA Revenue Service (Sars) and the elite police unit, the Hawks, following the discovery of dumped textbooks near a dam in Giyani.
Money laundering and tax evasion charges.
On 26 September 2012, Malema was charged with money laundering, relating to his awarding of lucrative government contracts in Limpopo in return for an alleged 4 million rand in kickbacks. After a hearing at the court in Polokwane, he was granted bail of 10,000 rand.
Malema also faces charges of tax evasion to the tune of R16-million after it was revealed that he was linked to companies that obtained other lucrative contracts from the Limpopo government.
Racism controversies, hate speech convictions, and legal issues.
March 2010 hate speech conviction.
On 15 March 2010, Malema was convicted of hate speech by the Equality Court, fined R50 000 and ordered to apologise unconditionally, following a 2009 incident when he told a group of Cape Town students at a South African Students' Congress (SASCO) meeting that the woman who accused ANC president Jacob Zuma of rape had a "nice time" with him because in the morning she had "requested breakfast and taxi money" Following the conviction SASCO expressed "delight" at the ruling and attacked Malema for the "gratuitous abuse" of the platform that SASCO granted him.
"Shoot the Boer" song.
In March 2010, at a rally on a university campus Malema sang the lyrics "shoot the Boer" ("Dubul' ibhunu") from the anti-apartheid song "Ayasab' amagwala" (the cowards are scared) ("Boer" is the Afrikaans word for "farmer", but is also used as a term for any white person). His singing was compared to similar chants by deceased Youth League leader Peter Mokaba in the early 1990s, to "kill the boer", which had previously been defined as hate speech by the South African Human Rights Commission.
Malema's singing of the song led to a barrage of complaints against him, both to the police, and to the commission.
The ANC said "We wouldn't appreciate any statements against any member of our society, including whites... they are also South Africans", however, it "had not taken a decision in the matter".
The South Gauteng High Court ruled on 26 March 2010 that Malema's song (which he had continued singing at public gatherings) was "unconstitutional and unlawful", and that any person singing it could face charges of incitement to murder, stating that the song called for the killing of the "farmer/white man", however, the ANC defended the song. The ANC announced it would appeal the ruling. The North Gauteng High Court, on 1 April 2010 then granted an interdict preventing Malema from publicly uttering the words of this or any other song which could be considered to be instigating violence, distrust and/or hatred between black and white citizens in the Republic of South Africa" until the matter was heard by the Equality Court, to which the case was referred by the presiding judge.
In the aftermath of Eugène Terre'Blanche's April 2010 murder, senior leaders of the ANC temporarily banned the singing of the song, amid concerns that struggle songs were being used to "scapegoat" the ANC and to further racial hatred, and because of concerns that ANC leaders who continued singing the songs may have been in contempt of the court orders banning the singing of the song.
President Jacob Zuma, at a 10 April 2010 news conference, said Malema was "totally out of order" for ignoring ANC instructions to obey the court order banning the singing of the song. Zuma emphasised the constitutional role of the judiciary and the rule of law, and also said that the role of the judiciary "as the final arbiter in disputes" had to be respected, and that defiance of the proper procedures in place to challenge judicial rulings, made a "mockery of the judicial system" and "should not be tolerated".
Hate speech trial and conviction.
In April 2011 Afriforum brought a case of hate speech against Malema in regard to the song and several notable ANC figures such as Winnie Madikizela-Mandela and secretary-general Gwede Mantashe supported him in the court battle. Aggressive and patronizing questioning of black witnesses by lawyers for the Afrikaner groups bringing the suit reportedly allowed Malema to portray himself a victim of Afrikaner persecution.
On 12 September 2011, Malema was found guilty of hate speech.
December 2013 Arrest.
In December, 2013, Malema was arrested for allegedly speeding 215kph in a 120 kph zone in his BMW along the N1 near Vanderbijlpark, Gauteng. He was released on R5,000 bail.
Sexism.
A number of Malema's public statements have been described as sexist by commentators.
Depiction in mainstream media.
Malema is known for his controversial statements and has become a frequent target for lampooning. Initially, Cartoonists Zapiro and Jeremy Nell frequently drew him dressed in nappies. Some analysts depict him as an orator, with a broad appeal in the young, poor, and disadvantaged black electorate. More recently, as Malema's public profile has grown, he has been described by critics in the media as a "demagogue" and even a fascist. He was listed in "Time"s Least Influential People of 2010, whereas conversely "Forbes Magazine" named him as one of the "10 Youngest Power Men In Africa" in September 2011. Writing in the "Sowetan" Andile Mngxitama described Malema as "an opportunist who raised these issues land reform etc, not to solve them, but to trick the poor who have been waiting for a better life for all for almost 20 years now under your party's rule...Instead of leading the new struggle as a selfless leader of the poor, you only pay lip service to the plight of our people while you amass great amounts of wealth through your political influence.
Between 2010 and 2013 popular media have referred to the "Malema Dilemma" to describe the duality between Malema's electoral popularity and the consequences of his controversial statements. South-African country singer Tommy Dell released a protest song "Malema Dilemma" on the album "Die Pollotik" (with the pseudonym "Frikka Dell").
Financial problems.
In February 2013 it was reported that Malema's property would be auctioned off to pay a R16.1 million debt he owed the South African Revenue Service (SARS) after he failed to meet payment deadlines for unpaid taxes.
Reemergence in politics.
In June 2013 Julius Malema started canvassing for his political party called the Economic Freedom Fighters. The South African president at a meeting with the SA National Editors’ Forum stated that the ruling party does not see this development as a threat. While still on trial for money laundering and racketeering charges Malema started appealing for funds for the new political party.
Political ideology.
According to Zackie Achmat, and some other commentators, Malema is a proponent of an "emerging fascism in South Africa." Mamphela Ramphele has expressed similar views. He has also often been described as a 'demagogue'.

</doc>
<doc id="18397344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397344" title="Flekkefjord Dampskipsselskap">
Flekkefjord Dampskipsselskap

Flekkefjord Dampskipsselskap AS is a Norwegian shipping company that operates the Kvellandstrand–Launes Ferry and the Abelnes–Andabeløy Ferry outside Flekkefjord in Vest-Agder, Norway. The company is a subsidiary of Tide.

</doc>
<doc id="18397365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397365" title="Yavuz Selim Mosque">
Yavuz Selim Mosque

The Yavuz Selim Mosque, also known as the Selim I Mosque and the Yavuz Sultan Selim Mosque () is an Ottoman imperial mosque located top of the 5th Hill of Istanbul, Turkey, overlooking the Golden Horn. Its size and geographic position make it a familiar landmark on the Istanbul skyline.
History.
The Yavuz Selim Mosque is the second oldest existent imperial mosque in Istanbul. It was commissioned by the Ottoman sultan Suleiman the Magnificent in memory of his father Selim I who died in 1520. The architect was Alaüddin (Acem Alisi). The mosque was completed in 1527/8. Attempts have been made to associate the structure with the famous imperial architect Mimar Sinan, but there is no supporting documentary evidence, and the date of the mosque is too old. However, one of the "türbe" in the garden of the mosque is a work of Sinan (see below).
Architecture.
Exterior.
The mosque was built on a terrace overlooking the Cistern of Aspar, the largest of the three Roman reservoirs in Constantinople. The large courtyard ("avlu") has a colonnaded portico with columns of various types of marble and granite. The mosque itself is decorated with very early examples of İznik tiles. The mosque is flanked by twin minarets.
Interior.
The interior plan of the mosque is a simple square room, 24.5 meters on each side, covered by a shallow dome 32.5 meters in height. As with the Hagia Sophia, the dome is much shallower than a full hemisphere. The windows are decorated with lunettes of İznik tiles. To the north and south of the main room, domed passages led to four small domed rooms, which were intended to function as hospices for traveling dervishes.
The türbe.
Located in the garden behind the mosque and overlooking the Golden Horn is the "türbe" of Sultan Selim I. The building is externally octagonal, and has a porch decorated with panels of tiles of unique design. 
A second octagonal "türbe" with a long inscription carved into the stonework of the exterior contains the tombs of four children of Suleiman the Magnificent. It dates from 1556, and is attributed to Mimar Sinan. The third "türbe" in the garden is that of Sultan Abdülmecid I, built shortly before his death in 1861.

</doc>
<doc id="18397391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397391" title="Jayne Sharp">
Jayne Sharp

Jayne Sharp (born 20 July 1977) is an English broadcaster who is a former host of "Bingo Night Live" on ITV1.
Early life.
Sharp is from Durkar in Wakefield, West Yorkshire. Before presenting, Sharp went to the University of Lincolnshire and Humberside to study Media and Film, achieving a BA Hons degree. Her first job in TV was as a runner on Family Affairs, and she also worked in "Durkar Fisheries", a fish and chip shop.
Presenting career.
Sharp has previously hosted "Dial-a-Date" (ITV1), "Live With Christian O'Connell" (Five), "Bad Lads Army" (ITV2), "50 Years 50 Records" (ITV1 and ITV2), "Glory Ball Live" (Challenge), (owned at the time by then boyfriend Chris Evans), "Wudja Cudja" (ITV) and "Little Monsters" on Sky One.
On a number of occasions throughout 2010, Sharp guest presented Live From Studio Five, taking the place of Melinda Messenger, Kate Walsh and Emma Willis whilst they were indisposed.
Writing.
Sharp writes a column for "What Woman Want", a monthly supplement for the Wakefield Express.
Personal life.
Sharp has a daughter, Nicole Katherine Vitty (born 2 August 2007) by Comedy Dave. The couple married 23 August 2008. On 22 April 2011 it was announced they were getting divorced.
Sharp had also previously dated and lived with media mogul Chris Evans.

</doc>
<doc id="18397397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397397" title="Wöllmarshausen">
Wöllmarshausen

Wöllmarshausen is a village in the Garte valley in the municipality ("Gemeinde") Gleichen in the district Göttingen, Germany. The nucleated village of 401 residents (as of December 31, 2005) is primarily agricultural. There are a number of natural springs in and around the wooded village.
Government.
Mayor: Joachim Klabunde 

</doc>
<doc id="18397417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397417" title="Cefovecin">
Cefovecin

Cefovecin (INN) is an antibiotic of the cephalosporin class, licensed for the treatment of skin infections in cats and dogs. It is marketed by Zoetis under the trade name Convenia. It is the first single dose injectable antibiotic for dogs and cats that assures compliancy of dosage for the animal. It is used for the treatment of skin infections caused by "Pasturella multocida" in cats, and "S. intermedius"/ "S. canis" in dogs. The advantage of using injectable antibiotics is not missing a dosage that can allow partially resistant microbes to strike recover during missed dosage. It is highly effective but should not be used in pregnant or lactating animals or in animals with a history of allergies to penicillin or cephalosporin drugs.
Approval and usage.
Cefovecin was first authorized for use in the European Union on June 2006. It was not approved for use in the United States until June 2008.
It is approved as a broad spectrum fourth group cephalosporin subcutaneous injection lasting 14 days. It is for treating skin and soft tissue infections.
Precautions.
Contraindications include known allergies to cefovecin or antibiotics containing ß-lactam rings such as penicillin or cephalosporins. Adverse reactions can include anaphylaxis that requires long term treatment due to the long clearance time of 65 days. Not for usage in humans and should be kept out of reach of children. Individuals with similar known allergies should avoid dermal contact when handling the drugs. 
Adverse reactions in dogs can include lethargy, decreased appetite, vomiting, diarrhea, blood in feces, flatulence. Adverse reactions in cats can include vomiting, diarrhea, decreased appetite, lethargy, odd hyper behavior, inappropriate urination. Mildly increased serum ALT and gamma glutamyl transferase have been noted.
Effectiveness.
Cefovecin functions by interfering with cell wall synthesis. The chemical covalently binds to the so-called penicillin-binding proteins (PRPs). Due to the high protein binding of the chemical the drug is not effective against "E. coli" and is not effective against "Pseudomonas spp". or enterococci. 
In drug studies, cefovecin administered to dogs was 92.4% effective against skin infections (secondary superficial pyoderma, abscesses, and infected wounds). In cats, cefovecin was 96.8% effective against skin infections.

</doc>
<doc id="18397422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397422" title="Patrik Sandell">
Patrik Sandell

Patrik Sandell (born April 21, 1982) is a rally driver from Sweden. Sandell won the Swedish Junior Championship in 2004 and the Swedish Group N3 Championship in 2005. In 2006, he won the Junior World Rally Championship (JWRC) title driving for Renault. In 2008, Sandell contests both the JWRC and the Production World Rally Championship (PWRC).

</doc>
<doc id="18397425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397425" title="Chained to No-One">
Chained to No-One

"Chained to No-One" is a song by English punk rock band Dogs and is featured on their second studio album, "Tall Stories From Under The Table". Released on December 2, 2007 as a download-only single, it was the third single taken from the album.

</doc>
<doc id="18397434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397434" title="Mark Stein">
Mark Stein

Mark or Marc Stein may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18397437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397437" title="Daily Deal">
Daily Deal

Daily Deal may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18397442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397442" title="Cetriporis">
Cetriporis

Cetriporis (Ancient Greek, "Κετριπορις", an anthroponym from the Thracian language ) was a king of the Odrysian kingdom in western Thrace from c. 352 BC, in succession to his father Berisades, with whom he may already have been a co-ruler. He and his father had entered into an alliance with Athens and the Illyrians against Philip II of Macedonia in 358 BC. As king, Cetriporis controlled only part of the realm, the remainder being in the possession of his rivals and relatives Amadocus II and Cersobleptes. The portion under his sway included coastal areas, the region including Lake Prasias inland of Amphipolis, and the silver mines of Akhladhokhori.
After his father died, Cetriporis was in conflict with Cersobleptes, who had declared war. At the same time he remained part of the coalition against Philip; Philip defeated the coalition in 353 BC. Cetriporis himself appears to have been subjected by Philip early in 347 BC, at which time the silver mines also passed under the control of the Macedonian ruler. Later in the same year Cersobleptes and Amadocus met a similar fate, having appealed to Philip to arbitrate a dispute between them and then been forced to acknowledge his suzereinty when the "judge" showed up with an army.

</doc>
<doc id="18397459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397459" title="Alages">
Alages

Alages may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18397475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397475" title="Movin' It On">
Movin' It On

"Movin' It On" is a live album by American folk singer Odetta, released in 1987. It is a recording of a concert at The Wisconsin Union Theatre, Madison, Wisconsin and is her first release in 12 years. It is out of print.

</doc>
<doc id="18397516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397516" title="Musée d'Aquitaine">
Musée d'Aquitaine

The Museum of Aquitaine (French: "Musée d'Aquitaine") is a collection of objects and documents from the history of Bordeaux and Aquitane.
Location.
In the center of Bordeaux, close to Tour Pey-Berland and St. Andrew's Cathedral, the museum is accessible by line B of the tramway de Bordeaux from station Musée d'Aquitaine.

</doc>
<doc id="18397529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397529" title="Mirek's Cellebration">
Mirek's Cellebration

Mirek's Cellebration (abbreviated MCell) is a 32-bit Windows freeware program designed by Polish computer programmer Mirek Wójtowicz for running one-dimensional and two-dimensional cellular automata (CA).
The program, currently in Version 4.20, supports more than 300 CA rules and over 1,000 pattern files in 14 different families including "Life," "Large than Life," "Vote for Life," "Weighted Life"," "1-D binary CA," "1-D totalistic CA" and “Generations."
A Java-based version, Mirek’s Java Cellebration, is an applet that plays more than 300 CA rules and more than 1,400 patterns.

</doc>
<doc id="18397562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397562" title="Charles Strine">
Charles Strine

Charles W. Strine (1867 - April 7, 1907) was a theatrical and opera official who managed the Ellis Opera Company in its 1898 and 1899 cross-country tours and Sarah Bernhardt during her 1905 - 1906 tour of the United States. In 1904 he was engaged as associate manager of the Tivoli Opera House in San Francisco, California and the following year he assumed responsibility for the highly successful (and lucrative) San Francisco residency of Conreid's Metropolitan Opera Company. Earlier Strine had been a co-manager of the Grand Opera House in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, where he was born. Strine had a second career in the newspaper industry, particularly with "The Philadelphia Record".
Strine left Bernhardt in 1906 to undertake management of the entire cross-county tour of the Conried Metropolitan Opera Company. The tour ended disastrously after the 1906 San Francisco Earthquake with Shrine losing all of his profits. A few days before the quake, he had been named manager of a proposed new 2000-seat San Francisco theatre, which never materialized due to the earthquake and subsequent fires. He died in 1907 at Boothby Hospital in Boston, Massachusetts, a week after unsuccessful surgery for an appendicitis
References.
Mar 26, 1899. “Assistant Manager Strine of the Ellis Opera Company.” San Francisco Chronicle p. 25
Mar 28, 1904. “To Aid Tivoli Management: Charles W. Strine Coming from New York to Fill the Position of Associate Manager.” San Francisco Chronicle, p. 7.
Sep 23, 1904. “Conried to Bring His Stars Here: ‘Parsifal’ and Other Splendid Productions Will Be Sung by the World’s Greatest Artists.” San Francisco Chronicle p. 16.
Apr 15, 1906. A GRAND OPERA-HOUSE AT UNION SQUARE, San Francisco Chronicle pg. 29

</doc>
<doc id="18397569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397569" title="Joseph Küffner">
Joseph Küffner

Joseph Küffner ("Kueffner") (March 31, 1776 in Würzburg – September 9, 1856 in Würzburg) was a German musician and composer, a contemporary of Beethoven.
Life.
He was a violinist with the Würzburg court orchestra, and was later, when Würzburg became part of Bavaria (1802), assigned to take charge of military music. At this point he became bandmaster with a Bavarian Army regiment.
Music.
A quintet of Küffner's for clarinet and strings was once attributed to Carl Maria von Weber, and is still recorded in collections of Weber's music. He composed seven symphonies and a large number of works for various chamber music combinations. His output also contains a substantial quantity of music for classical guitar (some of it still published as of 2008 and some newly reprinted).

</doc>
<doc id="18397575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397575" title="Mobile Robotics Laboratory at IISc">
Mobile Robotics Laboratory at IISc

The Mobile Robotics Laboratory (MRL) is a division of the Guidance, Control and Decision Systems Laboratory in the Department of Aerospace Engineering, Indian Institute of Science, Bangalore, India. It is headed by Dr. Debasish Ghose, Professor. MRL was established in 2002 and aspires to be one of the leading robotic research centers in India.
Research Overview.
MRL was started with the primary aim of performing research in the fields of Swarm robotics, Multi-Robot Systems and Cooperative Robotics with applications to tasks such as cooperative transportation, robotic formations, cooperative search/rescue, and odor source localization. Several robotic platforms have been built in-house and used in real-robot-experiments in order to validate algorithms related to some of the above research problems.
Over the years research has also extended in the fields of computer vision, Simultaneous Localization and Mapping SLAM and Aerial Robotics.
Projects Undertaken.
Glowworm Swarm Optimization (GSO): A Bio-inspired Optimization Paradigm.
The glowworm swarm optimization (GSO) algorithm is an optimization technique developed for simultaneous capture of multiple optimums of multi-modal functions. The algorithm utilizes agents called glowworms which use a luminescent quantity called Luciferin to (indirectly) communicate the function-profile information at their current location to their neighbors. The glowworm depends on a variable local-decision domain, which is bounded above by a circular sensor range, to identify its neighbors and compute its movements. Each glowworm selects a neighbor that has a Luciferin value more than its own, using a probabilistic mechanism, and moves towards it.These movements that are based only on local information enable the swarm of glowworms to split into disjoint subgroups, exhibit simultaneous taxis-behavior towards, and rendezvous at multiple optimums (not necessarily equal) of a given multi-modal function. The algorithm was tested on a custom designed system of robots called Kinbots.
Histogramic Intensity Switching: Vision Based Obstacle Avoidance Algorithm.
Histogramic intensity switching (HIS) is a vision-based obstacle avoidance algorithm developed in the lab. It makes use of histograms of images captured by a camera in real-time and does not make use of any distance measurements to achieve obstacle avoidance. An improved algorithm called the HIS-Dynamic mask allocation (HISDMA) has also been designed. The algorithms were tested on an in-house custom built robot called the VITAR.
Multi-robot Simultaneous Localization and Mapping (SLAM).
Implementation of occupancy grid mapping using a miniature mobile robot equipped with a set of five infrared based ranging sensors is explored in this research. Bayesian methods are used to update the map.Another variant of this technique will utilize a single IR-range sensor to obtain range to different distinctive features in the surrounding environment and utilize the readings obtained to make the SLAM converge.These techniques will be extended to a swarm of robots. These robots would communicate using the ZigBee protocol among themselves and with a global coordinator (PC) which would be responsible for map merging. Simulation experiments are being carried out using the Player/Stage software. The robotic platform is built using a custom designed set of swarm robots called Glowworms.
Quad-rotor UAVs.
A quadrotor micro-air-vehicle (MAV) is a rotor-based craft with four rotors, usually placed at the corners of a square frame. The four motor speeds (and hence thrusts) are the control inputs which result in motion of the quadrotor. The dynamics of this vehicle are fast and highly coupled, and hence presents a challenging control problem.A quadrotor and control test-bed has been fabricated in-house at the Mobile Robotics Lab. Experiments on control are being conducted on the quadrotor, beginning with yaw, pitch and roll stabilization.
Robots Developed Inhouse.
Kinbots.
A robotic platform consisting of four wheeled-mobile robots have been developed in the lab for multi-robot testing. They are similar in principle to Braitenberg Vehicles and use simple perception/interaction/actuation techniques to achieve individual vehicle complexity and produce effective group behavior through cooperation. These robots have been used to test out the GSO algorithm
Glowworms.
These miniature robots are developed based on Kinbots.
VITAR - Vision Based Tracked Autonomous Robot.
VITAR (Vision based Tracked Autonomous Robot) consists of a tracked mobile robot equipped with a pan-tilt mounted vision sensor, an on board PC, driver electronics, and a wireless link to a remote PC. It has been utilized to test vision based algorithms such as the HIS and the HIS-DMA.

</doc>
<doc id="18397583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397583" title="London Bridge/End of an Era">
London Bridge/End of an Era

"London Bridge/End Of An Era" is a double A-side single by English punk rock band Dogs. The single was released on November 15, 2004 and both songs would later feature on the band's debut studio album, "Turn Against This Land". London Bridge was featured on the video game FIFA 06, released in 2005 by EA Sports.

</doc>
<doc id="18397590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397590" title="Torsten Löwgren">
Torsten Löwgren

Torsten Konrad Löwgren (1903 – 1991) was a Swedish painter, born in Gävle. He studied at "Lennart Berggrens målarskola" in Stockholm, and at the Royal Swedish Academy of Arts. He painted landscapes from Stockholm and its surroundings.

</doc>
<doc id="18397614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397614" title="Mike Veon">
Mike Veon

Michael R. Veon (born January 19, 1957) is a former member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives, representing the 14th District from 1985 through 2006.
Personal life.
Veon is a 1975 graduate of Beaver Falls High School. Veon attended Allegheny College, where he graduated in 1979 with a degree in political science. In March 1977, he and six of his fraternity brothers were arrested after breaking into a half dozen mobile homes in Hadley, Pennsylvania, as a fraternity prank. Police charged the fraternity brothers with burglary, theft, and criminal conspiracy for taking furniture, a range and an oil furnace. They paid $1,500 in restitution and the charges were reduced to summary citations.
Political career.
After graduation, he worked for then-State Representative Joe Kolter's 1982 campaign for Pennsylvania's 4th congressional district. Kolter was successful, and Veon remained on Kolter's staff until 1984, when, at the age of 29, Veon resigned to run for state representative.
Veon defeated Barry Alderette, the man who succeeded Kolter in the 14th legislative district, by several hundred votes in a multi-candidate primary for the Democratic nomination. Alderette had raised the ire of Beaver County residents and opened the door for Veon with his support for a pay raise for House members.
As a young member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives, Veon rose quickly through the ranks, forging a lasting alliance with Bill DeWeese. As a favorite of organized labor, he opposed replacement workers, and supported a hike in the minimum wage. He helped pass bills criminalizing sexual harassment and allowing women to seek pre-emptive Protection From Abuse orders. He sponsored the bill reserving mass transit seats for the disabled. In 1993, he pushed to repeal Pennsylvania's version of the Hatch Act, which prohibited public employees from campaigning on state time. As DeWeese ascended to the top of the Democratic leadership, Veon rose from Democratic policy chairman to be Democratic whip, the second-highest position in the caucus.
Even as his power increased in Harrisburg, Veon maintained focus on his constituents with a strong district office operation. In a 2002 PoliticsPA Feature story designating politicians with yearbook superlatives, he was named the "Hardest Working."
In 1992, Veon ran for the U.S. House of Representatives against his former boss, Joe Kolter, when Kolter was reported, in a taped conversation, as having made ethnic slurs and saying he would do anything for votes. Kolter was later implicated in the Congressional Post Office scandal. Veon came in second in a field of four candidates that also included Ron Klink, the victor, and fellow state Representative Frank LaGrotta.
In 2002, he was named to the PoliticsPA list of Best Dressed Legislators.
Veon lost his seat as the result of a pay raise controversy. After the Pennsylvania General Assembly raised its pay in a late-night vote, popular anger caused the legislature to repeal the pay raise, but Veon was the only member of either house to vote against repeal. All three individuals opposing Veon — one in the Democratic primary, and two in the Republican — publicly opposed the pay raise, but he strongly defended his actions, saying that the increased compensation was only right for the amount of work required of a state legislator. Although Veon won his primary election, he was defeated by Republican Jim Marshall, a member of the Big Beaver borough council who saw his victory as the result of votes against Veon, rather than primarily votes for him.
Indictments and conviction.
July 2008.
On July 10, 2008, Pennsylvania Attorney General Tom Corbett announced that his office filed criminal charges against 12 individuals connected to the 2006 Pennsylvania General Assembly bonus controversy. Veon, who had been the House minority whip at the time of the alleged crimes, was charged with 11 counts each of conflict of interest, theft by unlawful taking or disposition, theft of services, theft by deception, theft by failure to make required disposition of funds. The charges carry a maximum sentence of 381 years in prison and $805,000 in fines.
March 2009.
On March 25, 2009, Attorney General Corbett announced further charges of corruption, unrelated to the previous charges, were filed against Veon and associate Annamarie Perretta-Rosepink. The indictment includes 25 counts of theft, and one count each of conflict of interest and criminal conspiracy against Veon and three counts of theft and one count each of conflict of interest, criminal conspiracy and misapplication of entrusted property against Perretta-Rosepink. The charges stem from millions on dollars in state money funneled through earmarks for local economic development into the nonprofit Beaver Initiative for Growth, founded by Veon and former state Senator Gerald LaValle in 1992, and used the money for his own personal and political gain, including such things as bonus checks for employees who performed political campaign work.
Verdict.
On March 23, 2010, after a week of deliberation, a Dauphin County jury found Veon guilty on 14 counts related to using taxpayer-paid bonuses to reward state workers for campaign efforts, illegal campaign fund-raising, other campaign efforts and a single count of conflict-of-interest for having aides drive two motorcycles to a North Dakota rally. Also convicted were two former aides, Brett Cott, found guilty on three counts, and Annamarie Perretta-Rosepink, found guilty on five counts. A third aide, Stephen Keefer, was acquitted of all charges against him. Veon's attorney, Dan Raynak, vowed to appeal. On June 18, 2010, Veon was sentenced to six to fourteen years imprisonment by Common Pleas Judge Richard A. Lewis.
Incarceration.
In July, 2010, Veon now "Inmate No. JP4714" was jailed in the State Correctional Institution – Laurel Highlands minimum security prison. Veon was assigned to Block H. Opened a year ago, Block H has concrete floors, traditional-style prison cells with metal doors that lock and a day room that resembles an airport terminal, with rows of blue plastic chairs. Each cell has a set of metal bunk beds, two stools, a toilet, a stainless steel table attached to the wall and a tall, narrow window. The cells are cramped, the doors are locked at night and inmates are required to sit, not wander, in the day room, where they play games such as Monopoly or Parcheesi. The beds are made of sheet metal and topped with 4-inch-thick, plastic-covered mattresses that provide little cushioning. Typically, Block H is for offenders who need more supervision and not for white-collar criminals who follow the rules. Veon's job is that of a tutor, which pays $0.42 per hour.

</doc>
<doc id="18397633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397633" title="Cold Spring (Shepherdstown, West Virginia)">
Cold Spring (Shepherdstown, West Virginia)

Cold Spring is a house near Shepherdstown, West Virginia, childhood home to two United States Representatives. The house was built by Edward Lucas III and his son, Robert in 1793. It is a two-story house of coursed ashlar stone masonry.
Several of Robert and Sarah Rion Lucas' children were notable. Edward Lucas V served as a lieutenant in the War of 1812, then was elected to the Virginia House of Delegates in 1819, 130 and 1831. From 1833 to 1837 he was a US Congressman. Following his political career he was the superintendent of the Harpers Ferry Armory.
William Lucas became a lawyer. In 1838 he was elected to the Virginia House of Delegates, and in 1839 he was elected to Congress. In 1836 he built Rion Hall near Halltown, West Virginia.
A third brother, Robert, inherited Cold Spring, leaving it to his nephew, Daniel Bedinger Lucas in 1880. 

</doc>
<doc id="18397636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397636" title="A Fool and His Money">
A Fool and His Money

A Fool and His Money is a 1925 silent film starring William Haines and Madge Bellamy and is based on a novel by George Barr McCutcheon. The film was directed by Erle C. Kenton and was filmed before in 1920. That version starred Eugene O'Brien and Rubye De Remer. 

</doc>
<doc id="18397642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397642" title="Debarment">
Debarment

Debarment is the state of being excluded from enjoying certain possessions, rights, privileges, or practices and the act of prevention by legal means. For example, companies can be debarred from contracts due to allegations of fraud, mismanagement, and similar improprieties. Firms, individuals, and non-governmental organizations can be debarred.
In cross-debarment, organizations and agencies agree to mutually exclude others based on debarment by affiliates. 
As an amendment to the U.S. Food and Drugs Act.
Debarment is a penalty set forth in a 1992 amendment to the Food and Drugs Act, which the U.S. Food and Drug Administration can, and sometimes must, impose on persons or companies that engage in criminal conduct with respect to the development or approval of new drugs. The penalty itself is a prohibition against that person or company from submitting or assisting in the submission of such an application. By statute, it only applies to applications for approval of new drugs, and not to applications for other approvals granted by the FDA, such as changing a prescription drug to over-the-counter status, or approving a new food additive.
As of April 2009, the FDA has debarred 73 persons, an average of less than five per year, of which all but 9 were permanently debarred. The FDA has never debarred a company.
Constitutional issues.
In the earliest debarment cases, following the passage of the laws permitting the imposition of this penalty, the penalty was imposed on persons who had committed the offending acts had done so before the passage of those laws. They therefore argued that the application of this penalty to them was an unconstitutional "ex post facto" application of the law. Another constitutional issue raised was double jeopardy, it being argued that persons who had been tried, convicted, and sentenced to a particular punishment by a court of law could not be further penalized for the same offense. The courts rejected these arguments based on the finding that debarment was not intended as a punishment but rather as a means of protecting the public from persons who had exhibited the capacity for engaging in such conduct.

</doc>
<doc id="18397669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397669" title="Aballava">
Aballava

Aballava or Aballaba (with the modern name of Burgh by Sands) was a Roman fort on Hadrian's Wall, between Petriana (Stanwix) to the east and Coggabata (Drumburgh) to the west. It is about one and a half miles south of the Solway Firth, and its purpose was to guard the south end of two important Solway fords, the Peat Wath and the Sandwath, favourite routes for medieval border raiders.
Description.
The fort is five and a half miles west of Stanwix. The word 'Aballava' means 'Orchard'.
The fort was an oblong, straddling the Wall, and measured north to south by east to west, occupying an area of . Only the location of the eastern wall is known for certain. It is believed that it was built over the site of turret 71b. There is a fortified border church on the site built almost entirely of Roman stones, and it is believed that this stands on the site of the principia of the fort.
There was a vicus to the south-west of the fort, and it is believed that a cemetery existed to the south of the fort.
Garrison.
The second-century garrison was the First Ala of Tungrorum, followed by a mixed cavalry regiment called the First Cohort of Nerva’s Own Germans, one thousand strong. The third-century garrison was a mounted detachment (cuneus) of Frisians, followed by an infantry detachment (numerus) of Aurelian Moors.
Excavations.
Excavations were carried out in 1922, during which it was established that the fort straddled the Wall.
Two other forts were found on the same site, by aerial photography, in 1976 and 1977. The second fort, discovered in 1976, and excavated 13 years earlier, is thought to pre-date Hadrian's Wall. It has been claimed that this fort was an extension to the Stanegate system of forts, but this is largely conjecture.
A small scale excavation 200 metres south of the fort undertaken by Headland Archaeology uncovered a group of features associated with the vicus. Features included post-pits for a substantial building, postholes and beamslots relating to other timber buildings and shallow ditches and gullies; all dated to the mid-2nd century. There was no evidence for the later 2nd and 3rd century occupation identified during the previous investigations, suggesting some discontinuity in the use of the site.

</doc>
<doc id="18397677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397677" title="The Keys to the White House">
The Keys to the White House

The Keys to the White House is a 1996 book about a historically based prediction system for determining the outcome of presidential elections in the United States. The system, inspired by earthquake research, was developed in 1981 by American historian Allan Lichtman and Russian scientist Vladimir Keilis-Borok, an authority on the mathematics of prediction models. The model has a record of accurate forecasts but has been criticised by some statisticians as including too many predictors to be a sound model and for forecasting only the winner of elections rather than the vote share of the winning party.
The Keys System.
The Keys are based on the theory that presidential election results turn primarily on the performance of the party controlling the White House and that campaigning by challenging an incumbent-party candidates will have no impact on results. According to this theory, a pragmatic American electorate chooses a president based on the performance of the party holding the White House as measured by the consequential events and episodes of a term - economic boom and bust, foreign policy successes and failures, social unrest, scandal, and policy innovation.
If the nation fares well during the term of the incumbent party, that party wins another four years in office; otherwise, the challenging party prevails. According to the Keys model, nothing that a candidate has said or done during a campaign, when the public discounts conventional electioneering as political spin, has changed his prospects at the polls. Debates, advertising, television appearances, news coverage, and campaign strategies count for virtually nothing on Election Day.
Through the application of pattern recognition methodology used in geophysics to data for American presidential elections from 1860 (the first election with a four-year record of competition between Republicans and Democrats) Lichtman and Keilis-Bork developed 13 diagnostic questions that are stated as propositions that favor reelection of the incumbent party. When five or fewer of these propositions are false or turned against the party holding the White House, that party wins another term in office. When six or more are false, the challenging party wins.
Unlike many alternative models, the Keys include no polling data, but are based on the big picture of how well the party in power and the country are faring prior to an upcoming election. In addition, the Keys do not presume that voters are driven by economic concerns alone. Voters are less narrow-minded and more sophisticated than that; they decide presidential elections on a wide-ranging assessment of the performance of incumbent parties, all of which are reflected in one or more Keys.
Answers to the questions posed in the Keys require the kinds of judgments that historians typically make about the past. But the judgments are constrained by explicit definitions of each Key. For example, a contested incumbent party nomination is defined as one in which the losing candidates combined secured at least one-third of the delegate votes. Judgments are also constrained by how individual keys have been turned in all 37 previous elections covered by the system. For example, to qualify as charismatic and turn key 12 or 13 – the most judgmental of all keys—an incumbent or challenging-party candidate must measure up to Ronald Reagan, John F Kennedy, Benjamin Franklin and Theodore Roosevelt. The system is also extremely robust as the same keys that predicted Abraham Lincoln’s defeat of Stephen Douglas in 1860 also predicted George W. Bush’s defeat of John Kerry in 2004, despite vast changes in American politics, society, demographic composition, and economic life.
This forecast is incorporated in the PollyVote.
The Track Record for the Keys.
The Keys retrospectively account for the popular vote winners of every presidential election from 1860 through 1980 and prospectively forecast the popular-vote winners of all eight presidential elections from 1984 through 2012. The Keys model predicted George W. Bush’s reelection in April 2003, nearly a year before any other scientific model. In the late spring of 1988, the Keys predicted George H. W. Bush’s victory when he trailed Democrat Michael Dukakis by 17 percentage points in the polls. It predicted Bill Clinton’s win in the complex three-candidate election of 1992. In six elections, the keys have predicted three Republican and three Democratic victories in the popular vote.
In the contested election of 2000, the Keys correctly forecast Democratic candidate Al Gore’s popular-vote victory. However, with five keys turned against them, the Democrats were just one key short of a predicted defeat. However, a fatal sixth key, Third Party Key 4, could conceivably have turned against the party holding the White House. Consumer advocate Ralph Nader surpassed the 5 percent threshold in some polls, However, the rule of thumb for third-party contenders is that they usually finish at about half their peak poll percentage because of the voters’ reluctance to back a nearly certain loser. Nader finished with 2.7 percent of the popular vote, just short of the threshold needed to topple Key 4. However, Nader won more than 97,000 votes in the state of Florida, more than enough to cost Gore a victory (and the presidency) in a state that Bush won by 537 votes.
The 13 Keys to The White House.
The Keys are statements that favor the re-election of the incumbent party. When five or fewer statements are false, the incumbent party is predicted to win; when six or more are false, the challenging party is predicted to win.
The above 13 keys are slightly different from the 12 keys originally proposed in 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="18397685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397685" title="Kenai River Campus Student Union">
Kenai River Campus Student Union

The Kenai River Campus Student Union is located at the Kenai River Campus Branch (Soldotna, Alaska) of the Kenai Peninsula College, University of Alaska.
According to the The Kenai River Campus Student Union (KRCSU) website The KRCSU represents the KRC student body statewide with the UA Coalition of Student Leaders, advocating for students on campus and within the UA system, and is available and eager to carry the student voice to the community. Student fees support the student union, and activities are coordinated and held to enrich campus life. Monthly and seasonal events are organized for the enjoyment of all students, ID cards are issued through this office, fund raisers for scholarships and legislative action are held, and Student Union officers coordinate community wide student discount programs. Students are encouraged to get involved as a representative, to bring their questions and ideas to the student body and supplement their education by being involved.
In an open letter to KRCSU officers it states:
"The role of the Student Union on the Kenai River Campus is complex. Your decision to be involved and a member of a dynamic team shows that you are ready for the challenges of Student Government. The Kenai River Campus has a diverse and wide-ranging student population. Many of our students are non-traditional, with a median age of 30. Most of our students are part-time with only about 300-400 full-time students. Your main job is to serve EACH student to the best of your abilities. The Kenai River Campus Student Union Mission Statement is as follows;
The purpose of the Kenai River Campus Student Union is to supplement and complement the educational process at the Kenai River Campus; to provide for the expression of student opinion and interest to the community at large; to protect student rights; and to promote an understanding of the concept of self-governance.
Campus Clubs.
Campus clubs are formed to provide opportunities for students with various interests to come together to discuss and share information in different academic disciplines and career fields, and promote a sense of community, solidarity, and support for each other through various means. Students in KPC clubs share in a common interest and use the club as a vehicle to come together and promote those interests.
In order for a campus club to be formed, a formal process must be completed through the KRC Student Union. The recognition of a campus club extends to them the privilege of identification with KPC/UAA and the use of institutional facilities. Recognition of a campus club does not mean that KPC/UAA supports or adheres to the views held or to positions taken by the club. Responsibility for any actions which violate federal, state or local laws must be assumed by the club itself.
Current Clubs
Events.
KRCSU organizes and hosts many events throughout the academic year. Including;
Organization of the KRCSU.
Hierarchy of the KRCSU, per KRCSU Constitution
Board of Regents, University of Alaska 
President, University of Alaska 
Chancellor, University of Alaska Anchorage
Kenai Peninsula College DirectorAdvisor/s to Student Union
President of Student Union, "member" Coalition of Student Leaders
Vice-President of Finance
Production Officer
Communications Officer 
Commerce Officer, "chair" KRC Club Council
List of Presidents by Year.
2012-2013 - Kenneth Kroeker
2011-2012 - Shauna Thornton
2010-2011 - Shauna Thornton
2009-2010 - Chelsey Dorman
2008-2009 - Ruth Griess
2007-2008 - Todd Marshall-Closson, "chair" System Governance Council
2006-2007 - Danielle Pettijohn
2005-2006 - Todd Marshall-Closson, "speaker" Coalition of Student Leaders
2004-2005 - Todd Marshall-Closson
2003-2004 - Lisa Greenleaf
2002-2003 - Lisa Greenleaf
2001-2002
2000-2001
1999-2000
1998-1999 - Janet Dormady 
1997-1998
1996-1997
1995-1996
1994-1995
1993-1994
1992-1993
1991-1992
1990-1991
1989-1990
1988-1989
1987-1988
1986-1987
1985-1986
1984-1985
1983-1984 - Michael Beck (as Governance Director)
1982-1983 - Michael Beck
1981-1982
1980-1981 - Darrell Humphrey
KRCSU Fees.
Student Activity Fee $3.25 (as of 2008) per credit hour up to a maximum of $39 per semester is assessed students enrolling in one or more credits to support student-related activities.
$3.50* (as of 2009) per credit hour up to a maximum of $42 per semester is assessed students enrolling in one or more credits to support student-related activities.
See also.
Kenai Peninsula College
Alaskan Coalition of Student Leaders

</doc>
<doc id="18397688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397688" title="Cathédrale Saint-André">
Cathédrale Saint-André

Cathédrale Saint-André means

</doc>
<doc id="18397691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397691" title="Soldier On (song)">
Soldier On (song)

"Soldier On" is a song by English punk rock band Dogs. It was released on November 13, 2006, and the song later featured on the band's second studio album, "Tall Stories From Under The Table". It reached a peak position of #149 on the UK Singles Chart.
Track listing.
1. "Soldier On" - 3:11
2. "Tracy" - 2:51
3. "in Your Own World" - 3:08
4. "Danceboy" - 2:40
5. "Waiting For The Gun" - 3:11 
(Acoustic Version).
1. Soldier On (Acoustic)

</doc>
<doc id="18397742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397742" title="Silent treatment (disambiguation)">
Silent treatment (disambiguation)

Silent treatment is a passive form of social rejection.
Silent treatment may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18397754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397754" title="Devi Nagar">
Devi Nagar

Devi nagar is situated in Malkajgiri, Neredmet. The colony is situated beside R.K.puram lake.
It has a temple situated at the entrance Ramalayam and Sivalayam maintained by the colony residents. The Colony is having a Residents' Welfare Association called Devinagar Residents' Welfare Association. It is just 7 km from Secunderabad.
It is connected well with APSRTC bus services and has a railway station nearby.
It is surrounded by other colonies like sainik nagar,seetharam nagar,balram nagar.

</doc>
<doc id="18397769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397769" title="Mike Compton (musician)">
Mike Compton (musician)

Mike Compton (born February 29, 1956 in Meridian, Mississippi) is an American bluegrass mandolin player and former protégé of the Father of Bluegrass, Bill Monroe. He is considered a modern master of bluegrass mandolin.
Biography.
Compton learned music from an early age as his great-grandfather was an old-time fiddler. Initially, Compton began playing the trombone but switched to guitar instead and later to mandolin playing old-time music with his cousin. He became interested in bluegrass music and eventually learned to play like Bill Monroe. At the Bean Blossom Bluegrass Festival in 1975, he finally met Monroe. After Compton had finished his education at the Meridian Junior College he moved to Nashville and joined Hubert Davis and the Season Travelers in 1977. Four year later, in 1981, he left Davis' band. He spent the early 1980s, working as a cook and a printer and only occasionally as a musician. In the mid-1980s, he joined the Nashville Bluegrass Band but left the band in 1988 due to a road accident where bass player Mark Hembree was injured. Compton moved to the Catskill Mountains in 1991 working as a cottage caretaker. The next year, he returned to Nashville to record an album with David Grier. Because session work was scarce, Compton began teaching mandolin. In 1995, he recorded with Bill Monroe's Bluegrass Boys. Compton joined John Hartford in the mid 1990s recording several albums together with him. In 2000, Compton returned to the Nashville Bluegrass Band as a replacement for the mandolin player Roland White.
Awards.
In 2001 and 2002, Compton was nominated as IBMA Mandolinist of the Year. In 2002, "O Brother, Where Art Thou?", an album containing one of his songs, was awarded the Grammy Award for best album. In recognition of his achievements, he received a commendation from the Mississippi State Senate.

</doc>
<doc id="18397777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397777" title="Xiaonanmen Station">
Xiaonanmen Station

The Taipei Metro Xiaonanmen Station is an underground station on the Xiaonanmen Line located in Zhongzheng District, Taipei, Taiwan.
Station overview.
This two-level, underground station has an island platform and four exits.
Although the station has an island platform, it is currently served by a single train shuttling between Chiang Kai-shek Memorial Hall and Ximen, even though it is technically possible to operate a through service all the way to Xindian. It is labeled as light green color on Taipei Metro maps, though it shares the same color livery as other stations on the Xindian Line. The station is surrounded by government buildings and education institutions, serving mainly students and civil servants; thus, it remains relatively quiet for most of the day.
In 2010, the station was used for the filming of a scene for a Taiwanese romantic comedy film, Au Revoir Taipei (一頁台北). The station was emptied for filming and a train was arranged specifically for shooting.
Operations.
The shuttle service operates at a 8 to 10 minutes headway, and LED displays are installed on both platforms to inform passengers of the direction in which the train is travelling towards. To ensure that all tracks on the line remain in serviceable condition, the passenger shuttle service alternates the platform it serves for every four months, while maintenance works are performed on the inoperative platform and track. Starting February 21, 2011, tracks will no longer need to be alternated. Instead, both tracks will come into operation.
The shuttle service is expected to come to an end in 2013, when the Songshan Line is completed and trains begin to run the full-length Green Line service between Songshan and Xindian.
Station layout.
Note: Due to the configuration of Ximen station, both platforms are served by trains for both directions, with one of them out of use outside rush hour. When the Songshan Line opens in 2014, both platforms will resume their respective one-way traffic.

</doc>
<doc id="18397784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397784" title="Tour Pey-Berland">
Tour Pey-Berland

Tour Pey-Berland, named for its patron Pey Berland, is located in Bordeaux at the Place Pey-Berland next to Cathédrale Saint-André.
History.
Its construction was from 1440 to 1500 at the initiative of the archbishop of the same name. Crowned a steeple, it has remained isolated from the rest of the Cathedral to protect the Cathedral from the vibrations of the bells. After the completion, the church had initially no money for the purchase of bells, therefore the tower was used for housing until 1790. After 1790, a lead factory was set up in the tower. Bells were installed after 1851 and the tower began to be used for its original purpose.

</doc>
<doc id="18397798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397798" title="Dixie Valley">
Dixie Valley

The Dixie Valley is an endorheic basin which had plentiful ground water (free-flowing artesian wells) around which ranches were built. Prior to the US Navy TOPGUN school moving from California to Nevada, the valley was purchased in 1995 for $100 million and is used as an electronic warfare range for nearby Fallon Naval Air Station.
The watershed has a floor of greater than elevation which has both the Lahontan Salt Shrub Basin and Lahontan Playa ecoregions of the Central Basin and Range. At higher elevations the area has Lahontan Sagebrush Slope (west) and Central Nevada High Valley (east) ecoregions that respectively transition to the mountainous Lahontan Upland and Central Nevada Mid-Slope Woodland & Brushland ecoregions (the latter's summits are Central Nevada Bald Mountain ecoregions).
Dixie Valley military range.
The military range in Dixie Valley is part of the Fallon Range Training Complex (FRTC) and contains a simulated air defense network, including approximately 20 operational radar installations and many demilitarized armored vehicles have been scattered throughout the area. Most of this area is publicly accessible, with the exception of areas immediately surrounding the radar installations.

</doc>
<doc id="18397801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397801" title="Alfredo Quinones-Hinojosa">
Alfredo Quinones-Hinojosa

Alfredo Quiñones-Hinojosa (also known as "Dr. Q") is a physician, author, and researcher. He practices neurosurgery at Johns Hopkins Hospital and runs a basic science research lab out of Johns Hopkins Hospital. Quiñones is Director of the Brain Tumor Surgery Program at Johns Hopkins Bayview Medical Center, Director of the Pituitary Surgery Program at Johns Hopkins Hospital and the Director of the Brain Tumor Stem Cell Laboratory at Johns Hopkins School of Medicine. In addition to being a professor of neurosurgery, neuroscience, oncology, and cellular and molecular medicine, Quiñones is also the author of the newly released book, "Becoming Dr Q."
Early Years.
Quiñones, the oldest of six children, was born in a small village outside of Mexicali. In 1987, at the age of 19, Quiñones-Hinojosa jumped the border fence between Mexico and the United States. Once arriving in United States, Quinones could not speak English and worked on farms outside of Fresno, California. As a farm hand, he saved enough money to take English classes.
Education.
Quiñones-Hinojosa started his education at San Joaquin Delta College in Stockton, California, and completed his bachelor's degree in psychology with the highest honors at University of California, Berkeley. He then went on to receive his medical degree from Harvard Medical School, where he graduated with honors. He also became a US citizen during this time. He then completed his residency in neurosurgery at the University of California, San Francisco, where he also completed a postdoctoral fellowship in developmental and stem cell biology.
Professional career.
Quiñones is currently a professor of neurosurgery and oncology at Johns Hopkins, where he serves as the director of the brain tumor program at Johns Hopkins Bayview Medical Center. He focuses on the surgical treatment of primary and metastatic brain tumors, with an emphasis on motor and speech mapping during surgery. He is expert in treating intradural spinal tumors as well as brainstem and eloquent brain tumors in adults with the use of neurophysiological monitoring during surgery. He further specializes in the treatment of patients with pituitary tumors using a transphenoidal endonasal approach with surgical navigation and/or endoscopic techniques. He has a strong interest in treating patients with skull base tumors and the use of radiosurgery as an adjunct to the treatment of these lesions.
Quiñones conducts both clinical and basic science research. From 2005-2011, his team published 113 scientific articles and received 13 funding grants. Quiñones conducts numerous research efforts on elucidating the role of stem cells in the origin of brain tumors and the potential role stem cells can play in fighting brain cancer and regaining neurological function. He has been actively involved in fund raisers for brain cancer research. In 2011, he ran the Baltimore half-marathon with his research team and some of his own patients to raise money for cancer research. He finished the race in 1 hr 57 min.
Books.
In 2011, Quinones published his autobiography, "Becoming Dr Q: My journey from migrant farm worker to brain surgeon." He is also the lead editor for the upcoming edition of Schmidek and Sweet's "Operative Neurosurgical Techniques," one of the world's preeminent textbooks of neurosurgery.
Awards and Recognitions.
1986 B.A. Escuela Normal Urbana Federal Fronteriza, Mexicali, Mexico
- Social Sciences and Humanities, Multidisciplinary teaching license
1991 San Joaquin Delta Community College, Stockton, California
- Transfer core curriculum to the University of California 
1994 B.A. University of California, Berkeley, California
- Highest Honors 
1999 M.D. Harvard Medical School, Boston, Massachusetts
- Cum Laude 
2000 University of California, San Francisco, California (General Surgery)
- Most Valuable Intern Award 
2004 University of California, San Francisco, California (Residency - Neurosurgery)
- Howard Naffziger Neurological Surgery Award 
2006 Howard Hughes Institute
- Physician-Scientist Career Award 
2006 Association of American Medical Colleges
- Herbert Nickens Award
2006 American Society of Clinical Oncology Foundation
- Career Development Award 
2006 American College of Surgeon
- Franklin Martin Faculty Research Award 
2006 Johns Hopkins University
- Passano Physician Scientist Award 
2007 Johns Hopkins Hospital - Department of Neurosurgery
- Faculty Teaching Award (Richard J. Otenasek) 
2007 Robert Wood Johnson Award 
2007 Popular Science Magazine
- Brilliant 10 Scientists Award
2007 Baltimore Magazine
- US Top Docs 
2007 Hispanic Business Journal
- Top 100 Most influential Hispanic in the U.S.
2008 American Association of Neurological Surgeons
- AANS Bittner Award
2008 Merage Foundation
- National Leadership in Science and Medicine Award
2008 ANS/CNS
- Skull Base Award
2008 Olender Foundation
- America's Role Model Award 
2009 California Community College
- Distinguished Alumni Award
2010 Science & Engineering Festival
- Nifty Fifty Scientist 
2011 South Vermont College
- Honorary Doctor of Human Letters
2011 Baltimore Magazine
- Baltimore Top Docs
2012 Lackawanna College, Scranton, Pennsylvania 
- Doctor of Humane Letters Honoris Causa 
2012 Johns Hopkins University, Baltimore, MD
- Promoted to full Professor of Neurosurgery and Oncology, Neuroscience and Cellular and Molecular Medicine.

</doc>
<doc id="18397812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397812" title="Zhang Zhixiang">
Zhang Zhixiang

Zhang Zhixiang (; born 1967 in Shangyu, Shaoxing, Zhejiang), is a Chinese entrepreneur. He's regarded as the "Magnate of Steel" in China.
Career.
He studied both at Zhejiang University (ZJU) and Zhejiang University of Technology (ZJUT), and graduated from the Department of Chemical Engineering at ZJUT in 1989.
1994, he founded his own company, the Zhongxiang Industry Corp.(忠祥實業公司/忠祥实业公司) in his hometown Shaoxing. He dramatically expanded his business not only within Zhejiang Province but also to Shanghai, Nanjing, Beijing, Tianjin, Tangshan, etc., including 13 different regions in China. 1999, he started investing in steel industry, he bought in the factory of Zunhua Steel (遵化市鋼鐵廠/遵化市钢铁厂), further developed it into the current famous Jianlong Steel (建龍鋼鐵/建龙钢铁), which is the largest private steel producer in China.
Zhang is the current President of Tangshan Jianlong Industrial Co., LTD. (唐山建龍實業有限公司/唐山建龙实业有限公司), whose headquarters are located in Tangshan.
In 2006's Hurun Report, Zhang was regarded as the "Magnate of Steel" in China. In 2007's Hurun Report, Zhang was ranked as one of the top three richest individuals in China's steel industry. In 2007's Forbes Mainland China Rich List (福佈斯中國富豪榜/福布斯中国富豪榜)- The China's Richest People, Zhang was ranked No.41 with 9.75 billion Chinese Yuan (approximately 1.4 billion US$).
Zhang is also an Executive Director of the China Steel Industry Association(CSIA, 中國鋼鐵工業協會/中国钢铁工业协会).
Zhang is also linked to be a part of Peter Storrie's consortium to buy the Portsmouth Football Club

</doc>
<doc id="18397834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397834" title="Maríuhöfn">
Maríuhöfn

Maríuhöfn in Hvalfjörður in Iceland was an important trading post and harbour in the Middle Ages. Ancient manuscripts often mention ships sailing to and from Hvalfjörður and probably the harbour in Maríuhöfn. It is believed that Black Death entered Iceland in 1402 with the cloths of Einar Herjólfsson which came to Iceland with a ship landing in Maríuhöfn.

</doc>
<doc id="18397836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397836" title="List of European number-one hits of 1977">
List of European number-one hits of 1977

This is a list of the Europarade number-one singles of 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="18397839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397839" title="FS Class D.341">
FS Class D.341

The FS Class D.341 is a class of diesel-electric locomotive used in Italy, introduced in the 1950s and still in service. most of the remaining units are in service with La Ferroviaria Italiana (LFI).
History.
The D.341 were part of a post-World War II effort from the Italian state railways FS to replace their steam locomotives on non-electrified lines. They were designed in collaboration with Fiat and Breda and were produced in two series with different engines, depending from the manufacturer. The second series had a slightly different appearance. Two prototypes were also built by Ansaldo and Reggiane.
Description.
D.341 has two small cabs at each end, separated by a large compartment including the engine, the cooling devices and the transmission. The two engine were both V-12 piston, coupled to a DC 450/700 V generator provided by Magneti Marelli for the FIAT locomotives, and by Breda or Ocren in the others. Power is fed to four electric motors having a maximum power of each in the first series, and in the second one.

</doc>
<doc id="18397857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397857" title="European Institute of Women's Health">
European Institute of Women's Health

The European Institute of Women's Health (EIWH) is a health policy development institution. It was established in 1996, with the primary purpose of ensuring women's and indeed all aspects of family health and well being were on the European Parliament's agenda. The EIWH, is an NGO, established as a company, no shares. It is based in Dublin, Ireland and is a registered charity.
Its work is aimed at positively influencing the European Parliament, European Commission and other International Organisations and Agencies to ensure health and wellbeing of all are and remain a priority issue.
The EIWH works to achieve its objectives through a range of actions and activities including:

</doc>
<doc id="18397871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397871" title="Maine Community College System">
Maine Community College System

The Maine Community College System (MCCS) is Maine's comprehensive two-year college system, offering technical, career, and transfer programs; customized training; and lifelong learning. Enrollment in the MCCS has increased 62 percent in the past seven years, making the MCCS the second fastest growing community college system in the nation. The seven colleges currently serve over 16,300 students.
Member Colleges.
Central Maine Community College in Auburn, Maine
Eastern Maine Community College in Bangor, Maine
Kennebec Valley Community College in Fairfield, Maine
Northern Maine Community College in Presque Isle, Maine
Southern Maine Community College in South Portland, Maine
Washington County Community College in Calais, Maine
York County Community College in Wells, Maine

</doc>
<doc id="18397875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397875" title="National Breakout">
National Breakout

National Breakout is the second album by The Romantics, released in 1980 on Nemperor Records.

</doc>
<doc id="18397882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397882" title="Holbrook Superconductor Project">
Holbrook Superconductor Project

The Holbrook Superconductor Project is the world's first production superconducting transmission power cable. The lines were commissioned in 2008. The suburban Long Island electrical substation is fed by about 600-meter-long underground cable system consists of about 99 miles of high-temperature superconductor wire manufactured by American Superconductor, installed underground and chilled with liquid nitrogen to minimize power loss in the transmission lines. 
The superconductor is bismuth strontium calcium copper oxide (BSCCO) which superconducts at liquid nitrogen temperatures. Other parts of the system include a liquid nitrogen storage tank, a Brayton Helium refrigerator, and a number of cryostats which manage the transition between cryogenic and ambient temperatures.
The project was funded by the United States Department of Energy, and operates as part of the Long Island Power Authority power grid.

</doc>
<doc id="18397883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397883" title="Museum of Texas Tech University">
Museum of Texas Tech University

The Museum of Texas Tech University is part of Texas Tech University in Lubbock, Texas. It is made up of the main museum building, the Moody Planetarium, the Natural Science Research Laboratory, the research and educational elements of the Lubbock Lake Landmark, and the Val Verde County research site.
History.
The Museum of Texas Tech University was established as the West Texas Museum in 1929. It was created by the Plains Museum Society. Original plans called for a three-story building to be constructed. In the summer of 1935, 67 Texas counties agreed to pool their Texas Centennial money for a regional museum and for 35 historical markers. However, this provided only enough funds to construct a basement, which was formally dedicated on March 5, 1937. The museum called the basement home until 1950, when the entire building was finally completed thanks to $184,381 allocated to the project from the veterans' program surplus in 1948.
The museum's first director was Dr. William Curry Holden. He remained in the position until his retirement in 1969. Holden identified the first Folsom projectile points from the Lubbock Lake area at the location now known as the Lubbock Lake Landmark. For a time, the site was operated in conjunction with the Texas Parks and Wildlife Department. In 1999, it was fully transferred to Texas Tech under the supervision and care of the Museum of Texas Tech University.
In 1969, the museum assumed its present name. The following year, it moved into a new $2.5 million facility on a seventy-six-acre tract, and its former building, Holden Hall, was converted into classrooms and office space. Shortly after this expansion, the Natural Science Research Laboratory (NSRL) was added.
Additions to the museum since 1970 include the establishment of the National Ranching Heritage Center (1976), the construction of facilities at the Lubbock Lake Landmark (1990), the building of the Diamond M Wing to house the Diamond M Fine Art Collection (1995), the addition of the Helen Jones Auditorium and Sculpture Court Wing (2001), the building of the NSRL Addition (2004), and the construction of an educational space addition to the Nash Interpretive Center at the Landmark (2007). While the physical plant was growing, the museum continued to add objects and specimens. In 2000, its collection numbered about three million.
Accreditation and certification.
The Museum of Texas Tech University was first accredited by the American Alliance of Museums (AAM) in 1990. In 1998, it received continuing accreditation. The AAM accreditation was renewed again in 2008 and is effective for ten years. Only 774 of the nation’s 17,000 museums are AAM accredited and, of those, only 108 are university or college facilities.
In May 2008, the Texas Historical Commission gave the museum exemplary certification through the Curatorial Facility Certification Program. The museum is the first to have no deficiencies and no disabling factors during its evaluation prior to certification.

</doc>
<doc id="18397909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397909" title="List of works by Lucian">
List of works by Lucian

A list of works by Lucian of Samosata (c. AD 125 – after AD 180), who wrote in Ancient Greek.
The order of the works is that of the Oxford Classical Texts edition. The English titles are taken from Loeb (alternative translations are sometimes given in brackets). The traditional Latin titles have also been given.
Some of the works are probably not by Lucian. Those whose attribution is almost certainly wrong are listed at the end. Other works whose authenticity is disputed are marked "[?]". Four works whose genuineness was once questioned but are now generally believed to be by Lucian are marked with an asterisk.

</doc>
<doc id="18397910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397910" title="Castle of Tó">
Castle of Tó

Castle of Tó (or Castle Tóh) is a tower on the point of the city of Parnaíba. It is a small castle which is situated in the main square. It bears the crest of the Dias da Silva family.

</doc>
<doc id="18397946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397946" title="Pickens Plan">
Pickens Plan

The Pickens Plan is an energy policy proposal announced July 8, 2008 by American businessman T. Boone Pickens. Pickens wants to reduce American dependence on imported oil by investing approximately $US1 trillion in new wind turbine farms for power generation, which he believes would allow the natural gas currently used for power generation to be shifted to fuel CNG trucks and other heavy vehicles. Pickens stated that his plan could reduce by $300 billion (43%) the amount the country spends annually on foreign oil.
Proposal.
The main proposals of the plan are:
Timetable.
Pickens thinks his plan that would provide 22% of electricity from wind power and the conversion for vehicles from gasoline to gas could be accomplished in less than 10 years with the right leadership.
However, according to Chuck McGowin, senior project manager at the Electric Power Research Institute, a nonprofit organization funded by the electric power industry, the time table is too tight.
Dave Hamilton, director for global warming and energy projects at the Sierra Club agrees "That is extremely aggressive ... But it's in the right direction. It's a good thing we have an oilman saying we can't drill our way out of this problem."
Former U.S. vice president Al Gore, who has spent recent years informing people about global warming, opines that all electricity generation should be completely fossil-fuel free in the next 10 years.
Wind power status and potential.
Wind power had been experiencing exponential growth in the United States for several years when Pickens announced his plan.
Wind power in Texas grew very rapidly, 2400% from 1999 to 2007. In another large state, California, wind generation increased by 48% in the same period. The cost of wind power generation has decreased by about 80% over the last 20 years because of technological advances and is now cost-competitive with other energy sources. Wind-generated electricity can be produced at 5 to 6 cents per kWh.
A yardstick used to determine locations with high potential wind energy production is referred to as Wind Power Density (WPD). It is a calculation relating to the effective force of the wind at a particular location, frequently expressed in terms of the elevation above ground level over a period of time. It takes into account wind velocity and mass. Color coded maps are frequently prepared for a particular area described, for example, as "Mean Annual Power Density at 50 Meters." The results of the above calculation are entered into an index developed by the National Renewable Energy Laboratory and referred to as "NREL CLASS." The larger the WPD calculation, the higher it is rated by class.
The Pickens Plan calls for increasing the installed wind power capacity by at least a factor of ten from its 2008 level by 2018. This would tap only a small fraction of total U.S. wind power potential, which is estimated to be as much as 16 times more than the year-2005 electricity demand in the United States.
Effects on the environment.
By shifting a percentage of electricity production from natural gas combustion to carbon neutral wind generation, Pickens' Plan claims that it would significantly reduce carbon dioxide emissions from electricity production. Vehicles combusting natural gas instead of gasoline would produce about 25% less for the same amount of energy.
Combustion of gasoline also produces much larger amounts of nitrogen oxides (NOx, which cause smog) and other air pollutants than combustion of natural gas.
One of the big issues that has many people concerned is hydraulic fracturing (AKA: "Fracking") to obtain the gas from porous shale. Natural gas companies claim that fracking is safe and has gone on for decades, but there are a lot of people who disagree with the safety of fracking operations, and worry about the recent proliferation of fracking.
During the drilling process, water tables are pierced by the drilling process and concrete is pumped in to line the wells and protect the water supplies. The possible problem is that many earth quakes in a given area, of a magnitude of over 3 points on the Richter Scale or higher, may damage these concrete liners and leave water supplies vulnerable to the poisonous chemicals used in the fracking process. Natural gas and flammable chemicals might then enter a water supply and make the water itself flammable, leading to what is called "Flaming Faucets". A home where the water has been contaminated can catch fire and with a flammable water supply may not be able to be put out using conventional fire fighting techniques, as well as possibly making occupants very ill.
A Duke University study published in "Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences" in 2011 examined methane in groundwater in Pennsylvania and New York states overlying the Marcellus Shale and the Utica Shale. It determined that groundwater tended to contain much higher concentrations of methane near fracking wells, with potential explosion hazard; the methane's isotopic signatures and other geochemical indicators were consistent with it originating in the fracked deep shale formations, rather than any other source.
Complaints from a few residents on water quality in a developed natural gas field prompted an EPA groundwater investigation in Wyoming. The EPA reported detections of methane and other chemicals such as phthalates in private water wells. In Pavillion, Wyoming, the EPA discovered traces of methane and foaming agents in several water wells near a gas rig, though it suggested these chemicals might have come from cleaning products. Many people have doubts that cleaning products could create such a contamination. In DISH, Texas, elevated levels of disulphides, benzene, xylenes, and naphthalene have been detected in the air, alongside numerous local complaints of headaches, diarrhea, nosebleeds, dizziness, muscle spasms and other problems.
Groundwater contamination doesn't always come directly from injecting fracking chemicals deep into shale rock formations well below water aquifers, but also may come from waste water evaporation ponds and poorly constructed pipelines taking the waste water and chemicals to processing facilities. The evaporation ponds can allow the volatile chemicals in the waste water to evaporate into the atmosphere and when it rains these ponds tend to overflow and the runoff eventually makes its way into groundwater systems. Another way groundwater gets contaminated relating to fracking is from the temporary, and poorly constructed pipelines to transport the waste water to water treatment plants. These pipelines can leak and in some cases break in a section all together allowing the waste water and fracking chemicals to flow into groundwater systems. The transportation by trucks and storage of fracking chemicals allows for groundwater to become contaminated when accidents happen during transportation to the fracking site or to its disposal destination.
Epidemiological studies that might confirm or rule out any connection between these complaints and fracking are virtually non-existent. Individuals "smell things that don't make them feel well, but we know nothing about cause-and-effect relationships in these cases." In Garfield County, Colorado, another area with a high concentration of drilling rigs, volatile organic compound emissions increased 30% between 2004 and 2006; during the same period there was a rash of health complaints from local residents. The health effects of VOCs are largely unquantified, so any causal relationship is difficult to ascertain; however, some of these chemicals are suspected carcinogens and neurotoxins. Investigators from the Colorado School of Public Health performed a study in Garfield regarding potential adverse health effects, and concluded that residents near gas wells might suffer chemical exposures, accidents from industry operations, and psychological impacts such as depression, anxiety, and stress. This study (the only one of its kind to date) was never published, owing to disagreements between community members and the drilling company over the study's methods.
In 2010, the film "Gasland" premiered at the Sundance Film Festival. The filmmaker claims that chemicals including toxins, known carcinogens, and heavy metals polluted the ground water near well sites in Pennsylvania, Wyoming, and Colorado. A 2011 report by the Massachusetts Institute of Technology addressed groundwater contamination, noting "There has been concern that these fractures can also penetrate shallow freshwater zones and contaminate them with fracturing ﬂuid, but there is no evidence that this is occurring. There is, however, evidence of natural gas migration into freshwater zones in some areas, most likely as a result of substandard well completion practices by a few operators. There are additional environmental challenges in the area of water management, particularly the effective disposal of fracture fluids". This study encourages the use of industry best practices to prevent such events from recurring.
There are many people now trying to make solid connections between contaminated water supplies and natural gas fracking, but ground water contamination is one of many possible environmental concerns raised by natural gas fracking operations. Air pollution, radioactivity, and fracking induced earth quakes, are all concerns of anti-fracking individuals and groups. Where the claimed significant reduction in carbon dioxide from vehicles using natural gas as a vehicle fuel, the actual drilling and production of natural gas may negate many of the reductions in emissions.
Technical issues.
Power generation and transmission lines.
Pickens says that his plan could generate enough wind power to provide 22 percent of the country's electricity. The Institute for Energy Research (IER), an organization that is funded by the oil industry, disagrees. The IER claims that Pickens' plan relies on government subsidies and that producing large amounts of wind power is not a viable option. Instead, the IER advocates "less government for more abundant and affordable energy."
Pickens acknowledges that natural gas would still be required for peak electricity demand and additional infrastructure would be needed to distribute the wind energy across the country. New transmission lines, worth $64 billion to $128 billion, would be needed to carry the power from the windmills to the cities.
Pickens testified before the Senate Homeland Security and Government Affairs Committee and said the government should begin building transmission lines for wind-generated power in the same way that President Eisenhower did by declaring an emergency to build the interstate highway system in the 1950s and 1960s. As an alternative, Pickens proposed that the government should provide the right of way on private land and extend tax credits so the private sector can build the lines.
Kenneth Medlock III, an energy fellow at the James A. Baker III Institute for Public Policy and a critic of Pickens' Plan, said "A lot of what he's trying to do is add value to a stranded asset."
Despite the recession, Denver oil man Philip Anschutz is moving forward with the construction of a wind farm in southern Wyoming and a transmission line to Phoenix, Las Vegas and Southern California.
Intermittency.
One of the challenges with using wind to replace natural gas is the intermittent nature of wind energy, since the same wind conditions are not always present. But Sierra Club's Dan Becker, director of the Sierra Club's energy program, does not believe this problem is a major issue. He said that technological advances will allow several wind farms from varying regions of the country to be tied together in the same electricity grid. When some are idle, others could make up the difference.
According to a 2007 study by Archer & Jacobson published in the "Journal of Applied Meteorology and Climatology", interconnecting ten or more widely-separated wind farms allows 33 to 47% of the total energy produced (15–20% of nominal capacity) to be used as reliable, baseload electric power, as long as minimum criteria are met for wind speed and turbine height.
To dispatch power when the wind isn't blowing, backup power plants would be needed, according to Paul Fremont, an electric-utility analyst at the investment bank Jefferies & Co. Natural gas plants can quickly be brought online to supply peaking capacity during periods of low wind or peak demand.
According to Art Holland, a director at Pace Global Energy Services, the US will need to replace 140,000 MW of gas plant capacity over the next 10 years due to plant retirements.
This translates to twice as much wind capacity due to the difference in capacity factors.
Instead of dispatching additional power generation, energy could be conserved on demand. The Smart power grid, an intelligent power distribution network currently being researched and developed, can reduce power consumption at the client side during peak hours and thereby lessen our dependence on gas for load following.
Storing electricity is currently significantly more expensive than using dispatchable generation, but it can be done. Wind energy can be stored by pumping water uphill when the wind is blowing, and then releasing it through turbine generators when the electricity is needed. TVA's Raccoon Mountain Pumped-Storage Plant near Chattanooga, TN is just one example of many such installations that already exist in the US. Another option is to uprate the peak generating capacity of existing hydroelectric dams by adding more generator units; this allows a hydroelectric plant to buffer the variable output of wind farms on the grid, by accumulating river water during periods of strong winds, and releasing extra water when winds are calm and power demand is high. A dam that impounds a large reservoir can store and release large amounts of water by adjusting the reservoir level within a few meters.
Compressed-air energy storage is another energy storage mechanism. When there is excess electrical energy production, air is compressed and stored in a limestone cavern. Then when the energy is needed again, the compressed air generates electricity by blowing through a turbine.
Vanadium redox batteries are being used to store energy and level loads from wind generation projects. The excess energy is stored chemically in different ionic forms of vanadium in a dilute sulphuric acid electrolyte. The reaction can be reversed, which allows the battery to be charged, discharged and recharged.
Making the transition.
Pickens' Plan proposes that the natural gas that is currently used to fuel power plants be used instead as a fuel for class 7 and 8 semis. Ken Medlock, a research fellow at the Baker Institute for Public Policy at Rice University, says that the US will continue to use natural gas for electric power generation. Natural gas burns cleaner than coal, making it an increasingly popular fuel for power plants. Gas plants also produce fewer greenhouse gas emissions.
The technology needed for Compressed Natural Gas (CNG) vehicles such as City buses, fork lifts and passenger cars with CNG drivetrains is available now. Honda sells the Civic GX, with a range. In addition, it is possible to convert vehicles to run on CNG in addition to leaving the conventional fuel injection intact, allowing the driver to switch back and forth at will. Kits are available for the do-it-yourselfer. One can buy a CNG compressor called Phill that hooks up to the city natural gas line making it possible to refuel a CNG car at home.
On the other hand, the IER believes that natural gas vehicles are "a niche product." Patricia Monahan, believes "It's going to be a big price tag" to switch to CNG vehicles. Monahan considers CNG an excellent fuel for running small fleets of vehicles which log heavy mileage per vehicle, such as buses and garbage trucks. Vehicles which use large amounts of fuel realize savings more quickly from the lower price of CNG relative to diesel.
In November 2008, Pickens changed his position stating that he wants heavy trucks, not cars running on natural gas.
Rich Kolodziej, President of NGVAmerica, says the very limited distribution network for natural gas is currently available in only 1,200 out of 190,000 gas stations would better serve commercial fleets and long-haul trucks.
Policy issues.
Renewable Portfolio Standards.
Twenty-four states plus the District of Columbia have Renewable Portfolio Standards in place to set targets for renewable energy in those states. Four more states have set non-binding energy targets.
Economic issues.
Funding.
The Energy Policy Act of 2005 created the Clean Renewable Energy Bond (CREB) program, effectively offering interest-free debt to eligible renewable projects.
In October 2008, the CREB program was extended to March 6, 2009.
Since July 2008, Pickens’ Dallas-based investment firm, BP Capital, has lost as much as $2 billion as a result of the falling stock market and credit crunch. Pickens may have lost around $300 million of his personal funds.
Cost of wind vs. natural gas.
According to Jerry Taylor, senior fellow at the Cato Institute, using wind to generate most of the nation's electricity would undoubtedly result in higher retail electric rates because wind power is twice as expensive as natural gas-fired generation "and probably more if you take out the subsidies." However, the American Wind Energy Association points out that the cost of wind power has dropped by more than 90% in the last 20 years and expects the cost to continue to decline as the industry matures. In contrast, the cost of natural gas is expected to rise. Moreover, the effects on the environment and public health for natural gas are estimated to cost some 0.5 to 2.0 cents per kWh.
Similar costs from wind are marginal.
Peak gas.
The use of natural gas is a key component to Picken's proposal. There are concerns, however, that gas production has already reached its maximum production rate, a point known as peak gas. US gas production peaked in 1973 at about 24.1 trillion cubic feet, declined until 1985, and has been slowly increasing over the last 23 years. (see figure on left).
According to peak theory, the rate of production enters a terminal decline after the peak. Peak gas has already been confirmed by Exxon's CEO Lee Raymond. In 2005, he said to Reuters that "Gas production has peaked in North America."
The Reuters article continues to say "While the number of U.S. rigs drilling for natural gas has climbed about 20 percent over the last year and prices are at record highs, producers have been struggling to raise output." John DeCicco, a senior fellow at Environmental Defense, is critical of the plan because it assumes that gas would remain cheap despite growing demand and increasing reliance on imports as evidenced by proposals for LNG terminals.
However, implementing Pickens Plan does not require an increase in the supply of natural gas; it calls for a "shift" in its use, rather than an "increase". Natural gas production has been slightly and consistently increasing in the United States for more than two decades. Proven recoverable U.S. gas reserves have slightly but consistently risen since 1996 and are about the same as in 1976.
Estimates of technically recoverable reserves in the United States vary as they are generated by geological inferences, but the U.S. Energy Information Administration 2009 estimate is 1747 trillion cubic feet, enough to provide domestic production at 2005 rates for nearly 80 years.
Other options.
Nuclear power vs. wind power.
Pickens' plan will require the construction of large scale wind farms to generate electricity. Critical of the plan, the National Center for Public Policy Research, a self described conservative think tank, asserts that nuclear power plants would be a better alternative than the wind farms.
They say that nuclear power is also environmentally sound and creates very little waste, that nuclear power is also far cheaper than wind power, and that to build the wind farms would take many square miles of land.
Electricity vs. natural gas for powering vehicles.
To some, this plan seems to ignore one of the most fruitful paths to cut into America’s foreign oil addiction: plug-in hybrids and fully electric vehicles. Wind generated electricity could directly fuel America’s ever-more electrified transport sector. Some hybrid owners argue the part that using compressed natural gas as a transportation fuel does not make sense especially when the new wave of electric and hybrid-electric vehicles that are expected to hit the market in the coming years.
The US government is already promoting the adoption of PHEVs and EVs. The $700 billion bailout bill signed by President Bush in 2008 includes tax credits up to $7,500 for US buyers of electric vehicles and plug-in hybrids.
Pickens does not believe that all electric vehicles are viable, especially trucks. In his plan natural gas primarily replaces diesel fuel. Pickens frequently makes the statement that "the battery won't move an eighteen wheeler" although batteries, electric drivetrain, and engines for heavy vehicles exist in hybrid buses and a hybrid version of the military's HEMTT heavy lift vehicle.
The Port of Los Angeles and South Coast Air Quality Management District have demonstrated a short-range heavy-duty electric truck manufactured by Balqon Corporation (http://www.balqon.com) capable of hauling a fully loaded cargo container. The current design is capable of pulling a 60,000-pound cargo container at speeds up to 40 mph and has a range of between 30 and 60 miles.
William Tahil of Meridian International Research acknowledges that hybrid or completely electric long-haul semi-trucks are technically possible, but poses the question if there is enough lithium carbonate production currently to support the production of the needed batteries.
Gore's Global Warming vs. Pickens Plan.
The plans of T. Boone Pickens and Al Gore have some similarities - each lessens the dependence on fossil fuels - but differ in their eventual goals. Pickens specifically wants to see energy security by increasing the use of domestic energy sources including fossil fuels while Gore wants to eliminate the burning of fossil fuels altogether to stop global warming. Pickens claims to have a plan that could accomplish this with existing technology, while Gore advocates new research to reduce costs. A study by the European Renewable Energy Council states that the burning of fossil fuels for energy could be eliminated globally by 2090 using existing technology, and earlier for western nations.
Dependence on foreign fuels.
Pickens estimates that his plan would cut oil imports by 38 percent. Patricia Monahan, deputy director of the clean vehicles program at the Union of Concerned Scientists thinks differently. She questions the wisdom of trying to replace large amounts of imported oil with another fossil fuel, especially considering that the United States already has to import 19 percent of the natural gas it uses. The US has been steadily increasing its imports of natural gas since 1985 (see figure to the left), mainly from Canada.
According to Jerry Taylor, senior fellow at the Cato Institute, is that "foreign oil is not bad; it is good." The US is now importing about 70% of its oil needs annually because it is cheaper than other forms of energy. Taylor says that if compressed natural gas is the best option for transportation fuel then "the markets will see it," and over time CNG could outperform gasoline as a cheaper transportation fuel.
Questions over Pickens' motives and methods.
Many critics of the Pickens Plan highlight ways that Pickens could potentially benefit personally from the plan. For instance, Pickens owns the water rights to a huge ancient aquifer in the Texas Panhandle and overall owns more water than anyone else in the U.S. Increasing water demands and drought may make cities in the Great Plains willing to purchase water at high prices. Implementing Pickens Plan would give him rights to build electric transmission lines, and by getting a wider right of way it would allow Pickens to build water pipelines.
A similar strategy was attempted in Texas, where Pickens is building a wind farm that will bring electricity to Dallas, Texas. The proposed pipeline would have followed the same corridor as the electric transmission lines from the wind farms, which was to be seized for utility use from private owners through eminent domain. Many Texas landowners and legislators denounced the plan, particularly the fact that it allowed eminent domain to be exercised by an agency consisting only of T. Boone Pickens's employees.
In September 2008, the water pipeline was suspended. T. Boone Pickens continues to purchase water rights in the Great Plains and has plans to build more, smaller wind farms.
T. Boone Pickens would be in an excellent position to benefit financially if the plan is implemented. His hedge fund, BP Capital, is highly invested in wind and natural gas enterprises.
He is the majority stockholder of Clean Energy, the largest supplier of natural gas for vehicles in the United States.
In rebuttal to many critics' opposition, Pickens insists his interest is more in the country's future, than his personal wealth.
Possibly as a move against such accusations, Pickens has donated over $700 million to philanthropic causes. In the last few years, he has often been on the "Chronicle of Philanthropy"'s list of top U.S. philanthropists. Still, there are some who are uneasy about a man who made millions in the oil business advocating clean energy:
Real concerns over natural gas being used for both home heat and vehicle fuel are that they may create shortages every year in the winter months when demand for home heating natural gas skyrockets. Since many American home owners already use natural gas to heat their homes, a huge increase in demand for natural gas as a vehicle fuel combined with the existing huge home heating demand based on harsh winter temperatures, could drive up natural gas prices ever year. This could be especially economically devastating to family budgets during the holiday months when people normally allocate more of their money for holiday shopping. Having to pay more for vehicle fuel and home heat at the same time (because both would be the same product) could have a major economic impact on the nation every year.
Another concern is that the reasoning behind the big immediate push for a natural gas future, is to lock out possible development and implementation of more viable renewable energy sources. If people can be convinced that natural gas is the best possible future, and a large expenditure can be made now for a massive natural gas infrastructure to use natural gas for vehicle fuel, it will be much more difficult to abandon natural gas as a vehicle fuel and move on to newer, less expensive renewable energy sources as they become more viable to use. If renewable fuel sources are allowed to develop before the country can be convinced to move to natural gas, the window of opportunity to addict the country to natural gas may close, and the people associated with the natural gas industry would lose a lot of money now and in the foreseeable future.
Interestingly enough, the "Pickens Plan" (which many believe is designed to make Pickens himself much more wealthy) is a "non-profit" organization.
Support campaign.
Pickens announced that he would spend $58 million on a multi-media effort to promote his proposal, through both old media (such as newspapers and television), and new media (including YouTube, Facebook, MySpace, Twitter, and the creation of a new social network on the Pickens Plan website).
As part of this effort, Pickens has appeared on many American news programs and talk shows, such as "The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer", "Good Morning America", The Tonight Show with Jay Leno, Larry King Live, Fox News and The Daily Show with Jon Stewart.
Pickens is aided by his spokesperson Jay Rosser and political ad firm Joe Slade White & Co.
To raise political support, Pickens planned to organize supporters by Congressional districts. He also met with the main party candidates for the 2008 United States Presidential election to discuss his plan. He met with John McCain on August 15, 2008, and with Barack Obama on August 17, 2008.
In October 2008, Pickens announced that the one millionth person had signed up to support his plan, and that two U.S. Senators, 37 U.S. Congressmen and nine governors had pledged "to enact an energy plan that reduces our foreign oil dependence by at least 30% within ten years."
A year later, another 600,000 people had signed up to support the plan.
Major endorsements.
Carl Pope, executive director of the Sierra Club, has expressed support for the Pickens Plan and stated "“To put it plainly, T. Boone Pickens is out to save America”".
Former Clinton White House Chief of Staff and current President of the Center for American Progress John Podesta supports the plan.
Barack Obama has stated he supports many elements of the plan.
The American Lung Association endorses the Pickens Plan.
Former Republican Governor of South Carolina, Mark Sanford supports the Pickens Plan.

</doc>
<doc id="18397987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397987" title="Help! Teach is Coming to Stay">
Help! Teach is Coming to Stay

Help! Teach is Coming to Stay is a new CBBC show which premièred Saturday 19 July 2008, as part of the summer line up.
The show.
In this show a teacher stays with one of their pupils for a weekend, during which time they have to learn everything about two of the child's hobbies. On Monday when the class is back at school the teacher has to sit an exam about their weekend.
Weekend lessons.
During the weekend the pupils have to teach their teacher about two of their favourite hobbies. On the Friday evening they undertake a "compatibility test" to see how well they work as a team, with the teacher having to be guided through an activity such as making a clay model or collecting objects from the garden while blindfolded, legs tied together or similar. If they fail to pass this challenge they are both forced to eat cold school food.
On Saturday morning the pupil gives a 45 theory lesson on one of the hobbies. This is followed by a 15-minute break in which they attempt to gain an extra 15 minutes for the next lesson.
Final exam.
The Final exam is shown in front of their class. The way in which the exam passes or fails is with a judge who is specialist in the subject the teacher is being tested on. If the teacher gets 3 ticks then they pass, however if they don't they will fail consequently making the kid (teacher) and the teacher (pupil) gunged as the forfeit.

</doc>
<doc id="18397989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397989" title="The Essential Odetta">
The Essential Odetta

The Essential Odetta is a live album by American folk singer Odetta, originally released on LP in 1973.
The original double-LP "The Essential Odetta" included the live performances "At Town Hall" and "At Carnegie Hall", but the CD version of that release omits ten songs from the original total of both LPs (eight from Town Hall and two from Carnegie Hall). Tracks 1-13 on the CD are from the Carnegie Hall concert and tracks 14-21 are from the Town Hall concert. The CD liner notes incorrectly state the entire CD was recorded at Carnegie Hall.
Track listing.
All songs Traditional unless otherwise noted.

</doc>
<doc id="18397995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18397995" title="List of honorary degrees">
List of honorary degrees

This list of honorary degrees lists all honorary degrees, including honorary doctorates.

</doc>
