<doc id="18354225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18354225" title="BigWorld">
BigWorld

BigWorld is an Australian company formed in 1999 that develops and licenses a middleware development tool suite for the creation of massively multiplayer online games (MMO) and virtual worlds. In 2007, BigWorld was recognized as the industry leader in UK's Develop magazine
On 7 August 2012 Wargaming.net acquired BigWorld middleware firm for $45M.
Technical Overview.
BigWorld Technology provides an underlying software architecture needed for game developers to build MMO's and online games. The 3D client technology is built for Windows PC and browser, and is available on iOS, Xbox360 and PlayStation 3 via network API. The back-end server solution is implemented under Linux, with a Python API scripting environment. The tool suite includes content creation tools, server monitoring tools, and support. BigWorld Technology also integrates various 3rd party plugins such as Umbra (Occlusion Culling), Scaleform (User Interface Creation), Speedtree (Foliage), and Vivox (VOIP).
Games.
Published games using BigWorld Technology include "World of Tanks" (Wargaming.net), "Realm of the Titans" (Aeria Games), "" (enVie Interactive LLC), "Hokuto no ken ONLINE" (GungHo Online Entertainment), (Meteor Games), "Moego" (Userjoy), "World of Warplanes" (Wargaming.net), and "Secret Kingdoms Online" (Globex Studios). Games currently being built on BigWorld include "World of Warships" (Wargaming.net), and "Tian Xia III" (Netease).
Server Load Balancing.
BigWorld Server supports dynamic load balancing, a feature that automatically and dynamically spreads user load across multiple cell apps on the same game server, allowing for large numbers of concurrent users to inhabit the same game space. In 1999, BigWorld ran a test, simulating 900 entities on the same server. In 2005, large scale tests were carried out at the IBM Deep Computing facility in Poughkeepsie, NY. BigWorld successfully demonstrated the linear scalability of its load balancing technology by dynamically balancing 100,000 entities across various cell apps on a single server.
Licenses.
BigWorld Technology is offered in the following licenses:
Guinness Record.
World of Tanks is built on BigWorld Technology. On 23 January 2011, Guinness stated that the World of Tanks Russian server broke the previous record for Most Players Online Simultaneously on One MMO Server when they reached 91,311 concurrent users. In November 2011 World of Tanks reached a new concurrency level of 250,000 players.
Awards.
BigWorld Technology has received a number of business and technology innovation related awards:

</doc>
<doc id="18354232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18354232" title="Henry M. Milner">
Henry M. Milner

Henry M. Milner was a 19th century playwright and author of melodramas and popular tragedies. His most notable work, "The Man and The Monster; or The Fate of Frankenstein" opened in 3 July 1826 at the Royal Coburg Theatre, six months after Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley's "The Last Man" was published. Subsequent film adaptations follow Milner's theatrical adaptation of Frankenstein's monstrous creation as a pivotal scene. It was Milner, not Shelley, who wrote the famous line, "It lives!"

</doc>
<doc id="18354235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18354235" title="Ulf Forseth Indgaard">
Ulf Forseth Indgaard

Ulf Forseth Indgaard (born 1989) is a Norwegian orienteering competitor who has received two medals at the Junior World Orienteering Championships.
He received a silver medal in the "middle distance" (behind Johan Runesson), and a bronze medal in the "relay" at the 2008 Junior World Orienteering Championships in Gothenburg.
He competed for Norway at the 2012 World Orienteering Championships. In the sprint competition he qualified for the final, where he placed 29th.
Ulf grew up just outside Levanger in Norway, on a farm called Flatåsen, with his parents, and two siblings. He runs for the orienteering club Frol IL, and his little brother Jo, is also a talentful orienteering runner.

</doc>
<doc id="18354259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18354259" title="Thomas William Parsons">
Thomas William Parsons

Thomas William Parsons (August 18, 1819, Boston – September 3, 1892, Scituate, Massachusetts) was an American dentist and poet.
Parsons was educated at the Boston Latin School, and visited Italy to study Italian literature in 1836-7. His translation of Dante's "Divine Comedy", which eventually comprised all the Inferno, two-thirds of the Purgatorio and fragments of the Paradiso, began to appear in 1843. After practicing dentistry in Boston, he lived for several years in England before returning to Boston in 1872. He was a contributor to "The Galaxy" and "The Atlantic Monthly".In 1857 he married Anna (or Hannah) M. Allen (1821-1881). 

</doc>
<doc id="18354281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18354281" title="Dave Van Ronk Sings Ballads, Blues, and a Spiritual">
Dave Van Ronk Sings Ballads, Blues, and a Spiritual

Dave Van Ronk Sings Ballads, Blues and a Spiritual is an album by American folksinger Dave Van Ronk, released in 1959. 
It was also released on LP as "Gambler's Blues" and as "Black Mountain Blues". All these releases are out of print. Some of the songs can be found on the 1991 Smithsonian Folkways CD release "The Folkways Years, 1959 - 1961".

</doc>
<doc id="18354321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18354321" title="USS Halcyon II (SP-582)">
USS Halcyon II (SP-582)

USS "Halcyon II" (SP-582) was a yacht acquired by the U.S. Navy during World War I. She was outfitted as an armed patrol craft and stationed in Boston harbor in Massachusetts. She spent much of the war patrolling the Massachusetts waterways for German submarines and, in 1919, was decommissioned after being damaged in a collision.
Commissioned at Boston.
"Halcyon II", a 161-ton steam yacht, was built by Charles Seabury Gas Engine & Power Co. of Morris Heights, New York, in 1907, and was purchased by the Navy in August 1917 from her owner, D. W. Flint of Providence, Rhode Island. She commissioned 15 December 1917 at Boston Navy Yard, Ensign C. P. Jameson, USNRF, in command.
World War I service.
After fitting out, "Halcyon II" was employed as a section and harbor patrol boat in Boston Harbor through the rest of World War I and into the first year of peace. She performed this service until 4 June 1919 when she was rammed and seriously damaged by steamer "Bayou Teohe".
Decommissioning and disposal.
Determined by the Navy to be unserviceable, she was struck from the Navy List 31 July 1919 and sold to her former owner 4 December 1919.

</doc>
<doc id="18354342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18354342" title="Kupferhof Bauschenberg">
Kupferhof Bauschenberg

Kupferhof Bauschenberg was one of many brass producing factories built in the 17th century in the German city of Stolberg. Bauschenberg, the name of a small hill, gave the factory its name. 
Kupferhof Bauschenberg had a great influence on the brass industry in the city which made Stolberg the world leader in brass production for more than a century.
Stolberg offered excellent conditions for brass production at that time. Rivers like the Vichtbach, which passes by the factory supplied the power to move the water wheels, calamine, one major component of the alloy was delivered by the ore mines at Breinigerberg as well as Diepelinchen, and wood for firing the furnaces was available in adequate quantities in the forests of the Eifel. Godfried Schardinel, one of the richest industrialists at that time in Stolberg, as well as the nearby city of Aachen, therefore decided to choose Stolberg for building the Kupferhof Bauschenberg. 
Over the next few centuries, Kupferhof Bauschenberg merged with Dollartshammer and Straßburger Hof to build the company Prym.

</doc>
<doc id="18354351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18354351" title="Amber Holt">
Amber Holt

Amber Shirell Holt is an American professional women's basketball player most recently with the Tulsa Shock in the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA).
Early life.
Holt was born on born June 7, 1985 in Norcross, Georgia. She is the daughter of Cassandra Holt. Holt is joined by her two brothers, Cortez and DeMarkus Dennis.
High school career.
Holt attended Meadowcreek High School in Norcross, Georgia. Holt averaged 19.1 points, 7.0 rebounds and 4.5 assists as a senior while leading the Lady Mustangs to a 20–7 record. Holt was a first-team All-State performer as a junior when she led Meadowcreek to a 24–6 record and a runner-up finish in the 2002 Class AAAAA State Tournament.
College career.
Holt went to Southeastern Illinois College. As a freshman, Holt was named second-team All-America by the NJCAA after averaging 20.3 points, 10.9 rebounds and 3.6 steals for SIC ... Among national leaders, she finished the season ranked No. 9 in both scoring and rebounding, as well as No. 10 in steals, No. 46 in free throw percentage (.775) and No. 50 in field goal percentage (.539) ... As a sophomore, Holt was a Kodak All-American and a first-team All-America pick by the NJCAA ... Averaged 20.2 points, 9.5 rebounds, 4.9 assists and 4.0 steals while leading Southern Illinois to a 33–3 record and a fifth-place finish at the NJCAA Tournament. Nationally, she ranked No. 15 in scoring, No. 30 in rebounding, No. 12 in steals, and No. 40 in assists.
Holt transferred to Middle Tennessee State University. As a senior during the 2007–2008 season, she was the top scoring player in Division I.
WNBA career.
In the 2008 WNBA Draft, Holt was picked by the Connecticut Sun in the first round, 9th overall.
Overseas career.
She played with Sopron in Hungary during the 2008–09 WNBA off-season.

</doc>
<doc id="18354377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18354377" title="Sule Utura">
Sule Utura

Gedo Sule Utura (born 8 February 1990 in Bore, Ethiopia) is an Ethiopian middle distance and long distance runner. She won the 5000 metres at the 2008 World Junior Championships in Athletics and was third place in the 3000 metres at the World Youth Championships in the previous year.
She began competing at road running events: she ran the second leg for the victorious Ethiopian team at the 2008 International Chiba Ekiden and won the BOclassic in 2009. She was the bronze medallist over 5000 m at the 2009 African Junior Athletics Championships. She took the 10K title at the Great Ethiopian Run in November 2010 in a time of 33:35 minutes and was second at that year's BOclassic behind Vivian Cheruiyot.
She ran at the Trofeo Alasport cross country race in March 2011 and was narrowly beaten by Sylvia Kibet at the line. In the absence of major national rivals, she easily won the 5000 m at the Ethiopian Athletics Championships, although the time was slow. At the 2011 All-Africa Games she secured a 5000/10,000 m double. At the start of the 2012 season she was runner-up at the Trofeo Alasport.

</doc>
<doc id="18354397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18354397" title="Col McLean">
Col McLean

Colin "Col" McLean (born 5 August 1920) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the VFL during the 1940s. 
McLean was a half back flanker for Melbourne and played in three premiership sides, going back to back in 1940 and 1941, followed by another premiership in 1948. He missed the 1942 and 1943 seasons due to the war. As he was always used in defense he kicked only one goal in his career which came in his 46th game, in Melbourne's 1945 encounter against North Melbourne at Punt Road. He represented the Victorian interstate team twice in 1948.

</doc>
<doc id="18354454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18354454" title="Colonnade Row">
Colonnade Row

Colonnade Row, also known as LaGrange Terrace, on present-day Lafayette Street in New York City's NoHo neighborhood, is a landmarked series of Greek revival buildings originally built in the early 1830s. They are believed to have been built by Seth Greer, although the project has been attributed to a number of other architects. The buildings' original name comes from the Marquis de Lafayette's estate in France, but the series of nine row houses, of which four remain, owe their existence to John Jacob Astor, who bought the property and whose grandson John Jacob Astor III later lived at No. 424. The buildings are listed on the National Register of Historic Places under the name LaGrange Terrace and the facades remain standing on Lafayette Street south of Astor Place.
Design.
The nine original buildings, a series of Greek revival townhouses  built by Seth Geer, a contractor from Albany, New York (whose name is also given as "Greer") were located at 418-426 Lafayette Place on the site of the Vauxhall Gardens Amusement Park. The property on which these buildings were constructed had been bought by Astor in 1804 for $45,000, and when the lease for the Vauxhall Gardens was up, Astor built a wide street through the property from Great Jones Street to Art Street, which is now Astor Place, and named it Lafayette Place after the Marquis de Lafayette, a hero of the American Revolution. The original name of the buildings was Lagrange or La Grange Terrace, named after Lafayette's country estate, one of many places named in his honor in New York City and elsewhere in the United States, after his triumphant return tour in 1824-25.
The buildings each contained 26 rooms and were wide, with deep front yards, uncommon at the time. Their facades were made entirely of Westchester marble and linked with a colonnade of Corinthian columns providing the homes with their current name. The marble for the buildings was found at Sing Sing, where the convicts worked to cut it for use in construction. 
The precise year of the buildings' construction, as well as the architect responsible are subject to some debate. The architects generally credited with Colonnade Row's design is Alexander Jackson Davis, Ithiel Town, and James Dakin, who were believed to have designed the homes for the Astor and Vanderbilt families. Town and Dakin are believed to have begun work on the project, which they called LaGrange Terrace, during the winter of 1831-32, during which they worked on a number of design projects. Davis is not believed to have played a role in the final construction of the building, which was completed in 1833 according to the Landmarks Commission, and there are some who believe that he did not work on the design at all.
Apart from John Jacob Astor III, Julia Gardiner, who would become President John Tyler's First Lady lived on Colonnade Row, as did Cornelius Vanderbilt, Washington Irving and Warren Delano.
Decline.
At the time of their construction, Lafayette Place, which was then a cobblestone cul-de-sac, was the most fashionable area in New York City and one of the first to be developed in the city's expansion north of Canal Street. The upper-class demographics of the region shifted, and by 1860 Murray Hill was considered a better place to live, and the area around the former Lafayette Place fell into decline. 
The original buildings located at 418-426 Lafayette Place were torn down following a failed proposal in 1902 to relocate the remaining structures to Bryant Park, after more than half were torn town to make room for Wanamaker's warehouse and department store. Some of the columns and decorative parts ended up in Morristown, New Jersey.
Protection.
The four buildings that remain, numbers 428, 430, 432, and 434 Lafayette Street, were among the first to be landmarked when New York City began doing so in 1965, despite having been sub-divided into apartments and commercial properties, altered and generally in poor condition. The public hearings regarding the landmarking were held on September 21, 1965 at which time a number of people supported the landmarking and the owners presented no objections. The buildings were added to the National Register of Historic Places in December 1976 after being nominated in August of the same year.
The owners have announced plans to restore the buildings as recently as 1995, however this has not yet happened due in part to cost.
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="18354458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18354458" title="Odilo Weeger">
Odilo Weeger

Rev Fr Odilo (Otto) Weeger, CMM (14 October 1912 – 8 June 2006) was a Roman Catholic pioneer missionary with the Missionaries of Mariannhill [http://www.mariannhill.de/dcms/sites/cmm/english/index.html] in Matabeleland, Southern Africa. He arrived in Africa in July 1938 and was based at Mariannhill in Natal, South Africa. He was later transferred to Southern Rhodesia where he worked at St. Patrick's in Bulawayo before moving to Lukosi, near Hwange in 1939.
Missionary work in Matabeleland.
In the North of Matebeleland, equipped with little more than a prayer book and a bicycle, he travelled around from St. Mary's Lukosi to Hwange, Victoria Falls, Matetsi and Gwayi River. He built and established many schools, including those in Gwayi, Binga, Dete and Lupane and later went to Fatima where he opened a mission hospital and school.
With the help and support of friends in Germany, who were doctors, he opened St. Luke's Hospital in Lupane. In 1958, he returned to Bulawayo, where he was the parish priest at St. Mary's Cathedral. He was appointed Provincial Superior of Mariannhill Missionaries, a post he held from 1970 to 1982. He was Parish priest for many years of the Hillside parish of Christ the King.
Odilo Weeger was awarded the Verdienstkreuz - Erster Klasse (Cross of Merit - First Class) by the Country of his birth, Germany, on 5 May 1989, for his work in Matabeleland.
Archives.
The archives of Fr Odilo Weeger are maintained in Bulawayo.
References.
Alexander, Jocelyn & Ranger, Terence "Competition and Integration in the Religious History of North-Western Zimbabwe"
Journal of Religion in Africa, Vol. 28, Fasc. 1 (Feb., 1998), pp. 3–31

</doc>
<doc id="18354493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18354493" title="USS Portsmouth (1798)">
USS Portsmouth (1798)

USS "Portsmouth" was constructed for the United States Navy in 1798 by master shipbuilder James Hackett to a design of Josiah Fox at what is now Badger's Island in Kittery, Maine, directly across the Piscataqua River from Portsmouth, New Hampshire. She was built with funds contributed by the citizens of Portsmouth.
Commanded by Captain Daniel McNeil, "Portsmouth" operated in the West Indies during the Quasi-War with France in the squadron commanded by Commodore John Barry. In 1800, she sailed to France to bring back the United States envoys who had concluded peace negotiations with France. After a second cruise in the Caribbean, "Portsmouth" was sold less than three years later at Baltimore, Maryland, in 1801, after the military cutbacks ordered by the new Jefferson Administration after the peace signed with France ending the Quasi-War in 1800.

</doc>
<doc id="18354521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18354521" title="Bebo">
Bebo

Bebo is a social networking website launched in 2005. The site is closed for maintenance work and creative renewal. As of July 2013, it is owned and operated by its founders Michael Birch and Xochi Birch, who took over from Criterion Capital Partners after the company declared bankruptcy.
The website, at the height of its popularity, overtook Myspace to become the most widely used social networking website in the United Kingdom, eventually registering at least 10.7 million unique users. The site was also extremely popular in Republic of Ireland – at one point it claimed to have over a million Irish users, and data from Alexa ranked it as Ireland's most-visited site. Its popularity saw it sold to AOL for $850 million in 2008.
Website.
Users receive a personal profile page where they can post blogs, photographs, music, videos, and questionnaires, which other users may answer. Additionally, users may add others as friends and send them messages, and update their personal profiles to notify friends about themselves.
Each Bebo User receives a profile, which must include two specific modules: a comment section where other users can leave a message, and a list of the user's friends. Users can select from many more modules to add. By default, when an account is created the profile is private, which limits access to friends specifically added. The user may select the "Public Profile" option so the profile will still be visible to any other members of a school they may have joined. Profiles may be personalized by a design template that is the background of the user's profile, known as a skin. Profiles may include quizzes which offer multiple choice, polls for their friends to vote in and comment on, photo albums which allows the user to upload an unlimited number of images with a maximum limit of 96 per album, blogs with a comments section, a list of bands of which the user is a fan, a list of groups that the user is a member of. A "Video Box" may be added, either hot-linked from YouTube or copied from a Bebo Media Content Provider's page.
Lifestream.
These changes can include uploaded photos, updated flashboxes, and newly added videos and friends. A friend's updates to Facebook, Twitter, Flickr, and other services can also be viewed, if those friends have linked those accounts to their Bebo profile. The site has a number of privacy settings, where users can control which items from their profile appear on their and their friends' lifestream pages (e.g. photos, their "sayings", applications, comments, etc.)
Bebo Mobile.
Bebo launched the mobile version of the site in early 2006, allowing users access Bebo from a mobile device. In 2007 and 2010, the mobile site was updated to match the design and features of the full site.
Bebo Authors.
On February 22, 2007, Bebo Authors, also known as Bebo Books, was launched. On this section of the site, authors can upload chapters of their books and also get them reviewed with a certain module.
Bebo Groups.
On July 10, 2007, the "Group" module was added to pages. This enabled people to view groups which were previously joined to a school and were also viewable only to school members. Bebo also gave an option to convert existing Authors or Bands to Groups.
Bebo Third Party Login.
Users can log in and/or make a Bebo account using their existing Facebook account (using a service called Facebook Connect), their AIM (AOL Instant Messenger) account, and a number of other third party services.
Bebo Chat.
A service called Bebo Chat was launched with several other updates in 2011, which allows users to chat to other users, using a Meebo chat plugin with Bebo branding. Users can also update their 'Saying' and show their availability status, as well as have access to other links to Bebo's pages, and special offers. It also provides a link for users to visit Bebo's fan page on Facebook, where they can 'Like' their page and receive updates.
Bebo System.
Bebo is known to run on servers running the Resin Server whilst making use of the Oracle Database system. It is estimated that Bebo had somewhere between 5000 and 8000 Phantom4 servers provided by Rackable Systems and has over 100TB of disk space across all of their servers.
Open Media Platform.
Announced on the November 13, 2007, Bebo's Open Media Platform is a platform for companies to distribute content to the Bebo community. Content providers can bring their media player to Bebo, and monetize the advertising within it. Each content provider has a specialised page designed for video which showcases any Adobe Flash video content at the top of the profile. Many networks are signed up for the service, including CBS, Sky, Ustream.tv, BBC and Last.fm.
Open application platform.
Bebo joined OpenSocial, a set of common APIs for building social applications across the web. It announced plans for a developers platform and said it will make a further platform announcement. Bebo's Open Application Platform was launched in early December 2007 with just over fifty applications and is now host to hundreds.
Privacy and security.
Bebo offers three privacy levels: public, private and fully private. Public profiles can be seen by any user, except that profiles of users younger than sixteen years old are seen only by logged in users. Private profiles are seen only by their friends and members of any school or college they have joined. Fully private profiles are ones that have not joined any school and so only their direct friends can view their profile. If a user chooses the 'Public' option, they can also set age restrictions on who can contact them. Age restrictions do not apply to direct friends. Bebo also allows a user to set their photos to private, so only friends can see them and can stop others from copying them too.
Inadvertent privacy breach by New Zealand ISP.
On May 21, 2008, some users in New Zealand were temporarily given full access to other users' accounts. Various users logged in under their own account were switched over to the accounts of other users at random intervals, some people gaining access to over 20 different users' accounts. People were sometimes given access to addresses and phone numbers of other members, and some took advantage of the situation by uploading pornography onto other members' accounts. Bebo network engineers traced the error to a mis-configured proxy server in an Internet service provider (ISP) in New Zealand, which was later fixed. The ISP seemed to be interfering with its cache, thereby causing some of its customers to receive cached cookies and details from other users, likely because the ISP used dynamic IP addresses.
Roleplay.
To a certain extent, Bebo is used for roleplaying characters from various television programs, movies and novels. These Bebo character profiles are created and maintained by individuals, similar to a virtual world profile. The profiles may be of a fictional character or an invented character, and are most commonly set up in Bebo's 'classic-layout' and have the characters name at the top, a quotation from the character and a Wikipedia style biography of the character. The most common 'universes' Roleplayed on the site were; Harry Potter, Doctor Who, Twilight, Teen Wolf and The Lord of the Rings amongst many others. Anime and Manga verses were also particularly popular as were those concerning the universes of both Marvel Comics and the DC Universe. Video games such as Final Fantasy, Halo, Bioshock, and many more were also exceptionally popular. 
The role-playing phenomenon was something that Bebo staff appeared to be unaware of. It's not easy to say how many accounts there are, but it has been estimated that a very high percentage (at least approaching half) of the websites are roleplay accounts, and one of the most popular groups on the site is "Roleplay for Sale",
History.
Bebo was founded by husband-and-wife team Michael and Xochi Birch in January 2005 at their home in San Francisco. The website name was bought by the founders, and the backronym "Blog Early, Blog Often" was invented to answer the question of what the name meant.
The site was purchased by AOL on March 13, 2008 for $850 million, with the Birches' combined 70% stake yielding a profit of $595 million from the deal. The BBC said that the AOL purchase of Bebo was "one of the worst deals ever made in the dotcom era", and it cost the then-CEO of AOL, Randy Falco, his job.
On April 7, 2010, AOL announced that it would either sell the website, or shut it down. This was mainly due to the falling numbers of unique users; Bebo users were moving to rival sites Facebook and Twitter. AOL said that Bebo could not compete with other social networking sites in its current state, and that the company could not commit to taking on the massive task to keep Bebo in the social network 'race'. It has been reported that AOL's finances were struggling.
Criterion Capital Partners ownership transfer.
On June 16, 2010, AOL sold Bebo to hedge fund operators Criterion Capital Partners.
On February 17, 2011, Bebo launched a brand-new design. This consisted of a new more modern Header, a new more modernized Home page and a New Profile Layout Option. Users can now see who has visited their profiles (a feature which can be changed in settings). In April 2011, Bebo added a new Notification system, similar to Facebook's. It notifies users on new inbox messages, lifestream activity and more. This was a feature which was heavily asked for in feedback.
On January 30, 2012, access to Bebo became unavailable for 36 hours, resuming normal service during the early hours of February 1, 2012. A Bebo spokesperson told TechCrunch that the site was down due to "a technical clusterfuck". Adam Levin, CEO of Bebo and Criterion Capital Partners, stated that they were trying to release some new features which caused the site to crash. No data was lost as a result of the outage. The crash triggered a belief that Bebo was gone for good, so that the hashtag #bebomemories trended worldwide on Twitter.
2013 bankruptcy and sale.
In May 2013, the company voluntarily filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection.
On July 1, 2013, Michael and Xochi Birch, the original founders, purchased the social network back from Criterion Capital Partners (CCP) for $1 million. Birch tweeted "We just bought Bebo back for $1m. Can we actually re-invent it? Who knows, but it'll be fun trying."
On August 6, 2013, messages were posted on Bebo.com informing users that the site would be down for maintenance from August 7, 2013. On August 7, 2013, a video featuring Michael Birch announcing his plan for the new Bebo was set to the front page of the site. The video informed users that the site would be taken down while the Bebo team developed the new product. Many believed that this would be normal maintenance, however it was revealed that the site would be closed for a few months. The announcement also stated that every user's content had been deleted, but any blog posts and images they had will be retrievable in downloadable format should members opt in to receive this. Users would simply have to register their email with the site to be notified of the site's reopening, and would be able to retrieve some of their information. Friends lists and skins will not be retrievable.

</doc>
<doc id="18354525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18354525" title="Bodzanta">
Bodzanta

Bodzanta or Bodzęta of Kosowice () (1320–1388) of Szeliga coat of arms was an archbishop of Gniezno (1382–1388), Polish noble, governor of Kraków–Sandomierz lands (1350, 1357–1370, 1372–1379, 1381).
Supporter of Louis I of Hungary and the Angevin dynasty. After his death, he first supported an Angevin candidate for the throne of the Kingdom of Poland, and than, Siemowit IV, Duke of Masovia. On 16 June 1383 he proclaimed Siemowit the king of Poland, but due to lack of support for Siemowit, he withdrew his support, embracing the idea of a Polish–Lithuanian union. On 15 February Bodzanta baptised Lithuanian Grand Duke Jogaila, who became the king Władysław II Jagiełło; on 18 February he presided over his marriage with Jadwiga of Poland, and on 4 March he crowned him the king of Poland.

</doc>
<doc id="18354536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18354536" title="Historical determinism">
Historical determinism

Historical determinism is the stance in explaining history or advocating a political position that events are historically predetermined ("and/or" currently constrained) by various forces. Since such explanation is the norm, it may be better understood in contrast to its negation, i.e. the rejection of historical determinism.
The italicized alternation ("and/or") is significant because some political philosophies (e.g. Marxism) assert a form of the one and reject the other. Used as a pejorative, it is normally meant to designate an overdetermination of present possibilities by historical conditions.

</doc>
<doc id="18354553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18354553" title="Jerry Buchmeyer">
Jerry Buchmeyer

Jerry L. Buchmeyer (September 5, 1933 – September 21, 2009) was a United States District Judge for the Northern District of Texas in Dallas, Texas.
Born in Overton, Texas in 1933, Buchmeyer received an Associates' Degree from Kilgore College in 1953, his Bachelor's Degree from University of Texas in 1956, and his LLB degree from University of Texas School of Law in 1957. He graduated from UT's law school with the highest grade-point average in its history—a position he held for 15 years. From 1958 to 1979, he was in private law practice in Dallas at the law firm of Thompson & Knight. He died in San Marcos, Texas on September 21, 2009.
On August 3, 1979, Buchmeyer was nominated by President Jimmy Carter to be a federal judge for the Northern District of Texas. Buchmeyer was confirmed by the U.S. Senate on October 4, 1979, and received his commission on October 5, 1979. He served as chief judge from 1995 to 2002. 
Buchmeyer's approach to hiring law clerks was diversity driven: When choosing among his best candidates, one of his first tie-breakers was whether the applicant was from a law school from which he'd never had a clerk. That's how, for example, he could end up with clerks from Syracuse and the University of Buffalo . . . and in the same clerkship year no less. 
The Judge was reputed to give his clerks a great deal of freedom in helping him craft opinions in civil cases, even with his encyclopedic knowledge of the case law—as well as the kind of trivia tested on Jeopardy. But criminal cases (because, as the Judge would observe, they had steep learning curve) were reserved entirely for him.
Buchmeyer penned a number of ground-breaking opinions. One of his most interesting upheld the city of Dallas's law governing sexually oriented businesses, "Dumas v. City of Dallas", 648 F. Supp. 1061 (N.D. Tex. 1986). Although he found the law constitutional, the Judge took a moment to observe the irony that cloaked the politicization of combating pornography. In remarking on the view of some that pornography “causes” sex crimes, Buchmeyer cannily wrote this on p. 1076 n. 42 about a recent federal commission charged with studying the subject:
Requiring a vendor of books dealing in “specified sexual activities” to have the sale of such material as “one of its principal business purposes” is the sole bar to a finding that, for instance, the Government Printing Office Bookstore is a “sexually oriented business” due to its pandering of the Meese Commission report, ante at 1065-66 n. 12-a work that is explicit in its description of activities 41A-2(19)(A), (B), (C), and (D). See, e.g., the 155 pages of graphic descriptions of pornographic paperback books, peep shows, tabloids, films, and videos-including complete and very explicit summaries of Deep Throat, The Devil in Miss Jones, and Debbie Does Dallas -bravely written, after his prolonged study of and exposure to this relentless and unmitigated sleaze, by the redoubtable Senior Investigator Haggerty. Id. at 1647-1802. Although the Meese Commission concluded that sustained “viewing such nonviolent, sexually explicit material ... is statistically related to a higher probability of” sexual crimes, id. at 172, we are merely left to wonder about the fate of Senior Investigator Haggerty and his tragic battle against these statistical probabilities.
The Judge also brought sports into the courthouse. His chambers were known as the best place for a young lawyer to learn stick ball, to pen short stories about fishing judges, and listen to the Talking Heads. 
Judge Buchmeyer was known for his "et cetera" humor column featured in the "Texas Bar Journal", which features unintentionally humorous excerpts from trial, hearing, and deposition transcripts around Texas. His corresponding blog was called "Say What?! Classic Humor from U.S. District Judge Jerry Buchmeyer."

</doc>
<doc id="18354560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18354560" title="Felicia Middlebrooks">
Felicia Middlebrooks

Felicia Middlebrooks (born May 29, 1957) is an American radio news broadcaster. She is the news anchor of WBBM Newsradio in Chicago, Illinois.
Biography.
Felicia Middlebrooks was born in Gary, Indiana. She graduated from West Side High School and Purdue University Calumet earning a bachelor's degree in communication, where she now takes on the role as a professor for news broadcasting. She worked as a steelworker in northwest Indiana to finance her education. Her previous radio stations were WBAA, WJOB, WGVE, and WLTH before coming to Chicago. Felicia worked at CBS Radio where she was the first woman and African American to co-anchor mornings. She has won numerous awards for leadership and journalism including the Edward R. Murrow Award for Excellence in News and the Associated Press “Best Reporter Award”. Felicia celebrated her 25th Anniversary of on-air broadcasting with Newsradio 780 WBBM on October 1, 2009. She is the founder and president of "Hollywood Comes to Chicago" and serves on the Board of Directors for three non-profit organizations: “Hands of Hope”, “WINGS: Women in Need Growing Stronger”, and “Children’s Home and Aid Society” (CHASI).
Middlebrooks is the director and producer of her own video production company, Saltshaker Productions LLC, located in Chicago and Los Angeles.
In March of 2002, she was in a highly publicized dispute with management and her job was saved by the Rev. Jesse Jackson. (references #4 & 5)
Selected publications.
A partial list of books of which Middlebrooks was an author:
References.
4. http://www.highbeam.com/doc/1P2-1429219.html
5. http://www.chitownradio.com/messages/10277.html

</doc>
<doc id="18354585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18354585" title="Billy Deans">
Billy Deans

William 'Billy' Deans (born 2 December 1922) was an Australian rules footballer who played for South Melbourne and Melbourne in the VFL during the 1940s. 
A back pocket from Dandenong, Deans was a regular in defence for Melbourne throughout the decade. He played in the 1946 VFL Grand Final which Melbourne lost but got another chance to play in a premiership in 1948, this time finishing on the winning side, although only after a Grand Final Replay. Deans had started his career at South Melbourne in 1941 but only managed the single senior appearance.

</doc>
<doc id="18354593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18354593" title="Stephen Arnold (composer)">
Stephen Arnold (composer)

Stephen Arnold is a jingle writer, often referred to as "the least known, most heard composer in America." His company, Stephen Arnold Music, was formed in 1993.
Early life.
Stephen Arnold was born in Dallas in the early 1950s. Arnold discovered a passion for music at an early age whilst strumming his guitar in a junior high version of The Beatles. Most famous for its petroleum industry, Dallas was not the kind of environment for a 22-year-old who dreamt of forming the next Beatles so in 1974 – after a couple of stints as a singing waiter and an ill-fated gig in Las Vegas, Arnold, at the age of 22, headed to Los Angeles seeking his fame and fortune.
Career.
While chasing his dream of becoming a rock-and-roll star in L.A in the ‘70s, Arnold worked for free at the United Western Studios and learned the ins and outs of music production.
"I was setting up mics and stuff like that, but I was getting to watch people like Neil Diamond and the Beach Boys record. But eventually I had to start paying the bills." 
With the financial hardships of a struggling musician behind him, Arnold’s first paying job as a musician was producing a jingle for his parents’ arts-and-crafts store. Within a year, he’d done jingles for Valley View Shopping Center, Friendly Chervrolet, Ebby Halliday and many others.
At around $750 to $100 per jingle, Arnold figures he couldn’t have brought in more than $30,000 in revenue
Today, Arnold is president of his own company, Stephen Arnold Music, and is known for writing jingles for major TV Networks including ABC News, CNN Headline News, Sinclair Broadcasting Group, the Weather Channel, and more than 250 local stations. Confirmation of Stephen Arnold’s standing in the jingle world was confirmed when he was awarded an Emmy for his compositions for Comcast in 2003. 
Stephen Arnold is most known for his sonic branding, and offers seminars explaining the psychology behind music and how it triggers emotional responses. Famous melodies from TV shows such as "Friends" and "I love Lucy" are studied to show how each of the melodies works to establish a level of familiarity with its audience.

</doc>
<doc id="18354633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18354633" title="Emilianus">
Emilianus

Emilianus may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18354714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18354714" title="Live at Sir George Williams University">
Live at Sir George Williams University

Live at Sir George Williams University is a live album by Dave Van Ronk, re-released in 1997. This recording was done live as a joint concert of the folk music societies of McGill and Sir George Williams Universities in 1967, at Sir George Williams University, in Montreal, Quebec, Canada, and also featured Dave Van Ronk on the same bill.
Reception.
Writing for Allmusic, critic Lindsay Planer wrote of the album "Van Ronk's amenable nature is also evident in his interaction with the audience as he tells short jokes between numbers — especially notable is his "W.C. Fields Routine," proving yet again that this is no standard folky. Dave Van Ronk comes from a dying breed of entertainers who were adept at weaving a continuity into whatever they doing... Much of this set mirrors both the music he chose for inclusion on his long-players as well as tunes he would continue to perform throughout the remainder of his career. Van Ronk steers the show through a seemingly infinite maze of musical genres and influences."

</doc>
<doc id="18354732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18354732" title="Tulks Volcanic Belt">
Tulks Volcanic Belt

The Tulks Volcanic Belt is a volcanic belt located in the central interior of the island of Newfoundland in the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador. It contains felsic volcanic rocks and pyroclastic rocks with minor mafic and sedimentary rocks.

</doc>
<doc id="18354780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18354780" title="Bruce H. McCormick">
Bruce H. McCormick

Bruce Howard McCormick (1928–2007) was an American computer scientist, Emeritus Professor at the Department of Computer Science, and founding director of the Brain Networks Lab at Texas A&M University.
Biography.
McCormick took his BS in Physics from MIT in 1950, followed by two years on a Fulbright Scholarship to Cambridge University, England. There he studied quantum field theory with Professor Paul Dirac, founder of the field of quantum mechanics and holder of the 1933 Nobel Prize in Physics, shared with Professor Erwin Schrödinger. McCormick returned to the U.S. to take his PhD in Physics at Harvard University in 1955, with the thesis "Two investigations in meson theory in the non-relativistic limit". He then became a Postdoctoral Fellow at Brookhaven National Laboratory.
In 1957 McCormick accepted a post as staff physicist at the Alvarez Hydrogen Bubble Chamber Group at the Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory. The Chamber Group was led by Dr. Luis Alvarez, who later won the 1968 Nobel Prize in Physics. In 1960 Dr. McCormick began 12 years at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign where he was a professor of physics, computer science, and bioengineering. Afterwards, he served as head of the electrical engineering and computer science department at the University of Illinois at Chicago. McCormick joined Texas A&M in 1983 as the first department head of the newly formed Department of Computer Science in the Dwight Look College of Engineering. In August 2005 Dr. McCormick retired from Texas A&M but continued his research there, exploring and understanding the complexity and scaling properties of the brain's microcircuit structure.
McCormick died the first week of December 2007 in Rio Rancho, New Mexico.
Publications.
McCormick has authored numerous books and articles.

</doc>
<doc id="18354796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18354796" title="Renata Litvinova">
Renata Litvinova

Renata Muratovna Litvinova (Russian language: Рената Муратовна Литвинова) is a Russian actress, director, and screenwriter. She starred in the award-winning films "Passions", "The Tuner", "Two in One" and "Melody for a Street-organ", directed by Kira Muratova, all of which won best picture at the Nika Awards. In 2007 she was a member of the jury at the 29th Moscow International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="18354803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18354803" title="Namsadang">
Namsadang

The namsadang () is a Korean itinerant troupe which consists of male performers who present various performing arts such as acrobatics, singing, dancing and playing like a circus. 
It is said that "namsadang" was spontaneously formed before 1900 during the Joseon Dynasty 
and used to wander about marketplaces and villages. The troupe was considered the lowest class in society along with "cheonmin" (vulgar commoners) or "baekjeong" (butchers), so that very few historical documents remain on them. However, since a record that a puppet show was performed during the Silla period (57 BCE – 935 CE) has been found, it is assumed that similar types of itinerant companies appeared in Korean history a long time ago. 
During the late Joseon Dynasty, there were several "namsadang", but the one whose base was set in Cheongryongsa temple (청룡사) in Anseong, Gyeonggi Province was the most famous. They became called "namsadang" because the troupe were composed of only men and ""nam"" (남, ) means a male in Korean. Later, a few female members were accepted to join in the group though.
The six performances which the troupe performs are collectively called "Namsadang nori" (남사당놀이), literally meaning "nori" (놀이) performed by "namsadng". Nori refers to play, game or performance in Korean. The "namsadang nori" includes "pungmul nori" (풍물, Korean spinning hat dance), "beona nori" (버나놀이, spinning hoops and dishes), "salpan" (살판, tumbling), "eoreum" (어름, tightrope dancing), "deotboegi" (덧뵈기, mask dance drama), and "deolmi" (덜미, puppet play). All six "nori" are associated with each other and integrate various activities such as music, feat, acrobatics, stunt, play, dance, and mask dance. Originally there were ten performances on Namsadang-nori but only six have been brought down until now.
On December 7, 1964, the South Korean government designated "deolmi" (puppet play) as the third Important Intangible Cultural Property. Later, on August 1, 1988, all six performances of "Namsadang nori" were included as Important Intangible Cultural Properties as well.
Troupe organization.
"Namsadang" usually consisted of 40 ~ 50 members of all ages. The head of the group is called "kkokdusoe" (꼭두쇠, ) and the second-in-command is called "golbaengisoe" (골뱅이쇠 ). Underneath there were "tteunsoe" (뜬쇠 ), "gayeol" (가열 ), "ppiri" (삐리 ), "jeoseungpae" (저승패 ), and "deungjimkkun" (등짐꾼 ). "Tteunsoe" is the head of the each performance or senior performer and "gayeol" is a performer. "Ppiri" is an apprentice. In addition, "jeoseungpae" refers to elderly members and "deungjimkkun" is porters. 
The troupe was well-organized and strictly disciplined by rules. Because entertainers like singers or actors were often despised in that age, the troupe recruited its members among the orphans, poor farmers` children and sometimes even through kidnapping. They were not well-paid. Very often they were offered only meals and beds and a small amount of money. They had tough lives.
The troupe may have functioned as a homosexual community, with each member taking the role of "Sutdongmo", "butch", or "Yodongmo", "queen".
Namsadang nori.
Namsadang's "yeonhui" (연희, 演戱) or performances were held on the ground instead of theaters. When "namsadang" found a village, they had to get a permission from the leader of the village in order to present their talents. Members of "namsadang" performed the six "nori" in the biggest yard of the village. The sequence of six "nori" is as follows.
Pungmul nori.
"Pungmul nori" (풍물놀이) is the first performance of "namsadang nori", combined with music, dance, "sangmo nori" (상모놀이, spinning streamer hat performance) and various other activities. "Pungmul" instruments comprise four percussion instruments such as "jing" (gong), "kkwaenggwari" (another kind of gong), "buk" (drum), "janggu" (double-headed drum) and several "sogo" (tabors) and nallari/Taepyeongso (double-reed), which make unique melodies and rhythms. The music played by the four instruments of "pungmul" (i.e. "jing, kkwaenggwari, buk, janggu") is called "samul nori" (four piece playing).
Beona-nori.
"Beaona nori" (버나놀이) is a performance with "beona". This can be a dish, a basin, or a sieve frame. Performers spin and toss the "beona" into the air by using a tobacco pipe or a long wooden stick while exchanging witty talks with a clown called "maehossi" (매호씨) or "sorikkun" (소리꾼).
Salpan.
The word "salpan" (살판) comes from the saying that "if you do well, you will be alive ("salpan"), and if you don't, you will be dead" (jookeulpan). It is also called "ttangjaeju" (땅재주), literally meaning talents held on the ground. The performer executes various acrobatic feats called "gondu" (곤두) while exchanging humorous banter with a "maehossi" (clown).
Eoreum.
"Eoreum" (어름) or "jultagi" (줄타기) is tightrope dancing. It is called "eoreum" because the "nori" is as hard and cautious as walking on thin ice ("eoreum" means "thin ice" in Korean). The performer or eoreum-sani dances, sings songs, and does aerial stunts on the rope which is tightly fastened 3 meters off the ground. The performer also exchanges witty talks with a "maehossi" on the ground and all his performance is accompanied with special rhythm made by a drum.
Deotboegi.
"Deotboegi" (덧뵈기) means "See with the mask on". Generally, this performance has good humor and tendency to tickle the fancy of the public. "Deotboegi" gains high popularity among audience. However it also contains keen satire on the society and yangban or the noble class of Joseon Dynasty.
Deolmi.
"Deolmi" (덜미) or puppet play is played last. It is also known as ""kkokdu kagsi noleum"" (꼭두각시놀음), which comprises the three words: "kkokdu" (puppet), "gaksi" (maiden) and noleum ("nori", performance). In addition, the puppetry is called ""parkcheomji noleum"" (박첨지놀음) and ""Hongdongji nori"" (홍동지놀이), all of which are named after the main characters in the play. In Korea, puppet plays appeared first in the early age of the Silla Dynasty (BC 57 - 935AD). All the other puppet plays disappeared later on, but "deolmi" survives and has been brought down through generations. Its main story is about the resistance against the dominant aristocratic class and satirizes corrupt Buddhist priests. So the play appealed to the commoners and the poor public, which perhaps explains its popularity, and ultimately why it has survived so many years. It was designated as Important Intangible Cultural Property before the other parts of the "namsadang nori".
Generally performers use about 40 puppets and around 10 hand props.
Baudeogi.
Probably the most famous and eminent person ever in the history of "namsadang" is "Baudeogi" Her real name is Kim Amdeok (김암덕). She was born as the daughter of a poor peasant farmer and joined the troupe at the age of 5 in 1853. She had the great makings of the six performances, and with her amazing skills and artistic talent, became a big star among the public. When Baudeogi was 15, she was unanimously elected as "kkokdusoe" (leader of the troupe) by the troupe members. That was quite unusual because at that time only male could be a leader and she was so young. This might prove her talents and high popularity. In 1865, Heungseon Daewongun, the regency called in her troupe to court and had them cheer workers who engaged in constructing a new palace. They made a great success in their job, and the regency gave her a jade headband button. At that time, only high rank officials could possess and her fame spread nationwide ever since. This is regarded as the beginning of Korean entertainment business as well as Baudeogi is appraised as the first popular entertainer of Korea. The local festival of Anseong is called "Baudeogi Festival" in the honor of her. It is held in Anseong in October every year.
Cultural significance.
The significance of "namsadang nori" can be found in its common touch. This came into existence spontaneously and performed for the poor farmers, folks, traders, and other middle-class and low-class people. It functioned as consolation for the public and gained high popularity among the general populace. And though it is not so refined as other Korean musical styles (i.e. Dodeuri) and dances (i.e. Kommu (reflist 18) (Sword Dance) for the noble class, it may be seen as performance meant to convey and have most powerful appeal to emotion.
Restoration.
The troupe was re-established in Anseong, which is the birthplace of the old "namsadang", to preserve its cultural heritage. The new troupe has its regular performances on every Saturday and also provides overseas performances from time to time.
References.
http://www.asianinfo.org/asianinfo/korea/perform/court_dances.htm

</doc>
<doc id="18354808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18354808" title="1920–21 Montreal Canadiens season">
1920–21 Montreal Canadiens season

The 1920–21 Montreal Canadiens season was the team's 12th season and fourth as a member of the National Hockey League (NHL). The Canadiens, for the second season in a row, did not qualify for the playoffs, finishing third in the first half and second in the second half of the season.
The team saw some turnover from the previous season's team. Harry Cameron, Billy Coutu, Jack Coughlin, Howard McNamara and Don Smith were gone. In their place was Billy Bell, Dave Campbell, Jack McDonald, Harry Mummery, Dave Ritchie and Cully Wilson. Coutu was traded to the new Hamilton Tigers for Mummery. Cameron returned to Toronto and picked up Wilson. McDonald and Ritchie were picked up as free agents while Campbell was a new professional from the Laval University ranks and would only play in three games.
Regular season.
Georges Vezina came third in the league in goals against average of 4.1 per game. Newsy Lalonde led the Canadiens in offence, scoring 32 goals and 10 assists to win the league scoring championship.
Player stats.
Note: Pos = Position; GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; PIM = Penalty minutes<br>         MIN = Minutes played; W = Wins; L = Losses; T = Ties; GA = Goals-against; GAA = Goals-against average; SO = Shutouts; <br>         † = spent time with another team before joining Canadiens, stats reflect time with the Canadiens only;<br>         ‡ = loaned to another team, stats reflect time with the Canadiens only; 
Playoffs.
The Canadiens did not qualify for the playoffs
Roster.
Source: Mouton, p. 153

</doc>
<doc id="18354813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18354813" title="Looking for a Star">
Looking for a Star

"Looking for a Star" is a country-dance song by the Swedish band Rednex.

</doc>
<doc id="18354836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18354836" title="Electrosport">
Electrosport

The Electrosport (also described as "Electric-sport") was a compact-sized electric vehicle using AMC Hornets that were converted by the Electric Fuel Propulsion Company (EFP) of Ferndale, Michigan.
Design.
The zero-emission Electrosport concept cars were made using American Motors (AMC) Hornet sedans and “Sportabout” station wagons from 1971 to 1974.
The Electrosport was designed to be a supplementary vehicle for commuting or daily chores and to be recharged at home using household current as well as at Charge Stations away from home to replenish power in 45 minutes.
The company also established the “World’s First Electric Car Expressway” between Detroit and Chicago - a distance of about - that consisted of Interstate 94, but with six 50 kW charging stations that were located at Holiday Inn hotels near the highway. Additional charging stations were planned.
An EFP designed direct current series-wound traction motor (the size of a one-gallon paint can) was bolted through an aluminum adapter plate to the car’s standard clutch and 3-speed manual transmission. The motor was similar to that offered to teams in the Great Electric Race and capable of speeds up to . A total of 24 six-volt “TriPolar” cobalt-lead storage batteries were mounted under the hood and under a plywood floor in the trunk. These improved lead-cobalt batteries recharge fast and can go as many as between charges. The company, and its president, Robert R. Aronson, was awarded several patents including the "Fifth Generation Lead Cobalt Battery". One 12-volt battery was provided for the car's lights and accessories. The solid-state, stopless controller was a modified unit from a forklift truck. An auxiliary gasoline heater with a one-gallon tank provided heat and defrosting. The system was called "Thunderbolt" by EFP, and was billed as potentially installable in many different standard production Detroit automobiles.
The exterior of the Electrosport was differentiated from regular production Hornets by a one-piece solid fiberglass body-colored panel in place of the AMC's silver and black plastic grille. Additional gauges were added to the instrument panel. The Hornet’s gas cap covered the three-prong plug mounted in the former fuel tank filler hole to which an extension cord connected to 220-volt AC power.
While reviewing a prototype, "Motor Trend" magazine indicated that cruising in second gear keeps the motor close to its 7000 revolutions per minute maximum will draw the least amount of electric current from the batteries, thus achieving further range between recharges. The non-assisted brakes required a lot of pressure on the pedal because of the heavy weight of the car with its batteries – a total of in a chassis designed for creates problems. Acceleration from 0 to 60 mph was described as rather slow at 30 seconds, but flooring the accelerator in third gear produced the same sensation as in a large-sized car with a V8 engine and automatic transmission, clocking 12.5 seconds to go from .
An Electrosport was used by the Golden Valley Electric Association of Fairbanks, Alaska, as a test to help deal with the increasing ice fog in the city. This thick, choking fog is caused when water vapor from automobile exhaust and other sources meets an air mass that is too cold to disperse it, as well as cold enough to crystallize it. The 5-passenger vehicle was capable of reaching in below freezing weather, and after of driving, its on-board fast-charger could replenish the batteries in less than 60 minutes.
The Electrosport was also tested and analyzed in a report about the impact of future use of electric cars in the Los Angeles region in 1974, as well as in a technical report on the performance of the Electrosport electric vehicle in 1975 by the United States Department of Energy.
The Electrosport was marketed as "a unique addition to the premium car market" and this was reflected in the station wagon's delivered price of UD$11,900 (state and local taxes not included). The company's target sales for the all-electric car were the New York City, Los Angeles, and Palm Beach, Florida markets. The plan was for EFP to be the first (modern) mass producer of electric autos with an expected order of 400 station wagons for the Electric Vehicle Council of the Edison Electric Institute.
In 1971, the average price for of gasoline was 36 cents (in the United States). For comparison, the original suggested retail price (MSRP) of a standard gasoline-powered Hornet Sportabout wagon was only $2,587. "Popular Science" magazine noted that "you'll have to be a true idealist to place an order..."
Legacy.
Apollo Energy Systems later made other electric car models, including the 1972 X-144 Electric Car (based on an AMC Gremlin, the 1974 Santa Fe Luxury Sedan (based on an AMC Matador, and the 1978-2000 Silver Volt I. The technology developed by EFP has since been taken over by Apollo Energy Systems (AES).

</doc>
<doc id="18354840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18354840" title="Krasnogorsk, Uzbekistan">
Krasnogorsk, Uzbekistan

Krasnogorsk is a town in the Tashkent Province of Uzbekistan. It was founded in Soviet times in 1953 as Krasnogorsky. 19,176 people live in the town as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="18354855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18354855" title="Somebody Else, Not Me">
Somebody Else, Not Me

Somebody Else, Not Me is a 1980 album by American folk and blues singer Dave Van Ronk.
"Somebody Else, Not Me" continues Van Ronk's return to basic blues, folk and jazz accompanying himself on guitar. It was reissued (with a slight change of name) as "Someone Else, Not Me" on CD by Philo in 1999. It was originally to be released in late 1970s as the follow-up to "Sunday Street".
Reception.
Writing for Allmusic, critic William Ruhlman wrote of the album "If the result was not quite the equal of Sunday Street, it was in the same league and continued Van Ronk's mature renaissance."

</doc>
<doc id="18354929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18354929" title="Kevin Tan">
Kevin Tan

Kai Wen "Kevin" Tan (; born September 24, 1981) is an American artistic gymnast.
Early life.
Tan was born in Fremont, California in 1981 to immigrants from Taiwan. He graduated from Mission San Jose High School, Class of 2000.
He is of Chinese descent. His Chinese and legal name is Kai Wen and that is the name he uses in international competition. He uses his English language name Kevin in domestic events and in his coaching at Penn State.
Career.
At Penn State, Tan was a six time All-American. He won the NCAA team championship as a senior in 2004 and also won the individual titles in still rings in 2003 and 2004, thus becoming Penn State's first back-to-back NCAA champion on the still rings. He also earned All-American honors on the parallel bars (2002) and high bar (2003) during his career.
Following his graduation, he began working as an assistant coach of the Penn State men's gymnastics team.
Tan was a member of the 2005, 2006, and 2007 U.S. teams to the World Gymnastics Championships and is a 3-time U.S. national champion on the still rings, his specialty.
Tan was named to the 2008 Olympic team and was selected as captain of the team. Tan did not qualify for the event final for his signature event the rings. During the finals on the last event the pommel horse, Tan scored 12.755. Fellow team member and original alternate Alexander Artemev secured the bronze medal with a score 15.350.

</doc>
<doc id="18354943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18354943" title="Anyway You Want Me">
Anyway You Want Me

"Anyway You Want Me" is a country-dance song by the Swedish band Rednex.

</doc>
<doc id="18354994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18354994" title="Radulichnus">
Radulichnus

Radulichnus is an ichnogenus of trace fossil which resembles the marks produced by the action of a mollusc's radula on sediment. As an ichnogenus, its classification is based solely on "appearance", and does not necessarily imply anything of the affinity of the organism which produced the trace.
However, fossils of "Kimberella" have been found at or near the ends of "Radulichnus" traces, leading to the suspicion (accepted nearly as fact by some) that the traces were made by "Kimberella".

</doc>
<doc id="18355023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18355023" title="Evangeline (Mary Anne Hobbs compilation)">
Evangeline (Mary Anne Hobbs compilation)

Evangeline is a compilation album of electronic music (largely dubstep and grime) released in 2008 on the Planet Mu label. The album was compiled by Mary Anne Hobbs and features tracks, many exclusive.
The album is available in two formats: CD and a set of four vinyl records. Unitz's "The Drop" and Tes La Rok featuring Uncle Sam's "Up in the VIP" are only available on the CD version.

</doc>
<doc id="18355034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18355034" title="Long rider">
Long rider

Long rider may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18355064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18355064" title="Boris Kuznetsov">
Boris Kuznetsov

Boris Kuznetsov may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18355070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18355070" title="PDB">
PDB

PDB may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18355094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18355094" title="Julius Posener">
Julius Posener

Julius Posener (November 4, 1904 in Lichterfelde – January 29, 1996 in Berlin) was a German architectural historian, author and higher education teacher.
Coming from a bourgeois-Jewish background, son of the painter Moritz Posener and a daughter of the real estate developer Oppenheim, Julius Posener grew up in the middle-class environment in the architecturally stimulating Berlin villa colony Lichterfelde-West. His parents had built themselves a villa in the English country home style there as founders of progressive architecture. This environment had lastingly formed him from his own statement:
Posener's way of life and activity would be formed strongly through the break of the felt ideal and the succeeding Third Reich. He studied Architecture from 1923 to 1929, under among others Hans Poelzig, at the Technischen Hochschule Berlin-Charlottenberg.After his studies, he was active among others in the office of Erich Mendelsohn in Berlin and lived temporarily also already in Paris. He fled there after the 1933 power struggle of the Nazis. Posener emigrated to Palestine in 1935, he registered voluntarily for the British Army and would be naturalized in 1946. After the war, he taught in London and in Kuala Lampur from 1956. He followed the call for the teaching position for Building history at the Berlin Higher Education for Building Arts (modern Berlin University of the Arts) and taught there until 1971.
Julius Posener was chairman of the Deutscher Werkbund from 1973 to 1976 and was an important Mentor of the periodical ARCH+.
His closeness with the political German Chaos interlaced the life style of Posener detailed in his memoir.

</doc>
<doc id="18355109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18355109" title="Tasmanian state election, 1956">
Tasmanian state election, 1956

Elections for the House of Assembly were held in the Australian state of Tasmania on 13 October 1956.
Background.
The 1955 election had resulted in a parliamentary deadlock between the Labor and Liberal parties, although Robert Cosgrove remained Premier of Tasmania. On 11 September 1956, Cosgrove's minister for housing, Carrol Bramich, resigned from the ALP following an internal row, party switching and giving the Liberal opposition a majority. Cosgrove obtained a dissolution of parliament from the Governor of Tasmania, and an election was called for 13 October.
The electorate of Darwin had been renamed in 1955 to Braddon, after former Premier Sir Edward Braddon.
Results.
Following the 1956 election, the ALP and Liberals remained in a 15-seat deadlock. Despite Bramich's defection to the Liberals, Labor picked up a seat in Bramich's electorate of Braddon, maintaining the status quo with Cosgrove and the ALP still in power.
Aftermath.
The subsequent election in 1959 saw the number of seats in the Tasmanian House of Assembly increased to 35, which would prevent the kind of deadlock which resulted from having an even number of seats in the house.

</doc>
<doc id="18355123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18355123" title="Conceit (rapper)">
Conceit (rapper)

Conceit is an American rapper from Brooklyn who won the Youtube.com "On The Rise" Video contest. The finalists were selected by 50 Cent. In 2007 he won a record deal with Interscope Records, and a gift certificate with Guitar Center. He is founding member of the StrangeFace Crew and a member of the bay area rap group, Gurp City. Conceit has played with ODB (Wu Tang Clan), KRS ONE, Hieroglyphics, Living Legends, X-Men, Fatlip, Immortal Technique, Jurassic 5, Quannum, Devin The Dude, Triple Threat Deejays, Zion I, to name a few. And he has graced both The Rock Steady 25th Anniversary and I.T.F. World Championships. Strong sponsorship by LRG & Militree Clothing.
In 2008 he signed with Machete Vox Records, and was slated to release an album, "Last of the Scohicans" in 2009, but it was never released. In 2009 Conceit disappeared, only communicating with fans and collaborators through social media. As of 2013 his whereabouts are still unknown. Update: Conceit appears on the MTV 2 show Nick Cannon Presents: Wild'n out as a guest star. He commonly stays quiet to the end only to bring out his freestyle, no beat needed, rapping skills.

</doc>
<doc id="18355131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18355131" title="1921–22 Montreal Canadiens season">
1921–22 Montreal Canadiens season

The 1921–22 Montreal Canadiens season was the team's 13th season and fifth as a member of the National Hockey League (NHL). The Canadiens, for the third season in a row, did not qualify for the playoffs, finishing third.
Billy Coutu returned to the Canadiens. Other additions included Odie Cleghorn's brother Sprague Cleghorn, Bill Boucher, Edmond Bouchard and Phil Stevens. Dave Ritchie retired and Cully Wilson joined the Hamilton Tigers.
Prior to the start of this season, the NHL's first multiple-player trade in its history was made when Billy Coutu and Sprague Cleghorn of the Hamilton Tigers were traded to the Montreal Canadiens for Harry Mummery, Amos Arbour and Cully Wilson.
Canadiens owner George Kennedy never recovered from the influenza he contracted in 1919, and died on October 19, 1921, at age 39. His widow sold the Canadiens to a unit that would be known affectionately as the Three Musketeers of owners, Leo Dandurand, Louis Letourneau, and Joseph Cattarinich. Dandurand became manager and coach, and immediately there were problems between him and Newsy Lalonde. At one point, Dandurand accused Lalonde of not trying, and also the fans started to boo their old hero. Finally, Lalonde walked out on the team. NHL president Frank Calder mediated the dispute and Lalonde returned to the team. But his days in Montreal were numbered.
Regular season.
Georges Vezina came third in the league in goals against average of 3.9 per game. Odie Cleghorn led the Canadiens in offence, scoring 21 goals and 3 assists.
Playoffs.
They didn't qualify for the playoffs
Transactions.
Trades.
Source: 
Roster.
Source: Mouton, p. 154

</doc>
<doc id="18355171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18355171" title="Longhaired Whippet">
Longhaired Whippet

The Longhaired Whippet is a medium-sized coated sighthound breed that is closely related to short haired whippets.
Description.
Appearance.
The Longhaired Whippet is a medium-sized, athletic sighthound, identical in build to the Whippet but with a longer silky coat and fringes. The breed standard indicates that the Longhaired Whippet should conform to the general appearance outlined by the Whippet breed standard except, of course, for the longer coat. However, the coat should not prevent the dog from being able to fulfill its function in the field as a running dog.
Temperament
Longhaired Whippets have sweet, friendly personalities and enjoy spending time with people and other dogs (especially dogs of their own kind). They are affectionate and loving yet still maintain the typical dignified sighthound demeanor. They tend to be a bit more biddable and eager to please than other sighthounds which makes them well suited to obedience and agility training. They do not make good guard dogs, but will bark a warning to their owners if they feel it necessary.
Exercise.
Longhaired Whippets are capable of reaching very high speeds, but are not high-strung or hyperactive. They are sprinters and do enjoy being able to run and play, but spend a large amount of their time lounging comfortably at home.
Like all sighthounds, they do not have a lot of body fat and are not suitable to be kept outdoors year round, nor for long periods outdoors in the cold or inclement weather.
History.
The history of the Longhaired Whippet has not been without some controversy. In the 1970s, after several decades and breeding generations, an AKC Whippet breeder named Walter A. Wheeler Jr. went public with his successful breeding of a long coated variety of Whippets developed from both his own smooth coated (short haired) Whippets and those from other Whippet breeders that displayed observable evidence of carrying the longhair gene. 
Mr. Wheeler claims that the long coat is the result of the expression of a recessive gene for long hair which is carried in some lines of smooth Whippets. Although some people continue to believe that Longhaired Whippets are derived solely from short haired Whippets, others believe that the long coat more likely came from cross-breeding with other longer-coated breeds such as the Borzoi or Shetland Sheepdog, both breeds that Mr. Wheeler owned. One reason for this alternative belief is that some Longhaired Whippets carry the recessive MDR1 allele and/or the recessive CEA allele, mutant genes found predominantly in herding breeds, but not in the smooth Whippet. 
The breed origin controversy is mostly an academic one as all Whippets were originally developed by cross-breeding other dogs such as Greyhounds and Terriers. No breed is more "pure" than any other, but some breeds were developed earlier in human history than others. Another controversy stems from the use of the word "Whippet" in reference to the Longhaired Whippet. Some smooth Whippet breeders openly oppose including the word "Whippet" in the Longhaired Whippet's official breed name, although there are many other breeds who use names that are similar, such as "Greyhound" and "Italian Greyhound".
Some American Whippet breeders claim that the name Whippet should be reserved for only smooth Whippets, although a rough coated variety of Whippet was common in the early history of the breed as a racing dog in England and existed as late as the 1970s in the United States. The last of these rough coated Whippets were euthanized when the only remaining kennel owner/breeder passed away at that time. Since the gene for the rough coat (also sometimes called "wire coated" or "wire haired" ) is a dominant gene, the elimination of all these rough coated Whippets effectively eliminated the rough coat from the American Whippet gene pool.
Those who believe that the Longhaired Whippet developed directly from the expression of a rare recessive longer coat gene (an allele of the gene FGF5;) that is carried by smooth Whippets point out that there are a number of other breeds who have known recessive long coated varieties (e.g. German Shepherd Dog, Weimaraner, Dachshund, Chihuahua). However, scientific research published in 2006 clearly shows that the specific allele that confers the long coat is not present in any of the breeds "fixed" for short hair (e.g. Whippets, Greyhounds). This study did show that Greyhounds (and several other breeds fixed for short hair such as Beagles, Dobermans, Labradors) do sometimes carry one or two copies of a variant of the FGF5 allele (contains a small duplication in a non-conserved part of the coding region) but this variant allele (unlike the missense allele that confers the long hair) does not correlate with long hair. That is, dogs with two copies of this variant allele do still have short hair (1). Therefore, this study provides evidence that Greyhounds (one of the founding breeds for Whippets) do not carry a recessive allele for long hair. 
The Longhaired Whippet has been confused with the Silken Windhound due to their similar appearance. The Longhaired Whippet is actually one of the founding breeds behind the Silken Windhound which was developed by Borzoi breeder Francie Stull. She crossed Longhaired Whippets from Walter Wheeler's breeding kennel with Borzoi to create the breed now known as the Silken Windhound. While the two breeds are related, the Silken Windhound tends to be larger and has a different head type.
Another name that is used for the Longhaired Whippet (especially in Europe) is the "Silken Windsprite". This was originally a nickname used by Francie Stull, for her Silken Windhounds. "Windsprite" was Walter Wheeler's AKC kennel name and is in the pedigrees of his Longhaired Whippets. The Silken Windsprite name is now used by some European breeders, especially in Germany, as a breed name for the Longhaired Whippets that they have imported from the U.S., but other Longhaired Whippet breeders in Europe have chosen to use the name Longhaired Whippet as their official breed name.
Recognition.
The Longhaired Whippet is not currently recognized by any of the major kennel clubs in the English-speaking world. However, there are two national parent clubs set up for the breed: The Longhaired Whippet Association (Incorporated in 1981) who produce only purebred Whippets exhibiting or carrying the long haired gene and the International Longhaired Whippet Club, which breeds and registers purebred Longhaired Whippets, and also tracks - in a separate registry - mixes of Longhaired Whippets with other breeds. Both clubs offer conformation and performance events for their members. Effective spring 2010 Longhaired Whippets can compete in some AKC obedience and agility trials if they are neutered/spayed and registered with the AKC as mixed breeds.
In addition to the events held by the national parent clubs, the Longhaired Whippet is also eligible to compete in conformation events held by rare breed clubs and minor kennel clubs including the Continental Kennel Club, the North American Kennel Club, the International Canine Kennel Club and the International All-Breed Canine Association (IABCA). 
Longhaired Whippets, like all Whippets, can excel in dog sports such as agility, lure coursing, and obedience, which are open to all dogs through clubs such as the United States Dog Agility Association.
Health.
Longhaired Whippets are known to sometimes carry for two undesirable genetic mutations (see below). In any breed the intense inbreeding necessary to select for a recessive trait such as long hair can concurrently select for other undesirable recessive traits, especially those that are (by chance) linked to the desirable traits being selected.
Longhaired Whippets are potential carriers of a recessive genetic mutation in the MDR1 gene, which makes them sensitive to certain drugs, such as a common dewormer known as Ivermectin. There are several other commonly used drugs that these carrier status dogs should not take such as Zofran and Imodium.Carrier status for MDR1 can be established through a simple cheek swab tissue test. In addition, the eye disorder Choroidal Hypoplasia (also known as Collie Eye Anomaly sometimes occurs in this breed, as well as in several other breeds, predominantly of the herding class. A genetic test for this recessive trait is available as well. In some breed clubs in Europe it is forbidden to cross -/- to -/- (with - indicating the mutant allele and + indicating the wild type allele) and -/- to +/-. In addition, these clubs do not recommend crossing -/- to +/+ and +/- to +/-. All Longhaired Whippet breed clubs in North America as well as Europe are working hard to eliminate both the MDR1 and CEA mutations from this breed by conducting genetic testing and making genetically informed breeding choices.

</doc>
<doc id="18355181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18355181" title="Meridix Webcast Network">
Meridix Webcast Network

The Meridix Webcast Network is a webcast network which allows schools, sports teams, universities, and other organizations to webcast their own events through live streaming audio and video, real time game scores and data, text message or email alerts, and mobile content tools. In 2007, the network was nominated for the Chicago Innovation Awards.
The webcast system is used in many states, including Texas, Minnesota, Iowa, Illinois, Washington, Arizona, California, and other states to webcast live events such as high school football games, state championship games, and other sporting events, as well as Kansas Jayhawks hockey, school events, radio simulcasting by AM/FM stations (such as KMA (AM) 960 and KKBZ 99.3 FM), and talk shows. The system has international users, including several teams of the National Superior Basketball (BSNPR). 
Each entity in the network, whether it be a school, a sports team, a radio station, or any other type of organization, is assigned an identity called a LiveID. The LiveID serves as both the "username" for the broadcaster organization, as well as a handle that listeners and fans can use to find the organization's live webcasts and archives.
A MeridixID, on the other hand, is a free identity which allows fans, parents, players, coaches, and other individuals to access various Meridix tools with a single identity. Using a MeridixID, an individual could act in different capacities for different organizations, such as customizing their text message preferences between various teams, submitting scores, or posting a profile.
Meridix Platform.
Other websites have also begun incorporating Meridix Webcast Network tools into their own infrastructure. These include MNSportsNetwork.com, BSports.org, DaBigGuy.com, and others. The Meridix Webcast Networks's features were also shown in a 2007 television story done on the MSBN by KARE 11 in Minneapolis.

</doc>
<doc id="18355199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18355199" title="Big East Conference Baseball Tournament">
Big East Conference Baseball Tournament

The Big East Conference Baseball Tournament is the conference championship tournament in baseball for the Big East Conference. It is a double-elimination tournament and seeding is based on regular season records. The winner receives the conference's automatic bid to the NCAA Division I Baseball Tournament. The Big East Tournament champion is separate from the conference champion. The conference championship is determined solely by regular season record.
From 1985–2013, the tournament was sponsored by the old Big East Conference. Starting with the 2014 tournament, it will be sponsored by the newly formed, non-football Big East Conference.
Tournament.
The Big East Conference Baseball Tournament is an eight team double-elimination tournament held annually at various location in the Big East Conference region. The eight teams with the best conference record at the end of the regular season earn berths in the tournament. The winner earns the Big East's automatic bid to the NCAA Division I Baseball Tournament. The remaining Big East teams can also qualify for the 64 team NCAA Tournament by receiving an at-large bid.
History.
The tournament was first held in 1985.
1985–1995.
The tournament consisted of four teams competing in a double-elimination tournament.
1996–2000.
The tournament was expanded to a six team double-elimination tournament.
2001–2005.
The tournament returned to a four team double-elimination format.
2006–2013.
The tournament was expanded to become an eight team double-elimination tournament.
2014.
With only seven teams in the conference, all teams will be invited with the top seed receiving a single bye.

</doc>
<doc id="18355202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18355202" title="Angelo, Gordon &amp; Co.">
Angelo, Gordon &amp; Co.

Angelo Gordon & Company is an American alternative investment manager focused on making distressed investments and a hedge fund sponsor. Within its hedge fund activities, Angelo Gordon focuses on a number of alternative investment strategies. The firm also manages convertible arbitrage, credit arbitrage, leveraged loans, merger arbitrage, real estate, power/energy as well as multi-strategy portfolios for its clients. 
The firm is headquartered in New York City and has offices in Los Angeles, London, Hong Kong, Seoul, Tokyo and Oak Brook, Illinois.
The firm was founded in 1988 by John M. Angelo and Michael L. Gordon. Prior to the founding of Angelo Gordon, the two co-founders ran the arbitrage department of L.F. Rothschild in the 1980s.
Investments.
Angelo Gordon operates three basic types of investment vehicles:
In recent news reports Angelo Gordon & Co is the lead secured creditor including that of Bally Technologies & New Evolution Fitness with founder Mark Mastrov, Jim Rowley & Dean Moloney will be purchasing Tribune Company, Philadelphia Media Holdings and the Star Tribune Media Company in Minneapolis. The company was selected by the U.S. government to participate in the Public Private Investment Program, under which the government will back investment managers' purchases of toxic assets from banks.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18355209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18355209" title="George Marcus">
George Marcus

George Marcus is an American anthropologist, founder of the journal "Cultural Anthropology," and editor of the Late Editions series.
Biography.
Marcus served as the Joseph D. Jamail Professor at Rice University, where he chaired the anthropology department for 25 years. He currently holds the position of Chancellor's Professor at the University of California, Irvine, where he established a Center for Ethnography, devoted to experiments and innovations in this form of inquiry. He is married to the historian Patricia Seed.
Research.
Marcus has studied "elites" — people with a great amount of social power. He has researched and written about nobility in Tonga, an upper-class group with family fortunes in Galveston, Texas, and a Portuguese nobleman. In two books, "Writing Culture" and "Anthropology as Cultural Critique", he argues that anthropologists typically frame their thoughts according to their own social, political and literary history, and are inclined to study people with less power and status than themselves. 
Marcus pushed anthropology to pay greater attention to the modern world’s influence on communities once regarded as isolated. He advocated new research methods to reflect this contemporary focus, including how a community changes and disperses around the world. In the 1980s, most anthropologists studied people who had lived in the same location for hundreds of years, with a narrow focus on local, long-standing traditions. Today, an anthropologist interested in the people of Samoa, for example, would likely not only study life in the Samoan Islands, but also Samoan communities in New Zealand, Hawaii and California.
Marcus’ current focus involves looking at key institutions of great power, and their connections and consequences for ordinary people. With anthropologist Douglas R. Holmes, he is applying an anthropological research approach to people’s thought and decision-making processes in the operation of central banks in the U.S. and Europe.
Literary pursuits.
Marcus was the founding editor of "Cultural Anthropology", the journal of the Society for Cultural Anthropology and a top journal in its field. In the 1990s, Marcus edited an eight-volume series of annuals called "Late Editions: Cultural Studies for the End of the Century", which documented the diverse social and cultural transitions at the turn of the millennium. The series covered a wide range of topics through conversations and interviews between scholars and individuals involved in the crucial processes of change.

</doc>
<doc id="18355211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18355211" title="Sleigh Bells (band)">
Sleigh Bells (band)

Sleigh Bells is an American noise pop musical duo based in Brooklyn, New York, formed in 2008. The duo consists of vocalist Alexis Krauss and guitarist Derek Edward Miller. After signing to N.E.E.T. Recordings and Mom+Pop, Sleigh Bells released their debut album, "Treats", on May 11, 2010. Their follow-up album, "Reign of Terror", was released on February 21, 2012. On October 8, 2013, the band released their third album, Bitter Rivals. 
History.
Background and formation.
Both members of Sleigh Bells had previous experience performing and touring in a musical ensemble. From age seventeen to twenty-two, Florida native Derek Miller was a guitarist in the hardcore band Poison the Well. He last performed on the band's 2003 major-label debut "You Come Before You", leaving the following year due to creative differences. He wrote songs while working as a waiter or barback in various cities across the United States. Alexis Krauss grew up in New Jersey and has a background in theater and television. As a young girl she appeared in a "Nickelodeon Magazine" commercial. From age twelve to sixteen, Krauss performed in the teen pop group RubyBlue. After RubyBlue broke up, Krauss went to college (majoring in political science), taught Spanish to elementary school children in The Bronx and performed at weddings on the side for fun.
In March 2008, Miller moved to Brooklyn to find a female vocalist for some song demos he was working on. In April 2008 he started working at Miss Favela—a Brazilian bistro in Williamsburg, Brooklyn—and in July 2008, Krauss and her mother dined at the restaurant. Miller expressed his interest in finding a female vocalist for his new project and Krauss was immediately volunteered by her mother. The two met in a park and listened to Miller's demos through headphones. In a 2012 interview, Krauss remembered her first impressions, saying: "Derek's music sounded like a really interesting challenge, but I wasn't thinking he was somebody I wanted to develop a creative relationship with." Krauss was pursuing a Rhodes Scholarship at the time, but decided to join forces with Miller instead.
2009: "Sleigh Bells" EP.
The duo performed at the CMJ Music Marathon in October 2009. They signed to M.I.A.'s N.E.E.T. Recordings soon after and Mom + Pop Records. The two quickly got in the studio and recorded a seven-track self-titled EP. Their EP soon gained attention from "The Guardian", "The New York Times", Pitchfork Media, ABC News's Amplified, and other sources. Stereogum named them a Band To Watch October 22, 2009. "The Guardian" named them Band of the Day in December 2009. Their song "Crown on the Ground" was named the fifty-seventh best track of 2009 by Pitchfork Media. Miller recorded the track "Meds and Feds" with M.I.A. from the album "Maya" towards the end of 2009, and began recording "Treats" with Krauss in 2010. "Rill Rill" uses a sample from Funkadelic's "Can You Get to That".
2010–11: "Treats".
The group released "Tell 'Em", the first single from their debut album, "Treats", as a free download in April 2010. "Treats" was released on May 11, 2010 exclusively through the iTunes Store by Mom + Pop Music. They performed at the Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival in April 2010 and 2011, the Primavera Sound Festival in May 2010, and the Pitchfork Music Festival in July 2010.
2011-2012: "Reign of Terror".
Sleigh Bells began tracking songs for their second studio album in June 2011. Describing the sound of the new album, Krauss said, "It sounds really huge, so there's going to still be tons of volume."
On December 2, 2011, the band's website began to link to a Vimeo video. It served as a teaser trailer for the upcoming album, revealing the title to be "Reign of Terror". There was no release date or any other information attached to the trailer. The trailer features scenes of Krauss sitting at a vanity mirror, grooming herself, interspersed with various backstage and live concert footage, as well as footage depicting the band's touring. During the duration of the video, a riff plays in the background and serves as the only sound. This has not been featured on any songs yet.
On December 7, 2011, the band announced via press release both the date of the album's release and the track listing. The band's publicist said of the upcoming release, "album features songs that are as crushing and authoritative as their title suggests; they're effortlessly robust and heavier than any of the band's previous output ... the sonic equivalent of a beautiful shotgun to the head." The album's promotional single, "Born to Lose", was released on December 15, 2011. In an interview with webzine Coup De Main, Krauss was quoted as saying that "Reign of Terror" is "a much more personal record".
The album was originally set to be released on February 14, 2012, but was pushed back to February 21.
Along with the announcement of the release date and track listing, Sleigh Bells also announced a tour of strictly Floridian venues. This tour preceded the release of the album.
Sleigh Bells were the musical guest on the February 18, 2012 episode of "Saturday Night Live", performing the songs "Comeback Kid" and "End of the Line".
In October 2012 Sleigh Bells kicked off their North American Tour with Araabmuzik at the Capitol Theatre in Port Chester, New York.
2013: "Bitter Rivals".
Only a few months after the release of "Reign of Terror", Sleigh Bells began writing a third studio album for a possible 2013 release. Before the end of 2012, the album was said to feature more writing from Krauss and with a cleaner sound with more emphasis on melody. The new album, titled "Bitter Rivals", was released on October 8, 2013 through Mom + Pop Music. A music video directed by Sleigh Bells for the album's title track, "Bitter Rivals," was released in September 2013. The band will tour North America in October/November 2013 in support of "Bitter Rivals" with Doldrums and Danny Brown as support.
Musical style.
The band's music has been known for its juxtaposition of simple pop hooks with loud, rhythmic noise, electronic beats, harsh guitar riffs and dreamy vocals, which has been described mainly as "noise pop". The band's music also has been described as noise rock, indie rock, dance-punk, synthpunk, digital hardcore, experimental pop, alternative rock, and industrial rock. While their debut album, "Treats", was noted for its punk and heavy metal guitars, glam metal influences and mid-tempo beats from hip hop and electro, their second album, "Reign of Terror", was also described as a mixture of "heavy metal shredding with R&B vocals".
Use in other media.
The track "Comeback Kid" was featured in the sixteenth episode of The Secret Circle. The track "Rill Rill" was featured on the fourth episode of the fourth season of "Gossip Girl", titled "Touch of Eva". The song "Kids" off of the album "Treats" was used in an advert for Koppaberg, a promo for MTV's North American adaption of the British series "Skins" and in the trailer for the 2011 action film "Abduction". Music videos were shot for the songs "Infinity Guitars" and "Rill Rill". "Infinity Guitars" was used in the television shows "Don't Trust the B---- in Apartment 23" and "Girls", as well as in commercials for Windows Phone. The song "Kids" is featured in the preview for the film "Pain & Gain". Their song "Crown on the Ground" was featured in a commercial for Dr Pepper and the trailer for the film "The Bling Ring".
The song "Riot Rhythm" from "Treats" was used in Season 3, Episode 5 of "The Good Wife" ("Marthas and Caitlins", Oct. 23, 2011).
In 2012, Sleigh Bells appeared in the film "Premium Rush", where they performed live the song "Crown on the Ground".
"Treats" song "Crown on the Ground" appeared in the trailer for Sofia Coppola's 2013 crime film "The Bling Ring", as well as being the opening song of the film.
The song "Infinity Guitars" was used in the opening credits for the movie "Bachelorette" with Kirsten Dunst and Lizzy Caplan.
The song "Rill, Rill" was used in the closing credits to the 2012 skate video Pretty Sweet.
In September 2013 the song "Rill, Rill" was used in Apple's iPhone 5C ad.
In 2009 the song "Riot Rhythm" was used in a popular PC game Saints Row: The Third
The Song "Born to Lose" was mentioned in Uncanny X-Force #3
The song "Tell 'Em" was featured in X-games commercial and Saturday Night College Football

</doc>
<doc id="18355219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18355219" title="Arc Productions">
Arc Productions

Arc Productions, formerly known as Starz Animation Toronto, is a Canadian animation and visual effects studio based in Toronto, Ontario. It is majority owned by a Canadian investor group, with former owner Starz Media as a minority stakeholder. The studio is best known for its work on animated feature films "9" and "Gnomeo & Juliet".
History.
In 2004, U.S. animation producer IDT Corp. purchased the studio from the founders of DKP studios. IDT had already acquired in 2003 controlling interest of Film Roman and Anchor Bay Entertainment Group. After the purchase by IDT, the studio moved again to 230 Richmond Street East.
On May 26, 2006, Starz Media's parent company Liberty Media bought IDT Entertainment from IDT, including Anchor Bay Entertainment and Film Roman. Under its new management in 2007, the studio began a "Starz Shortz" program which has produced "Bundle of Joy", "Enter the Sandbox", "Ormie" and "Lovebirds". In 2007, Starz Animation took over animating Shane Acker's feature 9 from Attitude Studio, Luxembourg. In 2010, the studio opened a major VFX wing to create all the effects for the new Starz Channel/Graham King Productions miniseries, "Camelot", Alcon Entertainment's "Dolphin Tale", and producer Avi Arad's family feature, "".
In April 2011, the Starz Animation was sold to a Canadian consortium, and renamed itself to Arc Productions. Under the new owner, the studio plans to do more proprietary production.

</doc>
<doc id="18355231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18355231" title="Bird netting">
Bird netting

Bird netting or anti-bird netting is a form of bird pest control. It is a net used to prevent birds from reaching certain areas.
Usages.
Crop protection.
Bird nets are used to prevent bird damage of vegetable and fruit crops as well as seedlings.
Fish protection.
Bird netting may be used to protect fisheries and fish wildlife reserves from predator birds.
Building protection.
Bird netting is one of the most effective and long lasting ways of bird proofing buildings and other structures against all urban bird species. It provides a discreet and impenetrable barrier that protects premises without harming the birds. Bird netting can be particularly effective for large open areas such as roofs and loading bays. Design considerations include the type and material of the fixings utilised and the bird species requiring exclusion.

</doc>
<doc id="18355240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18355240" title="Honington railway station">
Honington railway station

Honington railway station was a station in the village of Honington, Lincolnshire. It was located on the line from Grantham to Sleaford and Skegness, near the junction with the branch to Lincoln. It was closed for regular services on 10 September 1962 but was used occasionally until 1965. The disused platforms are still in situ. 

</doc>
<doc id="18355241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18355241" title="Brother/Sister (Hymns album)">
Brother/Sister (Hymns album)

Brother/Sister is the debut album by the band Hymns. It was released by Rock Ridge Music on October 10, 2006, and regarded as "infectious" by John Norris of MTV News.
References.
1. Norris, John. "Hymns Deliver Southern-Fried LP." MTV News Blog. January 22, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18355260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18355260" title="Jonathan Horton">
Jonathan Horton

Jonathan Alan Horton (born December 31, 1985 in Houston, Texas to parents Robert and Margo Horton) is an American gymnast. He is the 2008 Olympic silver medalist on high bar, 2010 Worlds all-around bronze medalist and a two-time U.S. National All-Around Champion. He is a 17-time medalist at the U.S. National Championships. He competed for the University of Oklahoma men's gymnastics team.
Jonathan began gymnastics at the age of four in 1990. "I was a wild child", Horton said, "I once climbed a pole in the middle of Target all the way to the ceiling. I used to do back flips on my parents' bed and I rode a garage door to the top when I was 3 years old."
Before 2005.
Jonathan made his debut as a Senior (despite still competing as a Junior) in 2002 competing at the U.S. National Championships in Cleveland, Ohio where he placed first on still rings and vault, placed second in the all-around and the floor exercise, and tied for fifth on the high bar. In 2003 he competed in the Winter Cup challenge, where he qualified to the individual event finals. Later that year he was chosen to compete for US at the Pan American Games in Santo Domingo where the men's team won Bronze and he placed fourth in the All-Around.
He competed in both the U.S. Nationals and the Olympic Team trials in 2004.
He was recruited by Iowa, Michigan, Ohio State, Oklahoma and Penn State and committed to compete for the University of Oklahoma beginning in 2004 for the 2004–05 NCAA season.
2005–08.
From 2005–08 he competed for the Oklahoma Sooners men's gymnastics team alongside his 2010 & 2011 world teammates Chris Brooks and Steven Legendre. During his time competing for Oklahoma he won 6 NCAA titles and 18 All-American honors, breaking the record that had previously been set by Bart Conner. His OU record for titles and honors still stands.
In 2005, he once again competed at the Winter Cup, placing eighth all-around and was selected again for the U.S. National Team.
At the beginning of 2006, during his Second year at OU, he won Silver in the all-around at the Winter Cup. He went on to compete at the American Cup where he finished in first place, winning Gold in the All-Around and on Still Rings. That summer, he competed in the U.S. National Championships where he won Gold on floor, silver in the All-around and Bronze on the Horizontal Bar. His performances led to him being chosen to represent the U.S.A. at the 2006 World Artistic Gymnastics Championships in Aarhus. A very young and inexperienced worlds team, they finished 13th in the qualifying rounds not making the team finals.
In 2007 he competed at the Winter Cup and the American Cup again. He won his second consecutive American Cup All-Around title, the first male gymnast to do so since Blaine Wilson. After competing in the NCAA and U.S. National Championships he was once again chosen for the 2007 World Artistic Gymnastics Championships, where he finished fourth in the all-around and helped the U.S.A. qualify a full men's team to the 2008 Summer Olympics.
In 2008 he competed in Winter Cup, the American Cup as well as competing as a Senior for Oklahoma. That year the Sooners won the NCAA Championships, and Jonathan won another NCAA individual title on the Still Rings. At the U.S. National Championships in Houston, Jonathan won silver in the All-Around, as well as silver on Floor Exercise and Still Rings. This qualified him to the 2008 U.S. Olympic Trials.
2008 Olympic Games.
Horton was named to the U.S. Olympic team following the men's competition at the 2008 Olympic Trials, where he won the All-Around. The team entered the 2008 Beijing Olympics amongst much skepticism as to whether the team could compete against such established teams as the Japanese, Chinese, and German teams. Injuries had forced team leaders Paul Hamm and Morgan Hamm to withdraw from competition, thus causing the American team to bring in alternates Raj Bhavsar and Alexander Artemev. The American men performed better than many had anticipated, with Horton being the team's top performer. The American team ended the competition with the bronze medal after a stressful pommel horse event. In the event finals, Horton placed ninth in the All-Around and added a silver medal in the high bar event.
2009–12.
In 2009, Jonathan became the US National Champion, and went on to compete in the 2009 World Artistic Gymnastics Championships in London where he competed in the All-Around and Horizontal Bar finals.
In 2010, he competed in the American Cup where he placed second in the All-Around. That summer he defended his National All-Around title at the U.S. National Championships in Hartford. He was chosen for the team to compete at the 2010 World Artistic Gymnastics Championships in Rotterdam, where he was able once again to compete alongside his Sooner teammates, Chris Brooks and Steven Legendre. The team placed 4th, and Jonathan won the all-around bronze medal.
In 2011 he won his third American Cup All-Around title, and he was captain of the U.S. team that won the bronze medal at the 2011 World Artistic Gymnastics Championships. Although qualifying 5th All-Around in the Prelimanary competition, he was edged out by his own teammates Danell Leyva and John Orozco who qualified ahead of him (only 2 athletes from each country are allowed to compete in individual event finals in world competitions). Regarding this he said "I didn't make the all-around final because two of my teammates are freakin' awesome at gymnastics – but it doesn't matter, because I'm all about the team". During the team final, he had a bad landing on Vault injuring his left foot, but continued to compete for the rest of the competition. The next day he was unable to walk, but after treatment decided to compete in the Still Rings final which he had never done before at a World Championships . On returning home, it was discovered that the injury was worse than previously thought with a torn ligament and broken 2 bones in his foot which would require surgery. Despite this setback in his training, he told media that it could actually make him stronger gymnast because 'would have an opportunity to get really strong on the other four events.'
In 2012 Horton qualified for the men's artistic gymnastic 2012 London Olympic team along with Jacob Dalton. The "New York Times" stated that the team roster is "considered so good that it could be the first United States men's team to win gold since the 1984 Los Angeles Games."
Personal life.
On June 20, 2009, he married Haley DeProspero, a former gymnast for the University of Oklahoma. They have one son, David, together. Jonathan has one sister, Margo Tolbert, who works as a dance instructor.
2008 Tour of Gymnastics Superstars.
Jonathan performed alongside his 2008 Beijing Olympic teammates at The 2008 Tour of Gymnastics Superstars. The tour began on September 7, 2008 and concluded on November 16. The dance sets had a mix of hip hop and contemporary dance with gymnastic elements.

</doc>
<doc id="18355310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18355310" title="Swing Vote (disambiguation)">
Swing Vote (disambiguation)

Swing Vote may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18355331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18355331" title="Sibsey railway station">
Sibsey railway station

Sibsey was a railway station on the East Lincolnshire Railway which served the village of Sibsey in Lincolnshire between 1848 and 1964. Withdrawal of passenger services took place in 1961, followed by goods facilities in 1964. The line through the station remains in use as part of the Poacher Line between Boston and Skegness. 
History.
The station was opened on 2 October 1848. It was constructed by Peto and Betts civil engineering contractors who, in January 1848, had taken over the contract to construct the section of the East Lincolnshire Railway between and from John Waring and Sons. This section was the last to be completed in September 1848 at an agreed cost of £123,000 (£ as of ). The village of Sibsey lay to the north-west of the line; at the time, it was a small settlement on the Horncastle Road. A four-road goods yard facing Boston was provided and this was extended by the mid-1920s to seven roads, later eight. The Great Northern Railway acquired extra land around the station to facilitate the expansion, which was necessary to cope with the increasing potato and sugar beet traffic. 
During the interwar period, Sibsey dealt with up to 80 wagons of potatoes or beet a day. A goods service drawn by a Class K2 or J6 departed at 3.30pm and collected potato and beet wagons from , and . They were brought to Sibsey to be marshalled with existing wagons before being despatched to Boston at 4.45pm. During the 1920s, two potato trains ran at night from Sibsey: one to Bradford and the other to . At the time, five up and down passenger services, and one Sunday service each way, called at Sibsey. The station was closed to passengers on 11 September 1961 and to goods traffic on 15 June 1964.
Present day.
The line through the station continues to be used by services on the Poacher Line between and . As at 2013 the station building has been converted to a private house but the platforms have long since removed.

</doc>
<doc id="18355350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18355350" title="Old Leake railway station">
Old Leake railway station

Old Leake was a railway station on the East Lincolnshire Railway which served the village of Old Leake in Lincolnshire between 1848 and 1964. It originally opened as "Hob Hole" and was renamed three times within the first five years of opening. Withdrawal of passenger services took place in 1956, followed by goods facilities in 1964. The line through the station remains in use as the Poacher Line.
History.
The station was opened on 2 October 1848 as "Hob Hole", but was renamed one month later as "Leake and Wrangle". The name changed again less than one year later in October 1849 to "Old Leake and Wrangle", before becoming simply "Old Leake" in October 1852. The village of Old Leake lay to the east of the line, whilst Wrangle is 1½ miles to the north-west. The station was constructed by Peto and Betts civil engineering contractors who, in January 1848, had taken over the contract to construct the section of the East Lincolnshire Railway between and from John Waring and Sons. This section was the last to be completed in September 1848 at an agreed cost of £123,000 (£ as of ). At the time, Old Leake village consisted of little more than an inn and the station itself. The July 1922 timetable saw five up and four down services, and one Sunday service each way, call at Old Leake. The station was closed to passengers on 17 September 1956 and to goods traffic on 15 June 1964.
Present day.
The line through the station continues to be used by services on the Poacher Line between and .

</doc>
<doc id="18355371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18355371" title="East Ville railway station">
East Ville railway station

East Ville was a railway station on the East Lincolnshire Railway which served the village of Eastville in Lincolnshire between 1848 and 1964. It originally opened as "East Ville and New Leake", but was renamed in 1850. Withdrawal of passenger services took place in 1961, followed by goods facilities in 1964. The line through the station remains in use as the Poacher Line
History.
The station was opened on 2 October 1848 as "East Ville and New Leake" after the nearby settlements of Eastville and Leake, and later renamed in 1852 to simply "East Ville". It was constructed by Peto and Betts civil engineering contractors who, in January 1848, had taken over the contract to construct the section of the East Lincolnshire Railway between and from John Waring and Sons. This section was the last to be completed in September 1848 at an agreed cost of £123,000 (£ as of ). The station was situated in the middle of Eastville and was provided with two long sidings on the up side and a small goods yard, warehouse and long headshunt on the down side. To the north of parallel platforms was a signal box and level crossing, with the main station building located on the down platform. Goods traffic was always more important than passenger receipts and the goods yard handled large amounts of sugar beet in block loads, which were manually transferred to waiting wagons. The 1922 timetable saw five up and four down services, and one Sunday service each way. The station was closed to passengers on 11 September 1961 and to goods traffic on 15 June 1964.
Present day.
The line through the station continues to be used by services on the Poacher Line between and .

</doc>
<doc id="18355375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18355375" title="Liseberg railway station">
Liseberg railway station

The Liseberg station is an underground railway station in Gothenburg, Sweden. It is named after the amusement park Liseberg which is located nearby. The station was completed in 1993. Local trains to and from Kungsbacka and Borås stop at the station.
The nearest stops for local traffic are the tram stop Liseberg west, and the major intersection Korsvägen, west.

</doc>
<doc id="18355384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18355384" title="Patricia Seed">
Patricia Seed

Patricia Seed is an American historian, and author of the books "To Love, Honor, and Obey in Colonial Mexico", "Ceremonies of Possession in the New World", and "American Pentimento". She specializes in the history of cartography and navigation, and is a foremost authority on the topic of latitude as it relates to the historical use of maps in maritime exploration. Her specialities include history of the early modern and colonial European eras, especially in relation to Spanish and Portuguese-speaking cultures. She won the American Historical Association's James A. Rawley Prize in 2002.
Prof. Seed received her Ph.D. from the University of Wisconsin-Madison. After spending two decades as a professor at Rice University, she moved to the faculty of the University of California, Irvine in 2005. She lives with her husband, the anthropologist George Marcus, with whom she has two children, Rachel and Avery.

</doc>
<doc id="18355402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18355402" title="Langrick railway station">
Langrick railway station

Langrick railway station was a station in Langrick, Lincolnshire, England, on the line between Boston and Lincoln. 
The site of the old station house is now occupied by Langrick Station Cafe. The possibility that the building now standing is a much-converted original station house has been disputed. The building does however stand on the same axis as the original, on Ferry Lane, in Langrick.
The station had two brick platforms immediately east of the level crossing on Ferry Road. The main building stood at right angles to the platform, with the booking office behind the station masters house which led to a waiting room facing onto the "up" platform. The signal box was sited at the east end of the station.
The Water Rail Way is a Sustrans cycle route (number one) which follows the line of the former Lincoln to Boston railway line, including Langrick. 
Former Services

</doc>
<doc id="18355434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18355434" title="Meistriliiga (disambiguation)">
Meistriliiga (disambiguation)

Meistriliiga may refer to the following sports leagues:

</doc>
<doc id="18355443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18355443" title="Said Akl">
Said Akl

Said Akl (, also transliterated Saïd Akl, Said Aql and Saeed Akl (born July 4, 1911) is a Lebanese poet, writer, playwright and language reformer. He is considered one of the most important modern Lebanese poets. He is also a staunch advocate of Lebanese identity and nationalism and the Lebanese language, designing a Latin-based "Lebanese alphabet" made up of 37 letters. His writings include poetry and prose both in Lebanese dialect and in classical Arabic language. He has also written theatre pieces and authored many popular songs and pan-Arab anthems. 
Early life.
Akl was born to a Maronite Catholic family in the city of Zahlé, Lebanon. After losing his father at the age of 15, he had to drop out of school and later worked as a teacher and then as a journalist. He then studied theology, literature and Islamic history, becoming a university instructor and subsequently lecturing in a number of Lebanese universities, educational and policy institutes.
Ideology.
During his early years, Akl was an adherent of the Syrian Social Nationalist Party (in Arabic الحزب السوري القومي الإجتماعي) led by Antun Saadeh, eventually being expelled by Saadeh due to irreconcilable ideological disputes.
Akl adopted a powerful doctrine of the authentic millennial character of Lebanon resonating with an exalted sense of Lebanese dignity. His admiration to the Lebanese history and culture was marked by strong enmity towards the Arab language and culture. This view is crystallized by Akl once stating “I would cut off my right hand just not to be an Arab”. In 1968 he stated that literary Arabic would vanish from Lebanon.
For Akl Lebanon was the cradle of culture and the inheritor of the Oriental civilization, well before the arrival of the Arabs on the historical stage. He emphasized the Phoenician legacy of the Lebanese people. 
He is known for his radical Lebanese nationalistic sentiments; in 1972, he helped found the Lebanese Renewal Party (in Arabic حزب التجدّد اللبناني transliterated as Hizb al Tajaddod al Lubnaani) which was proposed by May Murr, a well known writer and researcher of ancient Lebanese history and a staunch supporter of Akl. This party was a non-sectarian party that adhered to Lebanese Nationalism. During the Lebanese Civil War, Akl served as the spiritual leader of the radical Lebanese Nationalist movement Guardians of the Cedars (in Arabic حرّاس الأرز), which was led by Étienne Saqr.
Lebanese language and alphabet.
Akl is an ideologue for promotion of the Lebanese language as independent of Arabic language. Although acknowledging the influence of Arabic, he argued that Lebanese language was equally if not more influenced by Phoenician languages as well as Aramaic language and Syriac languages and promoted the use of the Lebanese dialect written in a modified Latin alphabet, rather than the Arabic one.
His designed alphabet for the Lebanese language used the Latin alphabet in addition to a few newly designed letters and some accented Latin letters to suit the Lebanese phonology. The proposed Lebanese alphabet designed by Akl contained 36 letters.
"Yara" and "Khumasiyyat".
He published his poetry book "Yara" completely using his proposed Lebanese alphabet, thus becoming the first book ever to be published in this form. In later years, he also published his poetry book "Khumasiyyat" in the same alphabet.
"Lebnaan" newspaper.
He published the tabloid newspaper "Lebnaan" using the Lebanese dialect. It was published in two versions, لبنان (transliteration and pronunciation "Lubnan" which means Lebanon in Arabic language) using Lebanese dialect written in traditional Arabic alphabet, the other "Lebnaan" (Lebanese Arabic for Lebanon) in his proposed Lebanese Latin-based alphabet.
Said Akl Awards.
Starting in the 1970s Akl offered a prize to whoever authored the best essay in Lebanese Arabic. Since then the Said Akl awards have been granted to many Lebanese intellectuals and artists.
Works.
Akl has numerous writings ranging from theatrical plays, epics, poetry and song lyrics. His first published work was released in 1935, a theatrical play written in Arabic. His works are written in either Lebanese Arabic, literary Arabic, or French. He is also known for writing lyrics of many well-known songs, including "Zahrat al Madaen" (in Arabic زهرة المدائن) sung by Fairuz.
In 1981 he also published poems in French
In popular culture.
Akl has also written poems that were turned into pan-Arab anthem songs with music from the Rahbani Brothers and sung by the Lebanese diva Feyrouz. These include "Zahrat al Madaen" (in Arabic زهرة المدائن) about Palestine, "Ghannaytou Makkah" (in Arabic غنّيتُ مكة ) about Islam and "Saailiini ya Sham" (in Arabic سائليني يا شام ) about Syria.
In the 1990s Akl wrote a front-page personal column in the Lebanese "As-Safir" newspaper

</doc>
<doc id="18355455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18355455" title="Tattershall railway station">
Tattershall railway station

Tattershall railway station was a station in Tattershall, Lincolnshire. It was closed in 1963. It is now an art gallery.
Former Services

</doc>
<doc id="18355466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18355466" title="Woodhall Junction railway station">
Woodhall Junction railway station

Woodhall Junction railway station (previously called Kirkstead Station) is a former station in Woodhall, Lincolnshire. It served as a junction where several different lines met, none of which are still open.
The station opened in 1848 as part of the "Lincolnshire Loop Line" between Lincoln and Boston which largely followed the course of the River Witham. A branch line via Woodhall Spa to Horncastle opened in 1855, and the "New Line" which opened in 1913, left the Loop Line just south of Woodhall Junction and cut across the fens to Midville allowing faster journey times to Skegness.
The renaming of the station from Kirkstead to Woodhall Junction in 1922 was an attempt to increase the profile of Woodhall Spa as a holiday destination.
The station closed to passengers in 1970 when the Lincolnshire Loop Line via Midville was closed (the route via Tattershall to Boston had closed in 1963) and finally closed in 1971 when the Goods Service between Lincoln - Bardney - Woodhall Junction and Horncastle was withdrawn - the last line to stay open through the station.
It is now a private residence, but the platforms and former goods yard are clearly still visible.
Former Services

</doc>
<doc id="18355502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18355502" title="Marc Ratner">
Marc Ratner

Marc Ratner is the current Vice President of Regulatory Affairs with the Ultimate Fighting Championship. Formerly, he was the Executive Director of the Nevada State Athletic Commission.
Ratner joined the Nevada Athletic Commission in 1985, He became the Chief Inspector of the Nevada athletic commission in 1987 and Executive Director in 1992. Ratner left the Nevada Athletic Commission and joined the UFC as its vice president for regulatory affairs on May 15, 2006. 
He is a member of the World Boxing Hall of Fame, and was inducted into the Nevada Boxing Hall of Fame in 2012 as part of the organization's inaugural class of inductees.

</doc>
<doc id="18355520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18355520" title="Ariel">
Ariel

Ariel may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18355525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18355525" title="Mariee Sioux">
Mariee Sioux

Mariee Sioux (born February 4, 1985) is an American folk singer-songwriter. Her father Gary Sobonya is a mandolin player of Polish and Hungarian descent, and her mother Felicia is of Spanish, Paiute, and Indigenous Mexican descent.
Biography.
She grew up in Nevada City, California, where she wrote verses since she was a young child. At 17 she traveled to Patagonia to volunteer at a school for indigenous children where she taught herself to play the guitar, and in 2006 she debuted her first self-released album "A Bundled Bundle of Bundles". A year later in 2007 she released her first studio album "Faces in the Rocks" which featured her delicate acoustic guitar music alongside the Native American flute by Gentle Thunder, and mandolin played by her father Gary Sobonya. The album had a Native American theme to it, filled with references to nature and the Native American people. Since the debut of her first album, she has drawn comparisons from Joanna Newsom to Joni Mitchell, and she has toured through North America and Europe.
She released a cover version of The Cure's "Lovesong", on the Manimal Vinyl tribute record to The Cure, entitled "Perfect As Cats".
"Gift for the End".
"Gift for the End", Mariee Sioux’s second album, was recorded between April 2010 and August 2011 in Placerville’s Moonsoon Studios and in the Nevada City’s Sun Dial studios. Guest musicians were mostly friends and family members, and it was produced and arranged by Mariee's partner Sean Kae.
A review on allmusic.com commented positively on influences from Joanna Newsom, Bert Jansch, and Nick Drake.
"Gift for the End was r"eleased in Europe on March 5, 2012 on the Almost Musique label, and in the USA in April 2012 on Whale Watch Records.

</doc>
<doc id="18355553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18355553" title="Fred Longden">
Fred Longden

Fred Longden (1889 - 5 October 1952) was a British Labour Co-operative politician.
Brought up in Ashton-under-Lyne, Lancashire, he joined the Independent Labour Party and was elected to its National Council. In the First World War he became active in the Union of Democratic Control, and was arrested for making a speech appealing for immediate peace negotiations. In 1916 he was offered the chance of exemption from military service on trade and health grounds, but preferred to take his stand as a conscientious objector. Refused exemption in that category, he was forcibly enlisted, and sentenced to two years imprisonment; he then accepted the Home Office Scheme, and was transferred to Princetown Work Centre in the erstwhile Dartmoor Prison.
Fred Longden was elected Member of Parliament for Birmingham Deritend, 1929-1931 and 1945-1950, and then in 1950 for Birmingham Small Heath, which he retained until his death in 1952.

</doc>
<doc id="18355561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18355561" title="Electrohydraulic forming">
Electrohydraulic forming

Electrohydraulic forming is a type of metal forming in which an electric arc discharge in liquid (Yutkin effect) is used to convert electrical energy to mechanical energy and change the shape of the workpiece. A capacitor bank delivers a pulse of high current across two electrodes, which are positioned a short distance apart while submerged in a fluid (water or oil). The electric arc discharge rapidly vaporizes the surrounding fluid creating a shock wave. The workpiece, which is kept in contact with the fluid, is deformed into an evacuated die.
The potential forming capabilities of submerged arc discharge processes were recognized as early as the mid-1940s (Yutkin L.A.). During the 1950s and early 1960s, the basic process was developed into production systems. This work principally was by and for the aerospace industries. By 1970, forming machines based on submerged arc discharge, were available from machine tool builders. A few of the larger aerospace fabricators built machines of their own design to meet specific part fabrication requirements.
Electrohydraulic forming is a variation of the older, more general, explosive forming method. The only fundamental difference between these two techniques is the energy source, and subsequently, the practical size of the forming event.
Very large capacitor banks are needed to produce the same amount of energy as a modest mass of high explosives - which is expensive for large parts. On the other hand, the electrohydraulic method was seen as better suited to automation because of the fine control of multiple, sequential energy discharges and the relative compactness of the electrode-media containment system.

</doc>
<doc id="18355562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18355562" title="Corpus Christi Catholic Secondary School">
Corpus Christi Catholic Secondary School

Corpus Christi Catholic Secondary School (also called "Corpus Christi" or simply "CC") is an educational Catholic high school in Burlington, Ontario, Canada. It is the third most expensive high school built in Canadian history, following Sir Thomas of Alton in Rendour, Saskatchewan and Georgetown Secondary in Georgetown, Ontario.
The school name, in Latin, Corpus Christi, celebrates the Feast of the Body of Christ or the Eucharist. It remembers and honors the institution of Sacrament of Holy Communion at the Last Supper, and is celebrated on the Sunday following Trinity Sunday.

</doc>
<doc id="18355604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18355604" title="New Opera House (Charles Town, West Virginia)">
New Opera House (Charles Town, West Virginia)

The New Opera House in Charles Town, West Virginia, confusingly also known as the Old Opera House or simply The Opera House, is a restored theater, designed by T.A. Mullett of Washington, D.C., son of architect Alfred B. Mullett. The theater opened in 1911, bringing minstrel shows, vaudeville, touring theater groups, circuses and wild west shows to Charles Town. By the 1930s a projection machine was installed, but the theater closed in 1948. It has since re-opened as a community-supported performance space.
The building consists of a two-story street front with offices below and an apartment above, pre-dating the theater portion by about twenty years. The house and stage occupy the interior of the lot. 

</doc>
<doc id="18355613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18355613" title="Facussé">
Facussé

Facussé (or "Facusse") may refer to 

</doc>
<doc id="18355636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18355636" title="Marmon Group">
Marmon Group

Marmon Group is a United States holding company headquartered in Chicago, Illinois.
Marmon Group owns companies that produce electrical components, industrial components and transportation equipment, and provide services including construction and retail solutions. Tank cars are a significant part of its business, sold through its subsidiaries Union Tank Car Company in the United States and Procor in Canada. Berkshire Hathaway which acquired controlling interest in Marmon in 2007, owns the 2nd largest freight railroad carrier, BNSF Railway, in North America.
History.
In 1953 Jay Pritzker and Robert Pritzker acquired Colson Corporation. The name of the company was changed to Marmon Group in 1964 after the acquisition of Marmon-Herrington. Major acquisitions by Marmon Group included Cerro Corporation in 1976 and TransUnion in 1981. In 2007 the Pritzker family sold a 60 percent interest in Marmon Group to Berkshire Hathaway with plans by Warren Buffet's Berkshire to acquire the remaining 40% over the course of the next 5 or 6 years.

</doc>
<doc id="18355638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18355638" title="Woodhall, Lincolnshire">
Woodhall, Lincolnshire

Woodhall or Old Woodhall, is a small village located about south west of Horncastle, Lincolnshire, England. 
Woodhall, along with Woodhall Spa, was created a civil parish in 1889 comprising portions of Langton, Woodhall, Thimbleby, and Thornton. In 1894 Woodhall and Woodhall Spa were separated, forming two civil parishes, the boundary between them being the Reeds Beck Road. Woodhall is now part of the civil parish of Stixwould and Woodhall.
The church of Saint Margaret was built in the 14th century and may have once been part of the moated manorial complex of Woodhall Hall. The church declared redundant by the Diocese of Lincoln in 1971, and was demolished in 1972. 
There is a medieval moated site which represents the site of Woodhall Hall, which is an ancient scheduled monument. 
Darwood House is a grade II listed farmhouse dating from the 15th century with 17th and 19th century alterations. 
It was once home to Woodhall Junction railway station where several rail lines converged. 

</doc>
<doc id="18355667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18355667" title="Olga (film)">
Olga (film)

Olga is a 2004 Brazilian film directed by Jayme Monjardim. It was Brazil's submission to the 77th Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film, but was not accepted as a nominee.
The film was a produced by Nexus Cinema in conjunction with Globo Filmes and Lumiere. "Olga" was seen by over three million viewers and won more than 20 awards in Brazil and internationally.
Sinopsys.
Olga is the compelling feature-film chronicle of the German Jew Olga Benario Prestes’ (1908-1942) life and times. A communist activist since her youth, Olga is persecuted by the Police and flees to Moscow, where she undergoes military training. She is put in charge of escorting Luis Carlos Prestes to Brazil to lead the Communist Revolution of 1935, falling in love with him long the way.
With the failure of the Revolution, Olga is arrested alongside Prestes. Seven-month pregnant Olga is deported by President Vargas’ Government to Nazi Germany, where she gives birth to her daughter Anita Leocádia while incarcerated. Separated from her daughter, Olga is sent away to the Ravensbrück concentration camp, where she is executed in the gas chamber.

</doc>
<doc id="18355678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18355678" title="Trachycarpus latisectus">
Trachycarpus latisectus

Trachycarpus latisectus (formerly "Trachycarpus sikkimensis") is an attractive palm tree with large leathery leaves with exceptionally wide segments and a thick, bare and ringed trunk. Its fan-shaped leaves resemble those of "Livistona". It has a bare trunk and its seeds resemble those of "T. martianus".
It is commonly known as Windamere palm, for the locality where its first botanical description was made, the garden of the famous Windamere Hotel in Darjeeling, India. It was formally photographed and collected for the first time only in 1992 during the Royal Botanic Garden Edinburgh Sikkim Expedition. It is considered a temperate palm, and has been reported to withstand a wide range of climates, from tropical, subtropical to cold and wet conditions. It is native to Sikkim in the Himalayas, where it has been reported from a range of elevation between 3500 to 7000 feet. It remains in the wild in just one tiny, heavily altered location which is immediately threatened by deforestation.
Seeds are considered very easy to germinate. They should be soaked for at least 12 hours, then placed in a mixture of moist peat with perlite or vermiculite within a plastic bag, and keep at 18 - 28°C. Viable seeds will sprout in a time frame between two to ten months, depending of several factors. The tree grows quickly and easily. "T. latisectus" requires a rich and loamy but well-drained soil. Young plants are best grown under some shade. As it does not have an invasive root system, it also grows well in containers. (Luis M. Chong L.)

</doc>
<doc id="18355682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18355682" title="Woodhall Spa railway station">
Woodhall Spa railway station

Woodhall Spa railway station was a station in Woodhall Spa, Lincolnshire on a small branch line running north from Woodhall Junction to Horncastle. Both the station and the line are now closed.
In 1846 the Great Northern rail company purchased the land to build a rail link from Peterborough to Lincoln via Spalding and Boston with the Boston to Lincoln section being built along the banks of the River Witham. Works commenced in 1847 and the line opened on 17 October 1848. The Kirkstead Station, later to be renamed the Woodhall Junction, was one of seven between Lincoln and Boston. To the north were Stixwould, Southrey and Bardney and to the south were Tattershall, Dogdyke and Langrick.
Horncastle branch.
In 1853 three local businessmen negotiated with the G.N.R. with a view to open a branch of the line, the Horncastle Branch, from the Woodhall Junction to Horncastle. They formed the Horncastle and Kirkstead Junction Railway Company, and the line was opened on 11 August 1855 and transported the gentry into the heart of Woodhall where they could easily get to the hotels and public attractions. The line also provided a better means of transport for goods being transported to and from Horncastle than the River Bain.
Closure.
The line closed for passengers on 12 September 1954 but freight traffic continued along the line until 6 April 1971 and demolition came soon after.
After the track was removed the land was sold off to various land owners, mostly local farmers, but some has been used to recently create a paved walk and cycle path, called The Water Rail Way, from Kirkstead to Lincoln. As of summer 2009 the path is complete and open for public use. 
The course of the Horncastle Branch to Horncastle has also been turned into a bridleway, The Spa Trail, allowing for a safe journey to Horncastle that is used by 15,000 people a year.

</doc>
<doc id="18355706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18355706" title="Cardiff Redhawks">
Cardiff Redhawks

The Cardiff Redhawks are a British ice hockey team that play in the First and Third Divisions of the British Universities Ice Hockey Association, formed in 2004. They play their home games at the Cardiff Bay Arena, Cardiff, Wales.
Introduction.
The Cardiff Redhawks were formed in 2004 by a handful of students from Cardiff University, many of whom had never played before. Their first game was against a local team, the Cardiff Titans, on the 7th of May 2005 following an NHL exhibition game. The squad began to grow by bringing in players from neighbouring universities such as UWIC, Glamorgan, Swansea and Newport.
Uniform.
The Redhawks have used 3 different jerseys in their time in the BUIHA. The first incarnation was a simple black jersey with red stripes on the sleeves and the original team logo.
Since then a dark red strip has replaced it as the clubs main jersey. The introduction of this jersey also saw the first use of the current hawks head logo. Due to BUIHA regulations the team also added a white version of the jersey in 2008.
A third jersey has since been designed, which will hopefully be used in a Alumni match in the near future.
BUIHA Record.
2005 - 2006.
In September 2005 the Redhawks joined the BUIHA, entering teams in the Second (Southern) and Third Divisions. The year proved to be very successful; with the A Team securing second place in their division as well as the Second Tier National Tournament title, and the B Team were runners up in the Third Tier Nationals.
2006 - 2007.
The following year began with the closure of the Wales National Ice Rink and the construction of the Cardiff Bay Ice Rink. Delays in construction left the Redhawks without a home for much of the 06-07 season, forcing the A Team to withdraw from the league.
The A Team represented themselves in Tier One of the 2007 BUIHA Nationals, but fared poorly, losing all their matches and placing bottom. The Redhawks found solace in the success of the B Team who managed to improve on their previous season, winning the Third Tier Nationals.
2007 - 2008.
The 2007-08 season saw the Redhawks regain their stability; the A Team returned to Tier Two South, with the B Team entering their third season in Tier Three. The Redhawks also gained membership to the Cardiff University Athletic Union.
Once again the A Team clinched second place with a post Christmas undefeated streak. They fell short though in the Nationals, managing only 5th place. The B Team overachieved once again, settling for 3rd place in a much more competitive Tier Three tournament.
2008 - 2009.
The 2008-09 season saw the A team win Tier Two 2 South, before losing in the Tier Two Playoffs. The B team competed a clean sweep of trophies, winning Tier Three South, the Tier Three Playoffs and the Celtic Plate. They went on to win the Tier Three Nationals, dramatically winning both their semi-final and final on penalty shots, with netminder Tom Martin stopping 6 out of 6 shots, the game-winning goal in the final came courtesy of Jon Griffiths.
2009 - 2010.
The A team made the jump to Tier 1 South and despite getting off to a good start by beating Warwick at home 5-3 the Redhawks soon found themselves struggling with a short bench and they were on the receiving end of some heavy defeats all season long and they finished in last place.
The B team having lost a lot of last years team including their top 4 points scorers (Matt Wood, Jiri Podval, Jim "Frodo" Towers and Jon Griffiths) struggled to find the form from last season finishing second in Tier 3 South and being knocked out in the group stages of Nationals.
2010 - 2011.
Despite the heavy losses the previous season the A-Team remained in Tier 1 South where they looked to improve their record. Before the season had started the team lost some key names in Adam Landriault, Brian Winstanley, Jon Griifiths and Matt Wood. Things didn't get much better once the season began when the team received a 17-3 kicking away at Oxford (although this was an improvement on the 23-5 loss that took place the year before). The next game saw things go from bad to worse when London Dragons made their visit to the Welsh capital in a game that saw 3 Redhawks ejected in what had been a promising first period where they were trailing by just one goal almost up until the buzzer. The second and third periods saw the flood gates open as player coach Evan Juurakko was also ejected taking Cardiff down to 8 skaters who were helpless to stop the final score reaching 14-0 in the home opener. Despite this Cardiff picked up 4 points on the year and reduced their goals against average by nearly 3 goals a game on last year.
The B team finished as runners up of Tier 3 South for the second year running to the Warwick Panthers in the cup competition having lost both match ups during the season. Looking to improve on last years record at Nationals they went undefeated and capped the tournaments group stage with a superb 1-0 shutout for Dan Jenkins over the Nottingham Mavericks C Team. However this wouldn't be enough as two costly draws with the Manchester Metros and the Sheffield Bears as well as a penalty point would be enough to prevent them advancing to the semi-finals.
2011 - 2012.
The A team enjoyed a successful year having dropped back to Division 2 South in an effort to play more competitive games and develop players capable of playing checking hockey. Winning the Division 2 South title entered them for the Division 2 National play-off.
The B team retained the Celtic Plate on a trip to Kirkcaldy, Scotland with a narrow victory over the Edinburgh Beagles. They finished as runners-up in Division 3 South to a strong Southampton Spitfires B team and met the same opposition in the Division 3 Nationals final.
This season saw the introduction of a third team, a further developmental squad allowing more players to participate in competitive hockey. The C-hawks found their feet at the National Championships holding reigning champions Warwick Panthers B to a draw before winning their final game with a 1-0 victory over Bradford Sabres C. The winning goal (and the first in C-hawks history) was credited to Matt 'Mine's a tight one' Lawson.
The Celtic Cup.
The Redhawks also participate in the Celtic Cup Varsity; an annual one off challenge game against the Edinburgh Eagles who are the only other non-English team in the BUIHA.
The competition has run since 2006, the location alternating between Cardiff Bay and Murrayfield, Edinburgh. The 2009 match was held in Cardiff, on the 14th of March. The game ended as a 4-1 defeat for Cardiff, the closest they've come to the cup yet. 2012 saw the re-emergence of the Celtic Cup with the Edinburgh Eagles running out 11-1 winners.
The Celtic Plate.
2009 also saw the introduction of the Celtic Plate; a secondary competition between the Cardiff and Edinburgh B Teams. This was held on the 15th of March, seeing the Redhawks B win the plate with a 5-3 victory.
The Celtic Plate re-appeared in February 2012 when the Cardiff Redhawks B team beat the Beagles 4-3 in a hard fought contest at Fife Ice Arena, Kirkcaldy, perhaps the longest journey undertaken by a BUIHA team for a domestic fixture.
Current A Team Roster.
"2012-2013"
Current B Team Roster.
"2012-2013"

</doc>
<doc id="18355710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18355710" title="Mila from Mars">
Mila from Mars

Mila from Mars (, Мила от Марс) is a 2004 Bulgarian film directed by Zornitsa Sophia. It was Bulgaria's submission to the 77th Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film, but was not accepted as a nominee.

</doc>
<doc id="18355719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18355719" title="2008 Tunis Open">
2008 Tunis Open

The 2008 Tunis Open was a 2008 ATP Challenger Series tennis tournament. Thomaz Bellucci won the singles tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="18355721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18355721" title="Trachylinae">
Trachylinae

Trachylinae (also Trachylina, Trachylinida, etc.) are a cnidarian subclass of the Hydrozoa. They are placed at order rank in many older classifications, and limited to contain the Narcomedusae and Trachymedusae. But the Actinulidae, then considered an independent order, and probably also the Limnomedusae which were traditionally placed in the paraphyletic "Hydroida", belong to this group too. It is not entirely clear whether the Limnomedusae and the Trachymedusae as conventionally circumscribed are monophyletic
The Freshwater Jelly ("Craspedacusta sowerbyi") is a well-known member of the Limnomedusae and might thus belong here.

</doc>
<doc id="18355723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18355723" title="USS Halcyon (SP-518)">
USS Halcyon (SP-518)

USS "Halcyon" (SP-518) was a motor launch borrowed by the U.S. Navy from the U.S. Bureau of Fisheries during World War I. She was outfitted as a patrol craft and assigned to the 1st Naval District, headquartered at Portsmouth Navy Yard in Kittery, Maine. Post-war she was returned to the Bureau of Fisheries.
Borrowed from Bureau of Fisheries.
The first ship to be so named by the U.S. Navy, "Halcyon" was a 61-foot-long launch built for the Bureau of Fisheries in 1916 by Marine Construction Company, Boothbay Harbor, Maine. She was transferred to the Navy and commissioned 14 May 1917 at Boston, Massachusetts.
World War I service.
Assigned to section patrol in the 1st Naval District, "Halcyon" performed harbor patrol duties until decommissioning 24 June 1919. 
Post-war disposition.
She was subsequently struck from the Navy List 31 July 1919 and returned to the Bureau of Fisheries.
Note.
USS "Surf" (SP-518) was never commissioned. Her hull number ("SP-518") was assigned to "Halcyon".

</doc>
<doc id="18355733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18355733" title="El Rey (film)">
El Rey (film)

El Rey is a 2004 Colombian film directed by Antonio Dorado. It was Colombia's submission to the 77th Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film, but was not accepted as a nominee.

</doc>
<doc id="18355771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18355771" title="Shamalan">
Shamalan

Shamalan can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18355779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18355779" title="Long Dark Night">
Long Dark Night

Long Dark Night () is a 2004 Croatian film directed by Antun Vrdoljak and starring Goran Višnjić. It was Croatia's submission to the 77th Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film, but was not accepted as a nominee.

</doc>
<doc id="18355780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18355780" title="Horncastle railway station">
Horncastle railway station

Horncastle railway station was a station in Horncastle, Lincolnshire, England. It was at the end of a short branch line that ran from Woodhall Junction which opened on 11 August 1855. Like many fairly rural stations it was eventually shut as the rail network was cutback, with passenger trains ceasing on 12 September 1954 and goods and freight terminating on 5 April 1971.
The station building was demolished in the 1980s and the site is now occupied by Bush Tyres and by the Granary Way Housing Estate. One of the warehouses in the goods yard remains.
The track bed to Woodhall Spa survives as a long distance footpath.

</doc>
<doc id="18355804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18355804" title="Pyeongtaek nongak">
Pyeongtaek nongak

Pyeongtaek nongak is a "nongak" or Korean farmer's music which has been performed and handed down in the Pyeongtaek region of Gyeonggi Province. 
There are five types of nongak in Korea: Wootdari (웃다리) nongak of Gyeonggi and Chungcheong, Left Jeolla nongak, Right Jeolla nongak, Southeastern Korea (Yeongnam, 영남) nongak, and Eastern Gangwon-do (Yeongdong, 영동) nongak. Each nongak has its unique representation of Korean culture and has been recognized as an important intangible cultural asset in each region.[http://www.ptnongak.or.kr/] 
It was designated as the eleventh asset of the Important Intangible Cultural Property by the South Korean government on December 1, 1985. Since then, there have been a lot of performances in and out of South Korea. 
Origins.
Pyeongtaek has had open fields called "Sosabeol", 소사벌 and traditionally its people have farmed. This was a crucial background for developing Pyeongtaek nongak. In Gyeonggi and Chungcheong provinces, there were many professional performing groups and Geollippaes (걸립패) which were performing nongak groups (though sometimes monk groups) asking for money and food while entertaining village people. Cheongyongsa Temple near Pyeongtaek was a base for the troupes of strolling player (Namsadang, 남사당패) at the end of Joseon Dynasty.[http://www.ptnongak.or.kr/][http://www.cha.go.kr/korea/heritage/search/Culresult_Db_View.jsp?VdkVgwKey=17,00110200,31&queryText=V_KDCD=17][http://www.ocp.go.kr:9000/n_dasencgi/full.cgi?v_kw_str=&v_db_query=A1%3a17&v_db=1&v_doc_no=00002984&v_dblist=1&v_start_num=11&v_disp_type=2]
Features of Pyeongtaek nongak.
The professional performing groups had a great effect on the Doorepaes (두레패), organizations for doing collaborative agricultural work in villages in Pyeongtaek, Anseong and Hwaseong. As a result, nongak has been developed in these areas. Pyeongtaek nongak was designated as an important intangible cultural asset in 1985 and won recognition as a representative nongak inheriting the authenticity of Wootdari nongak. Although Wootdari nongak doesn't have many cords in diversity, people play variations. Also it has some characteristics in its speedy tones, power, and linking and disconnecting rhythms. Its typical rhythms are Chilchae (칠채) and JJeokJJeoki (쩍쩍이) which is sometimes called jajeunsamchae (잦은 삼채).
Performers wear military uniforms and hats in Joseon Dynasty or in some cases peaked hats worn by Buddhist monks and nuns, along with colorful cloth strips around their body.[http://www.ptnongak.or.kr/][http://blog.naver.com/scgo11?Redirect=Log&logNo=40052129611]
Pangut.
Pangut (판굿) is a kind of Pungmulnori (풍물놀이) which is a Korean folk music tradition that includes drumming, dancing, and singing. It is performed with kkwaenggwari (a small handheld gong, 꽹과리), janggu (hourglass drum, 장구), buk (barrel drum, 북), and jing (gong, 징) and the wind instrument taepyeongso (태평소). According to a prefabricated order, they play the scene of spree and show their talents.
Performers and audience sing and dance together. Wootdari Pangut (웃다리 판굿) usually consists of 30 performers. Followed by the agricultural banners (농기, 農期) which say "Agriculture is the prop of the country" or "Agriculture forms the basis of national existence", taepyeongso (태평소), kkwaenggwari (꽹과리), jing (징), janggu (장구), buk (북), beopgo (법고) which is a big drum that is used in a temple players are the next and at the end there are dancers (무동, 舞童).[http://blog.naver.com/scgo11?Redirect=Log&logNo=40052129611]
Performing formations.
Pyeongtaek nongak has various performing formations. The Dangsanbeolim (당산벌림) are formation and Moodongnori (무동놀이) a dance of boys playing on the top of adult's shoulders. Dunjilsawi (던질사위), Apdwigondoo (앞뒤곤두), Mangyeongchangpadotdaesawi (a sail dance, 만경창파돛대사위), Dongeori (동거리) and Gokmadan (circus troupes, 곡마단) performed by dancers make Pyeongtaek Nongak unique.
People in Pyeongtaek nongak.
Choi Eun-chang was recognized as the most skilled in Pyeongtaek Nongak Binari. Lee Seong-ho was a Binari singer and Janggu player Lee Se-jin who had a perfect voice for singing Binari. As buk players, Kim Yong-rae, Kim Yook-dong and Lee Se-jin are famous.[http://www.ptnongak.or.kr/person/person_03.asp]

</doc>
<doc id="18355807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18355807" title="Court Square Capital Partners">
Court Square Capital Partners

Court Square Capital Partners is a private equity firm focused on leveraged buyout transactions. Court Square was originally a captive private equity firm within Citigroup known as Citigroup Venture Capital Equity Partners. Court Square's investment professionals have invested over $4.5 billion in more than 150 transactions, which have returned $14 billion to date. 
Court Square currently manages approximately $6 billion of investor commitments. The firm focuses on several industry sectors including: business services, health care, industrials, media and publishing, and technology and telecommunications. 
Court Square is headquartered in New York City and was spun out of Citigroup in 2006. The firm is named after the location of Citigroup's offices at One Court Square in Queens, New York. The firm's predecessor Citicorp Venture Capital Equity Partners traces its roots to 1968 with the founding of Citicorp Venture Capital. In the 1980s, CVC Equity Partners began to focus primarily on leveraged buyout transactions. 
The spin out of Court Square came at the same time as the spin outs of private equity groups from other leading investment banks including: JPMorgan Chase (CCMP Capital), Morgan Stanley (Metalmark Capital), Deutsche Bank (MidOcean Partners) and Credit Suisse First Boston (Avista Capital Partners, Diamond Castle Holdings).
In 2008, Citigroup sold off the bulk of its $400 million of interests in legacy Court Square investment funds to secondary investors AlpInvest Partners and Goldman Sachs.

</doc>
<doc id="18355818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18355818" title="Watts Station">
Watts Station

Watts Station is a train station built in 1904 in Watts, Los Angeles, California. It was one of the first buildings in Watts, and for many years, it was a major stop for the Pacific Electric Railway's "Red Car" service between Los Angeles and Long Beach. It was the only structure that remained intact when stores along 103rd Street in Watts were burned in the 1965 Watts Riots. Remaining untouched in the middle of the stretch of street that came to be known as "Charcoal Alley", the station became a symbol of continuity, hope, and renewal for the Watts community. It has since been declared a Historic-Cultural Monument and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Construction and operation as a "Red Car" station.
Watts was built on the old Rancho La Tajuata. In 1902, the family of Charles H. Watts, for whom the community was later named, sought to spur development of the rancho by donating a site to the Pacific Electric Railway. Watts Station was built on the site in 1904, serving for more than 50 years as a major railway depot and stop for the Pacific Electric's "Red Car" service between Los Angeles and Long Beach. The station is a single-story, , wood-frame structure divided into three rooms. It was one of the first buildings erected in Watts and is one of the few remaining from its early years. It also served as a model for later depots built in La Habra, Covina and Glendora.
When the station opened, it drew people to the area, so much so that the community that grew in the area was initially known as "Watts Station." A vintage 1906 photograph of the station from the USC Digital Archives can be viewed here. Another classic image of the station from the collections of the Los Angeles Public Library can be seen here.
The building remained an active depot until passenger rail service was discontinued in 1961.
Colorful and violent history.
From its beginning, Watts Station had a colorful and violent history. Incidents occurring around Watts Station in its early years including the following:
Symbol of hope along "Charcoal Alley".
In August 1965, the Watts Riots resulted in the destruction of buildings up and down 103rd Street—the main commercial thoroughfare in Watts. Watts Station was situated in the center of the one-mile (1.6 km) stretch of 103rd Street between Compton and Wilmington Avenue that came to be known as "Charcoal Alley" due to the widespread destruction. One observer recalled: "Both sides of 103rd Street were ablaze now. The thoroughfare was a sea of flames that emitted heat so unbearable that I believed my skin was being seared off." Another account of the riots along "Charcoal Alley" states: "On the third day of the Watts Riots, 103rd St. was burned to the ground." In the middle of the rubble and widespread destruction along "Charcoal Alley", the "Los Angeles Times" reported that "the train station was the only structure that remained intact when stores along 103rd Street burned during the Watts riots." The survival of the old wood-framed Watts Station, whether an intentional omission or a mere coincidence, resulted in the station becoming "a symbol of continuity, hope and renewal" for the Watts community.
Historic designation and restoration.
Four months after the riots, the station was declared a Historic-Cultural Monument (HCM #36) by the Los Angeles Cultural Heritage Commission. It was also listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974. In the 1980s, after the station had been vacant for many years, the Community Redevelopment Agency spent $700,000 to restore the structure to its original exterior design. The station was re-opened in 1989 as a customer service office for the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power and a small museum of Watts history. Mayor Tom Bradley attended the dedication ceremony and said: "Those days of glory are going to return, and we are going to be at the heart of the action right here at the Watts train station."
In 1990, the Metro Blue Line resumed train service from Los Angeles to Long Beach along the old Pacific Electric right of way. Though the old Watts Station does not serve as a passenger platform or ticket booth for the new Blue Line, the trains do stop at a new "Watts Station", 103rd Street-Kenneth Hahn, on 103rd Street, at a location next to the old Watts Station. Unfortunately, the Blue Line has brought back the fatalities that plagued the Red Cars, with more than 87 motorists and pedestrians having been killed at Blue Line crossings since 1990, making it the deadliest and most accident-prone light rail line in the country.

</doc>
<doc id="18355828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18355828" title="Georgie Abrams">
Georgie Abrams

Georgie Abrams (November 11, 1918 – June 30, 1994) was an American boxer who once fought for the middleweight championship. 
Turning professional in 1937, Abrams won his first 17 fights as a professional. He earned a shot at middleweight champion Tony Zale by defeating such contenders as Billy Soose, Teddy Yarosz, and Lou Brouillard. He met Zale in Madison Square Garden in 1941. Despite knocking Zale down in the first round he lost a fifteen-round decision. He never received another title shot and retired in 1948 after losing bouts to Marcel Cerdan, Sugar Ray Robinson, and Anton Raadik. 
He was posthumously inducted into the World Boxing Hall of Fame in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="18355844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18355844" title="Travel in Herds">
Travel in Herds

Travel in Herds is the second studio album by the band: Hymns. It was released by Blackland Records on March 11, 2008. Since the release of this album, Hymns have been recognized by Spin Magazine as one of the bands to watch out for in 2008. 

</doc>
<doc id="18355849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18355849" title="Media Farm">
Media Farm

Media Farm is a farm complex near Charles Town, West Virginia that dates to 1780, and has remained in the same family ever since. The property was acquired by Charles Yates, an English immigrant, from Thomas Rutherford. In the twentieth century, author Julia McDonald Davis spent her childhood summers at the farm. Her father, who visited the farm frequently, was lawyer, diplomat and presidential candidate John W. Davis. 
The original house was a log structure, with a stone addition added in 1790. The house grew and its present appearance is Gothic Revival. During World War I several small tenant houses were built on the farm to house "farmerettes," who were city women brought from urban areas to assist farmers whose labor force had gone to war. 

</doc>
<doc id="18355860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18355860" title="Coningsby railway station">
Coningsby railway station

Coningsby railway station was a station in Coningsby, Lincolnshire on the line between Lincoln and Firsby.
Former Services

</doc>
<doc id="18355894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18355894" title="Tillman Thomas">
Tillman Thomas

Tillman Joseph Thomas (born June 13, 1945) is a Grenadian politician who was Prime Minister of Grenada from 2008 to 2013. He has been the leader of the National Democratic Congress (NDC) since 2000.
Biography.
Thomas was born in Hermitage, St. Patrick, Grenada. He was among those imprisoned under Prime Minister Maurice Bishop for two years.
Thomas is a graduate of New York’s Fordham University, where he earned a Bachelor’s Degree in Economics, as well as the University of the West Indies, Cave Hill Campus and the Hugh Wooding Law School where he completed a LL.B. and a Certificate of Legal Education respectively. His political career began in 1978, when he became involved in the Human Rights and Legal Aid Programme with the leader of the New Jewel Movement, Maurice Bishop.
In December 1984, Thomas was elected to the House of Representatives from St. Patrick East constituency, and from 1984 to 1990, he was a Junior Minister in the Ministry of Legal Affairs. In 1987 he was a founding member of the NDC, and from 1987 to 1990 he was the party's Assistant General Secretary. Thomas was defeated in St. Patrick East in the 1990 election, but he was nevertheless appointed as a Junior Minister in the Ministry of Labour. Subsequently he was appointed as Minister in the Ministries of Works and Tourism.
Following the NDC's defeat in the 1999 general election, in which it failed to win any seats, Thomas was elected as party leader in October 2000. He won a House of Representatives seat in the November 2003 general election, along with six other members of his party; the NDC fell one seat short of a majority in the 15-seat House of Representatives, however, and the governing New National Party (NNP) won another term. Thomas became Leader of the Opposition in early December 2003.
After spending 13 years in opposition, the NDC won the general election held on July 8, 2008, taking 11 out of 15 seats and defeating the NNP. Thomas himself was elected from St. Patrick East constituency. On July 9, Thomas was sworn in as Prime Minister at the Grenada Trade Centre in Grand Anse, St. George's by Governor-General Daniel Williams. Speaking on this occasion, he promised "openness and transparency" of government as well as " practice of the politics of inclusion".
Thomas's cabinet, composed of 17 members, was sworn in at the National Stadium on July 13, 2008. In addition to being Prime Minister, Thomas took the portfolios of Foreign Affairs, Legal Affairs, National Security, Information, and Public Administration. Two members of non-governmental organizations who were not affiliated with the NDC were included in the cabinet: Franka Bernadine as Minister of Education and Human Resources, and Jimmy Bristol as Attorney-General.
After nearly five years in power, the NDC suffered a crushing defeat in the February 2013 general election, losing all of its seats, including the seat held by Thomas. The opposition NNP won all 15 seats and Keith Mitchell returned to office as Prime Minister. In the wake of the defeat, Thomas said in an interview that he was willing to stand aside as party leader: "Once somebody comes forward, I am prepared to let that person take over the responsibility of leadership of the party".

</doc>
<doc id="18355895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18355895" title="Davenport–Schmidt theorem">
Davenport–Schmidt theorem

In mathematics, specifically the area of Diophantine approximation, the Davenport–Schmidt theorem tells us how well a certain kind of real number can be approximated by another kind. Specifically it tells us that we can get a good approximation to irrational numbers that are not quadratic by using either quadratic irrationals or simply rational numbers. It is named after Harold Davenport and Wolfgang M. Schmidt.
Statement.
Given a number α which is either rational or a quadratic irrational, we can find unique integers "x", "y", and "z" such that "x", "y", and "z" are not all zero, the first non-zero one among them is positive, they are relatively prime, and we have
If α is a quadratic irrational we can take "x", "y", and "z" to be the coefficients of its minimal polynomial. If α is rational we will have "x" = 0. With these integers uniquely determined for each such α we can define the "height" of α to be
The theorem then says that for any real number ξ which is neither rational nor a quadratic irrational, we can find infinitely many real numbers α which "are" rational or quadratic irrationals and which satisfy
where
Here we can take "C"0 to be any real number satisfying "C"0 > 160/9.
While the theorem is related to Roth's theorem, its real use lies in the fact that it is effective, in the sense that the constant "C" can be worked out for any given ξ.

</doc>
<doc id="18355898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18355898" title="East Campus Neighborhood">
East Campus Neighborhood

East Campus is a neighborhood of Columbia, Missouri directly east of the University of Missouri and downtown Columbia. The area contains historic residential property as well many Greek student organizations houses. The district contains parts of Stephens College, the Boone Hospital Center's campus and the historic Lee Street Deli. 
A historic district of much of the neighborhood was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996 as East Campus Neighborhood Historic District.

</doc>
<doc id="18355901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18355901" title="Patrice Désilets">
Patrice Désilets

Patrice Désilets is a French Canadian game designer best known for his work as creative director on Ubisoft's 2007 action-adventure video game, "Assassin's Creed", and its 2009 sequel, "Assassin's Creed II".
Biography.
Born in 1974 at Saint-Jean-sur-Richelieu, Quebec, Patrice Désilets is the son of Jacques Désilets, mathematician and director of CEGEP, and Luce de Bellefeuille, Director General of the Secretariat for International Adoption. In 1996, Désilets earned his bachelor's degree in film studies and literature at University of Montreal, to which time prior, he was enrolled at the Collège Édouard-Montpetit. Coming from a background in film, he has used his creative vision to shape games in which he has taken a creative lead including 2007's "Assassin's Creed" and its 2009 sequel "Assassin's Creed II". Désilets other credits include ', ', ' and '.
Departure from Ubisoft.
Désilets left Ubisoft in June 2010, which was confirmed by the company on June 13, 2010. The publisher explained to Game Informer that Désilets' role as creative lead on "Assassin's Creed: Brotherhood" was "essentially done," and that he's no longer involved with the completion of the game.
Patrice Désilets would officially return to the games industry in the summer of 2011, joining THQ in their newly developed Montreal based studio. In January 2013, THQ Montreal was sold off to Ubisoft in an auction, Patrice was working at Ubisoft for his new project, describing it himself as a project where he put his 15 years of experience in videogames, amsterdam:1666 
On May 07, 2013, Désilets again left Ubisoft. When asked why, Désilets replied, "Contrary to any statements made earlier today, this morning I was terminated by Ubisoft. I was notified of this termination in person, handed a termination notice and was unceremoniously escorted out of the building by two guards without being able to say goodbye to my team or collect my personal belongings. This was not my decision. Ubisoft's actions are baseless and without merit. I intend to fight Ubisoft vigorously for my rights, for my team and for my game."

</doc>
<doc id="18355905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18355905" title="Serer">
Serer

Serer may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18355910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18355910" title="Oxford School of Drama">
Oxford School of Drama

The Oxford School of Drama is a prestigious drama school in the United Kingdom, the only professional drama school in Oxfordshire. It is based at Wootton, ten miles north of Oxford
The School has three-year diploma courses, a one-year course leading to a certificate, and also teaches six-month foundation courses in Acting and Musical Theatre; all are validated by Trinity College, London.
The School is governed by a board of trustees, which includes Roger Ainsworth, Michael Codron and Thelma Holt.

</doc>
<doc id="18355935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18355935" title="Southland Conference Baseball Tournament">
Southland Conference Baseball Tournament

The Southland Conference Baseball Tournament is the conference championship tournament in baseball for the Southland Conference. The winner of the tournament receives the conference's automatic bid to the NCAA Division I Baseball Tournament.
Tournament.
The Southland Conference Baseball Tournament is an eight team double-elimination tournament held annually at various location in the Southland Conference region. The eight teams with the best conference record at the end of the regular season earn berths in the tournament. The winner receives an automatic bid to the NCAA Division I Baseball Tournament. The other teams have to hope for an at-large bid.
History.
The Southland Conference tournament began in 1964. From 1964 through 1966 the tournament consisted of three teams. In 1967 and 1968 the tournament expanded to a four team double-elimination tournament.
From 1969 until 1992, the Southland Conference did not have a baseball tournament.
In 1993, the conference began holding a baseball tournament again. From 1993 through 1995, the tournament was a four team double-elimination tournament.
In 1996, it expanded to become a six team double-elimination tournament and remained that way until 2007.
In 2008, the tournament once again expanded and became an eight team double-elimination tournament.
In 2012, two brackets of four teams were added in a double-elimination format. The winner of each bracket plays in a championship game. This facilitates a television broadcast of the final.

</doc>
<doc id="18355937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18355937" title="Coast Guard Officers' Sword">
Coast Guard Officers' Sword

The Coast Guard Officers' Sword is identical to the US Model 1852 Navy Officer's Sword in all manners except that the Coast Guard Officers' Sword has "US Coast Guard" inscribed on it instead of "US Navy". The swords are made by the Marlow White company.

</doc>
<doc id="18355945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18355945" title="New Bolingbroke railway station">
New Bolingbroke railway station

New Bolingbroke railway station is a former station in New Bolingbroke, Lincolnshire. The station was built by the Midville and Kirkstead Railway. It opened in 1913, but the line was closed between 1915 and 1923 as a coal economy measure. The line closed in 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="18355960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18355960" title="Noah Merl">
Noah Merl

Noah Merl (born June 4, 1983 in Walnut Creek, California) is an American soccer player currently playing for Seattle Wolves in the USL Premier Development League.
Career.
College and Amateur.
Merl attended the University of California, Berkeley where he played college soccer from 2001 to 2004 and was captain his last 2 years. During the 2004 collegiate off season, he spent the summer with Orange County Blue Star of the USL Premier Development League.
Professional.
Merl was drafted in the third round (29th overall) of the 2005 MLS Supplemental Draft by the San Jose Earthquakes, but never played a first team game with the team, playing three games with their reserves before being released at the end of the season. 
On April 10, 2006, he signed with Seattle Sounders of the USL First Division, and spent the next three seasons with the team, playing 21 games in his first season, and finishing his career there with 65 appearances. In November 2007, he aso began playing with the Seattle Wolves in the Premier Arena Soccer League.
Following the demise of the USL1-1 Sounders at the end of 2008, Merl retired from professional soccer and signed with Seattle Wolves' outdoor expansion franchise in the USL Premier Development League for the 2009 season.
Currently Merl anchors the midfield for Green Shirts Football Club, 14 time and current Champions of Soccer Dome's Premiere league, "La Liga". In 23 career appearances Merl has tallied 18 goals and 16 assists, while steadfastly patrolling the midfield in defense.
Merl also is a 13 time Sobe "Man of the match" award winner."We are very fortunate to have a player of Noah's quality in our side," Manager and team owner Ed Davis remarks."Our team's speed of play and cohesiveness has never been better."

</doc>
<doc id="18355963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18355963" title="Stickney railway station">
Stickney railway station

Stickney railway station is a former station in the village of Stickney, in the Lincolnshire Fens. It closed in 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="18355984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18355984" title="Midville railway station">
Midville railway station

Midville railway station was a station in Midville, Lincolnshire, England. It was on the line between Lincoln and Firsby, and operated between 1913 and 1970. 

</doc>
<doc id="18356016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18356016" title="Midville, Lincolnshire">
Midville, Lincolnshire

Midville is a small village and civil parish in the East Lindsey district of Lincolnshire, England. It is situated about north from Boston.
The village was an extra-parochial allotment of the East Fen, which was drained between 1802 and 1813, and was constituted as a parochial township by an act of Parliament passed in 1885. The East Fen is between Boston and Spilsby.
Midville church was built in 1819-20 and is a plain edifice of Georgian brick.
It was once home to Midville railway station, which opened in 1913 and closed in 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="18356045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18356045" title="Fort McPherson, Nebraska">
Fort McPherson, Nebraska

Fort McPherson was originally called Cantonment McKean, and was popularly known as Fort Cottonwood. The Fort was an Indian Wars-era U.S. Army installation in Nebraska Territory located near the site of present-day North Platte, Nebraska.
Location.
It was located on the banks of the North Platte River, at the mouth of Cottonwood Canyon, a strategic location near the junction of South and North Platte Rivers. Cottonwood Springs, a natural spring in an abandoned bed of the river, was the only spring for many miles along the river and a favored spot used by the plains Indians.
We started early on October 11th, and passed Gilmans' ranch, which was built of cedar, and, going fifteen miles farther, camped at a spring called Cottonwood Springs. A man by the name of Charles MacDonald had built a cedar ranch at the mouth of Cottonwood Canyon, which canyon came down to the river near Cottonwood Springs. Cottonwood Springs was merely a seep in a gully which had been an old bed of the river, and which had curved up towards Cottonwood Canyon. The water-bed of the river being largely composed of gravel, the water came down in the underflow, and seeped out at a place down in the bank where there had grown a large cottonwood tree. This spring had been dug out, and was the only spring as far as known along the Platte for two hundred miles. It was at the mouth of Cottonwood Canyon that we were to build our military post. The place was a great crossing for the Indians going north and south. The valley here was several miles wide. There was a large island in the river of several thousand acres, upon which grew the finest grass to be found in the country, and there were some scrubby willows and cottonwoods; so that the Indians coming from the north found it a good stopping-place to feed their ponies either in summer or winter, because in the winter the ponies could eat the cottonwood brush. In addition to this, Cottonwood Canyon gave a fine passage to the south. A road went up on the floor of the canyon, between the trees, until it rose onto the tableland twenty miles south. The canyon furnished fuel and protection. It was for the purpose of breaking up this Indian run-way that we were ordered to build a post at the mouth of the canyon.
History.
The decision to build the fort was following the Dakota War of 1862. It was an outpost to protect travelers along the Oregon and California Trails, between Fort Kearny and Colorado and to keep the peace with the local Native Americans. The fort was built by troops of the 7th Regiment Iowa Volunteer Cavalry using cedar logs cut in Cottonwood Canyon. It was completed in October 1863. Originally named Cantonment McKean, on February 26, 1866 it was renamed Fort McPherson in the honor of Major General James B. McPherson. However, it was always popularly known as Fort Cottonwood.
Numerous expeditions were launched from Fort McPherson during the Indian Wars. The most important was the expedition of General Eugene Asa Carr which finished with the defeat of the Cheyenne Indians at the Battle of Summit Springs. The fort was abandoned in 1880.
A cemetery was created along with the fort. In 1873, were set aside for Fort McPherson National Cemetery, and the remains interred in the original post cemetery were moved to it.

</doc>
<doc id="18356051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18356051" title="Todd Thicke">
Todd Thicke

Todd Thicke is a television writer and producer. He is the brother of Alan Thicke and uncle of Robin Thicke.
Biography.
Thicke moved from Toronto to Los Angeles in 1982 writing "The Wil Shriner Show", "Animal Crack-Ups", "Rick Dees Into the Night", "Growing Pains" and "Candid Camera".
In 1989, his work began with Vin Di Bona on "America's Funniest Home Videos". Thicke is now the co-executive producer of "America's Funniest Home Videos".
Thicke has produced many comedy/reality shows in the U.S. and Canada, including The NHL Awards, "Anne Murray Christmas", "The Alan Thicke Show", The World Magic Awards, "The I Do Diaries", and "National Lampoon’s Quest for Comedy".
He has also written for animation series including "John Callahan’s Quads", "Pelswick", and numerous television theme songs.

</doc>
<doc id="18356056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18356056" title="Blackland Records">
Blackland Records

Blackland Records is an independent record label that was incorporated in 2005 by John Kent and Tim Wheeler.
Corporate history.
Following John Kent's stint with the Ben Kweller Band and Radish, businessman Tim Wheeler joined forces with the ex-rocker to form Blackland Records in 2005. After their incorporation, Blackland signed Brooklyn-based band Hymns, releasing their second album "Travel In Herds".

</doc>
<doc id="18356058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18356058" title="Cryptography Research">
Cryptography Research

Cryptography Research, Inc.. is a San Francisco based cryptography company specializing in applied cryptographic engineering, including technologies for building tamper-resistant semiconductors. It was purchased on June 6, 2011 by Rambus for $342.5M. The company licenses patents for protecting cryptographic devices against power analysis attacks. The company's CryptoFirewall-brand ASIC cores are used in pay TV conditional access systems and anti-counterfeiting applications. CRI also developed BD+, a security component in the Blu-ray disc format, and played a role in the format war between HD DVD and Blu-ray. The company's services group assists with security testing, disaster recovery, and training.
Cryptography Research protects its core operations from outside attack by maintaining a secured local network that is not connected to the Internet at all. Employees who need to work with sensitive data have two computers on their desks — one to access the secure network, and a separate computer to access the Internet.
In 2009, Frost & Sullivan awarded the company the World Smart Card Technology Leadership of the Year Award, noting that the company is "one of the highest-volume and highest-value technology licensors in the semiconductor industry" and that "more than 4 billion security chips are produced under its licenses every year".

</doc>
<doc id="18356071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18356071" title="Little Steeping railway station">
Little Steeping railway station

Little Steeping was a railway station on the East Lincolnshire Railway which served the hamlet of Little Steeping in Lincolnshire between 1848 and 1964. It became a junction station in June 1913 when the Kirkstead and Little Steeping Railway was opened to provide a more direct route to for East Midlands holidaymakers. Withdrawal of passenger services took place in 1961, followed by goods facilities in 1964. The line through the station remains in use as the Poacher Line, although the Kirkstead and Little Steeping Railway closed throughout on 5 October 1970.
History.
The station was opened on 2 October 1848 to serve the hamlet of Little Steeping. It was constructed by Peto and Betts civil engineering contractors who, in January 1848, had taken over the contract to construct the section of the East Lincolnshire Railway between and from John Waring and Sons. This section was the last to be completed in September 1848 at an agreed cost of £123,000 (£ as of ). The station was provided with two platforms: a signal box was built on the up platform and the main station buildings were on the down platform. The signal box was situated near the level crossing over a minor road linking Little Steeping with Great Steeping to the north. A farm crossing at Ings Lane to the north of the station at was the location of a fatal accident in November 1897 when Tom Odlin was killed whilst crossing the line in foggy weather with a corn wagon drawn by two horses, the wagon being pushed down the line for some distance.
The Kirkstead and Little Steeping Railway between to Little Steeping opened to goods traffic on 1 June 1913 and to passengers one month later. This saw four trains each way between Lincoln and travel through Little Steeping, together with an express service from . This added to the five up and four down services and one Sunday service each way on the East Lincolnshire Line. A new 25-lever Saxby & Farmer signal box was opened at Bellwater Junction to the south of Little Steeping station where what became known as the "New Line" joined the East Lincolnshire Line; this replaced a four-lever ground frame next to what had been an occupation crossing with a crossing keeper's cottage. The station was closed to passengers on 11 September 1961 and to goods traffic on 15 June 1964. The last day of operation of the New Line was Saturday 3 October 1970.
Present day.
The line through the station continues to be used by services on the Poacher Line between and .

</doc>
<doc id="18356080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18356080" title="Mitchell Hooks">
Mitchell Hooks

Mitchell Hooks (1923 - March 2013) was an American artist and illustrator renowned for his artwork for paperback books and magazines.
Born in Detroit, Michigan, Hooks served with the U.S. military, including occupation duty in Germany, then began his freelance illustration career in New York City. He painted paperback covers for Avon, Bantam Books, Dell Books, Fawcett Publications and others, and illustrated for magazines including "Cosmopolitan", "The Saturday Evening Post", "The Ladies' Home Journal", "Redbook", "McCall's", and "Woman's Day". He illustrated romance novels, science fiction and crime fiction, such as the Ross Macdonald's "Lew Archer", Peter Corris's "Cliff Hardy" and B.B. Johnston's "Superspade" series.
Hooks illustrated the 36-page booklet "How to Respect and Display Our Flag" for the U.S. Marine Corps. He also designed film posters, including the first James Bond movie, "Dr. No" — for which he painted "the iconic image of Sean Connery as Bond" — and "The Face of Fu Manchu".
In later years he also illustrated hardcover books for The Franklin Library, Reader's Digest Books and Coronado Publishers, and did advertising art.
Hooks was 89 when he died.
Awards.
In 1999, he was inducted into the Society of Illustrators Hall of Fame.
Further reading.
"The Paperback Art of Mitchell Hooks", "Illustration Magazine" 10

</doc>
<doc id="18356089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18356089" title="Little Steeping">
Little Steeping

Little Steeping is a village and civil parish in the East Lindsey district of Lincolnshire, England, about south-east from the town of Spilsby 
The parish church is dedicated to Saint Andrew, and is a Grade II* listed building. It dates from the 14th century, with alterations in 1638 and 1701, and later restorations. A cross in the churchyard is Grade II listed and a scheduled monument. 
Little Steeping Parochial School opened in 1871 and was enlarged in 1904. It closed on 26 July 1963. 
The Little Steeping railway station opened on 2 October 1848 for the Great Northern Railway, and closed 15 June 1964. It had two narrow platforms with the main station buildings on the down side of the line, and the signalbox opposite on the up side.

</doc>
<doc id="18356098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18356098" title="James Marshall House (Shepherdstown, West Virginia)">
James Marshall House (Shepherdstown, West Virginia)

The James Marshall House, also known as Marshall Hall, Marshall-Myers-Byron House and Windward is a property near Shepherdstown, West Virginia. The house was built "circa" 1835 by James Marshall and was known as "Marshall Hall" until about 1914. It became known as "Windward" in 1966.
Windward is a two story L-shaped house in the with Greek Revival elements. The brick structure features a small one story Greek Revival pedimented porch on a relatively plain facade. The flush cornices and simplified detailing are characteristic of an understated application of the Greek Revival style. The slate roof is a clipped hip form that follows the L shape of the plan. 
The interior features Greek Revival detailing with plain surfaces. The center hall plan features a large parlor to the left of the hall, with a small parlor and library to the right. A kitchen and dining room are located in the rear extension, with a galleried porch aligning with the center hall. Three bedrooms and a bathroom are upstairs in the main section, with two chambers over the kitchen wing.
The foundation of a barn that burned in the early 1900s are visible, as well as the outline of what is believed to be a now-vanished log kitchen, noted in the Jefferson County deed book as having living quarters above.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="18356102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18356102" title="Linthicum (Baltimore Light Rail station)">
Linthicum (Baltimore Light Rail station)

Linthicum is a stop on the Baltimore Light Rail system. This station is the last station on the light rail's trunk line; southbound trains depart onto branches to BWI and Cromwell/Glen Burnie. There are currently no free public parking or bus connections at this station.
Linthicum station uses a railroad line formerly served by the Baltimore and Annapolis Railroad. It is accessible from a long crosswalk across from the intersection of Camp Meade Road (MD 170) and Benton Avenue, and the Linthicum Volunteer Fire Company(Station #32). Another crosswalk to the station leads to Oakdale Road on the opposite side of the tracks. The station reopened again in 1993, and the spur to Marshall Airport was created in 1997.
Ridership at the station averages 372 people daily, 67% of whom are transfers to either BWI Airport or Cromwell Station. Only 33% of riders are "walk-ups" from the surrounding neighborhood, according to research conducted by Parsons Corp., an engineering, construction, technical and management services firm that received a $200,000 contract from MTA to conduct the study between August 2011 and April 2012.
There is an effort to close this station due to the crime the station is alleged to bring to its community, including an attempted murder. While MTA has not considered closing the station, other actions have been taken or considered. These include the placement of a call box where riders can alert police when in need, additional security cameras, and the early closing of the station at 8 pm. Early attempts to have this stop close date back to 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="18356117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18356117" title="Universitas Psychologica">
Universitas Psychologica

Universitas Psychologica is a Colombian journal of psychology. It is one of the top-rated journals in Colombia, being in the highest category (A1) in Colciencias (the Colombian National Institute of Sciences), and it has been indexed in databases such as Philosopher's Info, PsycINFO, ISI Web of Knowledge, Dialnet, Redalyc and SciELO. The journal offers access to full-text articles published from 2001.
It is edited by the Faculty of Psychology at the Pontificia Universidad Javeriana, in Bogotá, Colombia. 

</doc>
<doc id="18356118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18356118" title="North Otago in the 2008 Heartland Championship">
North Otago in the 2008 Heartland Championship

The North Otago Rugby Football Union were the third-place team in the 2008 Heartland Championship after winning the Meads Cup in 2007.
North Otago's 2008 season livery is supplied by Samurai Sportswear 
2008 Pool Games.
North Otago are to play Auckland for the Ranfurly Shield on 22 July, in Oamaru
Horowhenua-Kapiti.
North Otago started off their 2008 Heartland Championship season with a 32-11 win over Horowhenua-Kapiti in Oamaru. It was Ross Hay's 100th match for the Turbines and it became Nathan Cunningham's 50th game when he replaced Mike Mavor in the second half. North Otago started the game slowly but managed to go to the break ahead 15-6. The second half was a different story for North Otago, as they pulled away from Horowhenua-Kapiti and picked up a bonus point in their 32-11 Round One win. 
West Coast.
North Otago travelled to Rugby Park, Greymouth for their round two clash with West Coast. After a solid first half from both teams, North Otago managed to hold a halftime lead of 10-6. Very littled separated the teams in the second half but after a late serge from West Coast it looked as if the game could have gone to either side, but it was North Otago that held on for the 15-9 win.
South Canterbury.
North Otago suffered their first loss of their 2008 Heartland Championship when they went down 18-10 to South Canterbury, in Oamaru. North Otago failed to take their chances as South Canterbury defended all day and held North Otago out to take the win. (North Otago 10-Jeremy Te Huia try, Pale Tuilagi con, pen<br> South Canterbury 18-Malakai Fonua 2 tries, Luke Reihana con, Scott Norton 2 pen)
Buller.
North Otago continued their push for the Meads Cup after beating Buller 22-18 in Westport. The win put North Otago into second position in pool A, behind West Coast. (North Otago 22-Mike Mavor, Ekeroma Sifo, Josh Collier tries, Pale Tuilagi 2 con, pen<br>
Buller 18-Mitieli Kaloudigibecki, Simon Lloyd tries, Nathan Thompson con, 2 pen) 
Wararapa-Bush.
North Otago put together their best performance so far this season with a comfortable win over Wararapa-Bush in Oamaru. North Otago led 10-7 at half-time, but it was an exciting second half that saw North Otago's lead extended. 8 minutes into the second half Ross Hay charged down Cash Lafaele's clearing kick, gathering the ball up on the bounce to cross the line. North Otago held the led throughout the second half despite a late charge from Wairarapa-Bush. Lemi Masoe was at his best, scoring two tries, while Pale Tuilagi proved his worth by not missing a kick all game. (North Otago 44-Lemi Masoe 2, Ross Hay, Samisoni Tongo Tongo, Jone Paumau tries Pale Tuilagi 5 con, 3 pen<br> Wairarapa Bush 19-Charles Walker-Blair, Junior Togia, Paeto Lafaele tries Paddy Rimene 2 con)

</doc>
<doc id="18356143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18356143" title="Yonibana">
Yonibana

Yonibana is a small rural town in Tonkolili District in the Northern Province of Sierra Leone. The vast majority of its population are from the Temne ethnic group and the Temne language is widely spoken in the town. Yonibana lies approximately 28.2 miles to the district capital Magburaka[http://distancebetween.info/yonibana/magburaka] and approximately 90 miles north-east of Freetown. 
The town is best known for being home to its dynamic Poro secret society. Yonibana is served by the Yonibana Secondary School, one of the oldest Secondary schools in Northern Sierra Leone, built in 1964. 
Yonibana is the birthplace of Sierra Leone's minister of Health Haja Zainab Hawa Bangura; and former Sierra Leone's foreign minister from 2002 to 2007 Momodu Koroma.

</doc>
<doc id="18356193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18356193" title="1986–87 Syracuse Orangemen basketball team">
1986–87 Syracuse Orangemen basketball team

The 1986–87 Syracuse Orangemen basketball team represented Syracuse University in the 1986–87 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Head coach was Jim Boeheim, serving for his 11th year. The team played home games at the Carrier Dome in Syracuse, New York. The team finished with a 31-7 (12-4) record while making it to the Championship game of the NCAA tournament.
The team was led by junior Rony Seikaly and sophomore Sherman Douglas. Seniors Greg Monroe and Howard Triche, and freshman Derrick Coleman also played key roles.
Season recap.
After the graduation of Rafael Addison and Wendell Alexis and the early departure of Pearl Washington, expectations for the season were low.
But behind the surprising Sherman Douglas and Derrick Coleman, and despite an early injury to Rony Seikaly, Syracuse won its first 15 games en route to winning the Big East regular season title. The season included thrilling victories over St. Johns (64-63) and Seton Hall (84-80).
Syracuse would defeat Villanova and Pittsburgh to advance to the Big East Championship game before falling to Georgetown, 69-59.
NCAA tournament.
After finishing the regular season at 28-6, the Orangemen earned a 2 seed in the East region of the NCAA Tournament.
Syracuse played its first two tournament games at home in the Carrier Dome. The Orangemen defeated 15 seed Georgia Southern 79-73 and 10 seed Western Kentucky 104-86 to advance to the Sweet 16.
After winning its first two tournament games at the Carrier Dome, the Orangemen moved on to the Sweet 16 held at The Meadowlands in East Rutherford, New Jersey. The Orangemen defeated 6 seed Florida 87-81.
Syracuse faced 1 seed North Carolina in the regional finals. The Orangemen had to fight off the Tar Heels down the stretch as they fought to overcome a 15 point Syracuse lead. However, Syracuse was able to hold off the Tar Heels, winning 79-75 to advance to the Final Four.
In the semi-final game, the Orangemen defeated fellow Big East team and 6 seed Providence 77-63. The Orangemen had an easy time with the Friars, out rebounding them 53-35 with Coleman, Douglas, and Triche each having at least 10 rebounds. The Orangemen held the Friars to 36.4% shooting leading Coach Boeheim to credit the team's defense for the win. The Orangemen also held Providence's leading scorer and future Florida Gators head coach Billy Donovan to 8 points, 18 under his season average.
In the championship game at the Superdome in New Orleans, Louisiana, the Orangemen matched up against the Indiana Hoosiers coached by Bobby Knight. The game was a back and forth battle down until the final whistle. The Orangemen had a one point lead with 28 seconds left in the second half when Coleman missed the front end of a one and one. Indiana grabbed the rebound and tournament MOP Keith Smart made a jumper from the corner with just seconds left on the clock to give the Hoosiers a one point lead and the National Championship.
NCAA Tournament school records.
The team's 104 point outburst against Western Kentucky in the second round is tied for the most points in a tournament game.
Rony Seikaly's 138 points is a school record and was tied with Indiana's Steve Alford for most in that year's tournament. He also set records for field goals and free throws made with 53 and 51, respectively.
Derrick Coleman's 19 rebounds against Indiana is a school record that still stands as of 2008. He also set tournament records for rebounds and blocked shots with 73 and 16, respectively.
Sherman Douglas set a record for assists with 49.

</doc>
<doc id="18356196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18356196" title="List of Old Tonbridgians">
List of Old Tonbridgians

This is a list of notable alumni of the Tonbridge School.

</doc>
<doc id="18356198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18356198" title="Court Square">
Court Square

Court Square in Springfield, Massachusetts, USA, is a park and historic district in the heart of Springfield's urban Metro Center neighborhood. Court Square is the City of Springfield's only topographical constant since its founding in 1636. It is bounded by Court Street, Main Street, State Street, East Columbus Avenue, and features Elm Street and a scenic pedestrian-only walkway from the courthouse toward Springfield's historic Old First Church.
Springfield's Old First Church has been located in Court Square since the 17th century. It was the twentieth parish formed in the Massachusetts Bay Colony, and was gathered in 1637, the year after Springfield was founded. The first meetinghouse was erected just east of this site in 1645. The current Old First Church (b. 1819) is the fourth building on this site, built by a Northampton architect, Isaac Damon. The rooster weathervane on the steeple was crafted by a Coppersmith in London, England, and brought to this country in 1750. Here inventor Thomas Blanchard and abolitionist John Brown worshipped; Daniel Webster spoke; and Jenny Lind sang.
In 1902, the year of the city's golden jubilee, $100,000 was raised in public donations to fund a project extending Court Square to the Connecticut River, spurred by a donation of $10,000 by the estate of the late Tilly Haynes, one of Springfield's most active citizens. In the late 1950s, Haynes' contribution was undermined when Court Square was separated from the Connecticut River by the construction of the elevated Interstate 91, and a 1,754 car parking lot beneath it. 
The ornate, gothic stone Court House – now the juvenile court house – to the left of the church, was designed by renowned architect H.H. Richardson and built in 1909. To the right of the church, the Springfield Municipal Group was erected in 1911-13, and dedicated by United States President William Howard Taft in December 1913. In his dedication speech, President Taft praised the Springfield Municipal Group as "one of the most distinctive civic centers in the United States - and indeed, the world." The Municipal Group features a 300 ft. tall Italianate Campanile, which until the early 1970s, was the tallest building in Springfield (as per moratorium on skyscrapers in Springfield by the Massachusetts State Legislature.) 
In 2010, UMass Amherst located its Urban Design Program to the Byers Block, across Main Street from the MassMutual Center. 3-7 Elm Street, part of the historic Byers Block, was constructed for James Byers in 1835 by noted architect Simon Sanborn. This remaining part of the Block constitutes the oldest commercial building still standing in Springfield. The building has served several functions throughout the years. These range from the Elm Street Tree Shop (which occupied the ground floor from 1866–1906) to the offices of several notable Springfield citizens, including George Bancroft, George Ashmun, Reuben Chapman, 12 Springfield judges and 7 Springfield mayors.
West of the Byers Block, the Romanesque Revival Court Square Building was originally a hotel and a renowned theater. A sixth floor was added to the building in 1900, including a tower that graces the elevator penthouse at the eastern end. The hotel became offices by the 1930s; however, the Court Square Playhouse remained the city's premier live theater until its surprise demolition in 1957. The Court Square Building features a brown brick exterior relieved with details of brownstone, terra-cotta, and granite. The Court Square building is scheduled for a multi-million renovation in 2012, after which it will include "a mix of retail, office and residential uses." 
The historic district encompassing Court Square and its surrounding buildings was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="18356228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18356228" title="BWI Business District (Baltimore Light Rail station)">
BWI Business District (Baltimore Light Rail station)

BWI Business District is a stop on the Baltimore Light Rail system. There are currently 36 free public parking space and connections can be made to MTA Maryland's Route 17 and 99 buses, WMATA's B30 express bus, and Howard Transit's Silver Route from this station. Additionally, portions of the BWI Trail can be found across the street from the parking lot.

</doc>
<doc id="18356235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18356235" title="Citigroup Venture Capital">
Citigroup Venture Capital

Citigroup Venture Capital is the name used by several private equity firms that had historical ties to Citigroup.

</doc>
<doc id="18356271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18356271" title="Scott Chiamparino">
Scott Chiamparino

Scott Michael Chiamparino (born August 22, 1966 in San Mateo, California) is a former pitcher in Major League Baseball who played for the Texas Rangers from to . He was drafted by the Florida Marlins as the 41st pick overall in the 1992 MLB expansion draft.

</doc>
<doc id="18356274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18356274" title="Andre Schmid (soccer)">
Andre Schmid (soccer)

Andre Schmid (born April 5, 1983 in Sacramento, California) is a former American soccer player.
Schmid attended Christian Brothers High School in California where he was an ADIDAS high school All American. He then attended St. John’s University in New York where he played soccer from 2001 to 2005. He lost most of the 2003 season to a foot injury which led him to coming back in 2005 for a fifth season with the Redmen. In January 2006, the Houston Dynamo picked Schmid in the third round (32nd overall) in the 2006 MLS SuperDraft. He never played for the Dynamo first team and was shipped by Houston to New York Red Bulls during the season. He did not catch in on New York, playing only four reserve games, and Red Bulls released him at the end of the season. On March 27, 2007, he signed with Seattle Sounders of the USL First Division where he played eighteen games in his first season.
Schmid earned four caps with the United States U-18 national team in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="18356288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18356288" title="Beer in Morocco">
Beer in Morocco

Beer production in Morocco was introduced by the French in the 20th century. Currently, Société des Brasseries du Maroc oversees the production and distribution. Popular beers include "Spéciale Flag" (pilsner) and "Stork" (light lager). The Moroccan premium beer is "Casablanca" (also a lager), which costs more than the other two. "Casablanca" is also exported and, for instance, served in the Morocco pavilion at Epcot in Disney World, Orlando, FL. 
The breweries of Brasseries du Maroc are located in Fes, Tangier, and Casablanca, also a bottling unit exists in Marrakech. The best selling international beer in Morocco is Heineken, which is locally brewed by Brasseries du Maroc under the supervision of Heineken International.

</doc>
<doc id="18356317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18356317" title="Charles Bryant (actor)">
Charles Bryant (actor)

Charles Bryant (8 January 1879 – 7 August 1948) was a British actor and film director.
Life.
Bryant was born in Hartford, Cheshire on 8 January 1879. He was educated at Ardingly College in Sussex. He left school at the age of 14 to become a stage actor, and three years later travelled to America to begin working on Broadway, starring in "The First Born" in 1887.
Bryant starred in "A Train of Incidents" (1914), and "War Brides" (1916), which was also the first film his beard wife, Alla Nazimova featured in. Bryant and Nazimova signed with Metro Pictures in 1918 and starred alongside each other in a number of films including "Revelation", "Out of the Fog", and "Billions". In 1918, Nazimova founded Nazimova Productions and it was there that Bryant began directing, with the pair creating a film adaptation of Oscar Wilde’s Salomé in 1923. Bryant and Nazimova's pairing was short lived. Salomé was ostensibly too far ahead of its time and failed at the box office bankrupting Nazimova Productions. Bryant never worked in film again, instead returning to Broadway. He divorced Nazimova shortly after leaving Hollywood, their marriage apparently having been only one of convenience and no longer necessary.
Marriages and Children.
He claimed to have married Alla Nazimova on 5 December 1912, but the marriage was never performed or consummated.
On November 16, 1925, Bryant, 43, surprised the press, Nazimova's fans and Nazimova herself by marrying Marjorie Gilhooley, 23, in Connecticut. When the press uncovered the fact that Charles had listed his current marital status as "single" on his marriage license, the revelation that the marriage between Alla and Charles had been a sham from the beginning embroiled Nazimova in a scandal that damaged her career. Charles and Marjorie divorced in 1936.
Bryant had two children with Gilhooley, Charles Bryant Jr. and Sheila Bryant. Charles and Marjorie divorced in 1936.On June 8, 1948, Sheila married the American novelist Richard Yates.
Death.
Bryant died on 7 August 1948 in Mount Kisco, New York at age 69.

</doc>
<doc id="18356330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18356330" title="Charles A. Lee">
Charles A. Lee

Charles Lee (born November 18, 1977) in Nashville, TN, raised in Pacoima of Los Angeles, CA was an American sprinting athlete. He was a four-time All American short sprinter at the University of Southern California in the late nineteen-nineties. Lee, a Cleveland High School (Los Angeles, California) graduate and Los Angeles Valley College Alum is the record holder in both the 100 meters and 200 meters at both schools. Lee went on to the University of Southern California (coached by John Henry Johnson & Ron Allice) where he ranked as a top 50 sprinter in the world and earned All American status 6 times as both a solo sprinter and relay runner throughout his college career. Lee graduated from USC in 1999. As a youth, Lee was a member of the North Valley Golden Bears Track Club and Los Angeles Jets Track Club.
References.
CSTV
USC American list
USC 1998-1999
LA Valley College

</doc>
<doc id="18356335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18356335" title="Captain William Lucas and Robert Lucas House">
Captain William Lucas and Robert Lucas House

The Captain William Lucas and Robert Lucas House, also known as Linden Spring, is a large stone house near Shepherdstown in Jefferson County, West Virginia, United States. It was built circa 1783 for Captain William Lucas, a Revolutionary War soldier. Lucas' son, Robert Lucas was born here and became a Governor of Ohio and the first Territorial governor of Iowa.
William Lucas was the son of Edward Lucas II, who arrived in Jefferson County in 1732 and received lands from Thomas Fairfax, 6th Lord Fairfax of Cameron. William's wife was Susannah Barnes, sister-in-law to James Rumsey, whose steamship experiments took place on the nearby Potomac River.

</doc>
<doc id="18356345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18356345" title="Bertha Berry">
Bertha Berry

Bertha Elizabeth (Wikoff) Berry (1876–1954) was a nurse and the founder of the Berry Hospital in Ekalaka, Montana.
Early life.
Bertha Wikoff was born in Adams County, Ohio, to a family of French extraction. Her parents were Hosea and Anne Belle Wikoff. At age 21 Berry moved with her family to Chandler, Oklahoma Territory.
Marriage.
In Oklahoma, Bertha met a sawyer from Colorado, Charles Berry. The two married in 1900 and had three daughters. In 1910 the family moved to Ekalaka in search of lumber, there two more daughters were born.
Education.
Berry began studying nursing in 1924, taking a correspondence course in the subject from The Chautauqua School of Nursing.
Berry Hospital.
Less than two years after beginning her studies, Bertha Berry purchased a large house in Ekalaka and opened the Berry Hospital, which was the first hospital to operate in Ekalaka. The Berry Hospital was primarily a maternity hospital, and was the only formal medical facility in the town until 1942, when the Dahl Memorial Hospital, now the Dahl Memorial Medical Assistance Facility, was opened.
Death.
Charles Berry died in 1943, a year after the Berry Hospital closed its doors. Bertha Berry survived another 11 years, dying at age 77 in 1954.

</doc>
<doc id="18356363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18356363" title="Philip Schram">
Philip Schram

Philip Schram is the fourth in a line of entrepreneurs spanning Italy and France. He is recognized for his expertise in vintage cars, especially the Le Zebre. He has also been recognized for his creative integration of social and web-based business solutions. He holds a MS in chemistry from the Institut National Polytechnique de Grenoble (INPG) and an MBA from INSEAD/CEDEP, Paris. He is one of the owners of Buffalo Wings & Rings, a restaurant franchise based in Cincinnati, Ohio.
Background.
Philip Schram was born in Neuilly-sur-Seine near Paris to a family recognized as business leaders in France. He served a tour of duty with the prestigious Liautey Cavalery Military Corp, France’s equivalent to the U.S. Marine Corps from 1987 to 1988. He quickly distinguished himself in IT and became an instructor.
After his time of service, he worked in the French automobile industry with Renault Vehicules Industriels (RVI) before its acquisition by Volvo Trucks. As a hobby, he joined the "Amateur des Automobiles Anciennes" (Amateur of Vintage Cars Society) in 1989 and would soon distinguish himself as an expert in vintage cars.
Schram immigrated to the United States in 1999 to participate in the newly formed joint venture between German transmission manufacturer ZF Batavia and Ford Motors. In 2005, Schram acquired the restaurant franchise Buffalo Wings & Rings.
Vintage Car Promoter and Expert.
Within one year of joining the Club des Amateur d'Automobiles Anciennes, Schram was elected treasurer, a position he held for six years. In this time, he helped grow the vintage car society’s annual Epoqu’Auto from a regional car show to the second most important vintage car show in France. His expertise as a controller and business developer helped bring large exhibitors, such as La Fondation de l’Automobile Berliet to the annual event.
He was once again involved with Amateur des Automobiles Anciennes in 2009 for the 100th anniversary of the Le Zebre. With two other members of the organization, he helped organize a rally which was attended by owners of vintage Le Zebres.
In 1997, Schram published the first book ever written about the Le Zebre, a French make built between 1909 and 1931 in Suresnes, Hauts-de-Seine, near Paris. The book has been recognized in multiple publications. It is currently in its fifth printing. In 2012, a German version was co-authored with Marek Hötzelt & Schram :de:Le Zèbre.
Internet Entrepreneur.
In 2004, Schram recognized the value of integrating websites, social media, YouTube and ecommerce. This led to the development of AdvanceLinks and the acquisition of Paljunction, two web-based business solutions which he expanded further in their applications.
AdvanceLinks introduced a platform where depth of content from multiple perspectives could be supported and social contribution could be encouraged. The results may be seen on lezebre.eu, where one of the most comprehensive knowledge bases for this vintage automobile may be found. Users of the site are able to learn or contribute to the knowledge-base.
When Schram acquired Paljunction in 2004, it was one of many social networks contending for recognition in the marketplace. Schram chose to develop the platform as a closed network solution for professionals, societies, churches and businesses. An early business user was Secretary of State John Kerry.
Schram integrated a number of tools into Paljunction, including a bulletin board, document management, eLearning, ecommerce and ERP. Its value as a business management tool would be recognized by "Franchise Developer".
Author.
His initial success with Le Zebre, and his experience developing AdvanceLinks, led Schram to explore a new model of eBook. He worked with Fleurette Morel, the daughter of race driver André Morel, on telling her father’s story through a multi-dimensional concept not seen previously in the market. When the André Morel e-Book was published in 2008, it allowed the reader to navigate in multiple directions—chronology, people, cars, themes, etc. Each section reflected extensive research and documentation so that readers could have a positive experience no matter which approach they chose to the subject matter.
Schram collaborated on "Les Ornais Celebres" (The Orne Celebrities) in 2010 as a key contributor of photographs and knowledge about Joseph Lamy, a famous resident of France's Orne region and key executive at Le Zebre and Amilcar.
He has since published similar eBooks about auto industry designers Chenard Senechal and Jules Salomon. Schram’s next automobile project will be released in 2014. Delage: La Voiture Chic provides a complete catalog of the production years between 1905 to 1953. The book will be the definitive work on all three periods of production of this French luxury car, from the frame outward. An extensive album of photographs will provide detailed information for accurate restoration and enjoyment of these vintage cars.
As an avid locomotive enthusiast, Schram has also written many articles about trains. He is a regular contributor to the On-Line Magazine of Rideable Model Railroading "Discover Live Stream".
Business Owner.
In 2005, Schram was looking for an investment. He found an opportunity in a failing restaurant in Cincinnati, Ohio. By 2008, the restaurant franchise, Buffalo Wings and Rings attained ranking as the fastest growing restaurant chain in the country. By 2013, the chain included more than 60 restaurant locations worldwide.
Schram’s success as a businessman earned him a coveted nomination for the 2008 Ernst & Young Entrepreneur of the Year Award.

</doc>
<doc id="18356367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18356367" title="Faces in the Rocks">
Faces in the Rocks

Faces in the Rocks is the debut studio album by Mariee Sioux. It features her father's mandolin playing along with Native American flute music by Gentle Thunder.

</doc>
<doc id="18356372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18356372" title="Lund Highway">
Lund Highway

Lund Highway is a road connecting Cedar City to the ghost town of Lund in Iron County, Utah. Although it is classified as a minor collector, it was once an important connection between the Union Pacific Railroad at Lund and the national parks of southern Utah and northern Arizona.
Route description.
The Lund Highway begins at an intersection with SR-56 in western Cedar City. It travels north through farmland before turning northwesterly through wide open terrain with only a few small access roads intersecting the highway before it comes to its end in the ghost town of Lund.
History.
The State Road Commission designated a state highway connecting Cedar City with Lund in August 1912. The purpose was to connect Cedar City with the nearest railroad station, that of the Los Angeles and Salt Lake Railroad (Union Pacific Railroad) at Lund. A connecting road—now known as Gap Road—running west from the county seat at Parowan through Hieroglyphic Canyon (now Parowan Gap) to the Cedar City–Lund road was added to the state highway system in December 1915. In 1919, the state legislature redefined the state highway system to include only a short list of roads and any federal aid projects. The road to Cedar City was kept since it was improved with federal aid, and the road to Parowan was dropped, but restored in 1921.
The Union Pacific Railroad began to promote a "circle tour" connecting Bryce Canyon National Park, Cedar Breaks National Monument, Zion National Park, and the North Rim of the Grand Canyon National Park in 1922. A new Cedar City Branch from Lund shortened the off-railroad distance, allowing the Utah Parks Company, a Union Pacific subsidiary that operated the tour buses and park lodging, to begin at Cedar City. Passenger trains on the branch usually operated only during the summer, however, while railroad-operated bus service on the Lund-Cedar City state highway ran year round.
The state legislature designated the roads connecting Lund to SR-1 at both Cedar City and Parowan as State Route 19 in 1927, and in 1931 the Parowan branch was split off, first as SR-128 and then in 1933 as State Route 127. A second connection between SR-19 and SR-1, following Midvalley Road past Enoch, became State Route 199 in 1935 but was given back to the county in 1943. SR-127 was removed from the state highway system in 1953 and SR-19 in 1969, automobiles having largely supplanted railroads as the preferred method of vacation travel.

</doc>
<doc id="18356374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18356374" title="National Black Graduate Student Association">
National Black Graduate Student Association

National Black Graduate Student Association (NBGSA)[http://www.nbgsa.org] is the nation’s largest interdisciplinary graduate organization for students of African descent. The association was established to address the needs and concerns of black graduate and professional students, and to encourage black undergraduates to pursue advanced degrees. NBGSA provides critical resources for ensuring the academic success of African American students and aids in developing a powerful network of emerging black scholars who can continue to diversify the academy and enrich the larger community.
The National Black Graduate Student Association (NBGSA) is a 501(C)(3) non-profit association that is managed by its members. NBGSA is recognized as the primary student organization addressing the needs of Black graduate students. NBGSA offers its members leadership training, professional development, mentoring opportunities, career placement services and more!. The national headquarters is located at Howard University in Washington, D.C.
History.
Founding.
In May 1989, Robert M. Sellers, Todd C. Shaw, Robert Brown, Daria Kirby, Lisa Brown, and Thomas LaVeist, graduate students at the University of Michigan, Ann Arbor planned and hosted a national conference to “address some of the issues that the African American community faced.” Sellers, the planning committee chairperson stated that the National Black Graduate Student Conference (NBGSC) was designed to “provide an opportunity for African American graduate students to develop professionally as well as serve as a forum for future researchers and professionals.” The first NBGSC, "Social Science Research on Black America" allowed black graduate students from across the country to participate in paper presentations, professional workshops, and roundtable discussions dealing with critical issues relating to the professional development of African American students and the black community. The conference had attendees from over twenty-five universities, including the University of Kentucky, Howard University, Northern Illinois University, Case Western Reserve University, and Texas A&M University.
With the help of the Office of Minority Affairs at the University of Michigan, the conference planning committee was able to host a successful three-day event. James S. Jackson, Associate Dean and Professor of Psychology at the University of Michigan credited the black graduate students with contributing to the university’s commitment to the “value of diversity in intellectual inquiry and teaching.” Dr. Jackson acknowledged that the “overwhelming response and involvement of graduate students across the country is a testament to the need and importance of this meeting.” As result of the NBGSC, the conference attendees decided to create a national organization that would address the many issues concerning black graduates that were given attention during the meeting. The National Black Graduate Student Association (NBGSA) was established at the end of the national conference in 1989. Todd C. Shaw, Doctoral Student at the University of Michigan was elected the first national president. His executive board consisted of Jacqueline M. Davis, graduate student at Mississippi State University as Vice-President, Donna Cochran, graduate student at the University of Michigan as Recording Secretary, Barbara Gates, Doctoral Candidate at the University of Michigan as Corresponding Secretary, and Minora Sharpe, graduate student at Pennsylvania State University as Treasurer.
At the second annual conference, "Global Perspective on Black Cultures" that was held at Mississippi State University, the attendees voted to incorporate NBGSA in the state of Mississippi. Dr. Phyllis Gray-Ray, Associate Professor of Sociology, Anthropology, and Social Work at the institution, served as the first National Advisory Chair and the first Executive Director of NBGSA. Mississippi State University became NBGSA's home in 1994, and the association remained in that location until 1997.
Early years.
NBGSA in its early years followed the career of Dr. Gray-Ray. In 1997, she accepted a position at North Carolina Central University in Durham, North Carolina. The Executive Council agreed to temporarily move the national headquarters to North Carolina. Several years later, Dr. Gray-Ray took another position at Jackson State University and the association relocated its national office back to Mississippi. Upon arriving at Jackson State University, Dr. Gray-Ray resigned from her position with NBGSA. The Executive Council presented Dr. Gray-Ray with the title of Executive Director Emeritus in 2000, at the national conference held at the University of Wisconsin, Madison. Also, in 1999, NBGSA found a permanent home at Howard University's Graduate School in Washington, D.C.
Objectives.
NBGSA is dedicated to:
Past Presidents.
<br>
Founding President<br>
Todd C. Shaw, Ph.D.<br>
University of Michigan<br>
1989-1990
Jacqueline M. Davis-Gines, Ph.D<br>
Mississippi State University<br>
1990-1991
James Robinson<br>
University of California-Berkeley<br>
1991-1992
Thomas Stewart, Ph.D.<br>
Howard University<br>
1992-1993
Marwin Spiller, Ph.D.<br>
University of Illinois<br>
1993-1994
Sharron Y. Herron, Ph.D.<br>
Mississippi State University<br>
1994-1995
Kevin McPherson, Ph.D.<br>
University of Oklahoma<br>
1995-1996
Shannon Marquez, Ph.D.<br>
University of North Carolina-Chapel Hill<br>
1996-1997
Kevin Michael Foster, Ph.D.<br>
University of Texas, Austin<br>
1997-1998
Charmaine N. Jackson Mercer, Ph.D.<br>
Claremont Graduate University<br>
1998-1999
Kimberly R. Moffitt, Ph.D.<br>
Howard University<br>
1999-2000
Tessa Johnson, MA<br>
Northern Illinois University<br>
2000-2001
Adrienne D. Dixson, Ph.D.<br>
University of Wisconsin–Madison<br>
2001-2002
Tamara Bertrand Jones, Ph.D.<br>
Florida State University<br>
2002-2004
Marla J. Mitchell, M.Ed.<br>
Miami University (Ohio)<br>
2004-2005
Kaye Thompson-Rogers, Ph.D.<br>
Jackson State University<br>
2005-2006
Ivan B. Turnispeed, Ph.D.<br>
University of Nevada-Las Vegas<br>
2006-2007
Nameka R. Bates, MS<br>
University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign<br>
2007-2009
Tina L. Ligon, MA, MLS.<br>
University of Maryland College Park<br>
2009-2010
Antonio White, MA<br>
Morgan State University<br>
2010-2011
Lauren Williams, MPA<br>
Clark Atlanta University<br>
2011-2012
Anta Sane, MBA, MSL<br>
Howard University<br>
2012-
Past National Conferences.
Social Science Research on Black America <br>
1st NBGSC <br>
University of Michigan<br>
Ann Arbor, Michigan <br>
May 25–28, 1989
Global Perspective on Black Cultures<br>
2nd Annual NBGSC<br>
Mississippi State University<br>
Mississippi State, Mississippi<br>
May 17–20, 1990
Research and Service: Black Intellectual Activism on the Horizon of the Twenty First Century<br>
3rd Annual NBGSC<br>
University of California, Berkeley<br>
Berkeley, California<br>
May 30-June 2, 1991
The Research Problem: Black Scholarly Activism on the Horizon of the 21st Century<br>
4th Annual NBGSC<br>
Howard University<br>
Washington, D.C.<br>
May 21–24, 1992
Cultivating a Vision: The Black Community in the Midst of Global Change<br>
5th Annual NBGSC<br>
University of Minnesota<br>
Minneapolis, Minnesota<br>
May 27–30, 1993
Promoting the African Diaspora through Education<br>
6th Annual NBGSC<br>
Mississippi State University<br>
Mississippi State, Mississippi<br>
May 18–22, 1994
From Many, One: People of the African Diaspora<br>
7th Annual NBGSC<br>
University of Florida<br>
Gainesville, Florida<br>
May 24–28, 1995
Bridging the Gap between Academia and the African Community<br>
8th Annual NBGSC<br>
Claremont Graduate University<br>
Claremont, California
Making our Future by the Best Use of Our Present<br>
9th Annual NBGSC<br>
Alliance of Black Graduate and Professional Students of the University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill in collaboration with the North Carolina Triangle Area Black Graduate Student Alliance<br>
North Carolina<br>
May 21–25, 1997
The Future of Diversity in Higher Education<br>
10th Annual NBGSC<br>
University of Texas at Austin<br>
Austin, Texas<br>
May 27–30, 1998
Expanding Our Ranks: Black Scholars in the New Millennium<br>
11th Annual NBGSC<br>
Baton Rouge Hilton<br>
Louisiana State University<br>
Baton Rouge, Louisiana<br>
May 26–30, 1999
Facing the Challenge: Black Leadership 2000 and Beyond<br>
12th Annual NBGSC<br>
University of Wisconsin-Madison<br>
Madison, Wisconsin<br>
March 29–April 1, 2000
Building the Vision Black Scholars in the World of Education and Beyond<br>
13th Annual NBGSC<br>
Texas Tech University<br>
Lubbock, Texas<br>
March 28–April 1, 2001
Black Scholars: Connecting Community and Scholarship<br>
14th Annual NBGSC<br>
Howard University<br>
Washington, D.C.<br>
March 27–31, 2002 
Celebrating 15 Years of the NBGSC: Making a Difference in the Community through Leadership, Scholarship and Service<br>
15th Annual NBGSC<br>
Renaissance Atlanta Hotel Downtown<br>
Atlanta, Georgia<br>
March 19–23, 2003 
Higher Education in Changing Times<br>
16th Annual NBGSC<br>
Kingsgate Marriott Conference Hotel at the University of Cincinnati<br>
Cincinnati, Ohio<br>
March 24–28, 2004 
Mission Possible: Taking Back the Black Community<br>
17th Annual NBGSC<br>
Hilton Charlotte Center City<br>
Charlotte, North Carolina<br>
March 16–20, 2005 
Positively 'Facing the Rising Sun'<br>
18th Annual NBGSC<br>
Alexis Park Resort Hotel<br>
Las Vegas, Nevada<br>
March 15–19, 2006 
Heirs of the Dream: Building on a Tradition of Intellectual Excellence<br>
19th Annual NBGSC<br>
Radisson Plaza Lord Baltimore<br>
Baltimore, Maryland<br>
March 21–25, 2007 
Brilliance in Black<br>
20th Annual NBGSC<br>
Four Points Sheraton at O’Hare<br>
Chicago, Illinois<br>
March 12–16, 2008 
Empowered. Engaged. Expect It!<br>
21st Annual NBGSC<br>
Doubletree Hotel Houston Downtown<br>
Houston, Texas<br>
March 11–15, 2009
Pioneering the Change Within<br>
22nd Annual NBGSC<br>
Hilton Del Mar<br>
San Diego, California<br>
March 10–14, 2010
Transforming Roads Ahead<br>
23rd Annual NBGSC<br>
Radisson Hotel Columbia and Conference Center<br>
Columbia, South Carolina<br>
March 9–13, 2011
Claiming Your Place in Uncommon Spaces<br>
24th Annual NBGSC<br>
Radisson Hotel Valley Forge<br>
Valley Forge, PA<br>
March 14–17, 2012
Honoring The Past, Defining The Future<br>
25th Annual NBGSC<br>
The Henry Hotel - Autograph Collection<br>
Dearborn, MI<br>
March 6–10, 2013
Past Regional Conferences.
2004.
Mobilizing the West: Achieving Success and Making a Difference!<br>
University of Nevada, Las Vegas<br>
Las Vegas, Nevada<br>
August 1–3, 2004
2006.
Continuing the Dream of Intellectual Excellence<br>
Norfolk State University<br>
Norfolk, Virginia<br>
October 27–28, 2006
Putting the Dream Together<br>
Howard University<br>
Washington, D. C.<br>
November 3–4, 2006
Birthrights and Blueprints: Black Intellectualism in the American West<br>
University of California, Los Angeles<br>
Los Angeles, California<br>
November 17–18, 2006
Growing with NBGSA<br>
University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign<br>
Urbana, Illinois<br>
December 1–3, 2006
2007.
Fulfilling the Legacy of Black Achievements<br>
University of Maryland College Park<br>
College Park, Maryland<br>
September 21–23, 2007
Revitalizing the Black Intellectual Movement<br>
Marriot at Research Triangle Park<br>
Durham, North Carolina<br>
November 11–13, 2007
Establishing the Vision for the Future<br>
Purdue University<br>
West Lafayette, Indiana<br>
November 30-December 2, 2007
Reflection of Black Renaissance: Continuing their Legacy<br>
Fuller Theological Seminary<br>
Pasadena, California<br>
December 7–9, 2007
2008.
Yes We Can: Decreasing the Disparity of Blacks in Academia<br>
Minnesota State University, Mankato<br>
Mankato, Minnesota<br>
September 26–27, 2008
His Dream, His Legacy, Our Destiny<br>
University of Arizona<br>
Tucson, Arizona<br>
October 3–5, 2008
The Fierce Urgency of Now: Black Scholars in a Rapidly Changing World<br>
Bloomsburg University of Pennsylvania<br>
Bloomsburg, Pennsylvania<br>
November 14–16, 2008
2009.
B.R.I.D.G.E. Building Relationships by Instilling Diversity in Graduate Education<br>
Jackson State University<br>
Jackson, Mississippi<br>
October 1–3, 2009
A Community of Scholars: Re-Establishing Purpose Remembering our Identities, Re-Stating our Commitments<br>
University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign<br>
Urbana, Illinois<br>
October 2–3, 2009
Still We Rise: Only through Sharing History can You Empower Yourself<br>
Arizona State University<br>
Tempe, Arizona<br>
October 16–18, 2009
The Power of Definition: Navigating from Invisible Places to Visible Spaces<br>
Morgan State University<br>
Baltimore, Maryland<br>
October 16–17, 2009
Metamorphosis: Changing Yourself by Changing Your Motives<br>
University of South Carolina<br>
Columbia, South Carolina<br>
November 13–15, 2009
2010.
Finding the Perfect Fit: Keys to Unlocking Self-Potential"
Mississippi State University<br>
Mississippi State, Mississippi<br>
October 1–2, 2010
Empowering and Integrating Black Scholars: Looking Back, Reaching Out, Moving Forward in Institutions of Higher Learning<br>
University of Oregon<br>
Eugene, Oregon<br>
October 8–10, 2010
Engagement, Consciousness and Pride: Leadership in the Pan African Community<br>
University of Cincinnati<br>
Cincinnati, Ohio<br>
November 2010
Contact Information.
National Black Graduate Student Association, Inc.<br>
MSC 590507 <br>
Washington, D.C., 20059 <br>
Tel/Fax: (800) 471-4102<br>
email: nationaloffice@nbgsa.org<br>
website: www.nbgsa.org

</doc>
<doc id="18356433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18356433" title="Joseph Vivien">
Joseph Vivien

Joseph Vivien (1657 – 5 December 1735) was a French painter of Lyon.
He left his native Lyon for Paris at the age of twenty and found employment in the large atelier of Charles Le Brun, the equivalent of an academy. He made his reputation by his portraits in pastels, to which he gave a sparkle and immediacy hitherto unreached in that medium.
He was received in the Académie royale de peinture et de sculpture in 1701, under the designation "peintre en pastel". He was appointed counsellor to the Academy and provided lodging under royal auspices at the royal manufactory of the Gobelins. 
From Paris he visited Brussels. Vivien was taken up by the francophil Elector of Cologne and worked at Munich, as first painter to the Elector's brother, Maximilian Emmanuel, Elector of Bavaria. At the time of his death at Bonn, he was engaged on a vast canvas combining portraits of the whole family of the Elector, in oils. 

</doc>
<doc id="18356449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18356449" title="Jacquelin Magnay">
Jacquelin Magnay

Jacquelin Magnay is an Australian journalist who wrote for the Sydney Morning Herald from 1992 to 2009. In November 2009 she was appointed as Olympics editor for the Telegraph Media Group in the United Kingdom.
Career.
Trained as a teacher, Jacquelin Magnay started in journalism at the St George and Sutherland Shire Leader and within six months was the sports editor. Magnay started at the Sydney Morning Herald in 1992 and has worked in the paper's Canberra bureau. She was the Herald's Olympics writer in the lead up to the Sydney Olympics and continued to cover the Olympics for the paper.
Magnay made headlines in 1993 by demanding access for female reporters to after-game locker rooms for interviews. She was prompted to take action when radio commentator and Balmain Tigers coach Alan Jones told her to stop behaving like a temperamental schoolgirl. Magnay was successful in her complaint to the Human Rights and Equal Opportunities Commission about dressing room access, forcing the Balmain rugby league club to issue a public apology in late 1995. This action set a universal standard of gender equality involving sports journalism across Australian sports. But Magnay's actions have attracted harsh comments from male Australian counterparts, such as being told told "get home and wash the dishes" by former AFL footballer-turned-Triple M radio commentator Danny Frawley.
Magnay won a Walkley Award in 2004 for a series of articles on a drugs scandal involving Australian Institute of Sport cyclists. She was highly commended by the Walkley judges in 2003, along with her colleague Roy Masters for the coverage of the Shane Warne drug scandal. She was a finalist in the Walkley awards, with co-author Gerard Ryle in 2007 and in 2008 for investigation of the Firepower Pill.
She was a regular contributor to the Sunday morning ABC sports program Offsiders, hosted by Barrie Cassidy. She was also a regular panellist on The NRL Footy Show and contributed a weekly radio segment on 666 ABC Canberra.
In November 2009 Magnay was appointed to the new post of Olympics editor for the Telegraph Media Group in the United Kingdom, covering the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver and the 2012 Summer Olympics in London for the Daily Telegraph and the Sunday Telegraph.

</doc>
<doc id="18356459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18356459" title="Lee-Longsworth House">
Lee-Longsworth House

The Lee-Longsworth House in Bolivar, West Virginia, is an example of the transition from Georgian style architecture to the Federal style. It preserves significant features of interior woodwork, and is associated with the Lee family of Virginia. The property was in 1799 leased by its then owner, Thomas Wilson, to the US Government. At some point after that time, the property was purchased by Richard B. Lee, his wife Elizabeth, Edmond I. Lee and Walton Jones to Ferdinando Fairfax for $3000, subject to the government lease. 
Throughout the nineteenth century the house changed hands frequently and was entangled in a number of court proceedings. During the American Civil War it is alleged that Stonewall Jackson occupied the house for a brief time, 

</doc>
<doc id="18356461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18356461" title="Production support">
Production support

Production support is the practices and disciplines of supporting the IT systems/applications which are currently being used by the end users. A production support person/team is responsible for receiving incidents and requests from end-users, analyzing these and either responding to the end user with a solution or escalating it to the other IT teams. These teams may include developers, system engineers and database administrators.
The importance of production support.
In order to understand the importance of production support, one needs to take a few factors into account.
From the factors listed above, one can see that the way in which production support is managed, is extremely crucial.
Production Support Steps.
The major steps for Production Support are as below. These Production Support steps are in context of the Batch processing.
Recording Production Error.
Usually a batch job or group of related batch jobs (schedule/stream) runs to accomplish one or more business functions. These batch jobs run unattended and normally complete without any errors or issues. However, sometimes the batch job can have a break/interruption/abend/abort. There could be several reasons why a job could abend.
When a job abends, it can send out an automated alert notification via e-mail, page, text. Also, data center or operations team is also actively monitoring the jobs. They also send alert notification using e-mail, page, text or they can call the on call person responsible for the recovery of the abended job.
The on call person acknowledges the e-mail, page, text or phone call for the abended job. The on call person also records the abended job details in a production issue tracking system. Sometimes, the abended job automatically records the job abend details along with job standard list (job log) in a production issue tracking system. The abended job details (job standard list, error log files, etc.) are available in the production job scheduler tool. The Production issue tracking tool creates a request number and this request number is given to the support team. This request number is used to track the progress of the production support issue. The request is assigned to on call support team person.
Notification of Production Error.
For critical Production Errors (e.g. Production job is in critical path and is likely to delay the batch completion SLAs and if the Production error is impacting business data), an e-mail is sent to entire organization or impacted teams so that they are aware of the issue. They are also provided with the estimated time for Production error recovery.
Investigation or Analysis of Production Error.
The Production support team on call person collects all the necessary information about the Production error. This information is then recorded in the Production error tracking tool using the correct support request number previously assigned. All the details such as data, environment, process, program logic that failed is used in the investigation. Production batch job, program used or any tool/utility used is reviewed for any possible errors.
Resolution of Production Error.
If similar Production error occurred in the past then the issue resolution steps are retrieved from the support knowledge base and error is resolved using those steps. If it is a new Production error then new Production error resolution steps are created and Production error is resolved. The new Production error resolution steps are recorded in the knowledge base for the future usage. For major Production errors (critical infrastructure or application failures), a phone conference call is initiated and all required support persons/teams join the call and they all work together to resolve the error. This is also called as an Incident Management. If a problem occurs repeatedly then it is recorded and tracked using appropriate tools and processes until it is resolved permanently. This is also called as Problem Management. The issue is closed only after the customer or end user agrees that the problem is resolved.
Production job/program code correction.
If the Production error occurred due to programming errors then a request is created for the Development team to correct programming errors. Problem is identified, defined and root cause analysis is performed. The programming error is fixed using normal SDLC process - analysis/design/programming/QA/testing/release. The new version of the Production job/program is deployed and verified/validated.
Production Process correction.
If the Production error occurred due to job/schedule dependency issues or sequence issues then further analysis is done to find the correct sequence/dependencies. The new sequence/dependencies are verified and validated in Test environment before Production deployment.
Infrastructure Issue correction.
If the Production error occrrued due to infrastructure issues then the specific infrastructure team is notified. The infrastructure team then implements permanent fix for the issue and monitors the infrastructure to avoid same error again.
Production Support - Follow up and Reporting.
The Production error tracking system is used to review all issues periodically (daily, weekly and monthly) and reports are generated to monitor resolved issues, repeating issues, pending issues. Reports are also generated for the IT/IS management for improvement and management of Production jobs.

</doc>
<doc id="18356481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18356481" title="Brunei National Roads System">
Brunei National Roads System

Brunei National Roads System (Malay; Sistem Jalan Kebangsaan Brunei: Jawi; سيستم جالن كبڠسأن بروني) is the main national road network in Brunei. It was built and maintained by the Public Works Department of Brunei (JKRB).
Major highways in Brunei are built under dual carriageway standards, while other roads are built as single carriageways. Road signs are coloured green with white text (white with black text for denoting nearby locations).
Speed limits.
The maximum speed limit for dual carriageways in Brunei is generally 100 km/h. Meanwhile, the maximum speed limit for single-carriageway roads is 80 km/h. Lower speed limits may apply in urban areas.

</doc>
<doc id="18356503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18356503" title="The Definitive Collection (Jeff Lorber album)">
The Definitive Collection (Jeff Lorber album)

The Definitive Collection is a compilation album of jazz fusion songs by American pianist Jeff Lorber and was released in 2000 through Arista Records.
This album sampler includes tracks from albums released in 1977-1985 during Jeff Lorber's years with "The Jeff Lorber Fusion" group through 1981 and the beginning of his solo career in 1982. Songs such as "Tune 88" and "Toad's Place" were featured on The Weather Channel's "Local On The 8s" segments.

</doc>
<doc id="18356513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18356513" title="Muara–Tutong Highway">
Muara–Tutong Highway

Muara–Tutong Highway, (; Jawi: ليبوهراي توتوڠ-موارا) (National route ) is a major highway in Tutong and Brunei-Muara District, Brunei.

</doc>
<doc id="18356518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18356518" title="ShutterBox">
ShutterBox

ShutterBox is an original English-language manga written by Rikki Simons and Tavisha Wolfgarth-Simons. The first volume was published by Tokyopop in 2003. The second volume was published in July 2004. The third volume was released in August 2005 and the fourth volume was released in September 2007. As of September 22, 2011 five volumes have been released in eBook format and are available to buy on their shop.
Plot summary.
When Megan Amano dreams, she journeys to a place called Merridiah University, one of the afterlife's premier educational institutes. There she studies as an exchange student, learning the skills necessary to become a living muse. Traditionally, only spirits attend the university, where they are educated before being reborn into the world of the living. However, Megan is still alive. She attends college in Santa Monica, California by day and Merridiah University at night. One day, she finds mysterious pictures from the dream world in her digital camera. They reveal a mystery so deep that Megan is compelled to question her very existence and set forth on a quest to find the answers.
Volume 1.
Orientation, Damien, Adrien, and the Running of the Hyperpans
The story begins right after graduation of high school in Santa Monica. Megan Amano is wandering the beach trying to seek slight solitude from her friend Dagny and fellow students. While there she watches Adrien 'AJ' Crandall, a fellow high school graduate, walk into the freezing water and disappears. Later on, Megan is in therapy, requested by her mother Frankie, talking about her dreams to her therapist, Peiter Troia. She tells him about a place that she visits when she dreams, a place called Merridiah. While there she sees Adrien running through the fields. 
That night after her session, she heads home (which is next to her mother's) and falls asleep being sent to another part of Merridiah. After she meets the Beebos (flying rabbits) she meets Damien, AJ's twin brother. Once she is given a more sophisticated dress instead of her sleepwear, she is sent to the fields with a letter that she must give to AJ. She landed next to a banshee and accidentally gives it attention, causing it to explode. Megan continues her journey in finding muse. After she catches him (literally) she gives him his letter and he leaves her there, alone.
Volume 2.
First School Quarter
Volume 3.
Entry Exam
Volume 4.
The Angel of Childhood's End
Volume 5.
The Angel of Death Unbalanced

</doc>
<doc id="18356591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18356591" title="Mountain West Conference Baseball Tournament">
Mountain West Conference Baseball Tournament

The Mountain West Conference Baseball Tournament is the conference championship tournament in baseball for the Mountain West Conference. The winner of the tournament receives the conference's automatic bid to the NCAA Division I Baseball Tournament.
Tournament.
The Mountain West Conference Baseball Tournament is a six team double-elimination tournament held annually at various location in the Mountain West Conference region. The winner receives an automatic bid to the NCAA Division I Baseball Tournament. The other teams have to hope for an at-large bid.
History.
The Mountain West Conference Baseball Tournament began in 2000 as a six team double elimination tournament. It maintained that format through 2005. In 2006, with the addition of TCU, the tournament expanded to include all seven teams. However, in 2007 the format returned to a six team bracket, with the seventh place regular season team left out of the field. In 2012, with only five teams in the league, the tournament consisted of a four team double elimination tournament. For 2013, with six teams again competing in the conference, the format will return to a six team bracket, with all teams participating.
Champions.
By year.
Beginning with the 2013 season, the tournament will rotate through all six conference members home stadiums.

</doc>
<doc id="18356616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18356616" title="Mexico national football team record">
Mexico national football team record

This page describes Mexico's international record. Compiled from 1929 (the year Mexico joined FIFA) through the September 24, 2008 game with Chile.
Head-To-Head Table.
In Win - Draw - Loss format.
The following nations, and their national teams, no longer exist: Czechoslovakia, East Germany, Soviet Union and Yugoslavia.
"Note: Wins and losses by a Penalty Shootout are considered as wins and losses respectively. They are noted with a "^" and explained at the bottom of the page."
Percentages.
Win = 500/741 (70.10%)<br> 
Draw = 139/741 (16.80%)<br> 
Loss = 102/741 (13.10%)

</doc>
<doc id="18356690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18356690" title="Miss Mundo Dominicana 2007">
Miss Mundo Dominicana 2007

The Miss Mundo Dominicana 2007 pageant was held on July 14, 2007. Only 24 candidates competed for the national crown. The chosen winner represented the Dominican Republic at the Miss World 2007. They selected 2 delegates would be elected from each regions. Then they chose a delegate from each region and would get sashed with the name of the region and automatically would be in the Final 6. The first runner up represented the Dominican Republic in Miss América Latina 2008.
External links.
[http://www.voy.com/210036/]

</doc>
<doc id="18356712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18356712" title="My Friend (Zard song)">
My Friend (Zard song)

"My Friend" is the 17th single by pop rock band Zard and is the fourth closing theme song of the anime series "Slam Dunk". It debuted at number 1 on the Oricon chart. It sold over a million copies and became her third highest-selling single. When she died, it was elected as her third best song on the Oricon polls.

</doc>
<doc id="18356715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18356715" title="Church of the Company Fire">
Church of the Company Fire

Events.
The "Church of the Company of Jesus", () was a Jesuit church located in downtown Santiago, closely associated with the Marian cult. The day of the fire was the celebration of the Feast of the Immaculate Conception, one of the most popular festivities of the religious calendar, and the temple was adorned with a profusion of candles and oil lamps and wall coverings. In the main altar, a large statue of the virgin Mary stood over a half-moon that in itself was a huge candelabra.
That night, the fire started a few minutes before 7 PM, when an oil lamp at the top of the main altar ignited some of the veils that adorned the walls. (Some early accounts blamed a gas lamp, as people tried to make sense of the shocking tragedy amid old and new technology, but the church was not equipped with gas. The error, like the news itself, was copied by newspapers as far away as Australia.) By a flaw in design, the church of Campania had doors that swung inward which caused a large wind to push them open. One day a strong wind blew the doors open. This wind knocked a candle off the podium and disrupted the meeting of worshippers. The burning candle roared through the church which resulted in the church's destruction. More than 2500 people died in the fire.
Somebody tried to put it out by smothering it with another cloth, but managed only to make the fire jump over to the rest of the veils and from there on to the wood roof. The mostly women attendees panicked and tried to escape but the side doors had been closed in order to leave space to accommodate more people (they could be opened only inwards), leaving the main entrance as the only exit. Upon being notified of the tragedy, U.S. Envoy to Chile Thomas H. Nelson rushed to the scene and assisted in rescue operations. Several days after the fire, Nelson was recognized as a "true hero of Chile."
Aftermath.
Between 2,000 and 3,000 people perished in the fire, in a city that at the time had about 100,000 inhabitants. Entire families were wiped out. The cleanup of the bodies took about ten days, and since most of the bodies were burned beyond recognition, they were placed in a mass grave at the Cementerio General de Santiago. The remaining walls of the church were torn down, and a garden was planted in the place, with a statue placed at the site where the main altar used to be. A few years later a second statue replaced the first. The garden and the statues still exist. At present the second statue is part of the Ex Congreso Nacional gardens. The original statue is located at the main entrance of the Cementerio General de Santiago. The Church bells were sold for scrap and recovered and four made their way to Mumbles, Wales, where they were used to call people to worship, until being returned to Santiago in 2010.
Two of the returned bells now hang next to the statue in the Ex Congreso Nacional gardens, one in the courtyard of the Cuartel General de Bomberos, and one at the 14th Fire Company firehouse in Providencia. One bell stayed in Santiago, where it was hung in the Hermita de Santa Lucia on the Cerro Santa Lucia in 1872-3, the dent from where it fell marking it as a memorial.
The tragedy, and the fact that one of the contributing factors was the lack of an organized fire-brigade, motivated José Luis Claro y Cruz to organize the first Volunteer Firemen's Corps in Santiago, on December 20 of the same year. Fire brigades in Chile, even today, are still made up only of unpaid volunteers. New fire regulations also resulted, and the tragedy contributed to the partial secularization of Chilean government over the next two decades.
Workers excavating for a new line of the Santiago Metro uncovered an unexpected length of the eastern foundation of the church in November 2013. Some Santiaguinos are trying to have the foundation preserved as a memorial.

</doc>
<doc id="18356718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18356718" title="Malayan Dwarf">
Malayan Dwarf

The Malayan Dwarf is a variety of coconut palm. The palm is classified based on the nut color: ivory yellow nuts, apricot red nuts, and green nuts. The palm's resistance to the Lethal Yellowing disease is the characteristic that makes it to be one of the important dwarf types in the world.
Recognition of the Malayan Dwarf's resistance to lethal yellowing was in 1956 at Round Hill, Jamaica, where the Malayan Dwarfs affected by the disease was only a very small percentage.
The Maypan coconut palm is a "Dwarf"x"Tall" hybrid between the Malayan Dwarf and "Panama Tall". The "Dwarf"x"Tall" hybrid between the Malayan Dwarf (yellow) and "West African Tall" is locally known as "Mawa", in Ivory Coast, Mawa is known as "Port-Bouet-121".
Other types of dwarfs are: (in alphabetical order)

</doc>
<doc id="18356725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18356725" title="Not sold in stores">
Not sold in stores

Not sold in stores or not available in stores is a marketing strategy whereby goods are heavily advertised on television or online and purchased directly from the supplier or manufacturer. The order is usually placed through a 1-800 number call center and the payment by credit card (formerly C.O.D). The selling point of this approach is that the item is too "cutting edge" for a store. Conversely, the "not sold in stores" label can be interpreted to be a detriment, if one takes it to mean that no established retailers are willing to give their imprimatur to the merchandise.
In the last ten years, products "not sold in stores" have expanded from advertising on television almost exclusively to advertising on the internet. Selling on the internet also has reduced both the transaction costs of the selling through the automation of check-out and payment (no more paid phone operators) and the cost of the products themselves due to exemption from sales taxes. This trend of advertising on the internet has further distinguished the "not sold in stores" genre from that of "As seen on TV!".
Despite the increased internet activity, advertising on television remains the primary means that products marketed in this fashion reach the public eye. Since 1993 both the "not sold in stores" and the "as seen on TV" factions have moved from simple sixty-second commercials on late-night or cable television to one to three-hour long "infomercials".
"Not sold in stores" is beginning to be an advertising research tool. Items that do not actually exist are "sold" and the number of reactions determines whether the product might make a profit.

</doc>
<doc id="18356741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18356741" title="Robert M. Gray">
Robert M. Gray

Robert M. Gray (born November 1, 1943) is an American information theorist, and the Alcatel-Lucent Professor of Electrical Engineering at Stanford University in Palo Alto, California. He is best known for his contributions to quantization and compression, particularly the development of vector quantization.
Awards.
Gray received the 2008 Claude E. Shannon Award from the IEEE Information Theory Society, for his fundamental contributions to information theory, particularly in the area of quantization theory. He was also the recipient of the 2008 IEEE Jack S. Kilby Signal Processing Medal, the 1998 Golden Jubilee Award for Technological Innovation from the IEEE Information Theory Society, and the 1993 IEEE Signal Processing Society Award.
Gray received the 2002 Presidential Award for Excellence in Science, Mathematics and Engineering Mentoring. This award reflects the impact he has had on engineering theory and practice through his students; he has advised 50 Ph.D. students, including 13 women Ph.D.'s.
Amongst other honors, he was elected to the National Academy of Engineering in 2007, and received the IEEE Third Millennium Medal in 2000.
Early life.
Born in 1943 in San Diego, Gray grew up in Coronado, California. He was a middle child in a family of five.
Gray followed his two older brothers to the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. He earned the B.S. and M.S. in Electrical Engineering from MIT in 1966, where he was a classmate of Lawrence Rabiner. Gray earned the Ph.D. in Electrical Engineering from University of Southern California in 1969; his Ph.D. advisor was Robert A. Scholtz. During his graduate school years, he played guitar in the rock band (unprintable).
He began his career at the US Naval Ordnance Laboratory, following a family naval tradition.
Books.
Gray has written or co-authored a number of technical texts, including:
Gray is also an amateur historian and has collected together some historical letters from diplomats into books:
Notable professional service.
Gray is currently Editor-in-Chief of "Foundations and Trends in Signal Processing". He has also been Editor-in-Chief of the "IEEE Trans. on Information Theory" (1981–1983), and served on the IEEE Information Theory Society Board of Governors (1974–1980, 1984–1987) and IEEE Signal Processing Society Board of Governors (1999–2001).

</doc>
<doc id="18356747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18356747" title="Edwin Díaz">
Edwin Díaz

Edwin Rosario Díaz (born January 15, 1975 in Bayamon, Puerto Rico) is a former Major League Baseball second baseman. He started as the second baseman for the Arizona Diamondbacks in their inaugural regular season game. He finished his career with 2 hits in 7 games.
External links.
- http://edwindiaz.com
total bullshi!!!

</doc>
<doc id="18356796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18356796" title="Picker (surname)">
Picker (surname)

Picker is a surname found in the English-speaking world. Many people with this surname are Jewish and emigrated, or are descendants of those who emigrated, from parts of eastern europe, including Russia, Belarus and Poland, in the late 1800's and early 1900's. 

</doc>
<doc id="18356800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18356800" title="List of parties to the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty">
List of parties to the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty

The contracting states to the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty (CTBT) are the states that have signed and ratified the international agreement banning all nuclear explosions in all environments. Technically they will not be "parties" until the treaty enters into force, at which point these states will also be Member States of the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty Organization (CTBTO). Non-contracting states are also listed, including those that are signatories and those are not. States Signatories are Members of the CTBTO Preparatory Commission.
On September 24, 1996, the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty (CTBT) was opened for signature. All five nuclear weapons states recognized under the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty (China, France, Russia, the United Kingdom, and the United States) signed the treaty, with 66 other states following that day. Fiji became the first state to ratify the treaty on October 10, 1996. Currently, 183 states have signed and 162 states have ratified the treaty. Most recently, Niue signed and ratified the treaty on April 9, 2012 and March 4, 2014 respectively.
Signatures are received at the United Nations Headquarters in New York City by authorized representatives of the state. Ratification is achieved with the approval of either or both chamber of the legislature and executive of the state. The instrument of ratification serves as the document binding the state to the international treaty and can be accepted only with the validating signature of the head of state or other official with full powers to sign it. The instrument is deposited with the Secretary-General of the United Nations.
Under the CTBT, there are 195 Annex 1 states which include a subset of 44 Annex 2 states.

</doc>
<doc id="18356804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18356804" title="Georg Lotheissen">
Georg Lotheissen

Georg Lotheissen (September 14, 1868 - October 28, 1941) was an Austrian surgeon born in Geneva, Switzerland.
In 1892 he earned his medical doctorate in Vienna, and following graduation was an assistant to Emil Zuckerkandl (1849-1910), and a surgical apprentice under Theodor Billroth (1829-1894) and Carl Gussenbauer (1842-1903). From 1895 to 1901, he served as first assistant to Viktor von Hacker (1852-1933) at the surgical clinic at Innsbruck, where in 1899 he received his habilitation in surgery. In 1902 he returned to Vienna, where in 1915 he became an associate professor.
Lotheissen made important contributions in his work involving esophageal surgery and hernia repair. In 1897 he was the first surgeon to suture the conjoint tendon to Cooper's (pectineal) ligament, an operation he performed on a patient with a recurrent inguinal hernia. Decades later, American surgeon Chester McVay (1911-1987) popularized the operation, and this procedure is now referred to as a "Lotheissen-McVay herniotomy". His name is also associated with "Lotheissen's operation", sometimes known as "Lotheissen‘s trans-inguinal approach". This surgery involves operating for femoral hernia through the posterior wall of the inguinal canal.

</doc>
<doc id="18356812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18356812" title="10.5 cm hruby kanon vz. 35">
10.5 cm hruby kanon vz. 35

The 10.5 cm hrubý kanón vz. 35 (Heavy Gun model 35) was a Czech field gun used in the Second World War. Those weapons captured after the German invasion of Czechoslovakia in March 1939 were taken into Wehrmacht service as the 10.5 cm K 35(t). Former Yugoslav guns were designated as the 10.5 cm Kanone 339(j). It was used by a variety of German units during World War II, especially on coastal defense duties. 36 were in service with the Slovak Army.
Design & History.
It was designed solely for motor traction. It fired HE, canister and semi-armor piercing shells.

</doc>
<doc id="18356967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18356967" title="Valentin Toledo">
Valentin Toledo

Valentin Toledo is a Spanish painter currently living in Los Angeles, California. He was born in Seville, Spain and worked for many years as an Art Director for prominent European magazines including "Vogue", "Marie Claire", and "Elle". He also worked as an illustrator for which he was awarded with the LAUS prize for Outstanding Achievement in Illustration and as a photographer he received an award from the French Ministry of Tourism.
Toledo published a book of photographs titled "USA", which is distributed exclusively in museums throughout Europe and Asia.
He is now most recognized for his intricate, abstract works on glass. Toledo’s paintings have shown in Madrid, Barcelona, London, Seville, Paris, Frankfurt, throughout Mexico, Los Angeles and New York.

</doc>
<doc id="18357006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18357006" title="Maysoon Zayid">
Maysoon Zayid

Maysoon Zayid () is an American actress, comedian and advocate who is of Palestinian descent. She was born in New Jersey in 1974. She described herself in a BBC interview as "a Palestinian Muslim virgin with cerebral palsy, from New Jersey, who is an actress, comedian and activist". Zayid has been a resident of Cliffside Park, New Jersey. She is considered one of America's first Muslim women comedians and the first person ever to perform standup in Palestine and Jordan.
Acting career.
Zayid earned her BFA in acting from Arizona State University. She started her acting career by appearing on the popular soap opera "As the World Turns" for two years, as well as guest appearances on "Law & Order", "NBC Nightly News" and ABC's "20/20". Zayid also had a role in the 2008 Adam Sandler film, "You Don't Mess with the Zohan".
In the fall of 2006, Maysoon debuted her one-woman show "Little American Whore" (LAW) at Los Angeles's Comedy Central stage; it was produced and directed by Kathy Najimy. In 2008, LAW's screenplay was chosen for the Sundance Screenwriters Lab. Production began with Maysoon as the lead in the fall of 2009.
Comedy and activism.
During her early acting experiences, she found her disability and ethnicity repeatedly limiting to her advancement. Zayid then turned to stand-up and began appearing at New York's top clubs, including Caroline's, Gotham, and Stand Up NY, where she takes on serious topics such as terrorism and the Israel-Palestine conflict.
She co-founded the New York Arab-American Comedy Festival in 2003 with comedian Dean Obeidallah. This highly acclaimed, first-of-its-kind festival has received national and international media coverage. It is held annually in New York City and showcases Arab-American comics, actors, playwrights and filmmakers.
She usually tours by herself or as a special guest on the Axis of Evil Comedy Tour. She also co-hosts the radio show "Fann Majnoon" () (Crazy Art) with Obeidallah.
Maysoon can also be seen in the upcoming documentary, The Muslims Are Coming!, which features a group of Muslim American stand up comedians touring the United States in an effort to counter Islamophobia. The film also features various celebrities including Jon Stewart, David Cross, Janeane Garofalo, Rachel Maddow and others.
She appeared on "Countdown with Keith Olbermann" several times and on the "Melissa Harris-Perry" end-of-2012 wrap-up show on December 30, as part of a panel of comedian commentators.
She also present at TED annual conference.
Charity work.
Zayid spends three months a year in the Palestinian territories, running an arts program for disabled and orphaned children in refugee camps. She helps the children use art to deal with trauma and bridge the gap between disabled and non-disabled children. Eighty percent of the funding for the camps comes from her comedy work.

</doc>
<doc id="18357058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18357058" title="Garden of Earthly Delights (disambiguation)">
Garden of Earthly Delights (disambiguation)

The Garden of Earthly Delights is a painting by Hieronymus Bosch.
Garden of Earthly Delights may also refer to:
In literature:
In film/theatre:
In music:

</doc>
<doc id="18357069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18357069" title="Brian Crouser">
Brian Crouser

Brian David Crouser (born August 9, 1962) is a retired male javelin thrower from the United States, who twice (1988 and 1992) competed at the Summer Olympics during his career.
Biography.
Brian Crouser was born to Larry and Marie Crouser, in early August 1962. At the age of nine, Brian witnessed a life-altering event. This event was the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich, Germany. He immediately became interested in the throwing events, practicing the shot, discus, and javelin, in his backyard in a quiet, suburban, neighborhood in Gresham, Oregon. Brian attended Gresham High School, and participated in track and field. In 1981, while attending Gresham, Brian became the first boy to win the state championship in all three throwing events (Shot-put, Javelin, and Discus).
College.
After graduating high school, Brian was quickly offered a full-ride scholarship by the University of Oregon in Eugene. He accepted, and began his college career in 1982. Crouser quickly made a name for himself at Oregon, when he became the first college freshman ever to win the NCAA javelin title, with a mark of 274'7". That throw earned Brian a top-three national ranking.
Battling injuries his sophomore and junior track seasons, Crouser was able to pull through, and win the Pac-10 javelin crown his junior year with a toss of 272'7". He was able to repeat this his senior year, where he once again won the Pac-10 javelin championship, with a throw of 283'8".
On May 5, 1985, Brian set an all-time collegiate record with a throw of 312'0".
A Setback.
Crouser was diagnosed with cancer in the spring of 1986, which was in the middle of his senior year at Oregon.
He began treatment and had surgery on April 18, within a week of the diagnosis. Crouser, during his stay at Bess Kaiser Hospital, with the eternal love of throwing, was often seen practicing his steps and crossovers in the halls. Brian's determination and perseverance was demonstrated when he was presented with a clean bill-of-health in late May, 1986.
The first year the new javelin implement was introduced, Crouser became the world-record holder, with a throw of 262'0".
Olympian Emerges.
After graduating college in 1986, Crouser immediately set his sights on making the 1988 Olympic team. He continued training, and in the summer of 1988, he placed in the Olympic Trials in Indianapolis, Indiana. He went on to represent the United States, and place in the World's top thirty athletes at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul.
Crouser trained for the next four years, and he made the 1992 U.S. Olympic team in Barcelona. He again placed in the world's top thirty athletes.
Personal life.
Crouser currently resides in Troutdale, Oregon, with his wife Laurie, and his two boys, Cory and Cody. He lives just miles from his childhood home.

</doc>
<doc id="18357110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18357110" title="The Art of War (EP)">
The Art of War (EP)

The Art of War is an EP by the Polish death metal band Vader. It was released on November 14, 2005 by Regain Records in Europe, and Mystic Production in Poland. Japanese editition was released on November 23, 2005 by Avalon Marquee, and contains bonus track "Die!!!! (Giń Psie)".
The Art of War was recorded in June 2005 at Hertz Studio in Białystok, Poland produced by Wojtek & Sławek Wiesławscy. Photo session was made by Krzysztof "Sado" Sadowski, and it took place at Błędów Desert in Poland. A music video was shot for the song "This Is the War" which was produced and directed by Arkadiusz Jurcan. Screenshots from video have been used as cover art, and layout. The EP is the first Vader release that features guitarist Maurycy "Mauser" Stefanowicz as composer.
Tracks "Para Bellum" and "Banners on the Wind" are intros created by Krzysztof "Siegmar" Oloś from the symphonic black metal band Vesania. It is dedicated to a former drummer of Vader, Krzysztof "Docent" Raczkowski, who died approximately three months before this EP's release.
Personnel.
Production and performance credits are adapted from the album liner notes.

</doc>
<doc id="18357168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18357168" title="Jon Shave">
Jon Shave

Jonathan Taylor Shave (born November 4, 1967, in Waycross, Georgia) is a former Major League infielder who played for the Texas Rangers and the Minnesota Twins.

</doc>
<doc id="18357172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18357172" title="Dhauti">
Dhauti

Dhauti is an important part of the Shatkarma (sometimes known as Shatkriya), 
the yogic system of body cleansing techniques. It is intended mainly to the cleaning of the digestive tract in its full length but it affects also the respiratory tract, external ears and eyes. According to Gheranda Samhita, it is divided into four parts: Antar (internal) dhauti, Danta (teeth) dhauti, Hrid (cardiac or chest region) dhauti and Moola shodhana (rectal cleansing).
Further reading.
The Yoga Book, Stephen Sturgess, ISBN 1-85230-972-5 (p117-122)

</doc>
<doc id="18357190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18357190" title="Lothar Baier">
Lothar Baier

Lothar Baier (May 16, 1942 – July 11, 2004) was a German author, publisher, translator and co-founder of the Literary periodical text + kritik.
He was accepted as one of the most profound German thinkers of the Francophone World and was recognized with the 1982 Jean Améry Prize for Essayists and with the 2003 Gerrit Engelke Prize. Baier published amongst others in the "Merkur", in the "Kursbuch" and in the Deutschlandfunk and was for many years the editor of the Die Wochenzeitung (WOZ) in Zürich.
On 11 July 2004, Baier committed suicide in Montreal, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="18357242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18357242" title="2003 Tecate Telmex Monterrey Grand Prix">
2003 Tecate Telmex Monterrey Grand Prix

The 2003 Tecate Telmex Monterrey Grand Prix was the second round of the 2003 CART World Series season, held on March 23, 2003 on the streets of Parque Fundidora in Monterrey, Nuevo León, Mexico.
Qualifying results.
Paul Tracy and Jimmy Vasser missed the second qualification session after crashes damaged their cars during practice. Patrick Carpentier missed the same session because of an illness, choosing to rest for the race on Sunday.

</doc>
<doc id="18357249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18357249" title="Louisiana Community and Technical College System">
Louisiana Community and Technical College System

The Louisiana Community and Technical College System manages all of the ten public 2-year institutions in the state of Louisiana. It is headquartered in Baton Rouge, and is located on the Baton Rouge Community College campus. The chair of the Board of Supervisors is Vincent St. Blanc III, and the President is Dr. Joe D. May.

</doc>
<doc id="18357284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18357284" title="Nelson Pizarro">
Nelson Pizarro

Nelson Pizarro (born July 8, 1985 in Pembroke Pines, Florida) is an American soccer player currently playing for Los Angeles Blues in the USL Professional Division.
Career.
College and amateur.
Pizarro played college soccer for Lincoln Memorial University. His style of attacking football was adored by fans and was extremely successful. The reason for this is growing up Nelson never played 11 aside soccer instead learning the game at his families indoor and 5 aside facility in Florida. He played with adults at a very young age and became a very technically gifted player with strength to match.
He regularly scored goals in big matches and could be utilized by the coaching staff in many positions including central defence and as a wide midfielder or full back. However, his most effective position is an attacking midfielder due to his technical ability and effective runs into the box. 
As a sophomore at LMU he won several awards including a Gulf South Conference Championship. In his upperlassman career he won more awards including All-American honors as he captained the team to not only another conference championship, this time the South Atlantic Conference, but two regional championships, a final four berth in 2006 and in his last game at the University the National Championship final against Franklin Pierce University in 2007. 
During his college years Pizarro also played in the USL Premier Development League for Ventura County Fusion,
Professional.
Pizarro was signed to a developmental contract by Kansas City Wizards on April 30, 2008 after impressing head coach Curt Onalfo and GM Peter Vermes during a two-day open tryout . He made his full professional debut for the Wizards on 8 July 2008, in a US Open Cup quarter final game against the Seattle Sounders.
He was waived by the Wizards in May, 2009. He later signed with USL-1 side Miami FC, and played 8 games for the Blues before being released at the end of the season.
Having been able to sign with a professional club elsewhere, Pizarro moved to California to play an exhibition season with the reborn San Diego Flash in 2010, in preparation for their return to full competition in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="18357287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18357287" title="Shokichi Iyanaga">
Shokichi Iyanaga

Early life.
Iyanaga was born in Tokyo, Japan on April 2, 1906. He studied at the University of Tokyo from 1926 to 1929. He studied under Teiji Takagi. As an undergraduate, he published two papers in the "Japanese Journal of Mathematics" and the "Proceedings of the Imperial Academy of Tokyo". Both of his papers appeared in print in 1928. After completing his undergraduate degree in 1929, he stayed at Tokyo and worked under Takagi for his doctorate. He completed his Ph.D. in mathematics 1931.
Years in Europe.
In 1931, Iyanaga obtained a scholarship from the French government. He also went to Hamburg, Germany where he studied with Austrian mathematician Emil Artin. In 1932, he attended the International Congress of Mathematicians in Zurich. During his time in Europe, he met with top mathematicians such as Claude Chevalley, Henri Cartan, and others.
Academic career.
Iyanaga returned to Tokyo in 1934 and was appointed Assistant Professor at the University of Tokyo. From 1935 to 1939, he didn't publish any research papers. According to Iyanaga, it was because of the pressure of teaching and other business to which he was not accustomed. He managed to solve a question of Artin on generalizing the principal ideal theorem and this was published in 1939.
Iyanaga did publish many papers which arose through several courses such as algebraic topology, functional analysis, and geometry, which he taught. He became Professor at the University of Tokyo in 1942. It was during World War II. Towards the end of the war, many Japanese cities were bombarded and he had to find refuge in the countryside. He was busy in editing textbooks from primary and secondary schools and he continued to give courses and organise seminars.
After the end of the war, he joined the Science Council of Japan in 1947. He became a member of the Executive Committee of the International Mathematical Union in 1952. He was responsible for organizing the International Congress of Mathematicians in Amsterdam in 1954, which he attended. He was President of the International Commission on Mathematical Instruction from 1957 to 1978.
Iyanaga spent the year 1961-62 at the University of Chicago. He became Dean of the faculty of Science at the University of Tokyo in 1965, a position he held until his retirement in 1967. After his retirement, he was a visiting professor during 1967-68 at the University of Nancy in France. From 1967 to 1977, he was a professor at Gakushuin University in Tokyo.
Honors and awards.
Iyanaga received several honors and awards for his work. He received the Rising Sun from Japan in 1976. He was elected a member of the Japan Academy in 1978. He received the Légion d'honneur in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="18357320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18357320" title="Harry Lange">
Harry Lange

Harry Lange may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18357337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18357337" title="I Love Cinema">
I Love Cinema

I Love Cinema () is a 2004 Egyptian film directed by Osama Fawzy. It was Egypt's submission to the 77th Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film, but was not accepted as a nominee.
External links.
Titre original: Baheb El Cima
Durée: 2h05min
Scénario: Hany Fawzy
Image: Tarek El Telmissany
Montage: Khaled Merhi
Type: Fiction
Genre: Comédie
Acteurs: Laila Eloui (Ne'mat)- Mahmoud Hemeida (Adly)- Mena Shalaby (soeur de Ne'mat)- Aida Abd El Aziz (mère de Ne'mat)- Youssef Osman (Naeem)- Edward - Raouf Mustafa
Il s'agit d'une histoire des années 1966 dans un quartier du Caire, Choubra.

</doc>
<doc id="18357339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18357339" title="Harry Lange (film designer)">
Harry Lange (film designer)

Hans Kurt ("Harry") Lange (December 7, 1930 – May 22, 2008) was a German film production designer and art director.
Lange was born in 1930 in Eisenach, Thuringia. After World War II, Thuringia became part of Soviet-controlled East Germany; Lange escaped across the border to West Germany, where he studied art before moving to the United States in 1951. Upon arriving in the United States, Lange worked in advertising. During the Korean War, Lange worked for the U.S. military, illustrating flying manuals.
Subsequently he began working at the Army Ballistic Missile Agency and then headed the future projects section at NASA, working on spacecraft designs alongside Wernher von Braun. Whilst at NASA, Lange met the author Arthur C. Clarke, who introduced him to the film director Stanley Kubrick. Kubrick offered Lange a job at his production company, using his astronautical design experience to produce authentic prop and set designs for a project Kubrick and Clarke were working on entitled "Journey to the Stars". The project was renamed as "" (released in 1968), and the film's design team, including Lange, were nominated for the Academy Award for Best Art Direction. Although "2001" lost to "Oliver!", Lange and his team did win the BAFTA Award for Best Production Design in that year.
Although best known for "2001", Lange worked on a number of well-known films during his career. He was art director for the James Bond film "Moonraker", and an astronautical consultant on "Superman II". He worked on two of the "Star Wars" films, as an art director and set decorator for ' (for which he was again nominated for the Art Direction Oscar) and ' respectively. He worked as a production designer on two films for the Jim Henson Company: "The Great Muppet Caper" (1981) and "The Dark Crystal" (1982). He was also production designer for the last Monty Python film "Monty Python's The Meaning of Life".

</doc>
<doc id="18357340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18357340" title="Independence Cup">
Independence Cup

The Independence Cup is a football competition that takes place in Gozo, Malta.
The cup holders are Victoria Hotspurs who won the cup after beating Sannat Lions 7-0 in the 2009 final at the newly refurbished Sannat Ground. This competition is played on a knock-out basis between the clubs of the First Division. The first Independence Cup took place in the season 1964-1965 that is the same year that Malta gained Independence. Generally the final is held on the Independence Day that is 21 September. 
Format.
Six teams of the First Division are chosen by lot to participate in the preliminary round. The winning three teams will join the remaining team and will participate in the semi-finals of the Independence Cup
Cup Winners.
Here is a complete list of the past champions of the Independence Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="18357367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18357367" title="Cold Light">
Cold Light

Cold Light () is a 2004 Icelandic film directed by Hilmar Oddsson. It was Iceland's submission to the 77th Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film, but was not accepted as a nominee.
The film received the 2004 Edda Award for Best Film, and Oddsson received the Edda Award for Best Director.

</doc>
<doc id="18357383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18357383" title="List of Da Capo series characters">
List of Da Capo series characters

This is a list of characters from the visual novels "Da Capo", "Da Capo II", "Da Capo: Girls Symphony" and "Da Capo III", fan discs produced based on these games, and adaptations which include anime, manga, novels, and drama CDs.
Da Capo II.
Voice actor/actress in sort in order: Adult game / anime & non adult game
Supporting characters.
Myu ()

</doc>
<doc id="18357392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18357392" title="The Forever King">
The Forever King

"The Forever King" is a fantasy book written by Molly Cochran and Warren Murphy, the authors of "Grandmaster", which reached #3 on The New York Times bestseller list. The Forever King is the first in the Forever King Trilogy. The second title is "The Broken Sword: King Arthur Returns" while the third book is called "The Third Magic". Robert Jordan, author of "The Dragon Reborn" calls The Forever King "a fresh and exciting view of the Arthur legend.”
Set in modern and medieval times, the antagonist Saladin has lived through many of the world’s ages by using the Holy Grail… until he loses it. The Cup finds its way into the hands of ten-year-old Arthur Blessing. Now Hal Woczniak must protect Arthur and the Grail from the madman Saladin, who kills anyone that ever stands in his way or between him and the Cup. "The Forever King" is 55 chapters divided into three sections entitled, “Book One: The Boy,” “Book Two: The Cup,” and “Book Three: The King.”
Summary.
From the front inside flap of "The Forever King":
In a darkened house not far from the place where Camelot may once have stood, a madman schemes.
Once the cup that men call the Holy Grail was his. Soon it will be his again. The Grail’s protectors are few and weak: an alcohol-soaked ex-FBI agent; a courtly old gentleman who once, long ago, held awesome power; and a ten year old boy.
Arthur Blessing is no ordinary boy. The Grail is his by chance, this time, but the power to keep it-is his by right.
Now he must stay alive long enough to use that power.
Arthur needs a defender, a man of great strength, skill, purity, and faith. Fate has given him Hal Woczniak, a broken-down drifter plagued by nightmare memories of a dead child. When Hal quit the FBI, he practically quit the human race as well.
Now, at the darkest time in his life, he is offered the chance to redeem himself.
One he failed to save a child. Once he failed to save a world.
He will not fail again.
References.
1. Cochran, Molly, and Warren Murphy. The Forever King. New York, NY: Tom Doherty Associates, Inc., 1992. Print. ISBN 0-312-85227-4.
2. http://www.inlandlibrary.com/web2/tramp2.exe/do_keyword_search/A01bovib.000
3. http://books.google.com/books?id=IjKE-LF7ik0C&printsec=frontcover&dq=the+forever+king#v=onepage&q=&f=false
4. http://www.amazon.com/s/ref=nb_ss?url=search-alias%3Dstripbooks&field-keywords=the+forever+king&x=0&y=0

</doc>
<doc id="18357393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18357393" title="Lithuanian Civil War (1381–84)">
Lithuanian Civil War (1381–84)

The Lithuanian Civil War of 1381–1384 was the first struggle for power between the cousins Jogaila, Grand Duke of Lithuania and later King of Poland, and Vytautas the Great. It began after Jogaila signed the Treaty of Dovydiškės with the Teutonic Knights which was aimed against his uncle Kęstutis, father of Vytautas. Kęstutis briefly seized power in the Grand Duchy, but was betrayed by adherents of Jogaila primarily from Vilnius. During negotiations for a truce Kęstutis and Vytautas were arrested and transported to the Kreva Castle. Kęstutis died there a week later but Vytautas managed to escape and then sought an alliance with the Teutonic Knights. Subsequently their joint forces raided Lithuanian lands. Eventually the cousins were reconciled as Jogaila needed internal stability in anticipation of negotiations with the Grand Duchy of Moscow and the Kingdom of Poland regarding the possible Christianization of Lithuania. The war did not settle the power struggle; it continued during the next Lithuanian Civil War (1389–1392) which was resolved by the signing of the Ostrów Agreement. After more than ten years of struggle, Vytautas finally became the Grand Duke of Lithuania and ruled the country for thirty-eight years.
Background.
Brothers Algirdas and Kęstutis peacefully co-ruled the Grand Duchy of Lithuania. Algirdas, who was the Grand Duke, spent most of his time dealing with the eastern provinces of the Grand Duchy, inhabited by Slavic people of Orthodox faith. Kęstutis in the name of Algirdas handled most of the affairs in the western part, including defense against the Teutonic Knights. Algirdas died in 1377 and left the throne to Jogaila, his eldest son from the second marriage with Uliana of Tver. Kęstutis and Vytautas continued to collaborate with Jogaila even when his right of inheritance was challenged by Andrei of Polotsk, Algirdas' eldest son from his first marriage with Maria of Vitebsk.
The Teutonic Knights continued their crusade against pagan Lithuania. A large campaign was organized in winter of 1378, during which the Teutons reached Brest and as far as the Pripyat River. The Livonian Order raided Upytė, and another campaign threatened the capital in Vilnius. In summer 1379, Jogaila's brother Skirgaila was sent to the Knights to discuss the situation, possible ways of converting to Christianity, and termination of the Livonian Order's support to Andrei. The details of the trip however remain unknown; rumors had it that he also visited the Holy Roman Emperor. While the purpose or the outcome of the trip are unclear, it was often cited as the first intrigue behind Kęstutis' back. In the meantime Kęstutis offered to negotiate a truce with the Knights and an exchange of prisoners. On September 29, 1379, a ten-year truce was signed in Trakai. It was the last treaty that Kęstutis and Jogaila signed jointly. It was followed by a three-day secret negotiations between Jogaila and the Knights in Vilnius. However, the truce protected only the Christian lands in the south, while Kęstutis' pagan realms in northern and western Lithuania were still vulnerable to Teutonic attacks.
In February 1380, Jogaila, without Kęstutis, made a five-month truce with the Livonian Order to protect his Lithuanian domains and cease Livonian support to Andrei of Polotsk. On May 31, 1380, Jogaila and Grand Master Winrich von Kniprode signed the secret Treaty of Dovydiškės. The clauses of the treaty were, overall, convoluted and not entirely clear. Based on the terms of the accord, Jogaila agreed not to intervene during attacks by the Teutonic Knights against Kęstutis or his children. However, if providing aid to Kęstutis were necessary to avoid any suspicions, it would not be a violation of the treaty. The treaty remains controversial as the motives behind it are not entirely clear. Some historians blame Uliana, mother of Jogaila, or his adviser Vaidila, others point out generational differences: Kęstutis was about 80 years old and determined not to accept Christianity, while Jogaila was about 30 and was looking for ways to convert and modernize the country. Still others have suggested that the treaty was primarily directed against Andrei and his allies – his brother Dmitry of Bryansk and Grand Duke of Moscow Dmitri Donskoi. Jogaila, having secured his western front, allied himself with the Golden Horde against the Grand Duchy of Moscow for the upcoming Battle of Kulikovo.
Civil war.
Kęstutis' coup and Jogaila's counter-coup.
In early 1381, without violating the Treaty of Dovydiškės, the Teutonic Knights raided the Duchy of Trakai and Samogitia twice. While raiding towards Trakai, the Teutonic Knights used bombards for the first time and destroyed Naujapilis, taking some 3,000 prisoners. In August 1381, Kuno von Liebenstein, komtur of Osterode and godfather of Danutė of Lithuania, informed Kęstutis about the secret treaty. When Kęstutis asked Vytautas if he knew anything about it, he denied any knowledge and suspected a Teutonic trap. In fall 1381, Kęstutis took advantage of Polotsk's rebellion against Skirgaila. Jogaila was away to subdue the rebellion and his absence provided a good opportunity to capture Vilnius, the capital of the Grand Duchy. Kęstutis became the Grand Duke while Jogaila was taken prisoner on his way back to Vilnius. Vaidila was executed. Jogaila pledged his loyalty to Kęstutis, was released, and received his patrimony, Kreva and Vitebsk. Kęstutis then resumed war with the Teutonic Knights: his army raided Warmia and attempted to capture Georgenburg (Jurbarkas).
On June 12, 1382, while Kęstutis was away to fight Dymitr Korybut of Novhorod-Siversky, who refused to pay taxes, and Vytautas was away in Trakai, residents of Vilnius, led by the merchant Hanul of Riga, let Jogaila's army into the city. The merchants were dissatisfied with Kęstutis' policies as they were hurting the economy, especially trade with Livonia. Vytautas attempted to gather his forces in Trakai and attack Vilnius, but Jogaila recaptured the throne. On July 6, he signed the two-month Truce of Bražuolė with the Teutonic Knights. Vytautas retreated from Trakai in the face of the joint forces of the Teutonic Order and Jogaila, and the city surrendered on July 20. In the meantime Kęstutis rallied his supporters in Samogitia, his son Vytautas sought soldiers in Hrodna, and his brother Liubartas recruited in Galicia–Volhynia. On August 3, 1382, the armies of Kęstutis and Jogaila met near Trakai for a decisive battle, but it never began. According to Teutonic sources, Kęstutis saw that Jogaila, aided by the Teutonic Knights, had superior forces when his Samogitian contingent was reluctant to fight. Both sides agreed to negotiate. Kęstutis and Vytautas arrived in Jogaila's camp, but were arrested and sent to a prison in the Kreva Castle. Their army was disbanded. On August 15, five days after imprisonment, Kęstutis was found dead by Skirgaila. Jogaila claimed that he had hanged himself, but rumors spread that he had been strangled. Jogaila organized a large pagan funeral to Kęstutis: his body was burned along with horses, weapons, and other treasures in Vilnius.
Vytautas' escape.
Vytautas remained in prison until fall 1382. He managed to escape with help from his wife Anna, who received permission to visit her husband. According to different sources Vytautas exchanged clothes with either Anna or one of her female servants and sneaked out undetected. First he sought help from his sister Danutė and her husband Janusz I of Warsaw, then he turned to Siemowit IV, Duke of Masovia. Eventually he came to his enemies, the Teutonic Knights, asking for protection and military aid against Jogaila. According to Wigand of Marburg, Birutė, mother of Vytautas, was drowned in Brest, likely in response to his escape. Two of her relatives, Vidimantas and Butrimas, were also murdered.
The Knights received Vytautas without enthusiasm. At the time Jogaila was negotiating with the Teutonic Order. On October 31, 1382, they formulated the Treaty of Dubysa in three separate acts. It was a reward for their help in defeating Andrei and Kęstutis. In it, Jogaila promised to accept Christianity within four years, become an ally of the Order, not to initiate a war without Order's approval, and cede Samogitia, which still supported Vytautas, up to the Dubysa River. However, ratification of the treaty was continuously put off. One of the reasons for the cooling relations was a war in Masovia, that Jogaila had started without consulting the Knights. The Knights also attempted to play Vytautas and Jogaila off against each other. Other historians suggest that Jogaila was already thinking about an alliance with either Moscow or Poland. Eventually, in June 1383, a scheduled meeting between Jogaila and the Grand Master did not take place on a formal pretext and the alliance broke down. The Knights resumed their war with Lithuania.
Reconciliation.
In early September, the Knights and Vytautas briefly took control of Trakai and unsuccessfully attacked Vilnius. On October 21, 1383, in Tapiau, in a small ceremony Vytautas was baptized in the Catholic rite, receiving the name of Wigand (Lithuanian: "Vygandas") after his godfather Wigand, komtur of Ragnit. Vytautas received New Marienburg, a castle on the Neman River near the mouth of Dubysa, where he was joined by his relatives and followers, banished from their estates by Jogaila. They included his brother Tautvilas Kęstutaitis. Vytautas also attempted to secure support from the Samogitians. On January 30, 1384, in Königsberg, Vytautas signed the Treaty of Königsberg and promised to become the Order's vassal and to cede part of Samogitia to the Teutonic Order, up to the Nevėžis River and including Kaunas. In May 1384, the Knights started constructing a new fortress in Kaunas, called New Marienverder. On June 14, 1384, Vytautas renewed his promises, given in January in Königsberg, in this newly built fortress.
In the meantime Jogaila, probably influenced by his Orthodox mother Uliana of Tver, sought an alliance with the Grand Duchy of Moscow. He was making preparations to marry Sophia, daughter of Dmitri Donskoi, and be baptized in the Orthodox rite. In order to carry out this plan he had to reconcile with Vytautas and end the civil war. In spring 1384, Jogaila offered him Volhynia with Lutsk, but Vytautas refused, demanding to return his entire patrimony, which included Trakai, then governed by Skirgaila. Then Jogaila promised to return Trakai as soon as Skirgaila established himself in Polotsk. In July, Vytautas agreed and decided to abandon the Teutonic Knights. He then proceeded to burn two Teutonic castles on the Neman River (New Marienburg and Georgenburg). New Marienverder was besieged for six weeks by joint forces of Jogaila and Vytautas before it fell. During these attacks Vytautas captured Marquard von Salzbach, who later played an important role in Vytautas' relationship with the Knights.
Aftermath.
Vytautas returned to Lithuania without a clear written agreement with Jogaila. He received Hrodna, Brest, Podlaskie, Vawkavysk. In order to receive Volhynia after the death of his uncle Liubartas, Vytautas was baptized in the Orthodox rite. Skirgaila continued to rule Trakai. Vytautas pledged loyalty to Jogaila and became one of the many regional dukes. Jogaila was considering different baptism proposals. He had already refused the Treaty of Dubysa with the Teutonic Knights. He negotiated with Moscow, but it was a dangerous ally and Orthodoxy would not save Lithuania from attacks by the Teutonic Knights. Furthermore, Muscovy lost some of its power and influence after the siege of Moscow in 1382 by the Mongols. A third option was presented by Poland: it was looking for a suitable groom for Jadwiga of Poland and a worthy candidate to become King of Poland. In August 1385, Jogaila signed the Union of Krewo, promising to Christianize Lithuania, marry Jadwiga, and form a personal union between Lithuania and Poland. In 1386, he was baptized and crowned King. Skirgaila was left as his regent in Lithuania. Taking advantage of Jogaila's absence, Andrei of Polotsk renewed his bid for the throne of Lithuania. During this time Vytautas remained loyal and helped Jogaila and Skirgaila to defeat Andrei.
On April 28, 1387, after Andrei's defeat, Skirgaila received Polotsk and Trakai – thus breaking the promise given to Vytautas that he would receive Trakai when Skirgaila received Polotsk. Trying to appease his cousin, Jogaila gave him Lutsk (but left a Pole in charge of Lubart's Castle) and Volodymyr-Volynskyi. This did not help and the relationship turned sour. At the same time dissatisfaction with Skirgaila's rule continued to grow among the Lithuanians, who resented growing Polish influence in the state. They wanted to maintain Lithuanian legal distinctiveness and reserve offices for the Lithuanians. The duped Teutonic Knights continued to demand Samogitia and continued to wage war. All these circumstances allowed Vytautas to renew his struggle for power. He escaped to the Teutonic Knights for the second time and waged another civil war. It ended with the Ostrów Agreement of 1392, wherein Vytautas acknowledged fealty to Jogaila and was granted extensive autonomy in Lithuania. Thus he became the Grand Duke of Lithuania and started his 38-year reign.

</doc>
<doc id="18357409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18357409" title="The Olive Harvest">
The Olive Harvest

The Olive Harvest is a 2003 Palestinian film directed by Hanna Elias. It won the "Best Arab film" award for 2003 at the Cairo International Film Festival, and it was Palestine's submission to the 77th Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film, but was not accepted as a nominee.

</doc>
<doc id="18357439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18357439" title="Fight Club (The X-Files)">
Fight Club (The X-Files)

"Fight Club" is the twentieth episode of the seventh season of the science fiction television series "The X-Files". It premiered on the Fox network in the United States on May 7, 2000. It was written by series creator Chris Carter, directed by Paul Shapiro, and featured a guest appearance by Kathy Griffin. The episode plot serves as a "Monster-of-the-Week" story, which is unconnected to the series' wider mythology. "Fight Club" earned a Nielsen household rating of 6.9, being watched by 11.70 million people in its initial broadcast. The episode received mostly negative reviews from television critics.
The show centers on FBI special agents Fox Mulder (David Duchovny) and Dana Scully (Gillian Anderson) who work on cases linked to the paranormal, called X-Files. Mulder is a believer in the paranormal, while the skeptical Scully has been assigned to debunk his work. In this episode, Mulder and Scully cross paths with a pair of doppelgangers whose close proximity yields unlimited mayhem. Splitting up, the agent tries to find out "why" and "what" they are doing.
"Fight Club" was inspired by a "long-lost nugget" of a story that series creator Chris Carter had thought up awhile back about "mis-matched twins that had an almost nuclear reaction when they were around each other." Steve Kiziak and Arlene Pileggi—David Duchovny's stunt double and Mitch Pileggi's wife, respectively—were chosen to play the Mulder and Scully look-alikes at the start of the episode. "Fight Club" contained several scenes of intense action that necessitated the use of various stunt doubles and extras.
Plot.
In Kansas City, two Mormon missionaries visit two women at two different homes in the same neighborhood that look exactly alike. The second woman yells at them to go away and the two men, inexplicably, get into a fight in the second woman's front yard. Later, two FBI agents that look and sound remarkably similar to Mulder and Scully visit the first woman, Betty Templeton (Kathy Griffin). Betty claims to have never seen the other woman before. The other woman then passes her by in a car and the two agents begin fighting each other, much like the missionaries. They are severely injured after the gruesome mauling. Both agents, who had worked together for seven years, said that they were possessed. Meanwhile, the other woman, Lulu Pfeiffer (also Kathy Griffin), applies for a job at Koko's Copies, but does not get it because she has had 17 jobs in 17 states in the past three years and moves around too much. She becomes aggravated and suddenly, all the copies become black. The other woman, Betty, goes to another job with the same name and same resume.
Fox Mulder (David Duchovny) and Dana Scully (Gillian Anderson) begin to investigate the case. Later, in a bar, a man by the name of Bert Zupanic (Randall "Tex" Cobb) comes across Betty. Moments later, Lulu walks into the bar and an earthquake occurs that breaks all the glass in the bar. Lulu then runs out. Mulder finds out through a man named Argyle Saperstein (Art Evans) that Zupanic and one of the women are in a relationship and that Zupanic is a professional wrestler. Scully finds that for the past 12 years the women have followed each other across 17 states and left mayhem in their wake. Saperstein calls Zupanic and it is revealed that Zupanic owes Saperstein money. In addition, Betty and Bert have been in a relationship, but he has been having an affair with Lulu. A second earthquake occurs as Lulu prepares to walk in on Zupanic and Saperstein exchanging money. After Betty emerges from the bathroom, the two see each other and the glass in the building begins breaking. Zupanic is knocked unconscious and Saperstein takes the money and leaves.
Mulder and Scully decide to split up and interrogate the doppelgangers. Betty tells Mulder that Lulu is causing all of the problems and forcing her to leave, while Lulu tells Scully the same thing. Later, the two look-alikes pass each other and a sewer grate blows open, sucking Mulder into the storm drain and sealing him in. Scully finds that the girls share the same father, a man by the name of Bob Damphouse, who is in prison. Damphouse is revealed to be mentally insane, and is always in a fit of rage. Eventually, Mulder finds his way out of the storm drain. At the prison, Scully meets a man that looks exactly like Bert Zupanic. Lulu and Betty meet at a stadium and everyone in the audience breaks into a fight. The other Bert Zupanic shows up and everyone stops fighting. The two Zupanic's see each other and a fight breaks out again. The episode ends with Mulder and Scully shown bruised and beaten.
Production.
Writing.
The inspiration for "Fight Club" was a "long-lost nugget" that series creator Chris Carter had thought up awhile back. He explained, "I had this idea for a long time to do a story about mis-matched twins that had an almost nuclear reaction when they were around each other." Carter began to write the episode at the same time as the pilot for the "X-Files" spin-off, "The Lone Gunmen". Because of the "insanity" in juggling two scripts at once, many more "crazy" elements made it into "Fight Club". When executive producer Frank Spotnitz first looked at the script, he noted that "episode had an odd tone. It felt like a wild show."
Casting.
The casting for the episode was reportedly hectic. Rick Millikan, the show's casting director, cast noted boxer-turned-actor Randall "Tex" Cobb as Bert Zupanic and comedian Kathy Griffin—who had previously starred in the NBC comedy "Suddenly Susan"—as the doppelgangers. Two real wrestlers, Gene LeBell and Rob Van Dam, were hired to play the parts of the bartender and Zupanic's opponent, respectively. Near the beginning of the episode, two FBI agents who bear a striking resemblance, in both physical appearance and voice, to Mulder and Scully appear. These characters were played by Steve Kiziak and Arlene Pileggi. Kiziak had previously served as David Duchovny's stunt double since the third season episode "2Shy". Pileggi is the wife of Mitch Pileggi, who portrayed Walter Skinner on the show. Duchovny and Anderson later dubbed their voices for the lines that the two look-alike FBI agents say.
Jack McGee was cast as Bob Damfuse—referred to colloquially as "Angry Bob"—the father of the half-sisters with a severe anger issue. During rehearsals for his scene, McGee purposely kept his voice down to prevent a severe headache. He recalled, "I remember the director Shapiro, he wanted me to scream during rehearsal, and I was, like, 'Look, you don’t understand: If I do this, I’m gonna have a headache in 30 fucking seconds.'" The scenes were rehearsed about five or six times before the actual tape was filmed.
Filming and effects.
First-time "X-Files" director Paul Shapiro was tasked with directing the episode. Many of the physical effects in the episode were coordinated by Danny Weselis, who noted that the episode contained several scenes featuring extensive stunt work. He explained, "during the bar explosions we had a room full of stunt people showered with broken glass. And we used stunt people for much of the missionary and special agent fights." The final scene, featuring a stadium full of people attacking each other after the Templetons make an appearance, was filmed at the Grand Olympic Auditorium in Los Angeles. Several hundred extras were contacted via ads on the internet and in select publications. The scene took two days to completely film. The crowd supplemented sixteen stuntmen and over 200 cardboard cutouts to give the stadium a filled-out feel. In order to create a mock fight, staff members gave the several hundred extras soft props to hit each other with. Producer Harry Bring later noted, "a few of audience members got carried away and we had to tell them to settle down." During the finished episode, a split screen was inserted as a way to enhance the scene and allow the viewer to "focus on various angles of action".
Broadcast and reception.
"Fight Club" first aired in the United States on May 7, 2000. This episode earned a Nielsen rating of 6.9, with a 11 share, meaning that roughly 6.9 percent of all television-equipped households, and 11 percent of households watching television, were tuned in to the episode. It was viewed by 11.70 million viewers. The episode aired in the United Kingdom and Ireland on Sky1 on July 30, 2000 and received 0.67 million viewers, making it the third most watched episode that week. Fox promoted the episode with the tagline "They say everyone has a double out there somewhere."
Critical reception to "Fight Club" was largely negative. Zack Handlen of "The A.V. Club" gave the episode a "D–"; he called it "dire stuff" and wrote that "there’s something rancid about forced quirk; it’s rotten and smug". Handlen both criticized Griffin's inability to portray two separate characters, as well as Carter's failure at writing a comedic script. He also felt that the "relentless self-awareness isn’t amusing anymore". Tom Kessenich, in his book "Examinations", gave the episode a scathing review. He wrote "If it is indeed true that somewhere out in this vast world we all have an identical twin, I have but one wish for mine. I sincerely hope he was spared the hour of torture that 'Fight Club' imposed upon me." Christina Brzustoski from 11th Hour Magazine opined that "Just when you thought "The X-Files" couldn't get a more grating guest star than Victoria Jackson, Chris Carter manages to top himself yet again with not one, but two, for the love of God, two Kathy Griffins in the Carter-penned episode 'Fight Club.' It's a safe bet this disjointed, lame episode will probably not be easily confused with the far superior David Fincher movie of the same name. But then the current state of "The X-Files" makes "Elmo in Grouchland" look like an Oscar contender."
Kenneth Silber from Space.com was very negative towards the episode, saying, "This episode conveys a strong sense of a writer, director and actors merely going through the motions, collecting their sizable paychecks while running out the clock on the season and series. The plot is not compelling, the agents themselves seem not to take it seriously, and the doppelgangers around whom the action revolves are little more than ciphers." Robert Shearman and Lars Pearson, in their book "Wanting to Believe: A Critical Guide to The X-Files, Millennium & The Lone Gunmen", rated the episode one star out of five. The two wrote, "'Fight Club' is a marker for a series that seems to want to die now, please. […] it's tonally one of the most atypical episodes the series ever made, conceived in spite and self-loathing and sheer exhaustion." Paula Vitaris from "Cinefantastique" gave the episode a largely negative review and awarded it one star out of four. Vitaris criticized the use of Kathy Griffin and asserted, "the guest cast is one of the worst ever. […] Griffin […] simply is not up to the task; she can not differentiate Betty and Lulu at all […] and she reads every line as if she were still on her cancelled sitcom." i09 reviewer Cyriaque Lama named "The Kathy Griffin Twins" the tenth "Most Ridiculous X-Files Monsters of the Week", and derided her performance as the Templeton twins.
Not all reviews were so negative. Rich Rosell from DigitallyObsessed.com awarded the episode 4.5 out of 5 stars and noted that "There are some great visual moments in Fight Club, and Chris Carter reveals an almost Vince Gilligan-side to him with his comic writing here."

</doc>
<doc id="18357445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18357445" title="Jefferson Angulo">
Jefferson Angulo

Jefferson Angulo Murillo (born December 26, 1986, in Pereira), is a professional footballer, who currently plays for Guaratinguetá in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série B.
Career.
Jefferson Angulo began his career in the youth ranks of Atlético Nacional and Deportivo Pereira. He made his professional debut in 2004 with Pereira, and than went on to play for smaller Colombian clubs Alianza Petrolera and Atlético Bello.
He made his First division debut for Atlético Nacional against La Equidad on July 20, 2007. He remained at the club for two seasons and than joined fellow top flight club Atlético Huila in 2009. In mid-season he joined Brazilian club Vila Nova and appeared in four matches for the club. In 2010 he left Vila Nova and signed with Gremio Santanense. His stay at the club was short as he left once again in mid-season to join FK Baku in Azerbaijan.
In early 2011 Angulo returned to Colombia signing with top side Millonarios.

</doc>
<doc id="18357447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18357447" title="Crying Ladies">
Crying Ladies

Crying Ladies is a 2003 Filipino film directed by Mark Meily, and winner of Best Picture in the 2003 Metro Manila Film Festival. It was the Philippines' submission to the 77th Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film, but was not accepted as a nominee.

</doc>
<doc id="18357469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18357469" title="The Welts">
The Welts

The Welts () is a 2004 Polish film directed by Magdalena Piekorz. It was Poland's submission to the 77th Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film, but was not accepted as a nominee.

</doc>
<doc id="18357472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18357472" title="Boulevards of the Marshals (Paris)">
Boulevards of the Marshals (Paris)

The boulevards of the marshals in Paris are a collection of thoroughfares that encircle the city near its outermost margins. Most bear the name of a marshal of the First Empire (1804–1814) who served under Napoleon I.
Exceptions.
Only Étienne Eustache Bruix (1759–1805), a French admiral; Jean Simon (1912–2003), a distinguished general of the French Foreign Legion; and Martial Henri Valin (1898–1980), an air force general, were not marshals of the First Empire. Nonetheless, they have boulevards named for them that are parts of the 'belt'.
There are seven legitimate marshals of the First-Empire period who have not been immortalized by having their names attached to boulevards comprising the ring. Most of these men were relieved of the honor, Marshal of the Empire, by having disputes with Napoleon or by changing sides during the periods when Napoleon was in exile, during the Hundred Days, or during the Bourbon Restoration. Bernadotte left Napoleon's service to become the elected King of Sweden, where he reigned as Charles XIV John. The 'missing' marshals are:
Of the seven marshals without a boulevard, only three of them (Bernadotte, Marmont, and Grouchy) have no street at all named after them in Paris. Augereau, Moncey, Oudinot, and Perignon have streets named for them: Rue Augereau in the 7th arrondissement, Rue Moncey in the 9th, Rue Oudinot in the 7th, and the Rue Pérignon, which traverses the 7th and 15th arrondissements. The other three marshals are considered "traitors to France" so they are not honored by the city.
There is a slight discontinuity in the loop around the city near the Garigliano Bridge: between the Boulevard du General Martial Valin, in the 15th arrondissement, and Boulevard Murat in the 16th. On the right-bank side of the Garigliano Bridge (16th arrondissement), one may take the Quai Saint-Exupéry a little more than a hundred meters to meet the Boulevard Exelmans, which leads to Boulevard Murat, or, if one chooses to continue on Exelmans, one will meet the Boulevard Suchet near the Porte d'Auteuil. Technically, the Boulevard Exelmans is not part of the Boulevards of the Marshals; he, Rémi Joseph Isidore Exelmans, was "aide-de-camp" to Marshal Murat during the First-Empire period, but he became a marshal in his own right during the Second Empire (1851).
In the 19th arrondissement, the Boulevard of Indochina and the Boulevard of Algeria follow the contour of Paris more closely than the Boulevards of the Marshals by avoiding a portion of the Boulevard Sérurier.
History.
The "boulevards of the marshals" occupy the site of the old military road (or Rue Militaire) that ran along the inside of the fortified walls of Thiers, built around 1840. The expansion of the land area of Paris in 1860, by annexing bordering communities, created a situation where everything within the wall was Paris and everything without was not. The large berm immediately outside the wall and its dry moat led to a profound disruption and complication of the synergistic relationship between Paris and its suburbs.
In the 1920s, the dismantling of the enclosure permitted the building of a series of boulevards encircling the city, in the same way that the destruction of the wall of Louis XIII had eventually given birth, at the end of the 17th century, to the great boulevards of the right bank. This also served to re-integrate, to a large extent, Paris with its hinterland.
The "boulevards of the marshals" concept was almost fully realized by 1932, but the section known as Boulevard Amiral Bruix (an admiral of the Napoleonic era), was not incorporated until 1987. The Boulevard du General Martial Valin, a general of the Free French air corps, and the Boulevard du General Jean Simon, another officer of the Free French and a hero of the liberation of Paris, were not added to the circle until 2005.
List of boulevards.
Below is a list of the boulevards in Paris named after marshals of France. The list starts at the Porte de Vincennes and continues in ascending numerical order of arrondissements, from the 12th to the 20th; in effect, around Paris in clockwise fashion, beginning from the 3:00 position. Also noted are the connections to the Paris Métro, the Réseau express régional (RER), the Paris Tramway Line 3, the city gates of Paris, and the main roads leaving the capital for adjacent communes.
Legend:
Transportation.
The boulevards are, of course, city streets and open to vehicular traffic. They do not constitute an expressway or limited-access motorway in the fashion of the Boulevard Périphérique; the speed limit on the boulevards is generally 50 km/h.
There are also bus lanes separated from the normal lanes of traffic, and a bicycle path on the sidewalk has been installed. The Paris Tramway Line 3 (Ile-de-France) follows the "boulevards of the marshals" along the southern edge of the city.
Places of interest.
Some specific sites near the boulevards are:

</doc>
<doc id="18357497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18357497" title="The Miracle According to Salomé">
The Miracle According to Salomé

The Miracle According to Salomé () is a 2004 Portuguese film directed by Mário Barroso. It was Portugal's submission to the 77th Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film, but was not accepted as a nominee.

</doc>
<doc id="18357515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18357515" title="Orient Express (2004 film)">
Orient Express (2004 film)

Orient Express is a 2004 Romanian film directed by Sergiu Nicolaescu. It was Romania's submission to the 77th Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film, but was not accepted as a nominee.

</doc>
<doc id="18357524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18357524" title="Freedom Day Cup">
Freedom Day Cup

The Freedom Day Cup is a football competition that takes place in Gozo.
The cup holders are SKVW who won the cup after beating Sannat Lions in the 2009 final. This competition is just a final between two teams and it takes place on Freedom Day, that is March 31.
The first Freedom Day Cup took place in the season 1978-1979, that is the same year that Malta gained its freedom.
Format.
The first two teams in the table of the second round from the First Division compete for the Freedom Day Cup.
Cup Winners.
Here is a complete list of the past champions of the Freedom Day Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="18357530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18357530" title="Thomas Knapp">
Thomas Knapp

Thomas Knapp may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18357533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18357533" title="Billy Soose">
Billy Soose

Billy Soose (August 2, 1915 - September 5, 1998) was an American boxer who won the world middleweight championship in 1941.
Biography.
After a collegiate boxing career, Soose became a professional boxer in 1938. That same year he met Charley Burley, defeated Soose by a unanimous decision. In 1940 Soose defeated two future middleweight champions, Ken Overlin and Tony Zale. He began 1941 by defeating future heavyweight and light heavyweight title challenger Tami Mauriello and then, in May of that year, beat old foe Overlin for Overlin's middleweight title. He never defended the title and retired in 1942 after losing a bout to Jimmy Bivins.
Soose was featured on the cover of the June 1941 Ring magazine and is a member of the World Boxing Hall of Fame. He is also the subject of a book, "Billy Soose - The Champion Time Forgot".
Soose is set to be posthumously inducted into the International Boxing Hall of Fame in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18357535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18357535" title="Chaoda Modern Agriculture">
Chaoda Modern Agriculture

Chaoda Modern Agriculture (Holdings) Limited is a publicly owned company in the production and distribution of ecologically grown vegetables and other agricultural products. It is headquartered in Fuzhou, Fujian province, China.
Chaoda was started in 1994 by Kwok Ho, after initial business interests with the People's Liberation Army.
It was listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in 2000.
During 2011, it was the subject of various allegations of fraud and of insider trading by its executives, which have resulted in heavy falls in its share price.
Business.
The company exports a huge variety of vegetables such as Bell Peppers/Paprika, Broccoli, Carrot, Cauliflower, Cherry Tomato, Chinese Cabbage, Chinese Radish, Choi Sum, Cucumber, Eggplant, Hot Peppers, Iceberg Lettuce, Loquat, Melon, Onion, Potato, Pumpkin, Sugar Snaps, Summer Squash, Sweet Corn, Sweet Potato, Tangerine, Watermelon and Welsh Onion.

</doc>
<doc id="18357567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18357567" title="Goose Feather">
Goose Feather

Goose Feather () is a 2004 Serbian film directed by Ljubiša Samardžić. It was Serbia and Montenegro's submission to the 77th Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film, but was not accepted as a nominee.

</doc>
<doc id="18357589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18357589" title="Beneath Her Window">
Beneath Her Window

Beneath Her Window () is a 2003 Slovenian film directed by Metod Pevec. It was Slovenia's submission to the 77th Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film, but was not accepted as a nominee. The main role was played by Polona Juh.

</doc>
<doc id="18357598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18357598" title="Harry Grant Dart">
Harry Grant Dart

Harry Grant Dart (1869–1938) was an American cartoonist and illustrator known for his futuristic and often aviation-oriented cartoons and comic strips.
His first jobs were brochures for the National Crayon Company and illustrations for the "Boston Herald". His career took off when the "New York World" arranged to send him to Cuba. He became a sketch artist for important events, his sketches being published in the newspaper in the days before photographs were used. He rose to become the art editor for "The World". It was at this time that he started perhaps his most famous comic strip, The Explorigator.
Intended as a rival for Winsor McCay's Little Nemo, The Explorigator concerned the flight of the eponymous airship, headed by a crew of children ages 9–10: Admiral Fudge (who wore a swastika on his hat), Detective Rubbersole, Maurice Mizzentop, Nicholas Nohooks, Grenadier Shift, Teddy Typewriter, and Ah Fergetit. The strip only ran for 14 weeks in 1908, yet its detailed drawings of airships and various other aircraft would later find some fame in the steampunk movement.
Dart went on to become a very prolific cartoonist, continuing with Boys Will Be Boys in 1909 and Life and Judge in the 1920s. Although he is one of the more obscure cartoonists of his era, a few of his works survive in the Library of Congress.

</doc>
<doc id="18357600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18357600" title="Brandon Schantz">
Brandon Schantz

Brandon Scott Schantz (July 26, 1980 - December 6, 2007) was a broadcaster, sports director and television producer. He was, perhaps, best known as an on-camera host for Movies.com and for producing music videos for the rock band Rooney. Schantz had previously become the youngest local news station sports director in the history of the CBS network and its affiliates.
Biography.
Early life.
Schantz was a native of San Francisco and graduated from San Ramon Valley High School in the East Bay neighborhood of Danville, California.
Schantz graduated from the University of Texas at Austin with a bachelor's degree in broadcast journalism in 2002. He worked as a production intern with KEYE-TV, an Austin, Texas, CBS affiliate from 2000 until 2002 while attending the University of Texas. Additionally, Schantz also interned within the sports department at KXAN as an undergraduate.
Career.
Schantz was hired as the Sports Director at KGWN-TV, a CBS affiliate in Cheyenne, Wyoming, upon his graduation from college. In doing so, Schantz, who was 22 years old when he was hired by KGWN, became the become the youngest local news station sports director in the history of the CBS network. He also appeared on camera at KGWN as a sports reporter and Sportscaster.
Schantz departed KGWN in the mid-2000s and moved to Los Angeles to pursue a career as a producer and television host. He established a production company at the age of 25, Brandon Schantz Productions and established a production headquarters with partners Kevin Dobski at Santa Monica Studios in Santa Monica, CA. Collectively Schantz produced projects, music videos and live television events in during 2006 and 2007, including a music video for the Rooney single, "I Should've Been After You", a Southern California based rock band. Brandon Schantz Productions (BSP) specialized in music videos, television, and short form digital web content.
Schantz was also hired as an on-camera host and producer for Movies.com, which was acquired by the Walt Disney Company.
Death.
Schantz was diagnosed with lymphoma in the Spring of 2007, and underwent surgery for the disease in October 2007. He continued to work on his production company and Movies.com while undergoing treatment. During this time, he made a brief appearance in the seventh episode of ', which was filmed in 2007, and aired June 25, 2008. Schantz, who was working as a host and producer for Movies.com at the time, gave internships to three "Real World" cast members, Kimberly Alexander, Nick Brown and Sarah Ralston, who sought to become on-air hosts. Schantz died on December 6, 2007, at the age of 27. His death, and Brown's reaction to it, was chronicled on-camera. He was survived by his parents, Sean and Kim Schantz, his siblings, Ryan and Kaylee, his grandparents and his fiancée, Christin Anderson.

</doc>
<doc id="18357617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18357617" title="Mein Name ist Bach">
Mein Name ist Bach

Mein Name ist Bach is a 2003 Swiss film directed by Dominique de Rivaz. It was Switzerland's submission to the 77th Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film, but was not accepted as a nominee.

</doc>
<doc id="18357622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18357622" title="Cellach Tosach mac Donngaile">
Cellach Tosach mac Donngaile

Cellach Tosach mac Donngaile (died 809) was a king of the Uí Cheinnselaig of South Leinster. He belonged to the Sil Chormaic sept of this branch of the Laigin and specifically to a branch which took over leadership of the Uí Dróna -the baronies of Idrone in modern County Carlow. He was the son of Donngal mac Laidcnén (died 761) and succeeded his uncle Cairpre mac Laidcnén (died 793). He ruled from 793 to 809.
The Uí Dróna had been the dominant sept in Uí Cheinnselaig for much of the last half of the 8th century. In 809 civil strife broke out among the Uí Cheinnselaig and Cellach was slain. He is called king of Ráith Étain (near Leighlinbridge, County Carlow), the seat of his sept. The Sil Máeluidir sept now took the throne.

</doc>
<doc id="18357649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18357649" title="20 30 40">
20 30 40

20 30 40 is a 2004 Taiwanese film directed by Sylvia Chang. It was nominated for the Golden Bear at the 2004 Berlin International Film Festival, and Taiwan's submission to the 77th Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film, but was not accepted as a nominee.
Plot.
The movie is telling the stories of three women aged 20, 30 and 40, and shows what women want in different stages of their lives.
Xiao Jie, a Malaysian girl who just turned twenty, has arrived in Taipei for the first time to make her dream of being a pop star come true. Xie Jie makes friends with Yi Tong, a Hong Kong girl who pursues a music career as well. When they meet with reverses and realize the fact of life, they find themselves in the mire...
Xiang Xiang is 30 years old, and she is a flight attendant. In her conversation with her colleague, Xiang Xiang says that she is caught between two men. One is a mature doctor but already married, and the other one is a young recorder who is still ignorant. However, she still retains the memory of her ex-boyfriend in New York. Xiang Xiang is confused and she does not know who her true love is.
Lily is a 40-year-old woman who got divorced with her husband and goes back to single life again. Facing life as a single woman in the middle-age, Lily tries out new lifestyle and has fun for her own. In the new life that she has been away for decades, Lily gets to know how to get along with her own company, and what a middle-aged woman really needs before love and success.
Music.
The theme song of the movie which is called "20 30 40" as well was sung by Sylvia Chang, René Liu and Angelica Lee. The song expresses how women want and need in modern society, telling the audience that no matter what stage of life you are arriving, the way you choose to live is the most important. Happiness and beauty are not restricted by age.
Commercial releases.
The film was originally released in 2004 in Germany by Columbia TriStar Films de Argentina, and then were released on screens in Taiwan, Hong Kong and Korea.
The film was released on DVD in 2005 in Argentina, Italy and Hungary.

</doc>
<doc id="18357662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18357662" title="City gates of Paris">
City gates of Paris

While Paris is encircled by the boulevard périphérique (Paris ring road), the city gates of Paris (""portes de Paris"") are the access points to the city for pedestrians and other road users. As Paris has had successive ring roads through the centuries, city gates are found inside the modern-day Paris.
The city gates of today.
"(List of city gates created during the extension of Paris in 1860 and which have left their mark on the city map. The gates are listed in clockwise sequence starting in the north at la Route Nationale 1.)"
Ancient gates of Paris.
After the construction of the Wall of the Farmers-General in 1785, the gates of Paris bore the names barriers ("barrières") until 1860 (e.g. "barrière de la Villette, barrière du Trône, barrière d'Italie, etc.") They were, in fact, toll gates used for collection of the "octroi", an internal tax (an excise tax) assessed on goods entering the city. Some of the toll booths built by Ledoux remain at:

</doc>
<doc id="18357666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18357666" title="Pink (surname)">
Pink (surname)

Pink is a surname that may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18357681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18357681" title="Lithuanian Civil War">
Lithuanian Civil War

Lithuanian Civil War can refer to several events in Lithuania:

</doc>
<doc id="18357694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18357694" title="A Driver for Vera">
A Driver for Vera

A Driver for Vera (, "Voditel dlya Very") is a Ukrainian-Russian co-produced psychological drama film from 2004, set in 1962 Sevastopol, Ukraine, directed and written by Russian Pavel Chukhrai. The film won numerous Russian awards including Best Film at the Sochi Film Festival. The film's two-country origin resulted in the film being rejected as Ukraine's entry for the Academy Awards Best Foreign Film category for 2005, due to a rule which states, "submitting country must certify that creative talent of that country exercised artistic control of the film."
Plot.
The film is set during the Khrushchev Thaw in Soviet Crimea, Ukraine, and concentrates on a young cadet in the Red Army named Viktor (Igor Petrenko) who becomes a chauffeur for a general (Bohdan Stupka) and begins a relationship with the general's disabled and volatile daughter, Vera (Alena Babenko). Viktor becomes involuntarily involved in a plot by the KGB whereby KGB agent Saveliev (Andrei Panin) pushes Viktor to spy on the general for KGB purposes. As the tension develops around Viktor's relationship with Vera and his conflicted reasons for pursuing it (brought into focus by the sexual tension between Viktor and the maid, Lida (Yekaterina Yudina), and her scathing accusations about his motives); the KGB, using Agent Saveliev, plots to take down and ultimately kill the general. Nobody is safe.
Reception.
The film has won at least seven awards and has earned a rating of 7.1 out of 10 from 979 users of the Internet Movie Database. From Rotten Tomatoes, the film has earned a "liked it" rating of 79 percent based on 155 user ratings. After acknowledging the film's numerous Russian awards, movie critic Ronnie Scheib reviewing the film in entertainment magazine "Variety" states, "For Western audhowever, [the pic's oddly disjointed wedding of operatic emotionalism and cool aesthetic distance may prove more off-putting than enthralling." While noting that the film has been compared to the Academy Award–winning "Burnt by the Sun", Scheib opines that it "lacks a central figure with whom the viewer can identify." Scheib also complains that driver Viktor's personal moral struggle seems "irrelevant" due to events in the film spinning out of his control, and Scheib criticizes what he calls actor Petrenko's "limited emotional repertoire".

</doc>
<doc id="18357718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18357718" title="Punto y Raya">
Punto y Raya

Punto y Raya is a 2004 Venezuelan film directed by Elia Schneider. It was Venezuela's submission to the 77th Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film, but failed to receive a nomination.

</doc>
<doc id="18357736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18357736" title="Juan Zurita">
Juan Zurita

Juan Zurita (1917-05-02 - 2000-03-24) was a Mexican boxer in the Lightweight division and a former Lightweight world champion.
Pro career.
During his career he won a version of the Lightweight Championship of the World and other belts such as the NBA Lightweight Championship of the World, Featherweight Championship of Mexico, and the Lightweight Championship of Mexico.
Zurita was inducted into the World Boxing Hall of Fame in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="18357760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18357760" title="Second Division Knock-Out">
Second Division Knock-Out

The Second Division Knock-Out is a football competition that takes place in Gozo.
The cup holders are SK Victoria Wanderers which won the cup after beating Zebbug Rovers in the final. This competition is played on a knock-out basis between the clubs of the Second Division. The first Second Division Knock-Out took place in the season 1958-1959.
Format.
Six unseeded team from the Second Division makes it to the preliminary round. The 3 winners of the respective ties makes join the seeded team and participate in the semi-finals.
Cup winners.
Here is a complete list of the past champions of the Second Division Knock-Out

</doc>
<doc id="18357763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18357763" title="Fellow of Biomaterials Science and Engineering">
Fellow of Biomaterials Science and Engineering

In April 1992, the constituent biomaterials societies of the World Biomaterials Congress, now the International Union of Societies for Biomaterials Science and Engineering (IUSBSE) experienced the need to recognize all their members who had a status of excellent professional standing and high achievements in the field of biomaterials science and engineering.
This was the beginning of the establishment of the honorary status of "Fellow, Biomaterials Science and Engineering" (FBSE).
Fellowship - What it means in letter and spirit.
Distinguished members who had gained accomplishment and were acknowledged as role models in the field of biomaterials science and engineering are given the Fellow status. Such Fellows are expected, through word and deed, to foster the field of biomaterials and to support its professional development as a practical and intellectual endeavour.
New Fellows are announced and recognised at every World Biomaterials Congress (held once every four years). Fellows are confirmed on an international level by IUS-BSE. Approved candidates are installed on an international level at a World Congress.
The duly nominated, approved, confirmed, and installed fellow has the right to carry the letters FBSE. These letters indicate the international recognition and respect of his/her comprehension of professional issues and accomplishments as a scientist or engineer in the field of biomaterials science and engineering.
The fellow status is awarded for life.
A Fellow has all rights and obligations of an active member of their Society.
The Rights and Obligations of Fellowship.
It is expected that Fellows shall recognise individual achievements and contributions to the practice of BSE, foster professional interactions of BSE practitioners among each other, and with medical practitioners, patients, regulatory and legislative offices, and the public, promote public awareness of the profession of BSE, and promote and encourage professional and continuing education in BSE.
In general, these processes are based on the following guidelines.

</doc>
<doc id="18357788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18357788" title="Jock Turner">
Jock Turner

John "Jock" William Cleet Turner (born 28 September 1943) is a former international rugby union player.
He was capped twenty times for Scotland between 1966 and 1971, winnings six caps at fly-half, thirteen as a centre and one at fullback. He scored two tries for Scotland.
Richard Bath writes of him that:
He was selected for the 1968 British Lions tour to South Africa and played in all four internationals against .
In 1971, he helped Scotland win their first victory at Twickenham for 33 years.
He played club rugby for Gala.
Allan Massie writes of him that:

</doc>
<doc id="18357800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18357800" title="A Responsible Plan to End the War in Iraq">
A Responsible Plan to End the War in Iraq

A Responsible Plan to End the War in Iraq is a 36-page plan created by a group of United States Democratic congressional candidates, retired military officers and national security professionals that outlines policy measures (consisting of bills currently before the United States Congress) that the candidates pledged to support in the 2008 elections.
The plan's stated proposals with respect to Iraq are: drawing down U.S. military involvement in Iraq, development of a permanent nation-building capability in the Department of State, a large infusion of foreign aid into Iraq, a transfer of responsibility to the international community through dialogue, addressing refugee issues, creation of an independent war crimes commission, and funding of education to improve the status of women.
With respect to American domestic politics, the proposals are to ban Presidential signing statements, require treatment in accordance with the Geneva Conventions and habeas corpus rights for all prisoners, allow potential surveillance targets to sue the government pre-emptively for injunctive relief, prohibit rendition, increase benefits for veterans, reduce defense contracting, and address energy issues.
Background.
On March 20, 2003, the United States invaded Iraq leading a multinational coalition that included British troops as well as smaller contingents from Australia, Denmark, Poland, and other nations.
Since the beginning of the war there has been great debate about how it should end. The plan cites a number of facts and events as the foundation for its existence, including the following:
Germination.
On August 27, 2007, President Bush made a fundraising visit to Bellevue, Washington in support of Republican Representative Dave Reichert. In response, Reichert's main opponent, Democratic candidate Darcy Burner, organized a "virtual town hall" meeting to discuss the situation in Iraq. The town hall meeting was streamed live online and included testimonials from Ambassador Joe Wilson and retired Major General Paul Eaton, former Security Transition Commanding General in Iraq, and the participation of Jon Soltz, chairman of VoteVets.org, and retired Navy Captain Larry Seaquist, among others. In a statement following the event, Darcy Burner wrote:
Unveiling.
On March 17, 2008 at the Take Back America conference in Washington, D.C., Darcy Burner (WA-08) was joined by five other congressional candidates Donna Edwards (), Chellie Pingree (), Tom Perriello (), Sam Bennett () and Jared Polis () for the unveiling of "A Responsible Plan to End the War in Iraq", a 36-page document that was the culmination of the six-month effort.
Endorsers.
In addition to the six candidates at the March 2008 unveiling and Eaton, the plan was also initially endorsed by candidates Eric Massa (), George Fearing (), Larry Byrnes (), and Steve Harrison (), as well as Dr. Lawrence Korb, former Assistant Secretary of Defense in the Reagan Administration, Capt. Larry Seaquist, former commander of the and former Acting Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Policy Planning, and Brigadier General John Johns, specialist in counterinsurgency and nation-building. Two days after the initial unveiling, Rand Beers, a counterterrorism expert who served on the National Security Council under Presidents Ronald Reagan, George H. W. Bush and Bill Clinton added his endorsement. Within one week, the plan had received the endorsement of an additional 24 Democratic challengers, and as of July 2008 it had 58 House and Senate candidate endorsements, and over 50,000 individual endorsers.
Contents.
Outline.
The two main strategic questions the plan seeks to answer are:
The plan attempts to present a combined military, diplomatic, and economic strategy to end the war in Iraq. It cites various ISG recommendations and lists a number of existing, but stalled bills in Congress that address multiple areas of focus.
Objectives.
The plan breaks down the areas of focus into several categories:
Iraq Study Group recommendations.
In support of the stated objectives, the plan references seven recommendations from the final report of the Iraq Study Group.
Legislation.
The plan categorizes fifteen bills that have been introduced in both the House or Senate during the 110th Congress that address the various objectives of the plan. Through February 2009, most of these have been referred to subcommittees, only three have been voted on in the House, and none have yet been enacted into law.
Views about the plan.
The plan received national press and attention following its unveiling. Ilan Goldenberg, Policy Director at the National Security Network, writing in "The New Republic", called it "thoughtful", "a good first step" and "welcome progress". Arianna Huffington at "Huffington Post" referred to it as "A Contract to Restore America". The plan was also mentioned on ABC's "This Week with George Stephanopoulos". Katrina vanden Heuvel, publisher of the "The Nation" magazine, called the plan "responsible", saying "there are no military solutions". However, Political commentator Cokie Roberts stated that withdrawal from Iraq, one of the goals of the plan, would be "an irresponsible thing to do", claiming "Americans would prefer to win". There were also indications that, within the Democratic Party, the plan had some influence in the debate, with the plan cited on the House floor in 2008. and ""helped focus"" actions in the House according to Speaker Nancy Pelosi speaking about the plan and Burner's efforts in a June 2008 interview.
While the plan has received support from the liberal blogosphere and grassroots organizations, such as OpenLeft and Daily Kos, it has been panned and received criticism from Republicans in Congress and other conservative commentators. Dave Reichert, Congressman for Washington's 8th district said, through his spokesman, that he "believes military leaders on the ground – not candidates for political office – should make decisions about when and how to end the war". Reichert's spokesman also suggested that "it would be irresponsible to withdraw troops and then send U.S. money 'into a black hole.'"

</doc>
<doc id="18357807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18357807" title="Stephen Webber">
Stephen Webber

Stephen Webber (born June 8, 1983) is a Democratic member of the Missouri House of Representatives, representing the 23rd District. Before taking office, Webber served two tours of duty in Iraq with the United States Marine Corps. He resides in Columbia.
Personal life.
Background and education.
Webber graduated from Columbia's Hickman High School in 2001. He received his bachelor's degree in economics from Saint Louis University in 2006.
Career.
Webber has served two tours of duty in Iraq with the United States Marine Corps. His first tour, which began in 2004 and lasted 15 months, found him stationed outside the now-infamous Abu Graib prison. In 2007, he returned to Iraq, this time to Fallujah, as a squad leader of 12 other Marines.
After returning from Iraq, he worked as an aide to Senator Claire McCaskill (D-Mo.) in Washington, D.C.
Elected office.
Election to State House.
Democratic primary.
On February 19, 2008, Webber announced his candidacy for the Democratic nomination to replace Representative Jeff Harris as the member for the 23rd District in the Missouri House of Representatives. Harris, a Democrat, had previously announced he would not run for reelection in order to run for attorney general of Missouri.
Webber defeated opponent Cande Iveson in the August 5, 2008 Democratic primary election, with 3,391 votes to her 1,735, or 66.2 percent to 33.8 percent of the vote.
During the primary campaign, the "Columbia Daily Tribune" reported that Webber had received a number of "high-powered endorsements" from "education groups, labor unions and a bevy of Columbia political figures" including former Missouri Governor Roger B. Wilson. and local democratic booster Bruce Wilson.
General election.
Webber ran unopposed in the November 4th, 2008 general election, winning 100% of the vote and making him the youngest representative in the state.
First term in office.
Upon election, Webber and fellow incoming representatives Mary Still and Chris Kelly announced a number of legislative initiatives, vowing to increase funding for the University of Missouri, add "robo-calls" to Missouri’s No Call List, increase state restrictions on short-term or "payday" loans, and change Missouri election law to allow early voting.
During his first term as representative, Webber sat on the Rules Committee, a Special Standing Committee on Workforce Development and Workplace Safety, and the Homeland Security Committee.
Re-election.
On November 2, 2010, Webber was re-elected to the Missouri House, defeating Republican candidate Paul S. Szopa 68% to 32%.

</doc>
<doc id="18357855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18357855" title="Umberto Branchini">
Umberto Branchini

Umberto Branchini was an Italian boxing promoter and manager. Born in Modena, Italy, on July 17, 1914, he promoted or arranged fights on six continents during his career, which lasted for over fifty years. He was elected into the International Boxing Hall of Fame as a "Non-participant" and was also inducted into the World Boxing Hall of Fame in its "Expanded Category".
Branchini handled 10 world champions and 43 European Champions. Amongst the fighters he handled were: Rocky Mattioli, Miguel Angel Cuello, Chartchai Chionoi, Pedro Carrasco, Francesco Damiani, Maurizio Stecca, Francesco De Piccoli, and Salvatore Burruni.
Branchini died in March 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="18357864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18357864" title="Second Division Challenge Cup">
Second Division Challenge Cup

The Second Division Challenge Cup is a football competition that takes place in Gozo.
The cup holders are SK Victoria Wanderers which won the cup after beating Zebbug Rovers in the final. This competition is contested by the winners of the Second Division and the winners or runners-up of the Second Division Knock-Out. The first Second Division Challenge Cup took place in the season 2006-2007.
Cup Winners.
Here is a complete list of the past champions of the Second Division Challenge Cup

</doc>
<doc id="18357866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18357866" title="Psi.Kore">
Psi.Kore

Psi.Kore were a heavy metal band from Sydney, Australia.
Biography.
The band was founded in 1996 from the ashes of a local metal act named Carnage (not to be confused with the Swedish Death Metal band of the same name).
Adam Boyle, Chuck Lamb and Lex Dourian departed from Carnage, and commenced the search for a drummer in mid-1996. Shortly thereafter, Gecko was recruited and the lineup was complete. 
As the group commenced piecing together a setlist, Adam left the band and the group continued as a trio. Drummer Gecko was replaced by Chucks younger brother Matt in 1997 and Psi.Kore continued as a trio.
Andrew Lilley was then recruited by the band and as a quartet Psi.Kore continued playing the local scene and occasional interstate gigs and also began recording for their debut album, "Holocaust of Braincells". Midway through the recording sessions Lex Dourian left the band and was replaced by Merideth Webster in late 1998. Nik Tropiano of Chatterbox Records took over management duties from Brian Giffin, and shortly afterwards the band supported Vision of Disorder.
Since then the band went from strength to strength with supports to Entombed, Cathedral and Nevermore added to their resume in the space of less than a year. An EP was released in early 2000 and Psi.Kore toured with Alchemist and Cryogenic on the World War Three Tour before completing some shows with Skinlab and in October lined up at Metal for the Brain for a second time.
A freak nerve condition forced Lilley had to stand down from the band during their national tour with Damaged and Steve Essa from Cryogenic filled in for him. In April 2001, Psi.Kore toured nationally with Cradle of Filth and Lilley was fired from the band immediately afterward, to be replaced by Ben Walker. Lilley later joined Infernal Method.
Psi.Kore toured with Megadeth in August 2001 and again appeared at Metal for the Brain. Walker was replaced by ex-Psi.Kore guitarist Aaron Bilbija in January 2002. After that the band's sound changed quite dramatically to a style bordering on death metal but with a full-length album looming Psi.Kore suddenly split up in August 2002 when Bilbija, Webster and Matt Lamb all left the group to form Daysend.
External links.
Band Profile at metal-archives.com

</doc>
<doc id="18357878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18357878" title="Cathal mac Dúnlainge">
Cathal mac Dúnlainge

Cathal mac Dúnlainge (died 819) was a king of the Uí Cheinnselaig of South Leinster. He was of the Sil Máeluidir sept of this branch of the Laigin, who were found in the later baronies of Shelmalier on the lower reaches of the Slaney River in southern modern County Wexford. He ruled from 809 to 819.
The Uí Dróna had been the dominant sept in Uí Cheinnselaig for much of the last half of the 8th century and the last member of the Sil Máeluidir sept to hold the throne had died in 770. Cathal acquired the throne after the death of his predecessor Cellach Tosach mac Donngaile of the Uí Dróna in 809. In 814 Cathal came into conflict with the Uí Dúnlainge over kings of Leinster under Muiredach mac Brain (died 818) in which the Uí Cheinnselaig were overthrown.
Cathal appears to have attempted to take control of the local monasteries to strengthen his sept. In 817 he led forces which included men from the monastery of Tech Munnu (Taghmon) in an attack on the community of Ferns where 400 were slain by him. At his death obit in 819 he is styled King of the Uí Cheinnselaig and prior or vice abbot of Ferns

</doc>
<doc id="18357891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18357891" title="Tokyo!">
Tokyo!

Tokyo! is a 2008 anthology film containing three segments written by three non-Japanese directors, all of which were filmed in Tokyo, Japan. Michel Gondry directed "Interior Design", Leos Carax directed "Merde", and Bong Joon-ho directed "Shaking Tokyo".
Plot.
Directed by Michel Gondry. It is an adaptation of the short story comic "Cecil and Jordan in New York" by Gabrielle Bell.
Hiroko and Akira (Ayako Fujitani and Ryō Kase) are a young couple from the provinces who arrive in Tokyo with limited funds, short-term lodging and what appears to be a solid and mutually supportive relationship that will seemingly carry them through any challenge. Akira is an aspiring filmmaker whose debut feature will soon screen in the city — and hopefully lead to a more solid career; in the interim, he lands work wrapping gifts at a local department store. After securing short-term housing in the cramped studio apartment of old school chum Akemi (Ayumi Ito) — a career girl with a demanding boyfriend who grows weary of Akemi's houseguests — Hiroko hits the streets of Tokyo in search of a suitable apartment, finding a series of rat-infested hovels that neither she nor Akira can afford on their limited salaries. After Akira's film screens to dubious acclaim, one spectator informs Hiroko of the inherent struggles in relationships between creative types: often, one half of a couple feels invisible, useless, or unappreciated, something Hiroko relates to wholeheartedly in the wake of her numerous trials and tribulations in the unfamiliar city of Tokyo. She starts to question her role in the relationship, resulting in a startling transformation in which she turns into a wooden chair, and is taken in by a young man.
Directed by Léos Carax.
Merde (French for "shit") is the name given to an unkempt, gibberish-spewing subterranean creature of the Tokyo sewers, played by Denis Lavant, who rises from the underground lair where he dwells to attack unsuspecting locals in increasingly brazen and terrifying ways: he steals cash and cigarettes from passersby, frightens old women and salaciously licks schoolgirls, resulting in a televised media frenzy that creates mounting hysteria among the Tokyo populace. After discovering an arsenal of hand grenades in his underground lair, Merde slips into full-on assault mode, hurling the munitions at random citizens and creating a Godzilla-like atmosphere of urban terror, which the media promptly laps up and reflects back to its equally voracious television audience. Enter pompous French magistrate Maître Voland (Jean-François Balmer) — a dead ringer for the sewer creature's gnarled and twisted demeanor — who arrives in Tokyo to represent Merde's inevitable televised trial, claiming to be one of only three in the world able to speak his client's unintelligible language. The media circus mounts as lawyer defends client in a surreal court of law hungry for a satisfying resolution. Merde is tried, convicted and sentenced to death — until justice takes an unexpected turn.
Directed by Bong Joon-ho.
Teruyuki Kagawa stars as a Tokyo shut-in, or hikikomori, who has not left his apartment in a decade. His only link to the outside world is through his telephone, which he uses to command every necessity from a series of random and anonymous delivery people, including the pizza that he orders every Saturday and the hundreds of discarded pizza cartons he meticulously stacks in and around his cramped apartment, along with books, cardboard tubes from toilet paper. But one day is different — his pizza arrives thanks to a lovely young woman (Yū Aoi) who succeeds in catching the shut-in's eye. Suddenly an earthquake strikes Tokyo, prompting the beautiful young delivery woman to faint in her client's apartment, causing the hikikimori to fall hopelessly in love. Time passes and the shut-in discovers through another pizza delivery person that the improbable object of his affections has become a hikikimori in her own right. Taking a bold leap into the unknown, our hero crosses the threshold of his apartment and takes to the streets in search of his mystery girl, at last discovering his kindred spirit at the very moment another earthquake strikes.
Music.
During the credits HASYMO's single "Tokyo Town Pages" plays. The trailer features the track "Be Good" by Canadian indie-rock band Tokyo Police Club.

</doc>
<doc id="18357900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18357900" title="Kang San-ae">
Kang San-ae

Kang San Ae (born 3 November 1963 in Geo-je in Southern Gyeongsang) is a South Korean musician. He graduated from Dongrae High School in Busan and studied oriental medicine at Kyung Hee University. 
Career.
San Ae made his debut with the album "Ra-gu-you" in 1993. His second album, "You can do it", which was released in 1994, acquired more popularity than the first album. Since his third album, "Ppittagi" in 1996, he has worked with Japanese guitarist Gasga Hirohumihachi.
He had a performance for 6 days which is titled "Let's go on a picnic to the riverside and mountains" at a small theater in Daehakro, a famous spot in Seoul. Hachi and Natil, who performed percussion instruments, joined the concert with him. Recordings of the performance were put on the album "Let's go on a picnic Best Live".

</doc>
<doc id="18357912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18357912" title="Steven Byess">
Steven Byess

Steven Byess is an American orchestral conductor.
Early career.
Byess attended Georgia State University, receiving a Bachelor of Music Degree in classical performance and jazz studies, and Cleveland Institute of Music, from which he received Master of Music degree. While there he studied with Louis Lane,Carl Topilow in the area of conducting. He also attended the Pierre Monteux Memorial School for Conductors. Byess was an assistant to conductor Robert Shaw at the Shaw Institute in Souilliac, France.
Recent work.
Byess conducts symphony orchestras and opera companies, also working in the genres of Broadway, jazz and television. He recently finished an 11 year tenure as the Associate Music Director of the Ohio Light Opera where he conducted over 400 performances of 50 diverse operas, operettas, and musical theater works.
Byess is the Music Director of the Tupelo Symphony Orchestra and serves as Cover Conductor for the Detroit Symphony Orchestra, Music Director for the Arkansas Philharmonic, Opera Conductor for the Cleveland Institute of Music and California State University, Los Angeles.
With the Ohio Light Opera, Byess is featured on 11 CD recordings by Newport Classic, Albany Records, and Operetta Archives. In the summer of 2007, Byess conducted Bernstein's "Candide" at the Pine Mountain Music Festival and Puccini's La bohème in Tel Aviv at the International Vocal Arts Institute. In November and December 2007, Byess conducted his third U.S. tour with the Sinfonia Chamber Orchestra from Krakow, Poland.
Byess was chosen by Walt Disney World Entertainment to conduct the 2000 NFL E*TRADE Super Bowl Halftime show.
Current Calendar.
He is in demand for a full variety of concert conducting activities.
Other interests.
Byess wrote and co-directed the PBS children's presentation "Count On It!".

</doc>
<doc id="18357939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18357939" title="Pere de Queralt">
Pere de Queralt

Pere de Queralt () (died 1408) was a Catalan nobleman, diplomat, and poet; "una destacada figura del seu temps" (a distinguished figure of his age). He was the nephew of Guerau de Queralt, husband of Clemença de Perellós, and lord of Santa Coloma. He is not to be confused with the knight Pere de Queralt of the thirteenth century, who reportedly fought a lion and won: an act commemorated in a carved vault keystone in the church of Santa Maria de Bell-lloc in Santa Coloma.
In 1389 Pere was one of the barons that revolted against John I at Calasanç after having signed the sentence against Carroça de Vilaragut. Pere joined the rebels in order to advance his stepmother and sister-in-law, Lionor de Perellós, who was subsequently raised to Carroça's former position.
In 1392 Pere participated in an expedition to Sicily. In 1397, after becoming a councillor and chamberlain of the king, he went on a diplomatic mission to Rome to participate in negotiations to resolve the Western Schism. There he probably first encountered Italian literature. In July that same year the king received a petition for aid from some Christian captives held at Tunis. When Pere returned to Valencia from Rome in January 1398 he was immediately sent, with one galley, to Tunis to negotiate their freedom. This he successfully did by promising to restore some sacred Muslim objects taken during the sack of Torreblanco. In 1398 he actively supported the Crusade waged by Martin of Aragon against the Berbers in Africa. In April 1399 and then in 1402–3 he was again ambassador to Tunis. This last embassy resulted in a peace treaty, but the rescue of only a select few captives. Pere died in 1408.
Pere left behind a sizable collection of books, which were catalogued by his widow. The record indicates that Pere owned several Old French books: a "Lancelot", a "Roman de la Rose", three chansonniers, a "Tristan", and a "Remey d'amor", probably a translation of Ovid's "Remedia amoris". As a poet himself, Pere was also interested in works of grammar and language. His library included the "Razos de trobar" of Raimon Vidal de Bezaudun and the "Libre de concordances" (or "Diccionari de rims") of Jaume March II.
Pere as poet has left us only one piece, "Sens pus tardar me ve de vos partir" (or "Ses pus tardar me ve de vós partir"). The language of the poem is unique, consisting of a Catalan base which has accrued a patina of Occitanisms. The poem is a harsh and violent "maldit-comiat", in which Pere accuses his lady of having three lovers in a single day. When Pere takes leave of his lady, he does so with a metaphor of the "rabasta". He will not sing for his lady any more ""cançó, dansa ni lai"", since she has turned such things into a "rabasta", the part of saddle that wraps around a horse's posterior between its tail and its buttocks. The reference suggests that Pere composed songs previously, and in the French tradition, though none survive. "Sens pus tardar me ve de vos partir" is written in an Italian style (though not an Italian tone). Pere seems to have been inspired by the sonnet "Benedetto sia'l giorno e'l mese e l'anno" by Petrarch. Pere is one of the first Italianate writers of Catalonia, yet his style cannot be called Petrarchan because of its brazen tone; rather it is a parody of Petrarch.

</doc>
<doc id="18357982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18357982" title="Downtown Columbia, Missouri">
Downtown Columbia, Missouri

Downtown Columbia is the central business, government and social core of Columbia, Missouri and the Columbia Metropolitan Area. The area is bordered by three colleges: the University of Missouri, Stephens College, and Columbia College. 
Downtown Columbia Historic District, listed on the National Register of Historic Places, covers much of the downtown area. This historic district was created in 2006 following the removal of concrete awnings.

</doc>
<doc id="18357991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18357991" title="BOV Super Cup">
BOV Super Cup

The Super Cup known as BOV Super Cup for sponsorship reasons is a football (soccer) competition that takes place in Gozo, Malta.
The cup holders are Qala St. Joseph which won the cup after beating Nadur Youngsters in the final. This competition is contested by the winners of the First Division and the winners or runners-up of the G.F.A. Cup. The first Super Cup took place in the season 1988-1989. The Super Cup final ends the football season in Gozo.
Cup Winners.
Here is a complete list of the past champions of the Super Cup

</doc>
<doc id="18358002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18358002" title="Downtown Columbia Historic District">
Downtown Columbia Historic District

Downtown Columbia Historic District may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18358036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18358036" title="Yunnan Arts University">
Yunnan Arts University

"Yunnan Arts Institute " (), founded in 1959, is a Chinese Institute located in Kunming, Yunnan Province, China.

</doc>
<doc id="18358044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18358044" title="Lepidospartum latisquamum">
Lepidospartum latisquamum

Lepidospartum latisquamum is a species of flowering shrub in the daisy family known by the common name Nevada broomsage. It is native to the southwestern United States from California to Utah, where it grows in woodland and scrub. This is a broomlike shrub growing ribbed stems upright to form a narrow, erect profile. The ridges of the stem are hairless, while the grooves between them are coated in grayish woolly hairs. The leaves are needlelike to thready, 2 to 3 centimeters long and mostly hairless. The inflorescence is a loose cluster of 3 to 5 flower heads. Each head has a nearly cylindrical base of flat, wide phyllaries. It is discoid, containing about five yellow disc florets and no ray florets. The fruit is a hairy, ridged achene with a pappus of long bristles. 

</doc>
<doc id="18358046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18358046" title="Rosson Crow">
Rosson Crow

Rosson Crow (born 1982) is a painter working in Los Angeles, United States.
Education.
She graduated with a BFA from School of Visual Arts, New York in 2004 and an MFA from Yale in 2006. She grew up in Dallas, Texas.
Life and work.
She is known for her exuberant large-scale depictions of nostalgia-laden interiors that blend historical allusion and theatrical illusion. Her paintings are inspired by diverse references – Baroque and Rococo interior design, cowboy culture, Las Vegas architecture, theatre and music. "Night at the Palomino, 1984" (2007) describes a scene at the legendary Hollywood nightclub that, in its heyday, played host to artists such as Johnny Cash, Patsy Cline and Willie Nelson. "Koenig House" (2007) features Case Study House #22, as immortalised in Julius Schulman’s iconic black and white photographs of the classic modernist building, this time rendered in vivid Technicolor. "Live in the Black Pussy" (2007) pays homage to artist Jason Rhodes’ eponymous installation that was housed in a vast warehouse near Crow’s studio in Los Angeles.
After discovering the work of the young artist in Yale in 2005, the French art dealer Nathalie Obadia put on the first exhibition of the artist in France. 
Crow was included in the 2006 Wall Street Journal article titled "The 23-Year Old Masters," which selected ten top emerging US artists including Dash Snow, Ryan Trecartin, Zane Lewis, and Keegan McHargue.
A publication of Rosson Crow’s work, "Night at the Palomino", was published by Honor Fraser in 2007. It contains an essay by Norman Klein, who describes the work as “massively architectonic, very immersive, … like a Baroque castle inside a theme park, historical paintings inside a half-baked memory system, inside a desire that has been marketed, but never satisfied.”
Crow completed a residency at Cite Internationale des Arts in Paris in 2006 and has had solo exhibitions at Honor Fraser, Los Angeles; CANADA, New York, and Galerie Nathalie Obadia, Paris. She had a show at White Cube, London in January 2009 and a Focus Exhibition at the Modern Art Museum of Fort Worth, Texas in April 2009.
From November 2009 to January 2010, Galerie Nathalie Obadia put on Rosson Crow's second exhibition in France. The exhibition, entitled "Paris, Texas", shown Rosson Crow's ability to blend her fascination for European history with her American and Texan inheritance into very colourful and powerful paintings.

</doc>
<doc id="18358060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18358060" title="Geology of Jersey">
Geology of Jersey

The geology of Jersey is characterised by the Late Proterozoic Brioverian volcanics, the Cadomian Orogeny, and only small signs of later deposits from the Cambrian and Quaternary periods. The kind of rocks go from conglomerate to shale, volcanic, intrusive and plutonic igneous rocks of many compositions, and metamorphic rocks as well, thus including most major types.
Brioverian sediments.
The Brioverian rocks were formed between 900 and 700 mya. They were named after Briovère, the native name for St. Lô, in Normandy, which is the first area these rocks were described from. They start with turbidites in the west, centre and south of Jersey, including at St Ouens Bay, and St Aubins Bay. The Brioverian sedimentary rocks are all well bedded and were originally the mid and outer parts of a submarine fan. This constitutes the Jersey Shale Formation. The shale is found at Gorey Harbour in the east coast, and La Belle Hougue Point, and Le Mont Mado granite has an occurrence. The shale is more easily eroded, and this has affected the shape of the island by the concave St Ouens's Bay and St Aubin's Bay. The deepest valleys (Valley of St. Peter and St. Lawrence) are cut into this soft rock. Other sediments associated with the shale are mudstone, and fine grained sandstone. Various sedimentary structures include flute and bounce castes, ripple lamination, graded bedding, cross bedding, and boudinage. The shale layers have been identified as Association IV in the submarine fan.
The sandstone is Association III of the submarine fan. Greywacke is termed Association IV along with the shale. It is found in the same areas as the shale. In an analysis of the greywacke it has fragments with 70% quartz, 10% to 15% plagioclase and microcline feldspar, 2% dark iron containing minerals, with carbon flakes, in a matrix of 10 to 20% clay. The minerals contained are very diverse indicating a broad source area. 
Conglomerate, termed Association I from the upper parts of the fan, is found in lenticular bodies near St Peter's Valley, at Gargate Mill. The pebbles in the conglomerate are of multiple kinds of rock. The granite intrusions at the boundary of the formation have caused metamorphism and intrusion by dykes.
In the L'Êtacq area the metamorphis has produces spotted hornfels with a grey colour. The spots are darker, containing cordierite and biotite. At St. Ouën's Bay the metamorphosis of greywacke has made hornblende-hornfels. Regional metamorphism has converted the shale to a low greenschist facies, where clay is converted to chlorite. 
The interpretation of this area is that is a part of the north facing continental slope of Armorica facing a subduction zone, where the Celtic oceanic plate was converging and descending in the trench. The sediments were carried by rivers from the Le Vast Arc, a strip of land oriented east north east, that lay to the south of Jersey. The sea at this time was termed l' Océan de la Manche.
Brioverian volcanics.
These sediments were uplifted and are overlaid by volcanic rocks of the Jersey Volcanic Group around 530 Mya. The magma came from the subduction zones below and to the north of the island. Andesite from St. Saviour's Andesite Formation is in the centre and in the north at Les Rouaux. It is coloured grey and includes some basalt and pyroclastic fallout such as tuff and agglomerate. Porphyritic andesite is dark grey with white crystals of plagioclase feldspar embedded. Outcrops occur on the coast at Giffards Bay on the north coast and Vicard Point on the east coast. The volcanoes were to the north east and south. Vicard Tuff contains bombs. The Long Echet Tuff contains large crystals of quartz and feldspar and strands of quartz. Les Rouaux Agglomerate and L' Homme Mort Agglomerate contain fragments of the surrounding rocks including shale and andesite embedded in a feldspar matrix. The Les Rouaux Agglomerate also contains pumice. This was eroded before the next phase of volcanism.
Porphoritic rhyolite of St. John's Rhyolite Formation is found to the north east of the centre. It contains banded flows and ignimbrite. Totally it is 950 meters thick. It contains shards of glass and pumice. Different flows exits with sections called Bonne Nuit Ignimbrite followed by Frémont Ignimbrite on the north coast. They contain xenoliths of the andesite and shale found in Jersey. Also there are local mudstone and conglomerate deposited on the flows. The conglomerate is called L'Homme Mort Conglomerate. 
The Jeffrey's Leap Ignimbrite is overlaid by the Anne Port Ignimbrite named after locations on the east coast. The Trinity Ignimbrite is a purple tuff near Les Grands Vaux, inland.
Fine grained rhyolite of Bouley Rhyolite Formation occurs even further to the north east. This is 430 metres thick. At Giffard Bay are Gifford Rhyolite, Gifford Andesite, Gifford Ignimbrite and Gifford Tuffs. Les Platons Rhyolite top this off. These rocks contain xenoliths and tuff deposits from lakes and streams. The Les Platons Rhyolite contains spherulites. Spherulites are also found at Les Hurets on Bouley Bay. At Bouley Bay there are three units of ignimbrite: the Lower Bouley Ignimbrite, Middle Bouley Ignimbrite and Upper Bouley Ignimbrite. These contain flow banding and spherulites up to 10 cm and eutaxitic and fiamme textures. The Anne Port Rhyolite is the bottom unit on the east coast. This is massive but columnar jointed. It shows flow banding. It resembles the Giants Causeway at La Crête Point.
Le Havre de Fer Beach has an outcrop of columnar rhyloite that has been separated by faulting from the rest of the units. North of Archirondel Round Tower there are three more flows stacked on top of each other called Archirondel Ignimbrite, Dolmen Ignimbrite and St. Catherine's Ignimbrite. These are separated from each other by layers of tuff, and are coloured maroon by hematite. They consist of pumice, quartz crystals and feldspar in a feldspar rich matrix.
Cadomian Orogeny.
Intrusions were formed during the Cadomian Orogeny between . In this orogeny the rocks were first crushed and folded with East West pressure, then later they were compressed in the north south direction. Gabbro is found at Sorel Point. This rock can be observed to transition into diorite by changes in the mineral content and texture. Layered gabbro has also been changed into diorite at Le Nez point, the southernmost point of the main island. The diorite is emplaced at and near Sorel point, and at several places along the south coast east of Saint Helier. It also is found on the south east tidal rock platform.
Granite intrudes into the north west, south west and south east. The south west granite also includes porphyries and some fine grained sections.
The south west granites are 550 - 480 mya, and has three intrusions. The intrusions are called Corbière Granite, La Moye Granite, and Beau Port Granite. They are coloured pale to deep red. The north west area was intruded with four intrusions. One of these intrusions contained the gabbro and diorite. These granites are coloured grey-pink and orange, with the gabbro a dark grey, and the diorite speckled grey. 
There are also pink and red aplite veins in the igneous complexes up to 5 cm wide. The aplite is the lowest melting remanent of the granite magma, that is poor in volatiles. The aplite minerals include tourmaline, topaz and fluorite. At St Brelade's Bay there are two aplogranites: Beau Port Granite and La Moye Granite. This is coloured yellow brown to pink and contains fine crystals of perthite, and oligoclase and quartz, coloured by limonite. Other parts more rich in volatiles have formed pegmatites featuring milky quartz and pink orthoclase.
The north west area was intruded with four intrusions. The magma came from a volcanic arc. One of these intrusions contained the gabbro and diorite. The granites are coloured grey-pink and orange, with the gabbro a dark grey, and the diorite speckled grey. The main intrusion is the St. Mary's Granite . One other intrusion was an aplogranite called Mont Mado granite, or Red Granite solidified . This is mostly made from fine grained quartz and Perthite, but is coloured red yellow and brown. A third porphyritic granite is .
The south east granites moved into the south east about the same time. The components here are called Fort Regent/Elizabeth Castle Granophyre, Dicq Granite, Longueville Granite, and La Roque Granite.
The plutonic rocks are not foliated, showing that the orogeny was near completion at the time they formed.
Rozel Conglomerate.
The land here was uplifted and eroded in the Cambrian. A coarse conglomerate known as Rozel Conglomerate was washed in by a flash flood flowing from somewhere to the north of the island during the Cambrian to Ordovician time period. This conglomerate is on the north east cape at Rozel. The pebbles consist of andesite, rhyolite, granite and shale. The pebbles range from 1 cm to 60 cm, and are quite irregular. The conglomerate bed is above a bed of red sandstone and mudstone which has pits, probably being rain drop marks, and also has polygonal shaped cracks. Apart from the main outcrop, the conglomerate is also found in smaller areas at Les Hurets Valley, west of the Bouley Bay and at La Pierre de Fételle. The conglomerate is estimated to be Ordovician in age.
Variscan Orogeny.
Sinistral tear faults have affected the rock.
The Variscan Orogeny left a smaller print on the island, with the intrusion of some dykes, and some folding and jointing that affected the island's rocks including the Rozel Conglomerate. During the Mezozoic and Tertiary, Jersey was part the north west edge of Armorica. The dykes included a swarm of dolerite dykes, also lamprophyre, feldspar porphyry and aplite.
There is a known acid dykes of rhyolitic composition on the east side of Noirmont headland. This is 1 metre wide and coloured light grey to pink. It has an east-west strike. Porhyritic microgranite dykes occur below Le Saut Jeffroi, and south of Le Mont Orgueil. These have a NNE strike. 
The aplite dykes are one to two metres wide. 
There are two sets of lamprophyre dykes. Biotite lamprophyres (minettes) are oriented in the north west direction. They are coloured brown, and are up to 1 metre wide. They contain orthoclase. Hornblende lamprophyre (spessarites) contain plagioclase, coloured light brown and are oriented north-south. A hornblende lamprophyre dyke in the Rozel Conglomerate is dated at .
The Jersey Main Dyke Swarm consists of dolerite dykes intruded into the South East Igneous complex. Some dolerite dykes have a porphyry centre. The strike is north west, and the direction is vertical. Augite and labradorite are found in these dolerites.
In the north west there are sills of dolerite.
Tertiary.
During the Eocene limestone was deposited in the sea around Jersey, but none is actually on the island.
During the Tertiary the surface of the island was a plain at 60 to 130 metres above sea level.
Quaternary.
The high surface has been eaten into by cliffs dropping down to 8 metres. These have been formed during the Quaternary when the sea level was around 8 metres above the current sea level. There are also raised beaches at 18 and 30 metres above current sea level. During the glacial periods valleys were eroded deeply below the sea level
These raised beaches are found at Portelet Bay, Giffard Bay, and Belcroute Bay. Flint is found amongst the pebbles on these beaches, and this is derived from chalk deposits only found underwater.
La Cotte de St Brelade has a Neanderthal rock shelter which was inhabited 200000 years ago by hunters of woolly mammoth and rhinoceros amongst other animals.
During the Quaternary Devensian glaciation, loess was deposited, blown in by wind from the west. The loess has formed thick deposits on the island interior and combined with periglacial frost shattered rock fragments sliding down the cliffs to form "head" which have themselves been eroded to form cliffs from 3 to 12 metres high. At Belcroute there is a more complex deposit of loess head on a raised beach deposit elevated at 8 metres, that sits on another loess deposit. Head occurs at the foot of cliffs along the north, north east and south west sides, and can also be found beneath wind blown sand at the bays of St. Ouen, St. Aubin, St. Clement and the Royal Bay of Grouville. The thickest parts of loess are five metres deep at St Clements and at La Hougue Bie on the eastern plateau. 
Peat occurs in the valleys. At Quetivel Mill in St. Peter’s Valley there is peat dated to 7600 BC which contains pollen from boreal forest.
The island was only separated from the continent of Europe by rising sea levels about 5000 BC during the new stone age.
There are several sea caves. A notable cave is the Le Creux du Vis. This cave has a tunnel going in from the beach at the base of the cliff, and a crater shaped opening with steep rocky sides above.
The only fossils date from the Quaternary, and are found in raised beaches, peat and clay. Mammuthus primigenius bones have been found at La Cotte de St. Brelade along with deer bones. Mollusk shells are found in the Loess and beach deposits. A submerged forest in St. Ouën's Bay between L'Ouzière slipway and Le Port Slipway has stumps of Birch and Alder (Betula sp and Alnus sp) from 1980 BC. Legends record that the sea encroached on the forest in the fifteenth century.
Economic geology.
At Le Pulec there is a small deposit of lead and zinc that was mined in the late 19th century, but the venture was unsuccessful. There are also some other small unmined mineral veins, such as ankerite, molybdenite and haematite.
Rocks have been used in Neolithic times to build dolmens. These are found at La Hougue Bie in St. Saviour and Le Mont Ubé dolmen, St. Clément and La Pouquelaye de Faldouet and Le Couperon.
China clay quarries used to be in what is now Handois reservoirs. Bricks have also been made from clay from St. Saviour. La Société Jersiaise is making a brick archive. 
Quarrying.
Granite quarrying still occurs in three quarries in the north west at Ronez, Gigoulande (by Granite Products company) and La Saline. The La Saline company produces decorative stone for building. The other two quarries produce aggregate for roads and concrete and a product called hoggin. There are many other disused or abandoned quarries that have been used for stone to make the buildings, castles, and piers on the island.
Sand.
Sand mining takes place at St. Ouen’s Bay in the west by Simon's Sand and Gravel, and formerly at Grouville in the east.
Water.
Ground water is found in rock fractures and to a limited extend in porous rocks, in the upper 40 meters. Ground water is irregular, with some perched aquifers and vertical screens preventing underground flow. The water underground is young (as determined by isotope analysis), replenished from the surface from local rain, and not by underground streams from Normandy.
Earthquakes.
Earth tremors occur more commonly near Jersey that other areas in the Channel Islands, with magnitudes up to 3. The epicentres are mostly on the sea floor to the west south and east.
Study.
La Société Jersiaise has a geology section that studies, presents talks, and tours of the Geology of the island. 
Geophysics.
The tidal range is high at 13 meters, exposing a wide rock platform around Jersey.
Western Jersey sedimentary rocks are underlain by shallow granite, and in eastern Jersey there is a high in the gravity field near Grande Charriere, which could be due to gabbro.

</doc>
<doc id="18358072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18358072" title="Archery at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Archery at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Archery at the 2008 Summer Paralympics consists of nine events, five for men and four for women. The competitions were held at the Olympic Green Archery Field from September 9 to September 15, 2008.
Classfication.
Archers are given a classification depending on the type and extent of their disability. The classification system allows archers to compete against others with a similar level of function.
Archery classes are:
Events.
For each of the events below, medals are contested for one or more of the above classifications.
Qualification.
There will be 136 athletes (88 males, 48 females) competing in this sport.
Medal summary.
Medal table.
This ranking sorts countries by the number of gold medals earned by their archers (in this context a country is an entity represented by a National Paralympic Committee). The number of silver medals is taken into consideration next and then the number of bronze medals. If, after the above, countries are still tied, equal ranking is given and they are listed alphabetically.

</doc>
<doc id="18358073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18358073" title="General Electric J87">
General Electric J87

The General Electric J87 (company designation X211) was a nuclear-powered turbojet engine designed to power the proposed WS-125 long-range bomber. The program was started in 1955 in conjunction with Convair for a joint engine/airframe proposal for the WS-125. It was one of two nuclear-powered gas turbine projects undertaken by GE, the other one being the X39 project.
The X211 was a relatively large turbojet engine of straight conventional layout, save for the combustion chamber being replaced with a heat exchanger. It featured variable-stator compressors and an afterburner. A single nuclear reactor was intended to supply heat to two X211 engines.
In 1956, the USAF decided that the proposed WS-125 bomber was unfeasible as an operational strategic aircraft. In spite of this, the X211 program was continued for another 3 years, albeit with no target application. It was finally terminated in mid-1959, and by 1961, all funding for nuclear propulsion was canceled.

</doc>
<doc id="18358121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18358121" title="2008 American League Division Series">
2008 American League Division Series

The 2008 American League Division Series (ALDS), the first round of the 2008 American League playoffs, consisted of two best-of-five series. They were: 
Since the Twins and the White Sox completed the regular season with identical records (88–74), the two teams played against each other in a one-game playoff. The White Sox defeated the Twins, 1–0, and thus became the AL Central champions.
__TOC__
Los Angeles vs. Boston.
Game 1, October 1.
Angel Stadium of Anaheim in Anaheim, California
In a re-match of last year's ALDS, starters Jon Lester and John Lackey were sharp early on, each tossing a couple of scoreless innings. The Angels finally got on the board in the third, when Torii Hunter singled home Garret Anderson to put the Angels up 1–0. Lackey held the Red Sox scoreless until the sixth, when newly acquired left fielder Jason Bay hit a two-run homer to put the Sox up 2–1. It would stay 2–1 until the ninth. The Sox got a couple of insurance runs, with Jacoby Ellsbury and David Ortiz each singling home a run. Jonathan Papelbon struck out the side in the bottom of the ninth for his fifth career postseason save. This marked the Angels' 10th consecutive playoff game loss to the Red Sox (dating back to Game 5 of the 1986 American League Championship Series), as well as their eighth consecutive playoff game loss overall (dating back to Game 2 of the 2005 ALCS).
Game 2, October 3.
Angel Stadium of Anaheim in Anaheim, California
The Red Sox jumped out to an early lead in the first thanks to a three-run homer by Jason Bay. The Angels scored one run in the first off of an effective but inefficient Daisuke Matsuzaka and continued to chip away at Boston's lead throughout the game. In total, the Angels recorded 11 hits with 10 of them being singles. In the eighth inning Mark Teixeira tied the game with a sacrifice fly off of Jonathan Papelbon who had to enter the game prematurely due to Justin Masterson giving up a leadoff triple. The game entered the ninth inning tied at five but that deadlock was broken after a double by David Ortiz and a two-run home run to center by J. D. Drew off of Angels closer Francisco Rodríguez. Rodríguez was charged with the loss and although Papelbon had a blown save he also recorded the win. Boston lead the series two games to none headed back to Fenway Park. With their eleventh consecutive playoff win over the Angels, the Red Sox broke the record for consecutive playoff wins over another team, which had been set against them by the Oakland Athletics who beat the Red Sox in 10 consecutive playoff games from 1988 to 2003.
Game 3, October 5.
Fenway Park in Boston, Massachusetts
The Angels got to an early lead when Juan Rivera drew a bases loaded walk to score Chone Figgins from third. A fielding miscue by the Angels in the second inning caused a fly ball hit by Jacoby Ellsbury to drop between Torii Hunter and Howie Kendrick in shallow center field, scoring three runs (Jed Lowrie, Jason Varitek, and Coco Crisp) and giving the Red Sox a two-run lead. The next inning, Mike Napoli tied the score with a two-run home run over the Green Monster that completely left the ballpark. In the fifth inning, Napoli hit another home run over the Monster, giving the Angels a one-run lead. Ellsbury and Kevin Youkilis hit back-to-back doubles in the bottom half of the inning to tie the score at four apiece. The score remained deadlocked until the top of the 12th inning, when Napoli scored from second on an Erick Aybar single. The Angels' win ended an 11-game postseason losing streak against the Red Sox that dated back to 1986, and a nine-game overall postseason skid that dated back to 2005.
Game 4, October 6.
Fenway Park in Boston, Massachusetts
The game remained scoreless for the first four and a half innings thanks to sharp pitching from both John Lackey and Jon Lester. In the bottom of the fifth inning, Boston got its first run when Jacoby Ellsbury grounded out to second base, scoring Mark Kotsay from third base. Howie Kendrick bobbled the ball and was unable to try for a double play, which would have ended the inning. Dustin Pedroia then hit a double off the left field wall to score Jason Varitek from second. In the eighth inning, a passed ball allowed Mark Teixeira and Vladimir Guerrero to advance on second and third, and they subsequently scored on a single by Torii Hunter to tie the game. In the top of the ninth inning, the Angels threatened with a leadoff double by pinch hitter Kendry Morales followed by a sacrifice bunt, but when Erick Aybar failed to make contact on a suicide squeeze attempt, the runner was tagged out. In the bottom of the ninth inning, Jed Lowrie won the game with a walk-off single, scoring Jason Bay from second base.
Curiously, the last team to win their division by at least 20 games, the 1999 Cleveland Indians, also lost to Boston in the ALDS.
Composite box.
2008 ALDS (3–1): Boston Red Sox over Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim
Tampa Bay vs. Chicago.
Game 1, October 2.
Tropicana Field in St. Petersburg, Florida
Rookie Evan Longoria was the Rays hitting star, going 3-for-3, with two home runs and three RBIs. Longoria's homers came in consecutive at-bats against White Sox starter Javier Vázquez, and he became only the second ever player to homer in his first two career post-season at-bats, the other being Gary Gaetti in 1987. The Rays also scored on RBI hits from Akinori Iwamura and Carl Crawford. DeWayne Wise and Paul Konerko homered for the White Sox.
Game 2, October 3.
Tropicana Field in St. Petersburg, Florida
The Rays took a 2–0 series lead behind an effective but shaky Scott Kazmir, who gave up eight hits and two runs in five innings. Mark Buehrle gave up five earned runs, giving up second baseman Akinori Iwamura's go-ahead two-run homer in the fifth, which put the Rays up for good. Carl Crawford, Rocco Baldelli and Dioner Navarro all drove in runs.
Game 3, October 5.
U.S. Cellular Field in Chicago, Illinois
The Rays got on the board first when Akinori Iwamura singled with two outs in the second inning to score Dioner Navarro. Chicago evened the score in the bottom of the third inning when DeWayne Wise scored on a single by A. J. Pierzynski after stealing second base. Chicago took the lead in the bottom of the fourth when Alexei Ramírez hit a sacrifice fly with the bases loaded and one out. Then DeWayne Wise doubled to score Paul Konerko and Ken Griffey, Jr. In the sixth inning, the White Sox added an insurance run when Juan Uribe drove in Brian Anderson with two outs. The Rays finally chased starter John Danks after a two-run homer by B. J. Upton and a single by Carlos Peña. Neither bullpen allowed any runs; Bobby Jenks recorded the save.
Game 4, October 6.
U.S. Cellular Field in Chicago, Illinois
The Rays established an early lead after two solo home runs by B. J. Upton in the first and third innings, and never gave up the lead. The Rays added two more runs in the fourth on consecutive hits by Cliff Floyd and Dioner Navarro, and added two more runs on RBI singles by Carlos Peña in the fifth and seventh innings. The White Sox scored twice on two solo home runs by Paul Konerko (fourth inning) and Jermaine Dye (sixth inning), both off Rays starter Andy Sonnanstine who allowed three hits in innings.
Composite box.
2008 ALDS (3–1): Tampa Bay Rays over Chicago White Sox

</doc>
<doc id="18358129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18358129" title="Kid Lavigne">
Kid Lavigne

George Henry "Kid" Lavigne (December 6, 1869 - March 9, 1928) was boxing's first world lightweight champion, winning the title on June 1, 1896.
Early life.
He was born in Bay City, Michigan to French-Canadian parents, Jean Baptiste Lavigne and Marie Agnes Dufort, who immigrated to the area from St. Polycarpe, Quebec in 1868. As a youth he worked in his mother's boarding house and later trained as a "cooper" in a sawmill, building barrels to ship salt, a byproduct of many of the mills in the area that sat upon large salt deposits. The "Kid" got the boxing bug from his brother Billy Lavigne who was tutored in the fistic arts by black heavyweight and local barber, C.A.C. Smith. Billy would later become the Kid's manager through various parts of his professional career. Lavigne began his amateur boxing career by taking on the best bare-knuckle fighters of the logging camps. He had his professional debut as a 16 year old, fighting under the Marquess of Queensberry rules with gloved fists and timed rounds against Morris McNally. It was a first round knockout.
Pro career.
Kid Lavigne became a professional boxer in 1886 and was undefeated with 32 wins, 11 draws, 10 no decisions and 1 no contest in his first 54 fights over a span of 12 and 1/2 years. After handily defeating the local talent of the area in his first 12 fights he fought journeyman George Siddons in two epic battles of 77 and 55 rounds in a span of two months. The first bout went five hours and nine minutes...the longest fight to date under Queensberry rules. While both were ruled draws Siddons conceded defeat in the second bout and with it Kid Lavigne became lightweight champion of the Northwest.
After fighting several bouts on the West Coast in the early 1890s he landed a bout in 1894 with the lightweight champion of Australia, Albert Griffiths, aka Young Griffo. Griffo was considered by all to be the most gifted boxer of the era whose ability to avoid getting hit was legendary. The Kid managed to get a draw in this eight round contest and a year later another draw over 20 rounds. In December 1894 he fought the lightweight champion of the south, Andy Bowen, a veteran of the longest fight in the history of modern boxing, a 110 round, 7 hour and 19 minute marathon. It was in the 18th round that Bowen, being beaten badly by the swarming Lavigne, was knocked down hitting his head sharply on the unpadded ring surface. He never regained consciousness and died the next morning at 7:00 am.
At first Lavigne was arrested for the death of Bowen but was later found to be innocent of any wrongdoing as a coroner's inquest ruled that Bowen's death was the result of hitting his head on the floor of the ring.
After Lavigne's disastrous defeat of Bowen he was universally recognized as the American lightweight champion. He was finding it increasingly hard to get matches in his own weight class and was matched to fight Barbados Joe Walcott, the "Barbados Demon". Walcott, a natural welterweight, was feared by fighters as big as heavyweights. In what has become known as possibly the greatest fight of the early Queensberry era, Lavigne, battered and bloodied with John L. Sullivan at ringside pleading with the referee to halt the carnage, rallied for the win by pummelling Walcott in the latter part of the 15-round bout.
With few left stateside to challenge the indefatigable Lavigne, he sailed for London to fight "Iron Man" Dick Burge, the English champion in June 1896. He stunned Burge with his relentless pressure and hard hitting, knocking him down repeatedly in the 16th and 17th rounds before the referee called a halt and awarded the fight to Lavigne by technical knockout. He was now the first undisputed lightweight champion of the world under Marquess of Queensberry rules. He successfully defended his title six times, including a rematch with Joe Wolcott where he punished Walcott through 12 rounds. Just prior to the beginning of the 13th a sponge sailed into the ring from Walcott's corner signaling the end. Feeling somewhat invincible the Kid decided to try his skills in a heavier weight class when he challenged his good friend and current welterweight champion, "Mysterious" Billy Smith. In March 1899 Lavigne fought briskly for 10 rounds getting the best of Smith. The tide turned and Smith had him out on his feet in the 14th and was sizing-up the knockout blow when the Kid's manager and brother, Billy Lavigne, stepped into the ring stopping the fight. Smith won on a technical knockout...the Kid's first loss of his career. He lost the title in a 20 round decision to Frank Erne in July 1899. Lavigne was beaten again in 1899 by George "Elbows" McFadden by knockout in the 19th round.
Retirement.
He fought on sparingly over the next few years, but his addiction to alcohol and his lack of proper training took its toll. After another knockout at the hands of young Jimmy Britt Lavigne sailed for France and opened a boxing school in Paris for three years. He returned to the states and opened a saloon in Detroit, "Kid Lavigne's Triangle Cafe". He continued to believe he could make a comeback bid, fighting a few exhibitions and his final match against "Fighting" Dick Nelson in 1909, in which he lost in six rounds. Finally closing his saloon in late 1913 he ended up in the employ of the Ford Motor Company in 1917 at the Highland Park plant near where he lived in Detroit. After his first wife Julia Drujon died in 1922 he remarried in 1924 to Flora M. Davey. He had no children. He worked at Ford until his death of a heart attack at his residence at 111 LaBelle Avenue on March 9, 1928 at age 58 and is buried at Forest Lawn Cemetery in Saginaw.
Honors.
Lavigne was inducted into the Ring Hall of Fame in 1959, the Michigan Boxing Hall of Fame in 1965, the International Boxing Hall of Fame in 1998, the Bay County Sports Hall of Fame in 1998, and the Saginaw County Sports Hall of Fame in 2002.
In other media.
Writer Lauren D. Chouinard, a cousin of Kid Lavigne's, wrote a biography of the Kid titled: Muscle and Mayhem: The Saginaw Kid and the Fistic World of the 1890s (July 2013)
Writer Robert E. Howard wrote a poem eulogizing Kid Lavigne called "".

</doc>
<doc id="18358131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18358131" title="Capital Scandal">
Capital Scandal

Capital Scandal (; lit. "Scandal in Gyeongseong") is a 2007 South Korean television series starring Kang Ji-hwan, Han Ji-min, Ryu Jin and Han Go-eun. It aired on KBS2 from June 6 to August 2, 2007 on Wednesdays and Thursdays at 21:55 for 16 episodes.
Based on Lee Sun-mi's novel "Love Story in the Capital", the story juxtaposes the heroic anti-Japanese movement with young romance by depicting the capital Seoul of the 1930s during colonial rule, called "Gyeongseong" (hence its alternate title Scandal in Old Seoul). It was a time when the nation's independence fighters fought against pro-Japanese traitors, while traditional Joseon-era Confucian values clashed and coexisted with a more modern way of life. The series portrays one of the darkest periods of Korean history with a mixture of tragedy, comedy and romance.
Synopsis.
Sunwoo Wan (Kang Ji-hwan) is the one of the capital's most notorious womanizers who alleges that he can seduce any woman within 10 minutes. The handsome, fashionable and rich boy doesn't have worries about the fate of his country. He gambles with his colleagues on his ability to seduce Na Yeo-kyeong (Han Ji-min) whose nickname is Jomaja (the last woman of the Joseon Dynasty). She is known as a woman who doesn't care about her appearance and has no interest at all in dating. She runs a small bookstore while working as a volunteer teacher for poor children. Yeo-kyung is a very determined woman and has strong faith that her country will be liberated from Japan in the near future. Dating a guy or getting married is something she'll do only after the independence of her native land.
At first Wan doesn't take his bet seriously, but as events escalate in the capital, he finds himself falling in love with Yeo-kyung. She opens his eyes to the social injustices around him, which transforms him into becoming an independence movement activist himself. As Wan says, "Love is the strongest and most effective strategy for independence and revolution."

</doc>
<doc id="18358139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18358139" title="Starchild (band)">
Starchild (band)

Starchild was a Canadian progressive rock band that released an LP record called "Children of the Stars" on the Toronto based Axe label in 1978, followed by a single “No Control for Rock-n-Roll” " a few years later. Both records are quite rare and collectible.
The original line-up consisted of Rick Whittier (vocals), Bob Sprenger (guitars), Neil Light (bass), and Greg "Fritz" Hinz (drums). Hinz later joined Canadian rockers Helix and was replaced by Dixie Lee, formerly drummer of British rockers Lone Star, who was coming off a stint playing in Ozzy Osbourne's first solo project.
History.
Starchild was formed in 1975 in Cambridge, Ontario when Bob Sprenger, Rick Whittier, and Neil Light, who played in a steady gigging band called Gaslight, decided to reform as a heavier rock band. The name of the band came from the Starchild Trilogy written by Frederik Pohl and Jack Williamson. Most of the band members were huge science fiction fans, and when the band's producer Greg Hambleton (who also signed Steel River to his Tuesday label) wanted something more futuristic sounding than the previous name, Thorne, the name change to Starchild was unanimous. After going through a few different drummers, they hired Greg "Fritz" Hinz and hit the road full time. 
The band's first recording was a 2 song demo ("Party of the Toads" and "Tough Situation") produced and engineered by a young Daniel Lanois in his mother's basement in Ancaster in 1976. Lanois went on to produce U2, Peter Gabriel, and Brian Eno among others.
"Children of the Stars" was recorded in Toronto in the autumn of 1977 and released in the spring of 1978. The band opened for fellow Canadian rockers Triumph, Goddo, and Moxy as well as others. 
The album received moderate airplay across the country after release, mostly as promotion for the band's live appearances. Due to the fact there were no radio friendly commercial songs released as a charted single, it didn't chart. Being a very progressive rock style (influenced by other Canadian acts like Rush and Saga) in an age of Disco & New Wave music was detrimental as well.
Neil Light left the band for family reasons in 1979 and was replaced by Bill Mair and later Toronto native Wayne Brown. Fritz left to join Helix a few months later and was replaced by Dixie Lee. Starchild continued to tour across Canada, and although the band never made it to Europe, their records sold better there than they did in Canada. The single “No Control for Rock-n-Roll” was covered by a band from the Netherlands in the 1980s.
In early 1982, the band went into Metalworks Studios owned and operated by Triumph's Gil Moore, and recorded a two song demo ("Steamroller Rock", "I Need A Woman Tonight") to shop for a new record label. Their contract with Axe records was mutually ended because the label wanted the band to change their look & music style to the New Wave trend that was becoming popular due to the success of bands like The Knack. The band however wanted no part of that and decided to go in more of a heavy metal direction, influenced by bands like Judas Priest & Iron Maiden.
Toronto-based Attic Records were interested in signing the band but road fatigue took its toll, and Starchild split up in the summer of 1982 just before its Toronto audition for Attic. In the seven years between formation and breakup in 1982, Starchild toured across Canada constantly.
Bob Sprenger & Neil Light formed the band Thief in the Night in 1985, opening for Trooper & Platinum Blonde and others before disbanding in '90.
Sprenger recorded two CDs with power trio Distant Thunder in the early 90's & reunited with original Starchild bass player Neil Light to form the classic rock cover band Wake the Giants in 2001. With Canadian comedian Ron Pardo (History Bites) on drums and his brother Jason on lead vocals as well as new bass player Sam Barber (who replaced Light in 2011) the band does mostly covers including material from the "Children of the Stars" LP and still performs on a regular basis as of 2012.
Sprenger is also the lead guitarist for a vocalist/keyboardist from London Ontario named Kathryn Marquis. They recorded & released a live CD called "Your Kingdom Come" in 2011 and recently recorded more new material which will be released on CD in the near future.
Discography.
To date, the Starchild discography is yet to be reissued on compact disc or digitally.

</doc>
<doc id="18358160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18358160" title="Councils on Chiropractic Education International">
Councils on Chiropractic Education International

The Councils on Chiropractic Education International (CCEI) is an organization of chiropractic accrediting bodies worldwide. Organized in Brussels, in 2001, the CCEI is committed to excellence in chiropractic education through emphasis on quality in its International Chiropractic Accreditation Standards, and by aiding in the development and recognition of new accrediting bodies in geographic regions where such agencies are not currently recognized.
CCEI provides accreditation services through its assigned member organizations to chiropractic educational entities situated in areas not currently served by a CCEI member agency. Accreditation agency actions and status designations for chiropractic educational entities that award equivalent degrees are mutually endorsed on the basis of membership in CCEI.
Purpose.
The CCEI is committed to:
Membership.
Membership in CCEI is open to agencies organized to accredit chiropractic education that meet all requirements for CCEI recognition and are committed to ongoing compliance with the responsibilities of membership as stated in the CCEI Articles and Bylaws.
External links.
CCEI Website : http://www.cceintl.org/

</doc>
<doc id="18358161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18358161" title="Substantial form">
Substantial form

A theory of substantial forms asserts that forms (or ideas) organize matter and make it intelligible. Substantial forms are the source of properties, order, unity, identity, and information about objects.
The idea of substantial forms dominates ancient Greek philosophy and medieval philosophy, but has fallen out of favour in modern philosophy.
The idea of substantial forms has been abandoned for a mechanical, or “bottom-up” theory of organization.
Articulation.
Platonic Forms.
Plato maintains in the Phaedo regarding our knowledge of equals:<br>
Aristotelian forms.
Aristotle was the first to distinguish between matter ("hyle") and form ("morphe"). For Aristotle, matter is the undifferentiated primal element: it is rather that from which things develop than a thing in itself. The development of particular things from this germinal matter consists in differentiation, the acquiring of particular forms of which the knowable universe consists (cf. Formal cause). The perfection of the form of a thing is its entelechy in virtue of which it attains its fullest realization of function (De anima, ii. 2). Thus the entelechy of the body is the soul. The origin of the differentiation process is to be sought in a prime mover, i.e. pure form entirely separate from all matter, eternal, unchangeable, operating not by its own activity but by the impulse which its own absolute existence excites in matter.
Early adoption.
Both Platonic and Aristotelian forms appear in medieval philosophy.
Medieval theologians, newly exposed to Aristotle's philosophy, applied hylomorphism to Christianity, such as to the transubstantiation of the Eucharist's bread and wine to the body and blood of Jesus. Theologians such as Duns Scotus developed Christian applications of hylomorphism.
The Aristotelian conception of form was adopted by the Scholastics, to whom, however, its origin in the observation of the physical universe was an entirely foreign idea. The most remarkable adaptation is probably that of Aquinas, who distinguished the spiritual world with its subsistent forms (formae separatae) from the material with its inherent forms which exist only in combination with matter.
Criticism.
Descartes, referring to substantial forms, says:
""(...) They were introduced by philosophers solely to account for the proper action of natural things, of which they were supposed to be the principles and bases . . . But no natural action at all can be explained by these substantial forms, since their defenders admit that they are occult, and that they do not understand them themselves. If they say that some action proceeds from a substantial form, it is as if they said it proceeds from something they do not understand; which explains nothing. (...)""
Response to criticism.
Leibniz made efforts to return to forms. Substantial forms, in the strictest sense for Leibniz, are primitive active forces and are required for his metaphysics.
In the Discourse on Metaphysics (§10): "(...) the belief in substantial forms has a certain basis in fact, but that these forms effect no changes in the phenomena and must not be employed for the explanation of particular events. (...)" [http://www.anselm.edu/homepage/dbanach/Leibniz-Discourse.htm#X]

</doc>
<doc id="18358190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18358190" title="Pressman (name)">
Pressman (name)

Pressman is a surname that refers to:

</doc>
<doc id="18358268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18358268" title="Cetatea Pătulului">
Cetatea Pătulului

Cetatea Pătulului is a Roman-Byzantine fortification, identified by some with the Roman name FLAVIANA (not Flaviana Castra), situated 2 km northwest of Cochirleni, Rasova commune, Romania.

</doc>
<doc id="18358269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18358269" title="Tan Kun-giok">
Tan Kun-giok

Tan Kun-giok (Traditional Chinese: 陳君玉; 1905 - March 4, 1963), also known as Chen Chun-yu in Mandarin, was a Taiwanese songwriter and author born in Dadaocheng. He wrote many Hokkien songs such as "Thiau Bu Si Tai" (跳舞時代) and "Siu Be Toa Kang Tiau" (想要彈像調), and had served as an officer of the Columbia Record, a Japanese-owned disc company. Tan could speak Mandarin Chinese fluently, he was an introducer of Mandarin to postwar Taiwan. Chen died from hepatic cancer in 1963.

</doc>
<doc id="18358272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18358272" title="Kim Jang-hoon">
Kim Jang-hoon

Kim Jang-hoon () was born on 14 August 1967. He is a South Korean rock-ballad singer, Anti-Japanese activist.
Life and career.
Kim quit school and worked as a DJ at cafes. In 1991, he released his debut album. Cho Dongik mainly wrote and arranged his music. That album included "On a sunny day", written by Yu Heeyul, "Always between you and I", written by Cho Dongik, "To the tomorrow", written by Cho Dongik. His second album, including "Now", was released in 1993. After releasing the third album "I just sang my song", this was followed by the fourth album "1998 Ballads For Tears". Although Kim Jang-hoon debuted in 1991, it was his 4th album, "Fool" that catapulted his popularity.
On 27 September 2011, Kim released single, "Breakups are So Like Me" which featured Heechul of boy band Super Junior, who also starred in the music video. Since Heechul enlisted for mandatory military service on 1 September, his parts during the performance on Music Bank and Show! Music Core, was filled in by bandmates, Yesung, Eunhyuk and Shindong, who performed with Kim.
Also, Kim Jang-hoon is on many popular TV variety programs as an entertainer. Kim Jang-hoon is the #1 musician at University Campuses for 10 years and his popularity ranges from people in their teens to their 60s.
Since his debut, Mr. Kim has twenty-two (22) albums, including his best remix albums, digital singles, and Original Soundtrack albums. Moreover, throughout his career, Mr. Kim performed at over 1,000 different concerts and shows, including fifteen (15) of his own exclusive concerts, in Korea and China.
In 2012, Kim released his 10th full length album, the first in six years. He released a music video for the title track "Nothing" featuring Paris Hilton.
In 2014, Kim released, alongside with the girl group Crayon Pop, a new single titled "HERO"
Charitable Work.
Kim Jang Hoon is known as the 'Donation Angel' all through South Korea. He has donated over 10 billion Korean won over the past 10 years. Also known as the 'Dokdo Guard,' he is very active in campaigning for the controversial island of Dokdo, also known as Liancourt Rocks. Kim Jang-hoon is an avid supported in promoting the "Dokdo is Korea's Land" movement. 
In July 2012, whilst during his concert at the Nokia Theatre L.A. Live in California, Kim received a letter signed by U.S. President Barack Obama, notifying him of his winning the President's Volunteer Service Award.

</doc>
<doc id="18358319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18358319" title="Science Leadership Academy">
Science Leadership Academy

The Science Leadership Academy is a magnet public high school in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, which opened in September 2006. SLA is a partnership between The Franklin Institute and the School District of Philadelphia. SLA is a 1:1 project-based laptop school where all students and teachers use laptops as their primary learning tool.
History.
Science Leadership Academy was created by the board of the Franklin Institute and founding principal, Christopher Lehmann. The 'Mission and Visions' page of the school's website describes the school as, "a partnership high school between the School District of Philadelphia and The Franklin Institute. SLA is an inquiry-driven, project-based high school focused on 21st century learning that opened its doors on September 7, 2006. SLA provides a rigorous, college-preparatory curriculum with a focus on science, technology, mathematics and entrepreneurship. Students at SLA learn in a project-based environment where the core values of inquiry, research, collaboration, presentation and reflection are emphasized in all classes." 
In Spring 2009, SLA was named an Apple Distinguished School, as of 2009 one of only 33 schools in the nation so named. In addition, SLA was featured in the April 2007 Edutopia Magazine article, "My School, Meet MySpace" where the school is called "... Dewey for the digital age, old-fashioned progressive education with a technological twist."
The school has received speeches from a number of distinguished individuals over the years, including Bill Gates, Chairman of Microsoft and co-chair of the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, who spoke to the students of SLA on Thursday, April 29, 2010 and Steven Squyres, lead researcher on the Mars Land-Rover project who first visited the school in 2007 and was SLA's keynote speaker at their first graduation on June 15, 2010.
In a September 2010 issue of Ladies Home Journal, SLA was named one of ten in "America's Most Amazing Schools".
In October 2010, Apple.com published a case study of SLA on their Education web page.
In March 2011, SLA was featured in the PBS documentary Digital Media: New Learners for the 21st Century.
In March 2012, Apple.com featured SLA in their video about iBooks and iBooksAuthor.
In June 2012, President Barack Obama came to the Franklin Institute. He was there to congratulate the graduating seniors of Science Leadership Academy. The president himself said "My expectation is that somebody in this auditorium is going to figure out new sources of energy that help not only make us more energy independent but also deals with the problems like climate change," the president said. "There is somebody in this room who is going to make sure that we are defeating diseases like Alzheimer's or find a cure for Cancer.".
President Obama said that the students' talents would mean a bright future for the United States.
School features.
Each student of SLA, (along with the teachers), receives their own personal laptop, which they are responsible for throughout the school year. The majority of school work is done on the computers through the school's Canvas course-management system. The school also has some of the largest and most extensive lab areas in the entire school district, with four lab classrooms. Two are located on the 2nd floor and the other two on the 3rd. These classrooms are large in space, combining both a usual SLA classroom along with the lab areas, allowing students to conduct experiments on a regular basis opposed to the occasional one as in many other schools. Students do benchmark projects every quarter to demonstrate the application of their learning, with the aid of the five "core values" (see below).
Building.
The location of the school building was decided upon its proximity to the Franklin Institute, as well as being in the heart of Downtown Philadelphia. The building itself was formerly an office building (for the Human Resources department of the School District of Philadelphia), which was completely renovated for SLA. In total, the building is five stories tall (though the school only uses the 1st, 2nd, 3rd, and 5th floors), contains three elevators (reserved for teachers and disabled students only), and three main stairwells, with one that gives access to the 1st-3rd floors, and the other two for the 1st–5th floors. One interesting feature to the building, dubbed the "Pool" by the students, is a large cutout structure, (with the interior walls painted blue that gives it its name), located on the second floor which looks into the 1st floor café.This space was originally to be a grand staircase that leads visitors straight from the front door to the office, however, engineering conflicts did not allow for this. Also, two ballrooms, (located in the middle of the 2nd and 3rd floors) were supposed to be staircases that were connected as well, though the same conflicts denied those plans.
Beeber campus.
The school recently opened a second campus in the Wynnefield area of Philadelphia. The new campus was opened on September 9, 2013, and shares a building with Beeber middle school.
Core values.
The Science Leadership Academy is an understanding-driven, project-based school where the learning is centered around the five core values of inquiry, research, collaboration, presentation and reflection.
Inquiry.
Students ask questions about their topic that will allow them to fully understand it. They also inquire about the things they do not know about said topic.
Research.
With their resources, students research their topics in depth using credible sources.
Collaboration.
Students collaborate with classmates and others to continue their spectrum of learning.
Presentation.
Students convey their thoughts, ideas, and findings through their presentations.
Reflection.
Students reflect on the work, along with successes and failures and see what they can do to improve on future work.

</doc>
<doc id="18358331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18358331" title="Baskerville Raceway">
Baskerville Raceway

Baskerville Raceway is a 2.01 km (1.26 mi) permanent motor racing circuit located at 473 Baskerville Rd, Old Beach- a northern suburb of Hobart, Tasmania, Australia. The circuit was sited on a natural amphitheatre and opened in February 1958 by the Hobart Sporting Car Club and has been operating continuously ever since. Baskerville's official site suggested that it is the oldest continuously operating circuit in Australia, although Mount Panorama is older.
Previously, Baskerville has hosted the Winfield 25's Touring Car Challenge, Australian Sports Car Championship, Australian Formula 2 Championship, Australian Road Racing Championships (motorcycles), Australian Superbike Championships and other races. Baskerville was the location for the 2006 Australian Improved Production Nationals and for the 2009 Formula Vee Nationals, with the latter won by Daniel Reynolds in a Sabre 01.
Baskerville Raceway hosted the inaugural Tasmanian Historic Motorcycle Championships from 25-27 November 2011.
The outright lap record at Baskerville is held by Tasmanian driver John Bowe. Driving a Ralt RT4 Ford Formula Pacific, Bowe was timed at 50.16 in 1982.
Motorcycle Racing and Track Days.
Motorcycle racing and public ride days are currently run by the Sports Riders Club of Tasmania (SRCT), one of only two club-run ride days in Australia. More information on ride days and racing is available at the SRCT website.

</doc>
<doc id="18358344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18358344" title="European Council On Chiropractic Education">
European Council On Chiropractic Education

The European Council On Chiropractic Education is an international organization that accredits undergraduate educational institutions that teach chiropractic. Its main goal is to provide a set of educational standards that assure a quality education. It maintains representatives on the Councils on Chiropractic Education International.

</doc>
<doc id="18358352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18358352" title="Alcon (classical history)">
Alcon (classical history)

The name Alcon (; ) or Alco can refer to a number of people from classical myth and history:

</doc>
<doc id="18358365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18358365" title="Embassy of Zambia in Moscow">
Embassy of Zambia in Moscow

The Embassy of Zambia in Moscow is the diplomatic mission of the Republic of Zambia to the Russian Federation. The chancery is located at 52 Mira Prospect () in the Meshchansky District of Moscow.

</doc>
<doc id="18358402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18358402" title="Dave Bolton">
Dave Bolton

David "Dave" R. Bolton (birth registered April→June in Wigan district) is an English former rugby league footballer of the 1950s and '60s who later became a coach in the NSWRFL premiership. An international representative for Great Britain, whose usual position was in the halves, Bolton is one of a handful of Britons to win championships both in his home country and in Australia. 
Bolton played 300 games for Wigan from 1954 to 1964. He played at stand-off half back in Wigan's 9–13 victory over Workington Town in the 1957–58 Challenge Cup final at Wembley Stadium on Saturday 10 May 1958. He also featuring in the club's 1960 Championship Final win. 
Bolton then played in Australia for the Balmain club from 1965 until 1970, featuring in the 1969 season's Grand Final-winning team. This made him only the second Englishman to play in a grand final-winning team in Australia.
Bolton coached Parramatta in 1973 and '74. He was also assistant coach to Tim Sheens at Penrith in the mid-1980s 
On 17 March 2005, Dave Bolton was inducted into the Balmain Tigers Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="18358407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18358407" title="David Bolton">
David Bolton

David Bolton may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18358417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18358417" title="Hospital Hustle">
Hospital Hustle

Emergency Hospital (formerly titled "Sarah's Emergency Room") is a video game developed and published by GameInvest. The player controls Sarah, a recent graduate nurse. Sarah’s first job is to manage the waiting room of a small town hospital. The faster and better she directs the patients to the correct doctor the more experience she gets and the happier the patients become. Sarah keeps moving up to bigger and busier hospitals as the player progresses in the game.

</doc>
<doc id="18358465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18358465" title="Acanthomintha ilicifolia">
Acanthomintha ilicifolia

Acanthomintha ilicifolia, known by the common name San Diego thornmint, is a rare species of flowering plant in the mint family. It is native to Baja California and San Diego County, California, where it is a resident of the chaparral and coastal sage scrub plant communities and vernal pools. 
"Acanthomintha ilicifolia" has been extirpated from many of the sites where it was previously noted in San Diego County. It is a federally listed threatened species in the United States. This species is also listed as endangered under the California Endangered Species Act which means that killing or possessing the plants is prohibited within California unless authorized by the California Department of Fish and Game. 
Description.
"Acanthomintha ilicifolia" is a petite annual herb growing up to about 15 centimeters in maximum height. It has rounded to oval serrated leaves up to 1.5 centimeters long. The inflorescence is a cluster of flowers with oval-shaped bracts nearly a centimeter long which are edged with long spines. Each flower is about a centimeter wide and white, often tinted purple to pink, with a hooded upper lip and a slightly longer lower lip.

</doc>
<doc id="18358488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18358488" title="Baião">
Baião

Baião may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18358512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18358512" title="The Scourger">
The Scourger

The Scourger is a thrash metal band from Helsinki, Finland that formed in 2003. All three of the band's singles have landed on the national Finnish charts: "Hatehead", which debuted at No. 1 in July 2005; "Maximum Intensity", which landed at No. 3 a year later and climbed to No. 2 the following week; and "Never Bury the Hatchet", which entered the charts at No. 9 in July 2007. The first two singles are found on the band's 2006 debut album, "Blind Date with Violence", while the third single is on the 2008 follow-up, "Dark Invitation to Armageddon". On May 14, 2009, the band announced that it was splitting; vocalist Jari Hurskainen retained The Scourger name, while drummer Seppo Tarvainen, bassist Kimmo Kammonen, and guitarists Jani Luttinen and Antti Wirman will form a new band which has not yet been officially announced. The reason for the split was not given. Hurskainen announced the addition of three new members the following year: Jani Hentilä and Tero Kemppainen on guitars and Jape Nummenpää on bass.

</doc>
<doc id="18358533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18358533" title="Hurdon">
Hurdon

Hurdon is a suburb of New Plymouth, in the western North Island of New Zealand. It is located to the southwest of the city centre.
The population of the "Upper Westown" area, which is largely the same area as the suburb, was 1,503 in the 2006 Census, an increase of 60 from 2001.
One of the early settlers of the area was a Peter Elliot, who arrived on the "Amelia Thompson" in 1841. He established the first dairy in New Plymouth, which he called Hurdon. A school was established in his barn in 1853.
Education.
Frankley School is a coeducational contributing primary (years 1-6) school with a decile rating of 10 and a roll of 250. The school started as Frankley Road School in 1878. A new two-roomed school replaced it in 1910. The school moved to its current site in 1969.

</doc>
<doc id="18358542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18358542" title="Harbin Power Equipment">
Harbin Power Equipment

Harbin Power Equipment Company Limited () is one of the largest manufacturers of power plant equipment in Mainland China. It was formed through the restructuring of Harbin Power Plant Equipment Corporation (currently Harbin Electric Corporation). It was established in Harbin, Heilongjiang in 1994 and listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange at the same year. It is engaged in the research and development, manufacturing and construction of power plant equipment.

</doc>
<doc id="18358562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18358562" title="Karen Nash">
Karen Nash

Born in Texas and raised in Southern California, Karen Nash plays alt-country roots music with the skillfully crafted turn of phrase and topical content of a great folksinger. Known for her impassioned songs of social injustice and troubled love, Ms. Nash has captivated audiences from coast to coast. 
In the late nineties, Karen vacated her apartment, put her stuff in storage, and set off on the road...just a girl and her guitar. During her years of nonstop touring, Karen amassed a collection of impressive reviews for her live shows and three CD releases. Over the last decade, she has played to enthusiastic crowds at festivals such as Acoustic Festival of Britain (UK), Lilith Fair, Telluride Folk Festival, Kerrville Folk Festival, Tucson Folk Festival, and South Florida Folk Festival, and prestigious venues like Club Passim (Boston), Eddies Attic (Atlanta), The Troubadour (Los Angeles), The Cavern Club (Liverpool, UK), and The Stables (Wavendon, UK). 
Karen is currently working on a new CD with producer/guitarist Marty Rifkin (Bruce Springsteen/Tom Petty). She lives in Los Angeles with her husband Bob Malone and two cats: one good, one, well...not so good.

</doc>
<doc id="18358565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18358565" title="Alcon (disambiguation)">
Alcon (disambiguation)

Alcon can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18358585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18358585" title="Paris Holiday">
Paris Holiday

Paris Holiday is a 1958 comedy film starring Bob Hope, which was directed by Gerd Oswald, and written by Edmund Beloin, who was Hope's attorney, and Dean Riesner from a story by Hope. The film also features French comedian Fernandel, Anita Ekberg and Martha Hyer, and a rare appearance by writer/director Preston Sturges. The film was shot in Technirama and Technicolor in Paris and in the French village of Gambais.
Plot.
Popular American comedian Bob Hunter (Bob Hope), star of stage, movies and television, boards the luxury liner SS Île de France to travel to France, only to find his French counterpart, Fernydel (Fernandel) is on the ship as well. Also on board are elegant blonde diplomat Ann McCall (Martha Hyer), whom Bob would like to get to know better, and stunning Zara Brown (Anita Ekberg), the agent for a French criminal organization which suspects that Bob is carrying an incriminating manuscript. While Bob pursues Ann, with Fernydel's help, Zara repeatedly searches Bob's stateroom, causing problems when Ann sees her leaving after a search.
When he reaches Paris, Bob visits Serge Vitry (Preston Sturges), a writer whose script Bob has come to purchase, but is told that Vitry is no longer interested in comedy: he is writing a true-life drama which he is going to produce himself. Bob pleads for a look, and is told where he can get a translated copy. A series of suspicious accidents and mishaps then leads to Bob being arrested as a suspect in the murder of Serge, but he is rescued by the American ambassador (André Morell) and Inspector Dupont (Yves Brainville), who tell him that Serge used his manuscript to reveal the identities of counterfeiters who had infiltrated their way into high offices in the French government, which is why he was murdered. The two men ask Bob to serve as bait to flush out the criminals. Bob agrees, but only because Ann's life is also in danger. Helped by Ann, Fernandel, and villainess-turned-heroine Zara, Bob is chased all over Paris by the underworld, at one point winding up in a mental asylum for safekeeping. It all ends with an escape by helicopter piloted by Fernandel (actually John Crewdson) reading a book of flight instructions, capture of a group of assassins, then a parade for Bob, Fernandel and Ann, who are heroes.
Cast.
Cast notes:
Songs.
Other songs that appear:
Production.
"Paris Holiday" had the working title of "Trouble in Paris".
Although Hope initiated production of the film, and came up with the story idea, the intent for the film to be a showcase for both himself and Fernandel is indicated by the opening credits, where Hope's name and Fernandel take turns being listed first.
The film was in production in France from early April to late June 1957 Location shooting took place in Paris, and in the village of Gambais. It premiered in Los Angeles on 28 March 1958, and went into general release shortly after. It was marketed with the tagline: "The Comedy Team Of The Century"
Hope described the difficulties involved in producing "Paris Holiday" in his book "I Owe Russia $1200".
Hope and Bing Crosby recorded two songs written for the movie - "Paris Holiday" and "Nothing in Common" - for United Artists Records in February 1958. Crosby did not appear in the movie.

</doc>
<doc id="18358606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18358606" title="Shenyang Conservatory of Music">
Shenyang Conservatory of Music

Shenyang Conservatory of Music is a music college in Shenyang, Liaoning province, China. Established in 1938, the school serves approximately 8,000 students in undergraduate, graduate, and professional studies. 
History.
The school was founded in 1938 as Luxun Academy of Arts by Communist Party of China leaders, including Mao Zedong and Zhou Enlai, in the town of Yan'an, Shaanxi province. The school was moved to Shenyang and renamed Shenyang Conservatory of Music in 1958.
Campus.
The Shenyang Conservatory of Music has four campuses—Major Campus, Chanqing Campus, Taoxian Campus and Dalian Campus—and twelve departments including composition, musicology, Western vocal, Chinese vocal, orchestration, Chinese instruments, keyboards, music education, popular music, Electone, instrument making and repairing and dance.

</doc>
<doc id="18358617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18358617" title="Tata Naka">
Tata Naka

Tata Naka () is a dress label owned by Georgian twin sisters Tamar and Natasha Surguladze based in London, UK.
Born in Tbilisi, Georgia the sisters moved in 1996 to London where they graduated from Central Saint Martins and created their label.

</doc>
<doc id="18358651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18358651" title="Gordon Bowman">
Gordon Bowman

Gordon Bowman (born 10 February 1927) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Melbourne and Hawthorn in the Victorian Football League (VFL). 
Bowman, originally from East Malvern, was a member of Melbourne's 1948 premiership team as a half forward flanker. He joined a struggling Hawthorn side in 1950 and remained with the club until the end of the 1951 VFL season. 
In the 1950s he played in Tasmania with Sandy Bay where he captained the club for seven years, including a premiership in 1952. Such was his impact at the club that in 2001 Bowman was named as one of Sandy Bay's official 'Best 25 Players'. Bowman also captained the Tasmanian state side during this period.
Later, Bowman transferred to Queensland side Mayne where he played for five season for two premierships before a final move in 1967 to New South Wales side Newtown, where he played in their 1967 and 1968 premierships, retiring aged 42 after the 1969 Grand Final which Newtown lost. Bowman is the only known Australian rules player to have played in premiership sides in four different states.

</doc>
<doc id="18358674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18358674" title="Staveren">
Staveren

Staveren can refer to the following things:
Persons:
Places:

</doc>
<doc id="18358701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18358701" title="Mani Madhaveeyam">
Mani Madhaveeyam

Mani Madhaveeyam (മാണി മാധവീയം in Malayalam) is a biographical book written on the life of Guru Māni Mādhava Chākyār (1989-1991), who was the greatest Kutiyattam-Chakyar Koothu (2000 year old Sanskrit drama tradition of Kerala, India) exponent and Rasa-abhinaya (classical Indian style of acting according to Natya Shastra) maestro of modern times. The book is published by the Department of Cultural Affairs of Government of Kerala, India on May 1991. The author of the book is Das Bhargavinilayam

</doc>
<doc id="18358709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18358709" title="St. Bruno's Church">
St. Bruno's Church

St. Bruno's is a Roman Catholic Church in San Bruno, California. The church is named after St. Bruno of Cologne. It was founded in the early 1900s, during the town's early stages of development.
St. Bruno's Community.
St. Bruno's Church serves a variety of parishioners. The church's most prominent cultural groups are Hispanic, Filipino, Tongan, Samoan, and Indian.
Church Beautification.
Between 2005 through 2008, under the guidance of retired Father Rene Gomez and current leader Father Michael Brillantes, the church has undergone major renovations, many of which are ongoing. Several changes included pew renovations, which was made possible through fundraising and private donations, as well as structural additions to the parish, including a much needed handicap railway. Currently, the courtyard area of the parish, which is the central gathering and social arena after masses, is moving its present centerstage to the North of the parish. This change will allot more room for parishioners during events, as well as providing a more spacious gathering area after mass.
Units of the Parish.
St. Bruno's is composed of five unique building units used for several purposes. The first unit is the church itself, which occupies most of the space on the church's lot. The second unit is the housing building and offices of the priests and cathecism director. This unit is a multi-level building in certain areas, which has several rooms used for cathecism courses, ESL classes, and other purposes. The third unit is the Hall of the Parish, used for major fundraising events, church festivities and celebrations, in addition to cathecism classroom space. The Hall has a kitchen, utilized especially during the annual summer camp of the parish during July. The last two units are classroom space and a homeless shelter, which provides meals and a social gathering space for locals who are in need.
Summer Camp Program.
Every year, St. Bruno's holds a week-long day camp for parishioner children, ages 5–12. Unlike other "church camps" in the area, St. Bruno's program is free and provides several types of activities, crafts, field trips, and lessons without any additional costs. This camp is often coordinated by the sisters of the Missionaries of Charity, located in Pacifica, California.

</doc>
<doc id="18358717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18358717" title="Hurricane Polymar">
Hurricane Polymar

"Hurricane Polymar" is the secret identity of . He wears a special suit which enables him to fight crime. The suit is made of memory plastic which enables him to assume any shape, including morphing its wearer in 5 different vehicles.
Anime Sols is currently crowd-funding the release of the show on North American DVD. 
Plot.
Onigawara, the director of the International Secret Police Agency, looked forward to making Takeshi a top-notch criminal investigator. Takeshi was given training, which turned him into an all-around sportsman as well as martial arts expert. However, Takeshi's attitude toward crime-fighting was so incompatible with Onigawara's, that he disowned him. For a while Takeshi investigated crime alone; then he became a private detective Joe Kuruma's assistant and general handyman. Secretly, however, Takeshi obtained from a scientist a new artificial polymer, polymet, that was far stronger than steel. With this polymet Takeshi transformed himself into Hurricane Polymar, an invincible costumed hero for fight for the justice and defeat to the differents gangs.
Abilities.
Hurricane Polymmar's main ability is transforming into one of five different vehicles (mentioned below). Polymar's suit can also last up to forty six minutes and one second before having to turn back. Because the suit is powered by magnetism it is vulnerable to high voltage and will lose power in temperatures lower than -50 degrees Celsius.
Other Media.
A two part anime OVA was created in the mid-90's entitled "" featuring extremists that mutate into amphibious shark-like creatures. Urban Vision initially released it on VHS in the late 1990s, but since then the U.S. DVD rights have gone to Discotek Media. Hurricane Polymar was featured in the PlayStation game Tatsunoko Fight with him and Teru (in a costume she wore in episode 15) as playable characters along with an original character named Astral Chameleon who is composed of the souls of the criminals that died in the series. Hurricane Polymar later appeared as a playable character in the Wii video game .

</doc>
<doc id="18358745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18358745" title="Đông Du">
Đông Du

Đông Du (pronounced "dong yu", Vietnamese for "Eastern study", Japanese 東遊) was a Vietnamese political movement founded by Phan Bội Châu at the start of the 20th century that encouraged young Vietnamese to go east to Japan to study, in the hope of training a new era of revolutionaries to rise against French colonial rule. Other notable proponents of Dong Du include Phan Chu Trinh and Prince Cường Để. In 1906 there were only 20 students in Japan, but October 1907, there were over 100 students in Japan, more than half from the South.

</doc>
<doc id="18358750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18358750" title="Stan Rule">
Stan Rule

Stan Rule (born 17 January 1924) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the late 1940s. 
Rule was used as both a follower and defender at Melbourne. In their 1948 premiership team he was the former, while in 1946 he played from the back pocket in a losing Grand Final. He represented the Victorian interstate team once, in 1949.

</doc>
<doc id="18358803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18358803" title="Illangulién">
Illangulién

Illangulién, "Quiromanite", "Queupulien" or "Antiguenu", was the Mapuche toqui (war leader) elected to replace Lemucaguin or Caupolicán the younger in 1559 following the Battle of Quiapo to his death in battle in the Battle of Angol in 1564. 
After the campaign of García Hurtado de Mendoza that culminated in the Battle of Quiapo, many of the Mapuche warriors were dead or wounded and the population had been decimated by the effects of war, starvation and epidemic disease. Elected to by the remaining leaders shortly after the battle of Quiapo, Illangulién decided to let the nation offer apparent submission to the Spanish while he and a few warriors secretly retreated into the marshes of Lumaco. There they constructed a base where they would gather their strength and train a new generation of warriors for a future revolt. 
After the murder of the hated encomendero Pedro de Avendaño in July 1561 triggered a new general rising of the Mapuche greater than the previous ones. Illangulién after several years of hiding his activities in the swamps began to lead his forces out on raids on Spanish territory to season his newly trained warriors and live off the lands of their enemy. His forces clashed with those of the Spanish Governor Francisco de Villagra and defeated them several times in the next few years. After the death of Francisco de Villagra they fought the forces of his successor Pedro de Villagra around the city of San Andrés de Los Infantes. During the Battle of Angol in a series of moves and counter moves between Illangulién and the garrison commander Lorenzo Bernal del Mercado, the Toqui was able to blockade the town from impregnable fortresses as he moved his blockade closer and closer to the town. At last the garrison commander was able to catch a detachment of his opponents army in an awkward position along the bank of a nearby river and by driving them over a steep slope into the river killed over a thousand of them including the toqui Illangulien in 1564.

</doc>
<doc id="18358821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18358821" title="Servillano Aquino">
Servillano Aquino

Servillano Aquino y Aguilar (April 20, 1874 – February 2, 1959) was a Filipino general during the Philippine Revolution against Spain (1896–1898), and the Philippine-American War (1899–1902). He served as a delegate to the Malolos Congress and was the grandfather of Benigno S. "Ninoy" Aquino, Jr.. He is the great-grandfather of Benigno Aquino III, the current President of the Philippines.
Personal life.
Servillano "Mianong" Aquino was born on April 20, 1874 to Don Braulio Aquino and Doña Petrona Hipolito Aguilar. He had his early education from a private tutor in Mexico, Pampanga. He moved to Manila, and entered the Colegio de San Juan de Letran, and later, the University of Santo Tomas.
Marriage.
During this time, he married Guadalupe Quiambao, with whom he had three children, namely Gonzalo (born 1893), future Philippine House Speaker Benigno (born 1894), and Amando (born 1896). Later on, he would marry his sister-in-law, Belen Sanchez, and have a child with her, future Philippine Congressman Herminio (born 1949).
Philippine-American War.
In 1896, Aquino became a mason and joined the Katipunan. He was also elected mayor of Murcia, Tarlac and, under General Francisco Macabulos, he organized the Filipino revolutionary forces against the Americans. He was promoted to major, but was defeated in the battle at Mount Sinukuan or Mount Arayat in Arayat, Pampanga. After the Pact of Biak-na-Bato was signed, Aquino was exiled to Hong Kong together with Emilio Aguinaldo and the revolutionary government. He returned to the Philippines in 1898, and joined General Antonio Luna to fight against the American forces. Together they attacked Manila but retreated to Mount Sinukuan or Mount Arayat. On September 1902, he surrendered and was jailed in Bilibid Prison, and sentenced to hang. However, United States President Theodore Roosevelt gave Aquino pardon after two years.
Death.
On February 3, 1959, at the age of 84, Aquino died of a heart attack.

</doc>
<doc id="18358835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18358835" title="2008 National League Division Series">
2008 National League Division Series

The 2008 National League Division Series (NLDS), the opening round of the 2008 National League playoffs, began on Wednesday, October 1 and ended on Sunday, October 5, with the champions of the three NL divisions and one wild card team participating in two best-of-five series. They were:
The underdog Dodgers swept the Cubs to advance to the NLCS, while the Phillies defeated the Brewers by three games to one. The series marked the first postseason series victory for the Dodgers since winning the 1988 World Series, and the first such victory for the Phillies since the 1993 NLCS.
__TOC__
Chicago vs. Los Angeles.
Game 1, October 1.
Wrigley Field in Chicago, Illinois
The Dodgers swiped Game 1 from the Cubs at Wrigley Field. Mark DeRosa gave the Cubs an early lead in the second inning with an opposite-field home run. James Loney's fifth inning grand slam proved to be too much for the Cubs as they didn't score after that. Derek Lowe settled in after giving up the home run to DeRosa by going six innings, giving up two earned runs. Manny Ramírez and Russell Martin provided insurance with late-inning home runs. Ryan Dempster struggled for much of the night giving up seven walks and four earned runs.
Game 2, October 2.
Wrigley Field in Chicago, Illinois
The Dodgers took advantage of sloppy Cubs fielding as the entire infield committed four errors—one by each starting infielder—totalling up to five unearned runs, including four in a five-run second inning—combined with Chad Billingsley's innings of one-run pitching and Manny Ramírez' second home run in the series, his record-stretching 26th postseason dinger gives the Dodgers a 2–0 series lead.
This game was the last playoff game played at Wrigley Field, as of 2012.
Game 3, October 4.
Dodger Stadium in Los Angeles, California
Before a sellout crowd in Dodger Stadium, Russell Martin took third on a base hit by Manny Ramírez in the bottom of the first despite a risky baserunning move that almost killed the rally. Replays showed Martin was out, but the third base umpire ruled it safe. James Loney then stroked a double to right field off Rich Harden to score them both. It proved to be all the offense the Dodgers needed, as Hiroki Kuroda was locked in, hurling shutout ball into the sixth; the first 11 outs he recorded were all ground ball outs before he struck out Rich Harden to end the fourth. Cory Wade gave up a run on a pinch-hit Daryle Ward single in the top of the eighth, but Jonathan Broxton took over & earned his first career postseason save by striking out Alfonso Soriano to complete the sweep. The Cubs suffered their ninth consecutive post-season loss and second consecutive sweep.
Composite box.
2008 NLDS (3–0): Los Angeles Dodgers over Chicago Cubs
Philadelphia vs. Milwaukee.
Game 1, October 1.
Citizens Bank Park in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
Phillies ace Cole Hamels pitched eight shutout innings of two-hit ball while striking out nine to give the Phillies their first playoff victory since Game 5 of the 1993 World Series. Yovani Gallardo gave up three runs, none earned, while walking five. Brad Lidge got his first save of the post-season, allowing one run and runners to advance to second and third with one out, before striking out Prince Fielder and Corey Hart to end the game.
Game 2, October 2.
Citizens Bank Park in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
A crowd of 46,208, the largest in the five-year history of Citizens Bank Park, came out to watch Brett Myers pitch seven innings giving up two hits and two runs while striking out four and walking three to lead the Phillies to victory, giving them their first 2–0 playoff series lead since the 1980 World Series against the Kansas City Royals. CC Sabathia pitched innings on three days' rest giving up all five runs in the second inning for the Brewers, capped off by Shane Victorino's grand slam. Pitcher Brett Myers had the key AB for the Phillies as he stretched the AB from a 1–2 count into a bases on balls. It unnerved Sabathia and, later in the inning, Victorino hit the first postseason grand slam in Phillies history. Brad Lidge retired the side in order in the ninth inning for his second save in as many games in the playoffs.
Game 3, October 4.
Miller Park in Milwaukee, Wisconsin
With their backs against the proverbial wall, the Brewers sent out Dave Bush to quiet the Phillies. His offense picked him up early, however, taking some pressure off with two runs in the bottom of the first including a sacrifice fly by Prince Fielder, scoring Mike Cameron, and a struggling Brewers bullpen held the door closed after Bush's departure, giving up no runs in innings. Salomón Torres was in a jam in the ninth, with the bases loaded and nobody out, but a double play that should've scored a run didn't because Shane Victorino did not slide into second base, and interference was called. Torres pitched out of the jam, and the Brew Crew won their first post-season game since Game 5 of the 1982 World Series.
Game 4, October 5.
Miller Park in Milwaukee, Wisconsin
Brewers fans got thundersticks as they entered Miller Park for Game 4, but the real thunder was supplied by the Phillies' bats, winning their first post-season series since the 1993 NLCS with Jimmy Rollins leading off the game on the sixth pitch off Jeff Suppan with a solo homer, then in the third inning with Pat Burrell (three-run) and Jayson Werth (solo) hitting back-to-back jacks. Joe Blanton struck out seven in six innings of one-run, five hit ball. Burrell would later hit his second dinger in the eighth. Brad Lidge again pitched the final inning, although it was not a save situation.
Burrell became only the second Phillies hitter in their history to hit two home runs in a playoff game, the other being Lenny Dykstra. He is also only the fifth National League player to hit two home runs in a series clinching game, joining Steve Garvey (1974 NLCS), Johnny Bench (1976 World Series), Fred McGriff (1995 NLDS), and Carlos Beltran (2004 NLDS).
Composite box.
2008 NLDS (3–1): Philadelphia Phillies over Milwaukee Brewers

</doc>
<doc id="18358841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18358841" title="D♭ tuning">
D♭ tuning

D tuning, also called C tuning, is an alternative guitar tuning. Each string is one and one half steps lower than in standard tuning, or one half step lower than D tuning. The resulting notes can be described as D♭-G♭-B-E-A♭-D♭ or (less often) as C♯-F♯-B-E-G♯-C♯. "Extremely slack," it is very popular amongst alternative and heavy rock bands because it has a darker and lower-pitched sound compared to E standard.

</doc>
<doc id="18358856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18358856" title="Kanjō">
Kanjō

Evolution of the "kanjō" process.
"Kanjō" was originally a Buddhist term and later entered the Shinto vocabulary. A "kanjō" was the request of the Buddha's sermon with a sincere heart, and later came to mean the urging of a buddha or bodhisattva to remain in this world to preach and save other human beings. The concept then evolved further to mean the act (and the actual words) of asking buddhas or bodhisattvas to descend to the altar during a Buddhist service. In Japan, the word gradually assumed the present meaning of enshrinement of a "buddha" or "kami" in a building for the first time.
The "kanjō" process.
Before it can be transferred to its new location the "kami" must be divided. The division sub-process and the divided spirit itself are called , or .　The process of propagation, described by the priests as akin to the lighting of a candle from another already lit, leaves the original "kami" intact in its original place and therefore doesn't alter any of its properties. The "wakemitama" has all the qualities of the original and is therefore "alive" and permanent. The process is used often, for example during Shinto festivals ("Matsuri") to animate temporary shrines called and their "mikoshi".
Inari kanjō.
The "kami" Inari has been subjected to the "kanjō" process more often than any other "kami", and is therefore a good example of its use.
The transfer does not necessarily take place from a shrine to another: the new location can be a privately owned object or an individual house. The case is recorded of Inari being re-enshrined in a fox hole In fact, the first recorded Inari "kanjō", in 842, involved the "kami"'s transfer to Ono no Takamura scepter. The "kami" was then transported to Mutsu no Kuni (Aomori) by its owner. Some years later he returned to Kyoto, and Aomori's people asked him to leave the spirit behind, which he did in what would become Takekoma Inari.
In 1194, Emperor Go-Toba decided that only Fushimi Inari Shrine could perform any of the parts of the Inari "kanjō", however abuses were such that the shrine started providing an authenticity certificate with each divided spirit. The process was briefly outlawed nationwide during the Meiji era, but was brought back by popular demand and nowadays most large Inari shrines will perform it for a fee, sometimes decided by the shrine, sometimes left to the discretion of the worshiper. As of 1990, Fushimi Inari Shrine had performed it eighty thousand times for private citizens.
When one of Inari's forms is reenshrined with a different name, it may also be worshiped for a specific function. All the new functions are thereafter assumed to be specialties of the "kami", particularly in case of a great success in the reenshrinement, even when those functions are very far from its original nature, as for instance fishing is in Inari's case.

</doc>
<doc id="18358871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18358871" title="JV's Restaurant">
JV's Restaurant

J V's Restaurant is a Falls Church and Fairfax County, Virginia institution that evolved from a strip mall eatery, founded in October 1947, into one of the Washington, D.C. region's premiere locations for live music, without losing its rustic atmosphere. 
Its slogan is "Ageless Charm Without Yuppie Bastardization". Located on Arlington Boulevard, Route 50, just west of Annandale Road, J V's has provided a venue for live music for well over four decades. In 2004, the Wammies, governed by the Washington Area Music Association, presented J V's with a special award, voted on by the participating Washington-region musicians, the Special Appreciation Award as their favorite live venue. 
History.
Founded in the immediate post-World War II years by brothers Louis and George Dross who, as a Greek resistance fighter against the German forces, was captured and held as a prisoner-of-war for 18 months, emigrated to the United States with his wife shortly after that conflict's conclusion, with the establishment always maintaining a strong support for POWs/MIAs.
Originally a small diner operation located in an undeveloped area of Fairfax County in the Jefferson Village Shopping Center, it was named the Jefferson Restaurant, as were all businesses in the art-deco strip mall (i.e. Jefferson Barber, Jefferson Bakery) after the adjacent infant neighborhood on the northwest corner of Route 50 and Annandale Road. Local Falls Church phone numbers in that era all began 532- or 533-, JEfferson 2 or JEfferson 3. The restaurant's original number was JE2-2222. A movie house, added to the complex next to the restaurant in 1948, would be named the Jefferson Theatre.
Proprietor George Dross's past experience as a foreign national prisoner-of-war proved an attraction for military personnel from Fort Myer who would drive the five miles from Arlington County, also on Route 50. Eddie Fisher, later a Hollywood celebrity, would motor west to have breakfast with the proprietor and chew the fat. (From 1952 to 1953, Fisher was the official vocal soloist for The United States Army Band (Pershing's Own) and a tenor section member in the United States Army Band Chorus (an element of Pershing's Own) assigned at Fort Myer.) 
By the late 1950s, the restaurant had become a place for live performances by local artists who would drop by and jam. It changed its name formally to J V's Restaurant in the early 1960s, after the Jefferson Village Shopping Center, and formalized the schedule for live music performances about 1980. Prior to that, it had been mostly open-mike. Many musicians, famous and not-yet-famous, have appeared over the years, including members of Patsy Cline's band, the Country Gentlemen, the Seldom Scene, Tony Rice, Roy Clark, Catfish Hodge, Billy Hancock, and various members of such bands as Molly Hatchet, Eric Clapton, Blackfoot, Lynyrd Skynyrd, Rod Stewart, and Willie Nelson's Ungrateful Bastards. 
An attempt was made to secure a liquor license in the 1960s, but Virginia laws proscribing the exact size of tables in said-licensed establishments were missed by fraction of inches, and the management said the heck with it, and it has remained a beer joint to the current day.
This latter day honky-tonk pays regular homage to the military, and hosts participants in the annual Rolling Thunder motorcycle gathering in honor of POWs and MIAs. Several local musicians have composed songs about the establishment and Lorraine Campbell, the current owner, and daughter of the founders.

</doc>
<doc id="18358876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18358876" title="Battle of Košare">
Battle of Košare

The Battle of Košare (; ) was fought during the Kosovo War between the military forces of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia on one side and the Kosovo Liberation Army (UÇK) on the other. The battle was fought around Rasa Koshares on the border between FR Yugoslavia and Albania from 9 April until 10 June during the NATO bombing of FR Yugoslavia. 
The point of the attack from the Albanian side was a land invasion of Kosovo and the cutting off of the communications of the Yugoslav Army between the forces in Prizren and Djakovica. Another goal was the taking of the region of Metohija. After days of heavy fighting, the Yugoslav Army kept the Kosovo Liberation Army from advancing into Kosovo. UÇK soldiers managed to take the Košare outpost following a massive artillery barrage by the Albanian Army and NATO bombardardment of strategic sites held by the Yugoslavs, but they failed to complete any of their strategic objectives and failed to drive the Yugoslav forces out of the area.
Attack.
On 9 April 1999, at 03:00, an artillery barrage began from the Albanian side of the border, aimed in the direction of the Košare military outpost, which was occupied by the Yugoslav Army. The Albanians attacked in three directions, the first was towards Rasa Košare, the second was towards the well-defended Košare outpost and the third was towards Maja Glava. During the artillery bombardment, approximately 1,500 UÇK militants reached the border unspotted. According to Serb sources, the Albanian gunners were assisted by the French Foreign Legion. At that time less than 200 members of the Yugoslav Army were stationed at the front line. Bloody fighting ensued and lasted the whole day with heavy losses on Serbian side. Later, the UÇK seized the peak of Rasa Košares and immediately began entrenching themselves.
The battle continued all night until the next morning. Then, with massive artillery support, the UÇK took Maja Glava and continued to bombard the Košare Outpost, which resulted in the Yugoslav soldiers having to abandon their posts. At 19:00, members of the UÇK entered the abandoned outpost and CNN and the British BBC broadcast images of a great number of UÇK militants taking the outpost.
Members of the Yugoslav Army then retreated towards the second line of defense above the outpost. Those positions were much more easier to defend. The next day, Yugoslav reserve troops arrived to relieve the First Army. One batch of UÇK soldiers managed to cut the Yugoslav Army line of communications, and managed to damage one BOV vehicle.
During the night, the UÇK attacked the Yugoslav Army at Opijaz, trying to shatter the resistance of the Yugoslav soldiers, but all of the attacks were unsuccessful and resulted in the Yugoslav Army inflicting some losses on the UÇK soldiers.
The next day, the UÇK tried to break the resistance of the second defensive line of the Yugoslav Army, with little success. Meanwhile, the Yugoslavs managed to bring in their Special Forces and also a few artillery pieces.
Reorganization of Yugoslav positions and counterattack.
Albanian Army and UÇK artillery continued to shell the Yugoslav Army's positions from Maja Glava and Rasa Košares. The Yugoslav Army Headquarters decided to launch a sudden attack and surprise the enemy. On April 14, Yugoslav troops attacked Maja Glava. The distance between the two enemy trenches wasn't longer than 50 meters. The Yugoslav Army was unable to take Maja Glava completely, but it prevented the Albanians' artillery from engaging them from their positions. The Maja Glava front was stabilized until the end of the war, without any changes on the lines.
In April, there weren't any changes on the front lines at Rasa Košares and both sides suffered heavy losses. Many Yugoslav soldiers were killed by the non-stop artillery bombardment, while many UÇK soldiers were killed in numerous unsuccessful attempts to break the Yugoslav lines of defense.
May at Košare.
May began with several unsuccessful attacks by the Yugoslav Army to take back the Košare outpost. The attacks were made unsuccessful because of the constant artillery fire aimed at their positions. On the 6th of May, the Yugoslav Army counterattacked at Rasa Košares, in an effort to halt the artillery bombardment. A bloody skirmish ensued, but the Yugoslav Army did not manage to take Rasa Košares. On 10 May, the Yugoslav Army sent two T-55 tanks to help stabilize the offensive on Rasa Košares. When the tanks penetrated the UÇK's lines, they managed to gain over 100 meters of insurgent-held territory, but the UÇK still managed to retain control of Rasa Košares. During the night between the 10th and the 11th of May, NATO bombers dropped dozens of bombs on the Yugoslav troops who had attacked UÇK positions under Rasa Košares. In these attacks, NATO killed 8 Yugoslav soldiers and one officer and managed to wound over 40. The UÇK seized the opportunity to attack and fought the Yugoslav soldiers out of their positions and forced them back.
During the middle of May, many bloody skirmishes were fought at Mrcaj, which was eventually taken by the Yugoslav Army. After the Yugoslavs had inflicted some casualties on the insurgents, the UÇK had to retreat from their positions giving the Yugoslavs the chance to take the now undefended position. This development allowed the Yugoslav Army to stabilize their position on the battlefield and to hold the aggressors outside of their line of defense. On 22 May, NATO aircraft mistakenly bombed UÇK positions, killing 67. The bloody battle of Košare lasted until the 10th of June, when the Yugoslavs agreed to withdraw from Kosovo.
Aftermath.
The Kosovo War lasted until 10 June. The Kumanovo Agreement was signed and the Yugoslav Army, paramilitaries and police-forces had to pull out of Kosovo. The KFOR entered Kosovo as a peacekeeping force. The UÇK was, under the terms of the Kumanovo Treaty, disarmed and disbanded, however some of its members left Kosovo to fight for an Albanian insurgency in the Republic of Macedonia and southeastern Serbia.

</doc>
<doc id="18358891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18358891" title="Michel Dejouhannet">
Michel Dejouhannet

Michel Dejouhannet (Châteauroux, 3 July 1935) was a French professional road bicycle racer. In 1959, Dejouhannet won a stage in the 1959 Tour de France.

</doc>
<doc id="18358911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18358911" title="Blue &amp; Gray">
Blue &amp; Gray

Blue & Gray is a two-player strategy board game invented by Henry Busch and Arthur Jaeger in 1903. They obtained a patent for the game, but may never have published it. Blue & Gray was featured in the book "A Gamut of Games" (1969) by Sid Sackson. It was also featured in "The Book of Classic Board Games" (1991) by Klutz Press under the name Cats and Dogs. In this book, the game was ranked among the top 15 board games of all time, including checkers, backgammon, Go, and mancala. The game is also known as Wild West, Thumps Game, and Captain and Soldiers. Blue & Gray is a distant relative of draughts.
Goal.
The object of the game is to advance the captain to the center of the board (marked as a red dot) through the 17-step outlined path. The first to accomplish this is the winner. At the same time, each player tries to prevent the advancement of the other's captain.
If neither player can advance their captain further down the outlined path, the player whose captain has advanced farthest wins. 
An optional rule to winning is for one player to advance their captain three spaces further along the outlined path than the other player.
Equipment.
The game is played on a 9 x 9 board. The board also consists of two 17-step outline paths for each player to advance their "captain" piece to the center of the board which is marked as a red dot. Each player initially has 17 "guard" pieces and one captain. One set is colored black, and the other is colored white, however, any two colors or distinguishable objects will suffice.

</doc>
<doc id="18358932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18358932" title="Marcel Queheille">
Marcel Queheille

Marcel Queheille (Sanguis, 16 March 1930) was a French professional road bicycle racer. IN 1959, Queheille was the winner of the ninth stage of the 1959 Tour de France.

</doc>
<doc id="18358943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18358943" title="C56">
C56

C56 or C-56 may refer to :
Related:

</doc>
<doc id="18358952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18358952" title="Ray Walker (English footballer)">
Ray Walker (English footballer)

Raymond "Ray" Walker (born 28 September 1963) is an English former football midfielder. He played 440 games for Port Vale in all competitions between 1986 and 1997, ensuring himself a place in the club's history. He was twice the club's player of the season, and was named on the PFA Team of the Year three times. He was promoted twice with the club and also played a part in the club's highest ever post-war finish in the Football League.
Known as the "Hoddle of the lower leagues", Walker was an expert passer. With Aston Villa in the early '80s, he joined Port Vale in 1986, after a short loan spell in 1984. After eleven years at Vale Park he went into non-league football with Leek Town and Newcastle Town.
Playing career.
Walker began his career with First Division club Aston Villa in September 1981, but found first-team opportunities limited. He made his debut in the 1982–83 season against West Ham United.
He was loaned to Fourth Division Port Vale for two months at the start of the 1984–85 season. He played fifteen games for John Rudge's side, scoring his first goal in professional football on 15 September, in a 3–1 win over Torquay United at Plainmoor. He returned to Villa Park but failed to established himself in the first team. He returned to Port Vale (now in the Third Division) on a permanent basis in July 1986 for a fee of £12,000, plus 50% of any future sale above that amount (a fee settled by a tribunal). He played 54 games in 1986–87, scoring five goals. He was voted Player of the Year by the club's supporters in 1987–88, and was also selected by the PFA for the Third Division Team of the Year. These awards were handed to him for his performances during his 53 game season, with one of his seven goals coming against Tottenham Hotspur in a celebrated FA Cup Fourth Round upset. He handed in a transfer request in June 1988, following rumours that the club had turned down an offer of £150,000 from Manchester City; his request was rejected – much to the disappointment of Stoke City manager Mick Mills.
His partnership in midfield with Robbie Earle helped the club win promotion in 1988–89, both men being key players in the 1989 play-off final. Walker was also selected in the PFA Team of the Year for a second successive season, scoring six goals in 56 appearances. Despite this, he said "Wait until next year. I had a bad season!" He helped the club to survive and prosper in the Second Division, and recovered from injury to post 47 appearances in 1989–90. He only scored the one goal, though it came at a crucial time, helping the "Valiants" to record a 3–2 victory over top-flight Derby County at Pride Park in the FA Cup.
He was installed as the club's penalty-taker in 1990–91, and five of his seven goals came from the spot. His performances over his fifty games resulted in him being awarded the club's Player of the Year award once again in 1991, with only David Harris before him having been handed that honour twice.
He was sidelined for five months with ligament damage in September 1991, and his absence during the 1991–92 was notable, and was a factor in the club being relegated, with Vale finishing just five points from safety. He recovered to make 27 appearances over the course of the season, his two goals from coming from the spot. Walker was involved in the TNT Tournament win in summer 1992. He picked up a knee injury in April 1993 and although his performances 1992–93 saw him selected for that seasons PFA Second Division side of the year, he had to undergo a cruciate ligament operation in September 1993, which caused him to miss most of the 1993–94 season. At the end of the campaign though, Vale were promoted into the First Division as Second Division runners-up.
He spent a brief five game loan period with Second Division Cambridge United in September 1994, but managed to win his place back at Vale Park upon his return. However he was struck down by another knee injury in March 1995. He played in the 1996 Anglo-Italian Cup Final, as Vale lost 5–2 to Genoa. He made nineteen appearances in 1996–97, as Vale posted their highest ever post-WW2 finish (eighth place in the second tier). He then left the club in May 1997. His many years with the "Valiants" entitled him to a testimonial game, which finished as a 8–6 defeat to Leicester City. He played a total of 440 league and cup games for the club, scoring 43 goals.
After leaving Port Vale he spent time as a player-coach with Conference new boys Leek Town, including a spell as caretaker manager in 1998. He later turned out for Newcastle Town.
Style of play.
Walker was an excellent set-piece taker.
Post-retirement.
Walker is now Football in the Community Officer for Crewe Alexandra.

</doc>
<doc id="18358988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18358988" title="William Lewis (chemist)">
William Lewis (chemist)

William Henry Lewis (1869 – 25 May 1963) was Professor of Chemistry at the University of Exeter for more than 30 years.
Lewis was educated at University College of Wales, Aberystwyth (as it was then known) and Jesus College, Oxford. After graduating, he was a science teacher at Exeter School for seven years, before being appointed Professor of Chemistry at University College, Exeter (as it was then known) in 1901. From 1925 until his retirement in 1935, he combined his position as Professor with that of Vice-Principal of the College, helping to publicise the institution throughout Devon. In his role as Professor, he was regarded as having built up the Chemistry department from nothing into a "strong and vital unit." He served on the council of the Royal Institute of Chemistry from 1924 to 1927. He was awarded an honorary doctorate by Exeter University in 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="18358995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18358995" title="Patches from the Quilt">
Patches from the Quilt

Patches from the Quilt is a digital EP released by Gym Class Heroes. It includes the singles "Cookie Jar" featuring R&B singer The-Dream and "Peace Sign/Index Down" featuring rapper Busta Rhymes and one new track that appeared on their album "The Quilt", released on September 9, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18359013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18359013" title="Rolf Graf">
Rolf Graf

Rolf Graf (born 19 August 1932) was a Swiss professional road bicycle racer. Rolf Graf was protected by Swiss cyclist Ferdi Kübler.
He competed in the individual and team road race events at the 1952 Summer Olympics. In 1963, Graf had car crash in Italy, from which he never really recovered, and in 1964 he had to stop his cycling career.

</doc>
<doc id="18359038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18359038" title="Bringin' Home the Oil">
Bringin' Home the Oil

Bringin' Home the Oil is an Irish-themed sea shanty written in 1969 by Tommy Makem and the Clancy Brothers as the theme for a two-minute long television commercial for Gulf Oil as part of their sponsorship of NBC News coverage of the US space program and the national political conventions in celebration of Gulf Oil's then-new operations in Bantry Bay.
Quite possibly the only song ever written about a modern-day oil tanker, the upbeat 6/8 melody is that of a traditional Scottish song, "The Gallant Forty Twa" which was also recorded by the Clancys. It tells the story of Gulf's 300,000 dwt "Universe Ireland" as well as making mention of three other ships in the fleet: "Universe Kuwait", "Universe Japan" and "Universe Portugal". The song alludes to the construction of still more vessels; these would later be the vessels rounding out the six-vessel Universe-class fleet, namely the "Universe Iran" and "Universe Korea". Instrumentation in the song is simple, consisting of strummed banjo and guitar as well as a solo tin whistle between verses.
The song is told from the point-of-view of an "able-bodied sailor" who boasts of "sailin' all around the world" and "bringin' home the oil" to "keep all Europe movin' from our base in Bantry Bay." Gulf's operations from its Whiddy Island oil terminal in Bantry Bay ended on a night in January 1979 when the Total Oil tanker "Betelgeuse" exploded while unloading its cargo of Arabian crude oil.
The commercial itself was simple, consisting of helicopter shots of the various vessels (beginning with the superstructure of the "Universe Kuwait") often in conjunction with tugboats to give the viewer a sense of scale regarding the size of the ships. One overhead shot shows five tugboats pushing on the port side of the "Universe Ireland" as part of a docking maneuver.
Lyrics.
Verse 1:
I'm an able-bodied sailor and I've often crossed the line,
On whalin' ships and sailin' ships and ships of every kind;
But now I've got the very best job I've had for many a day.
I'm workin' on a tanker bringin' oil to Bantry Bay.
CHORUS: 
Hey! Bringin' home the oil, me boys, bringin' home the oil!
Sailin' all around the world, bringin' home the oil!
A-workin' on a giant ship, it's very hard we toil,
Sailin' into Bantry Bay, bringin' home the oil!
Verse 2:
She is the biggest ship, me lads, that ever sailed the sea.
As graceful (?) as a swan she goes; we sail her at our ease.
From Araby around Cape Hope we proudly make our way,
To keep all Europe movin' from our base in Bantry Bay. 
CHORUS
Verse 3: 
They're building other tankers now to speed more oil to you,
The Universe Kuwait, me lads, Japan and Portugal, too.
Also the Universe Ireland, I'm very proud to say,
Is among the giant ships that's bringin' oil to Bantry Bay. 
CHORUS

</doc>
<doc id="18359051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18359051" title="Scouting and Guiding in Cambodia">
Scouting and Guiding in Cambodia

The Scout and Guide movement in Cambodia is served by two organizations:
History.
Scouting and Guiding was introduced to Cambodia in the 1930s, when several independent organizations emerged. Under the Japanese occupation during World War II all Scouting and Guiding activities were banned. Scouting and Guiding was readmitted from 1945 to 1964, when it was replaced by the Jeunesse Socialiste Royale Khmer, a socialist youth movement. An effort to reestablish Scouting in 1972 lasted only until 1975, when it was banned again by the Khmer Rouge.
After 1990, several Scouting organizations were founded. They were merged in the coeducational National Association of Cambodian Scouts and the girls-only Girl Guides Association of Cambodia.
Historic associations include:
Cambodian Scouting in exile.
Cambodian Scouting in exile existed at least into the early 1990s in Los Angeles, alongside fellow Vietnamese Scouting in exile and Laotian Scouting in exile groups.
In 2008, a Cambodian troop of the Girl Scouts of the USA was started in Philadelphia.
International Scout units in Cambodia.
The French Association des Guides et Scouts d'Europe maintains one Scout troop in Phnom Penh for francophone youth, acting as a separate association under the name "Scoutisme au Cambodge" (i.e., "Scouting in Cambodia").

</doc>
<doc id="18359053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18359053" title="Race Rocks Tidal Power Demonstration Project">
Race Rocks Tidal Power Demonstration Project

The Race Rocks Tidal Power Demonstration Project (official name: Pearson College - EnCana - Clean Current Tidal Power Demonstration Project at Race Rocks) is a joint project of the Lester B. Pearson College, EnCana Corporation and Clean Current Power Systems Incorporated to use tidal power at Race Rocks near Victoria, British Columbia in Canada. The Race Rocks Tidal Current Generator was installed from July to September 2006 and it was planned to replace two diesel generators at Race Rocks Ecological Reserve. It was the first in-stream tidal current generator in North America.
The water lubricated bearing system did not perform as expected, and the prototype was decommissioned in May 2007, so that the bearing system can be redesigned.
The 65 kW direct drive variable speed permanent magnet generator with bi-directional ducted horizontal axis turbine is placed at the depth of to .

</doc>
<doc id="18359059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18359059" title="Molly Jenson">
Molly Jenson

Molly Rachel Jenson (born March 20, 1979) is a singer/songwriter from San Diego, California.
Origins.
At age twelve, Jenson was a vocalist in her first band, named "GALS". The band was composed of several of her classmates. For about a year, Jenson was a vocalist with the Christian rock band, everybodyduck, which toured California for several years playing Christian camps. Other members of the band included Darin McWatters as the lead vocalist, guitarists Josh Blanken and Cory Knapp, and drummer Mike Day.
Music career.
She won the award for "Best Acoustic Act" at the 2007 San Diego Music Awards. In April 2007, Teen Vogue Magazine named her "One of the three best new artists on MySpace". In 2007, she collaborated with Switchfoot lead singer Jon Foreman on his solo “Spring" EP. In May, 2008, she signed to producer Mark Joseph's Bully! Pulpit Records, in a joint partnership with Nettwerk Music Group (home to top artists like Sarah McLachlan, Avril Lavigne and The Cardigans). Her first album on Bully! Pulpit/Nettwerk "Maybe Tomorrow", produced by Greg Laswell, was released worldwide on March 3, 2009, featuring a duet with Foreman titled "Do You Only Love The Ones Who Look Like You." In September 2008 Jenson's song "Give It Time" was selected to appear in the Freshman Survival Kit, which went out to 75,000 incoming college freshman. In the fall of 2008, Jenson's song, "Wait For You Here," was used in the premiere of the new NBC Television show "Knight Rider", while another song "Give It Time" was used in the CW show "Privileged." More recently, Molly Jenson was featured on Sherwood's third album, "Qu" on the song "Worn".
Live performances/Tours.
Jeson toured in Japan in 2008 and has toured in the United States and Europe.
Musical style & Musicianship.
Jenson's work has been compared to many other musicians. In 2009, Relevant Magazine drew comparisons to Mazzy Star and Leona Naess while crosswalk.com likened her to Missy Higgins, Bethany Dillon, A Fine Frenzy, and Ingrid Michelson.
In 2010, Dean Nelson reported that Teen Vogue saw similarities to the sounds of Norah Jones and Sheryl Crowe, while drawing his own comparisons to Joni Mitchell and Bette Midler.
Discography.
Albums.
Maybe Tomorrow (released April 2005 — re-released March 3, 2009)

</doc>
<doc id="18359060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18359060" title="André Le Dissez">
André Le Dissez

André Le Dissez (11 November 1929, in Plougonven) was a French professional road bicycle racer.

</doc>
<doc id="18359067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18359067" title="MacRobertson Bridge">
MacRobertson Bridge

The MacRobertson Bridge is a road bridge that carries Grange Road from Toorak on the south bank into Burnley, over the Yarra River and the Monash Freeway in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.
The first river crossing at the site was Twickenham Ferry, which conveyed passengers and was founded by waterman Jesse Barrow in 1880. it was named for the Twickenham Ferry in London. The ferry survived until 1934, when it was replaced by the MacRobertson Bridge, financed by Sir Macpherson Robertson. When built the bridge was one of two bridges in the world to be the first to use welded steel trusses.
As built the bridge only spanned the Yarra, but in 1967 the South Eastern Arterial was built, running under the northern most span.

</doc>
<doc id="18359080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18359080" title="Automatic Transmitter Identification System (television)">
Automatic Transmitter Identification System (television)

The Automatic Transmitter Identification System (ATIS) is a communications protocol used for the station identification of television channels carried on satellite TV. 
ATIS is only required for analog TV transmission and only via satellites or earth stations under United States jurisdiction. It is continuously repeated whilst an earth station is using a transponder on a satellite. The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) rules for ATIS are set forth in 47 CFR §25.281.
ATIS is a Morse code transmission sent on a subcarrier of 7.1 MHz and must activate automatically any time the station is transmitting. The center frequency must be no more than 25 kHz from this nominal value and the frequency deviation must be no more than 25 kHz peak when being modulated. Injection must be at a minimum of −26dB referenced to the unmodulated carrier. The tone used to modulate the subcarrier is nominally 1200 Hz, but may vary by as much as 800 Hz (400 to 2000 Hz). 
The ATIS message is sent at a transmission rate of 15 to 25 words per minute and must not exceed 30 seconds in its entire length. The message includes the FCC-assigned callsign of the earth station, its telephone number, a ten-digit serial number, and sometimes other information which is voluntary. The telephone number must immediately connect to personnel who can resolve radio interference and other frequency coordination issues. The serial number cannot be easily changed. 
ATIS encoders must be included in the uplink airchain of all transmitters as of March 1, 1991 "in a method that cannot easily be defeated".
Other subcarriers piggybacked on the video carrier are also included in transmissions, often at 6.2 MHz and 6.8 MHz, just above the bandpass of the video signal (even if scrambled). These carry left and right stereo audio and second audio program, and sometimes radio stations or radio networks which may be unrelated to the TV network. Backhauls are too intermittent for such uses but may carry in-house private audio channels instead. Because all of these, including ATIS, are all audio, they can all be tuned by an analog TVRO receiver. However, digital TV has overtaken analog because multiple channels can be transmitted on one transponder. These signals carry their station ID as data instead.

</doc>
<doc id="18359094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18359094" title="Bunrei">
Bunrei

For details, see the article about the similar term Kanjō.

</doc>
<doc id="18359098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18359098" title="Concept School of Learning">
Concept School of Learning

Concept School of Learning Abbottabad is a privately run high school on Abbottabad, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan. The school provides education from Montessori to 10th grade. It was started in 1997 in Nawanshehar region of Abbottabad, and then moved to Manshera Road, Abbottabad.
Location.
The main campus of the school is on the Manshera Road (the famous silk road), opposite the Radio Pakistan building in the supply area of Abbottabad.
The school provides hostel facility for boys on the Manshera Road near Dragon Palace Chinese Restaurant.
Administration.
The school is run by a board of directors. The principal is Rafia Tabasaum (MSc Biochemistry, Aligar University India). She is a member of the Board of Secondary Education, Abbottabad.

</doc>
<doc id="18359109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18359109" title="Capital Center South Tower">
Capital Center South Tower

Capitol Center South Tower is a high rise in Indianapolis, Indiana. It was completed in 1987 and is 22 stories tall. It is primarily used for office space. 

</doc>
<doc id="18359122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18359122" title="Richard T. Davis">
Richard T. Davis

Specialist Richard T. Davis (March 14, 1978 – July 15, 2003) was an Infantryman in the United States Army. The son of two US Army veterans, Lanny and Remy Davis, he was born on an Army base in Germany. Davis enlisted in the Army in 1998 and served in Operation Joint Forge in Bosnia and later in the Iraq War, where he and his comrades participated in the April 11, 2003, "Midtown Massacre," a five-hour firefight in downtown Baghdad. On July 15, 2003, less than two days after returning from deployment to Iraq, Davis was murdered outside Fort Benning, Georgia by a fellow soldier from Baker Company, Alberto Martinez. Three other soldiers were also present and involved in the events that led up to the killing and followed the killing.
Initially, the Army concluded that Davis deserted and despite pleas from Davis' father, would not initiate an investigation into his son's disappearance for nearly two months. Davis' remains were not found until November 2003. He had been stabbed in the head, neck, and chest at least thirty-three times. His body was later dismembered, doused in lighter fluid, and burned. Unnamed sources have suggested that Davis was killed because he had planned to make a complaint about a rape of an Iraqi woman by US troops.
On February 17, 2004, Mario Navarette, Alberto Martinez, Jacob Burgoyne, and Douglas Woodcoff were indicted by Georgia authorities for the murder. Burgoyne pled guilty to voluntary manslaughter and was sentenced to 20 years in prison. Woodcoff pled guilty to concealing the death of another and was sentenced to probation. At trial, Navarette was convicted of felony murder while in the commission of an aggravated assault, aggravated assault, possession of a knife during the commission of a crime, and concealing the death of another. Martinez was convicted of the same charges and malice murder. Navarette and Martinez were both sentenced to life plus fifteen years in prison. 
The story of Davis's murder garnered national attention because he was killed by fellow soldiers and because of the possible role of post traumatic stress disorder as a factor in the crime. Davis's murder was the inspiration for the 2007 Academy Award-nominated film, "In the Valley of Elah".

</doc>
<doc id="18359132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18359132" title="Gérard Saint">
Gérard Saint

Gérard Saint (Renouard, 11 July 1935 — Le Mans, 16 March 1960) was a French professional road bicycle racer. In the 1959 Tour de France, Saint was the winner of the Combativity award. In 1960, during a race in Le Mans, Saint made a fatal crash.

</doc>
<doc id="18359178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18359178" title="Treaty of Königsberg (1384)">
Treaty of Königsberg (1384)

The Treaty of Königsberg was signed in Königsberg (Królewiec) on January 30, 1384 during the Lithuanian Civil War (1381–1384) between Vytautas the Great and representatives of the Teutonic Knights. Vytautas waged a civil against his cousin Jogaila, Grand Duke of Lithuania and future King of Poland, and allied himself with the Teutonic Knights. In order to secure Teutonic support in the civil war, Vytautas signed the treaty and granted Samogitia up to the Nevėžis River and Kaunas to the Knights. In 1382 Jogaila promised the Knights Samogitia only up to the Dubysa River, but never ratified the Treaty of Dubysa. Samogitia was important for the Knights as this territory physically separated them from uniting with the Livonian order in the north. Vytautas also promised to become Order's vassal. In February several Samogitian regions acknowledged their support to Vytautas and the Knights.
On July 16, 1384 Vytautas re-confirmed the Treaty of Königsberg in New Marienverder, a new fortress built on the Neman River. However, the treaty was broken in July when Vytautas and Jogaila reconciled. Vytautas burned Teutonic castles and returned to Lithuania. During the Lithuanian Civil War (1389–1392) Vytautas once again asked for military support from the Knights. On January 19, 1390 he signed the Treaty of Lyck, confirming the Treaty of Königsberg only to break it again in 1392. Vytautas granted Samogitia to the Knights two more times: by Treaty of Salynas (1398) and by Treaty of Raciąż (1404). 
Lithuanian historian Danilevičius and Polish historian Koneczny raised doubts whether the treaty is original and not a Teutonic forgery.

</doc>
<doc id="18359180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18359180" title="Bahu Kalat River">
Bahu Kalat River

The Bahu Kalat River (), also known as Bahu River, Dashtiari River and Silup River, is a river in the Sistan va Baluchistan province in Iran. It is located in Bahu district, which is about 90 kilometers from Chabahar County. The river is the longest and biggest river in the south-eastern portion of Iran, and flows into Gwadar Bay.

</doc>
