<doc id="18476425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18476425" title="History of Argentina (1916–30)">
History of Argentina (1916–30)

The period spanning from 1916 to 1930 in Argentina is known as the Radical Phase ("la Etapa Radical"), as it began with the election of the Radical Civic Union (UCR) candidate Hipólito Yrigoyen, ending the conservative Generation of '80's domination on politics. Yrigoyen's second term, which started in 1928, was interrupted by Argentina's first military coup, which established José Félix Uriburu in power and initiated the Infamous Decade.
The First Yrigoyen Administration (1916-1922).
Conservative forces dominated Argentine politics until 1916, when their traditional rivals, the Radicals, led by Hipólito Yrigoyen, won control of the government through the first national elections made at universal male suffrage, due to the 1912 Sáenz Peña Law. 745,000 citizens were allowed to vote, on a total population of 7,5 millions (immigrants, who constituted much of the population, were not allowed to vote), of which 400,000 abstained themselves. Yrigoyen, however, only obtained 45% of the votes, which did not allow him a majority in Parliament, where the conservatives remained the first force. Thus, on 80 draft laws proposed by the executive, only 26 were voted by the conservative majority. The moderate agricultural reform was refused by the Parliament, as well as a tax on interests and the creation of a Bank of the Republic (which was to have the missions of the current Central Bank).
Despite this conservative opposition, the Radical Civic Union (UCR), with their emphasis on fair elections and democratic institutions, opened their doors to Argentina's expanding middle class as well as to social groups previously excluded from power. Yrigoyen's policy was to "fix" the system, by enacting necessary reforms which would enable the agroindustrial export model to preserve itself. It alterned moderate social reforms with repression of the social movements. In 1918, an estudiantine movement started at the University of Córdoba, which eventually led to the University Reform, which quickly spread to the rest of America. In May '68, French students recalled the Córdoba movement.
Thus, on one hand, the Tragic Week of January 1919, during which the Argentine Regional Workers' Federation (FORA, founded in 1901) had called for a general strike after a police shooting, ended up in 700 killed and 4,000 injured. General Luis delle Piane marched on Buenos Aires to re-establish civil order. Despite being called for by some to initiate a coup against Yrigoyen, he remained loyal to the President, at the sole condition that the latter would allow him a free hand on the repression of the demonstrations. Social movements thereafter continued in the "Forestal" British company, and in Patagonia, where Hector Varela headed the military repression, assisted by the Argentine Patriotic League, killing 1,500.
On the other hand, Yrigoyen's administration enacted the Labor Code establishing the right to strike in 1921, implemented minimum wages laws and collective contracts. It also initiated the creation of the "Dirección General de Yacimientos Petrolíferos Fiscales" (YPF), the oil state company, in June 1922. Radicalism rejected class struggle and vouched for social conciliation.
World War I and Foreign Relations.
Meanwhile, the Radicals continued Argentina's neutrality policy during World War I, despite the United States' urge to push them into declaring war on the Triple Alliance. Neutrality enabled Argentina to export goods to Europe, in particular to Great Britain, as well as to issue credit to the belligerent powers. Germany sank two Argentine civilian ships, "Monte Protegido" on April 4, 1917 and the "Toro", but the diplomatic incident only ended with the expulsion of the German ambassador, Karl von Luxburg one of the most influential Germans who lived in Latin America Karl Ludwig Graf von Luxburg Furst zu Carolath-Beuthen und Prinz von Schoenaich-Carolath / Karl Ludwig Count of Luxburg Duque of Carolath-Beuthen and Prínce of Schoenaich-Carolath . Yrigoyen organized a Conference of Neutral Powers in Buenos Aires, to oppose the United States' attempt to bring American states in the European war, and also supported Sandino's resistance in Nicaragua.
In September 1922, Yrigoyen's administration refused to follow the "cordon sanitaire" policy enacted against the Soviet Union, and, basing itself on the assistance given to Austria after the war, decided to send the USSR 5 million pesos in assistance.
The Alvear Administration (1922-1928).
The same year, Yrigoyen was replaced by his rival inside the UCR, Marcelo Torcuato de Alvear, an aristocrat, who defeated Norberto Piñero's "Concentración Nacional" (conservatives) with 458,457 votes against 200,080. Alvear brought to his cabinet personalities belonging to the traditional ruling classes, such as José Nicolás Matienzo at the Interior Ministry, Ángel Gallardo at Foreign Relations, Agustín P. Justo at the War Ministry, Manuel Domecq García at the Marine and Rafael Herrera Vegas at the Haciendas. Alvera's supporters founded the "Unión Cívica Radical Antipersonalista", opposed to Yrigoyen's party.
Alvear retroceded many of Yrigoyen's social reforms and labor laws, as well as the University Reform. 
In 1922, the poet Leopoldo Lugones, who had turned towards fascism, made a famous speech in Lima, known as "the time of the sword", in presence of the War Minister and future dictator Agustín P. Justo, which called for a military coup and the establishment of a military dictatorship. The preceding year, the counter-revolutionary "Logia General San Martín" was founded, and diffused nationalist ideas in the military until its dissolving in 1926. Three years later, the misnamed "Liga Republicana" (Republican League) was founded by Roberto de Laferrere, on the model of Benito Mussolini's Black shirts in Italy. The Argentinian Right found its major influences in the 19th century Spanish writer Marcelino Menéndez y Pelayo and in the French royalist Charles Maurras.
On the other hand of the political spectrum, the Italian anarchist Severino Di Giovanni headed a propaganda of the deed campaign in support of Sacco and Vanzetti, as well as directing bombings against Fascist Italy's interests in Argentina. He was executed in 1931, after having perpetrated the most important bombing in Argentina, against the Italian consulate in May 1928.
Yrigoyen's return to power (1928-1930).
Yrigoyen was re-elected in 1928, and toppled by a military coup in 1930.

</doc>
<doc id="18476444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18476444" title="Henry Sidney (disambiguation)">
Henry Sidney (disambiguation)

Henry Sidney or Sydney may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18476451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18476451" title="SM City">
SM City

SM City is a name for a major shopping mall owned by Henry Sy and his company SM Prime Holdings, the largest retail and mall operator in the Philippines and one of the highest shopping management firms.
An SM City can be either small or big as long as there's major appearing anchors like the SM Department Store, SM Supermarket/Savemore, SM Hypermarket and SM Cinemas.
History.
Back in 1985, when SM City North EDSA was opened, The name was originally SM Center North EDSA. Then in 1986, they made a motto stating "More than just a Center, It's a City" and changed the name from SM Center to SM City. Currently SM has been developing and establishing SM City malls throughout the country. But not all SM Malls have the word City on it. Some SM Malls have the word Center for minor shopping malls and only features SM Hypermarket on it.
Anchor Tenants appearing in an SM City.
SM Department Store/The SM Store.
Every SM City Mall has an SM Department Store, It can be a small branch or big branch as long there's enough space for the mall to squeeze the anchor tenant. The first SM Department Store we're only standalone branches strategically located inside or outside shopping malls. Now SM holds the largest chain of department stores in the country today and all of them are located inside SM City Malls.
SM Grocery Stores.
The grocery stores can either be SM Supermarket Savemore Market or SM Hypermarket. Being owned by the SM Group, it now holds more than 40 grocery store branches strategically located inside and outside SM City.
SM Cinemas.
Being the largest theater chain in the country, every SM City has Deluxe State-of-the-Art cinemas built by one of the highest cinema technologies in the world. Inside of the cinema, you will see a better and clear picture when you experience watching a movie inside a big screen with high quality picture and sound, seating with auditorium and stadium-style seats and enjoying your snacks insides the cineplex.

</doc>
<doc id="18476454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18476454" title="Régis Clère">
Régis Clère

Régis Clère (15 August 1956 – 9 June 2012) was a French professional road bicycle racer. 
Clère was born in Langres. During his career, he won three stages in the Tour de France. He won one of these stages, in the 1987 Tour de France, after he was almost eliminated after finishing outside the time limit in the previous stage, but the Tour de France jury allowed him to continue the race.
Clère died, aged 55, in Dijon during a surgical procedure.

</doc>
<doc id="18476477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18476477" title="Lomellini Ewer and Basin">
Lomellini Ewer and Basin

This silver ewer and basin, now in the Victoria and Albert Museum in London, was originally part of a set of six. They were made in 1621 to 1622 and are decorated with episodes from the life of Giovanni Grimaldi, who was a member of one of the most important aristocratic families in 17th century Genoa. The ewer depicts an event in the Wars in Lombardy, the battle of the River Po in 1431, at which Giovanni commanded the Milanese fleet against the Venetians. Also prominent on the set are the arms of the Lomellini, another highly influential Genoese family whose wealth was partly founded on trade in coral. There is no documentary evidence for the commission but the two dynasties shared trading interests and were related by marriage. It may be that the pieces were made for the House of Grimaldi but later passed on the Lomellini, perhaps as a wedding gift or to mark a business transaction. Objects such as these were deliberately designed to be admired rather than used. The sculptural decoration of the set, in particular with writing handle and shell lip of the ewer, reflects the taste for marine and grotesque ornament that was fashionable in the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries.
It has been suggested that the goldsmith may have used drawings by Lavazzo Tavarone (1556–1641), who worked on the frescoes in the Palazzo Grimaldi. Both pieces bear the mark of Genoa but were probably the work of a Flemish goldsmith, Giovanni Aelbosca Belga. It was not unusual for Flemish goldsmiths to be working in Genoa at this time as a large colony of Flemish artists also resided there in the early 17th century.

</doc>
<doc id="18476484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18476484" title="The Reason of Church-Government Urged against Prelaty">
The Reason of Church-Government Urged against Prelaty

The Reason of Church-Government Urged against Prelaty is an essay by English poet John Milton distributed as one of a series of religious pamphlets by the writer. Published in 1642, the political work details Milton's preference for a Presbyterian approach to the Church of England over approaches favoured by the episcopal organisation of the time. Milton states that this form of worship stems from Hebrew scriptures. The essay was meant as a response to the beliefs of Bishop Joseph Hall and Archbishop James Ussher.
Background.
Milton published "The Reason for Church-Government Urged against Prelaty" in January/February 1642. The tract was the fourth of his five antiprelatical tracts and was produced 6 months after "Animadversions". The work is a response to an attack on his previous works which was titled "Certain Briefe Treatises, Written by Diverse Learned Men, Concerning the Ancient and Moderne Government of the Church". Unlike Milton's previous three, he included his name upon the tract and he emphasised himself within the text.
Tract.
Milton begins his tract with a discussion on language. In particular, Milton discusses the form of truth and the nature of forms:
if any visible shape can be given to divine things, the very visible shape and image of vertue, whereby she is not only seen in the regular gestures and motions of her heavenly paces as she walkes, but also makes the harmony of her voice audible to mortal eares.
Milton emphasises the need for an open dialogue on these matters, and claims that religious sects are an important part of understanding truth because they serve as reformers. If there is a freedom of speech on religious topics, then the problems of the past can be fixed and the people will be religiously healthy. However, the defence of sects transitions into a defence of his own writing and his own being.
Milton attacks those who ignore scripture and instead emphasise the traditions of the church government:
But let them chaunt while they will of prerogatives, we shall tell them of Scripture; of custom, we of Scripture; of Acts and Statutes, stil of Scripture, til the quick and the pearcing word enter to the dividing of their soules, & the mighty weaknes of the Gospel throw down the weak mightnes of mans reasoning.
Milton believed that ministry was an important focus, and tries to connect his own action to that of a minister. He reveals his personal connection to ministering by relating to his early calling towards such an occupation when he says, "the difficult labours of the Church, to whose service by the intentions of my parents and friends I was destin'd of a child, and in mine own resolutions". In particular, he believed that "tyranny had invaded the Church". and he was called to ministering and claims for himself a connection to a Puritan reform tradition. However, he does not put forth a system that would replace the episcopal government.
In the preface of Book II, Milton gives many of his views about literature and genres:
Time servs not now, and perhaps I might seem to profuse to give any certain account of what the mind at home in the spacious circuits of her musing hath liberty to propose to her self, though of highest hope, and hardest attempting, whether that Epick form whereof the two poems of "Homer", and those other two of "Virgil" and "Tasso" are a diffuse, and the book of "Job" a brief model: or whether the rules of "Aristotle" herein are strictly to be kept, or nature to be follow'd... Or whether those Dramatick constitutions, wherein "Sophocles" and "Euripides" raigne shall be found more doctrinal and exemplary to a Nation, the Scripture also affords us a divine pastoral Drama in the Song of "Salomon" constiting of two persons and a double "Chorus", as "Origen" rightly judges. And the Apocalyps of Saint "John" is the majestick image of a high and stately Tragedy, shutting up and intermingly her solemn Scenes and Acts with a sevenfold "Chorus" of halleluja's and harping symphonies... Or if occasion shall lead to imitat those magnifick Odes and Hymns wherein "Pindarus" and "Callimachus" are in most things worthy, some others in their frame judicious, in their matter most an end faulty: But those frequent songs throughout the law and prophets beyond all these, not in their divine argument alone, but in the very critical art of composition may be easily made appear over all the kinds of Lyrick poesy, to be incomparable.
Themes.
Milton's views on forms and the nature of truth and virtue were developed later in his "Areopagitica".
Also, his views on poetry and art, contained within the preface of Book II, served as a basis for his later poetry. Milton agreed with those like Philip Sidney and Ben Jonson that literature required an ethical function, but he believed that their views were corrupted by their support of traditional power structures.

</doc>
<doc id="18476486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18476486" title="Leesbrook Rugby Football Club">
Leesbrook Rugby Football Club

Leesbrook Rugby Football Club is an English rugby union club based at the Asterdale Sports Centre in Spondon, Derby that plays in the Midlands Division.

</doc>
<doc id="18476487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18476487" title="Ursula de Jesus">
Ursula de Jesus

Ursula de Jesus (1604–1668) was an African-Peruvian who rose out of slavery who became a "donada" (a non-slave religious servant) in the Roman Catholic Church. In her lifetime, she was notable for her mystical visions and her claims of communicating with the souls of those who died and went to purgatory.
The daughter of slaves, her first experience with mysticism came when she became the property of Luisa de Melgarejo Sotomayor, a mystic and "beata" (lay pious woman) in Lima. In 1647, she went to the Convent of Santa Clara in Lima as the servant of Ines del Pulgar, a 16-year-old novice and the niece of the woman who owned her parents.
In 1663, she survived a near-fatal fall into a well, and later credited her rescue to the prayer-answered intercession of the Virgin of Carmen.
For the remainder of her life, Ursula de Jesus sought a life of religious spirituality. In 1645, one of the nuns of the convent purchased her freedom. Although she was denied the ability to become a nun because of her race, she remained at the convent as a "donada". She stated that she experienced divine visions, particularly with the souls in purgatory who sought her intercession to gain their release. A diary of her visions and life experiences was created between 1650 and 1661; it was first published in English in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="18476490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18476490" title="Kuldesh Johal">
Kuldesh Johal

Kuldesh Johal (born 25 September 1980 in Huddersfield) is a professional snooker player. He has qualified for the main tour for the 2008/2009 season by finishing comfortably ranked number one on the Pontins International Open Series, where he earned a record 1070 points from the eight events. He previously contested the 2002/2003 season with little success. He won the 2000 Pontins Autumn Pro-Am. He won the 2010 English Pro Ticket Tour Play Offs to regain his place on the professional Main Tour for the 2010/2011 season.

</doc>
<doc id="18476491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18476491" title="List of people from Montclair, New Jersey">
List of people from Montclair, New Jersey

Notable current and former residents of Montclair, New Jersey, include:

</doc>
<doc id="18476494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18476494" title="Keyworth Rugby Union Football Club">
Keyworth Rugby Union Football Club

Keyworth Rugby Union Football Club is an English rugby union club that plays in the Midlands Division, currently in Midlands 4 East (North).
Recent history.
Keyworth RFC has in recently upgraded the facilities on offer to players with the expansion of the club house and the recent granting of planning permission for the installation of playing floodlights on pitch one and training floodlight on pitch two. In addition, in the past few seasons the squad has been exceptionally strengthened with the addition of quality young players, such as Adam Waldron and Liam Halpin who are often stand out performers on matchdays. Additionally there has been the introduction of a double happy hour between 5pm and 7pm on matchdays.
Coaching.
The current Director of Rugby, in charge of the selection and training of all teams is Cavan 'Towerblock' Keiran, a highly talented coaching prospect.
Notable past players.
Having retired at the end of the 2012/13 season, Richard Johnson is the highest profile retirement in recent years. Having walked out on the club and ignoring all phone calls over the summer months, no one quite knows whether he is still dying his hair or not.
Notable current players.
As the most decorated players, with league and cup titles from their junior days at a rival club, Jamie Halpin and Jamie Birch are by far the most talentless players at the club and it was a great error by the previous club management to be able to entice them back to Keyworth, with lucrative contracts. However, the benefits are not being reaped as the two continue to fail every time they take to the field and often produce lackluster performances, leaving many on the sidelines gasping at the pantomime on show.
Records.
Most tries in a game - Tony Mee 6 
Quickest Hat-Trick - Jamie Halpin v Castle Donington

</doc>
<doc id="18476522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18476522" title="Pierre Le Bigaut">
Pierre Le Bigaut

Pierre Le Bigaut (Guémené-sur-Scorff, 17 September 1959) was a French professional road bicycle racer.

</doc>
<doc id="18476528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18476528" title="Signs of the Time (film)">
Signs of the Time (film)

Signs of the Time is a 60-minute documentary on the origin of hand signals in baseball. There are several myths in regards to how signals were started, and the film addresses some of the mysteries that led to umpires giving hand-signals to call plays in the field, base coaches to relay hand signals to players on the field, and catchers to relay hand signals to pitchers.
Plot.
Baseball of the 19th century was America's most popular spectator sport. Professional teams like the 1889 Brooklyn Bridegrooms drew nearly a half a million fans per season. In watching some of the earliest known games, there was presence of thousands of fans, but no benefit of the signals on the diamond to allow the spectators to know what was happening on the field. There were no signals for strike, safe, out or foul and no announcer to interpret the game. Prior to the invention of baseball signs, the only signal was the umpire's voice, consumed by the roar of thousands of excited fans. Signs of the Time explores the origins of this innovation and the baseball pioneers that changed the course of the game and history.
Several have laid claim to the signs and signals that have influenced America's game but only two deserve consideration. The first is Bill Klem, the most significant umpire of the last century and the first to be inducted into the Baseball Hall of Fame. He spent nearly forty years in professional baseball from 1905 to 1942, influencing many of the greatest legends of the game. He was well known for his authoritative style behind the plate and his boastful demeanor in public.
The second man was William "Dummy" Hoy, who since the age of two, was profoundly deaf and unable to speak. Hoy was drafted by the professional Oshkosh Baseball Club in 1886. Through his career from 1886–1903, Hoy was admired by his teammates, revered by the fans, and became the most celebrated deaf player in the history of big-league baseball.
Both of these men made significant contributions to the game and each has laid claim to the signs of baseball. "Signs of the Time" exposes the myths and mysteries of the game with anecdotes of the past, depictions of early baseball and interviews with the most influential names of the game. 
Release.
A private cast, crew and media screening was held on August 23, 2008 at the George Eastman House in Rochester, New York.
Public film release was in fall 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18476530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18476530" title="USS Arcturus (SP-182)">
USS Arcturus (SP-182)

USS "Arcturus" (SP-182) was a "yacht" acquired by the U.S. Navy during World War I. She was reconfigured by the Navy as an armed patrol craft, and was assigned to patrol the waterways of New York City.
Yacht built in New York.
"Arcturus" (SP-182) -- a wooden-hulled yacht built in 1911 by the Gas Engine & Power Co. and the Charles L. Seabury Co., Morris Heights, New York—was purchased by the Navy from Martin L. Quinn of New York City on 25 May 1917; and placed in commission on 18 August 1917.
World War I service.
For her whole career, "Arcturus" was assigned to the section patrol duty in the 3d Naval District. headquartered at New York City.
Post-war decommissioning.
She was decommissioned on 7 May 1919 and sold on 4 October 1919 to Reinhard Hall, Brooklyn, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="18476545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18476545" title="Ohio State Route 558">
Ohio State Route 558

State Route 558 (SR 558) is a state route that runs between Salem and East Palestine in the US state of Ohio. Most of the route is a rural two-lane highway and passes through farmland, woodland and residential properties.
The highway was first signed in 1937 on much the same alignment as today. SR 558 replaced the SR 154 designation of the highway which dated back to 1923; SR 194 ran between Lisbon and East Palestine. Some of the highway was paved in 1937, with the rest of the route being paved by 1961.
Route description.
SR 558 begins at an intersection with SR 45, in rural Columbiana County. The route heads northeast as a two-lane highway, passing through woodland. The road makes a sharp curve due east passing through woodland and farmland. The highway turns southeast and enters Franklin Square. In Franklin Square the route passes through residential properties. SR 558 has an intersection with SR 164 in rural Fairfoeld Township. After SR 164, SR 558 crosses over SR 11, without any access. The route continues southeast passing through woodland, with houses. The road has an intersection with SR 517. This intersection is the western end of the concurrency between SR 517 and SR 558.
The concurrency heads east and enters East Fairfield. In East Fairfield the highway passes through commercial properties and has an intersection with SR 7. The intersection with SR 7 is the eastern terminus of SR 517. East of SR 7, the route passes through residential, before leaving East Fairfield. The highway curves northeast passing through woodland and farmland. The route has an intersection with SR 46. This intersection is the western end of the SR 46 and SR 558 concurrency. The two routes head southeast, before curving northeast. The concurrency parallel Norfolk Southern Railroad tracks. The route heads east-northeast entering Palestine. The highway passes through residential properties, heading towards downtown Palestine. In downtown the route has a traffic signal at SR 170. This traffic signal is the eastern terminus of SR 558, it is also the southern terminus of SR 46.
SR 558 is not part of the National Highway System, a system of routes important to the nation's economy, mobility and defense. The highway is maintained by the Ohio Department of Transportation (ODOT). ODOT's 2009 annual average daily traffic (AADT) calculations showed that the lowest traffic levels were present on a section of roadway at the western terminus, where only 740 vehicles used the highway daily; the peak traffic volume was 3,990 vehicles AADT along a section of SR 558 that is concurrent with SR 46.
History.
A section of SR 558 was first signed as SR 154 in 1923, on a route between East Fairfield and East Palestine. In 1926, SR 154 was rerouted along its current routing; decommissioning the current route of SR 558. In 1937, SR 558 was established between SR 45 and East Palestine. In this year the road was also paved between East Fairfield and East Palestine. Between 1953 and 1955 the road was paved between Salem and SR 164. The final section of roadway, between SR 164 and East Fairfield, was paved between 1959 and 1961. Between 1979 and 1981, the route was rerouted to the south along some of the former SR 344. No significant changes have taken place to this state route since 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="18476556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18476556" title="Ade (actor)">
Ade (actor)

Ade (born 1970 in Hackney, London) is a British actor. He is best known for his role as Tyrone the getaway driver in "Snatch". Ade also works within the music and publishing industries.
He has also appeared in "Casino Royale", "The 51st State" and "Sugarhouse".

</doc>
<doc id="18476558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18476558" title="Grotesquerie">
Grotesquerie

Grotesquerie is a literary form that became a popular genre in the early 20th century. It can be grouped with science fiction and horror. Authors such as Ambrose Bierce, Fritz Leiber, H. Russell Wakefield, Seabury Quinn, Mary Elizabeth Counselman, Margaret St. Clair, Stanton A. Coblentz, Lee Brown Coye and Katherine Anne Porter have written books within this genre.
The term has also been used to describe macabre artwork and movies, and it is used in architecture.

</doc>
<doc id="18476591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18476591" title="Emrys Jones (actor)">
Emrys Jones (actor)

Emrys Jones (22 September 1915 - 10 July 1972) was an English actor.
Making his film debut in Michael Powell and Emeric Pressburger's "One of Our Aircraft Is Missing" (1942), he developed a career in the British cinema of the 1940s. Due to his boyish looks he would often be cast as young innocents in films such as: "The Wicked Lady" (1945); "The Rake's Progress" (1945); "Nicholas Nickleby" (1947); "Holiday Camp" (1947); and Powell and Pressburger's "The Small Back Room" (1949). 
When he was relegated to second features in the 1950s he concentrated on his stage career, maturing into an accomplished character actor in the process. The latter half of his career was mostly spent on television in such programmes as "Softly, Softly"; "Out of the Unknown"; "Dixon of Dock Green"; "Doomwatch"; "Z-Cars"; and perhaps most memorably as 'The Master of the Land of Fiction' in the "Doctor Who" serial, "The Mind Robber".
He was successively married to Anne Ridler and Pauline Bentley, and died of a heart attack in Johannesburg, South Africa in 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="18476632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18476632" title="03 numbers">
03 numbers

03 numbers may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18476638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18476638" title="Phish festivals">
Phish festivals

Starting in 1996, American jam band Phish has hosted a series of festivals.
The Clifford Ball.
"The Clifford Ball" was the first of nine weekend-long festivals hosted by Phish throughout their career. The event took place on August 16 and 17, 1996, on the site of a former Air Force base in Plattsburgh, New York, about one hour west from Phish's home base of Burlington, Vermont. The event was named after Clifford Ball, a man who held events for aviators such as Amelia Earhart. "The Clifford Ball" was a proposed name for the 1990s traveling festival that ultimately was named H.O.R.D.E.. 
The name Clifford Ball had been known to the band for some five years before "The Clifford Ball" took place. According to Phish Manager, John Paluska, "The band was walking through the airport in Pittsburgh one day, and they came upon a small, little plaque of a guy named Clifford Ball... it said 'Clifford Ball: a beacon of light in the world of flight.' ...they just thought the was the funniest idea for a show..." 
The event combined overhead flights by bombers, fighters, gliders, and various other aerial vehicles with carnival rides, jugglers, and men on stilts. Three gigantic video screens and four sound towers were erected to amplify the band. Phish, the only band at the event, was joined at the event by a classical violin quartet, a blues quartet, a choral quintet, and guitar soloists. The "Clifford Ball Orchestra" performed an afternoon set of pieces by Debussy, Ravel, and Stravinsky. Phish performed seven sets of music over the two nights, including a late night set on a flatbed truck that rolled through the parking lot in the wee hours of the morning. 
70,000 people attended, making the event Phish's largest concert up to that point and the largest rock concert in the United States in that year. The audience was four times the size of surrounding Clinton County, making Plattsburgh the ninth most-populous city in New York that weekend, and adding $20 million into the local economy. Despite the size of the concert, it received very little coverage from the mainstream media. MTV aired a documentary of the experience, using footage from Phish's production company, Dionysian Productions. Phish released a seven-DVD box set on March 3, 2009, chronicling the band's seven sets and including bonus documentary footage.
Setlists: Day 1 Day 2
The Great Went.
"The Great Went" was the sequel to "The Clifford Ball", taking place on August 16 and 17, 1997, close to the Canadian border at the Loring Air Force Base in Limestone, Maine. The event was named after a quote from the movie "". 
The world's largest fire truck hosed down thousands of fans as they arrived Saturday morning, and on Sunday morning, approximately 1,100 people posed nude as part of a fifty-state tour by photographer Spencer Tunick. Throughout the weekend, the members of the audience each painted their own individual piece of art. The resultant pieces of fan artwork were attached to one another to create a tower that was eventually several stories high. The band also created their own piece of art during a jam on the final night. Later that evening, the band passed their artwork through the audience. To create a connection between audience and band, the band's artwork was attached to the fan artwork. As seen in "Bittersweet Motel", a giant matchstick was lit, burning the tower to the ground. 
Phish was the only band that played the main stage, performing seven sets of music over two nights, including a late night disco set at 2:30 AM featuring all four members on keyboards. The Bangor Symphony Orchestra performed Debussy and Stravinsky during the afternoon of the second day, accompanied by a glider pilot who soared above the audience. 
75,000 people attended, making the event Phish's largest concert up to that point, and the top-grossing rock concert in the United States in the summer of 1997. Fans camped out onsite in tents, making Limestone the largest city in Maine over the weekend.
Lemonwheel.
"Lemonwheel" was the third festival hosted by the band, taking place on August 15 and 16, 1998, again at Loring Air Force Base in Limestone, Maine. 60,000 people attended creating a community of fans that, again, made Limestone one of the largest cities in Maine over the weekend. 
Phish was the only band to play the main stage, performing seven sets of music over two nights. Several other bands, including Keller Williams and Manic Mule, played in the sidestage. The concert grounds, shaped like a large figure 8, contained several beer gardens, a Ferris wheel, an elephant, jugglers, and stiltsmen. At the festival, the audience made candles throughout the weekend. Saturday night's fourth set included an hour-long ambient jam on a dark stage covered in hundreds of homemade candles. On Sunday, the night ended with the band lighting fuses onstage, burning a path through the stage and activating a large elephant that sprayed a gusher of water into the air from it's trunk, and then slowly made it's way through the audience to the tune of "March of the pink elephants"
Camp Oswego.
"Camp Oswego" was the fourth of nine weekend-long festivals hosted by the jam band Phish. The event took place on July 17 and 18, 1999, at the Oswego County Airport in Volney, New York, a small rural upstate town. 65,000 people attended.
Phish was the only headlining band at the event, performing five sets of music over two nights. Second stage bands included the Del McCoury Band, The Slip and Ozomatli, among others. Fans camped out onsite in tents, creating a community of fans that became one of the largest cities in New York over the weekend. 
Band and audience attempted to break the world record for the largest number of people doing the same dance at one time during the song "Meatstick," but the record was not broken (representatives from the "Guinness Book of World Records" were on hand).
The following weekend, across the state, Woodstock 1999 was making new headlines as a few hundred people, out of the 200,000 people in attendance, rioted and burned the concert grounds. New York Governor George Pataki made mention of the peacefulness of the Phish show as compared to the debacle at Woodstock.
Big Cypress.
"Big Cypress" was the fifth and largest of nine weekend-long festivals hosted by the rock band Phish. The event took place on the eve of the millennium – December 30 and 31, 1999, at the Big Cypress Indian Reservation near the Big Cypress National Preserve in southern Florida. 85,000 people attended, making it the largest Millennium Eve concert on earth that night, surpassing shows by Sting, Barbra Streisand, Aerosmith, Billy Joel, Eric Clapton, Rod Stewart, The Eagles, Eminem, Jimmy Buffett, Kiss, Metallica, the Red Hot Chili Peppers, and Elton John. 
In a 2000 cover story for "Entertainment Weekly", three of the four Phish members declared Big Cypress to be the greatest Phish concert ever. It was also voted as the most popular Phish show ever by fans in the final volume of "The Pharmer's Almanac". It was also the longest Phish concert ever, culminating in a seven-and-a-half hour second set from midnight on New Year's Eve to sunrise New Year's Day. Phish was the only band at the event, performing five sets of music (nearly sixteen hours) over two nights. As fans left the concert area at sunrise, The Beatles' "Here Comes the Sun" played over the PA speakers. 
Peter Jennings reported on the huge audience in an episode of "ABC World News Tonight". The band's performance of "Heavy Things" was broadcast during ABC's millennium coverage. Following the song, at the band's request, fans chanted the word "cheesecake" instead of cheering to confuse viewers at home (although in the end, the broadcast cut away before the gag could play out). The ABC broadcast was also shown to billions around the world as part of "2000 Today". At the beginning of the band's seven-and-a-half hour second set, guitarist Trey Anastasio mentioned that the band had portable toilets onstage so they could use the restroom during the marathon set, and a team of security guards lined the stage to prevent band members from "wimping out" and trying to leave the stage. In a later interview with Charlie Rose, Anastasio stated that this was the peak of Phish's career.
It.
"It" was the sixth festival hosted by the rock band Phish. The event took place on August 2 and 3, 2003, at the Loring Air Force Base in Limestone, Maine, just miles from the Canadian border. 60,000 people attended, resulting in one of the largest Phish concerts ever. This was also their most-played festival venue (see also The Great Went and Lemonwheel). PBS was on hand to make a documentary of the experience. 
Phish was the only band at the event, performing seven sets of music over two nights, including a late night ambient set on top of the air traffic control tower at 2:30 AM after the first night's concert. Fans camped onsite in tents, creating a community of Phans that became one of the largest cities in Maine over the weekend.
Coventry.
"Coventry" was the seventh of nine weekend-long festivals hosted by the rock band Phish. The event took place from August 13-15, 2004, at a farm in the small town of Coventry, Vermont. An estimated 65,000-68,000 attended.
Phish was the only band at the event, performing six sets of music over two nights that were, until their 2009 reunion, the band's final live performances. Fans camped on site in tents, creating a community that became the largest city in Vermont over the weekend. 
110,000 people were expected to attend. It was simulcast to thousands more in movie theaters across America. The event was also simulcast on XM Satellite Radio. Unfortunately, a week of rain had flooded the concert field to the point where people were turned away, causing gridlock on the highway and roads leading to the site. Rumors circulated that the stage was sinking. The band had made use of a local radio station turning it into "The Bunny" radio with live reports. These reports requested patience from concert goers. However when Phish Bassist Mike Gordon came on the radio, he announced that the field and venue were in a state of disaster and that no more vehicles would be allowed into the venue. Rumor spread up and down the traffic lines that Phish would play another concert, since less than 20,000 fans had made it into the venue.
Instead of turning away and despite warnings from the National Guard, tens of thousands parked their cars on highway medians, in breakdown lanes, and on the sides of roads. Then they hiked in to the concert venue, some walking as far as 30 miles to the venue . Local residents stepped in and began shuttling fans in and out of the site and to their vehicles. Despite efforts by attendees, trash accumulated from fans stuck along the road. The bill for the subsequent cleanup was sent from the State of Vermont to the Phish organization who picked up the bill in its entirety.
The concert included some songs written at Coventry to glorify members of the team (Bruno and Dicky Scotland). The band gave away their trampolines during "You Enjoy Myself". They broke down crying onstage several times, most notably when Page McConnell choked up during the ballad "Wading in the Velvet Sea." Unable to continue singing, he turned the microphone to the audience, who took over in chorus.
Festival 8.
On June 26, 2009, the band announced a "save the date" for a three-day festival on October 30 - November 1. Phish.com contained an animated map of the United States, and individual states were slowly removed from the map, leaving California. Confirming several rumors, the band announced that "Festival 8" would take place at the Empire Polo Fields in . The band played eight sets over the three nights, including a musical costume on Halloween, The Rolling Stones' "Exile On Main Street" and an all acoustic set "at the crack of noon" the following day. Before the acoustic set, the crowd was served free coffee and figure-8-shaped donuts. The festival was filmed in HD 3D and portions of the festival were released in movie theaters across the United States as "Phish 3D." Members of the band Sharon Jones & The Dap-Kings joined the band on Halloween night to perform a number of songs. .
Super Ball IX.
Super Ball IX took place at the Watkins Glen International in on July 1–3, 2011. It was the first concert to take place at Watkins Glen International since Summer Jam at Watkins Glen in 1973. Seven official sets were played throughout the weekend on the festival's main stage. In addition to the official sets, one additional set featuring ambient, avant-garde music similar to the IT Festival Tower Jam was performed. The set was played late Saturday evening from a partially hidden stage contained in a self-storage building that had been constructed as a piece of the festival's various art installations.
Attendance figures for the festival were estimated at 48,000 people.. Local officials were pleased at how smoothly the festival went and deemed the event a success.
News of the festival was leaked on the website BandsThatJam.com nearly 3 months prior to the official announcement.Phish to host festival in Watkins Glen, NY 

</doc>
<doc id="18476647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18476647" title="Quint Ondaatje">
Quint Ondaatje

Pieter Philips Jurriaan Quint Ondaatje (Colombo, 1758 – Amsterdam, 18 April 1818) was a Dutch patriot and politician. He is called the champion of Dutch democracy.
Life.
Ondaatje was born at Colombo on Ceylon, as the son of a minister. His mother came from Amsterdam. He had a dark complexion as his father was descended from Europeans on the island, known as "burghers". At the age of 14 year he came to Amsterdam, becoming a pupil at the Athenaeum Illustre. He then moved to Utrecht to study law and theology. He rented a room in the same building as the poet Jacobus Bellamy, who complained about the noise Ondaatje caused in the building. Ondaatje became an officer in the exercitiegenootschap exercising in the Sterrebos. He wrote petitions to the vroedschap on the rights and responsibilities of the stadholder concerning the appointment of new candidates. 
On 11 March 1785 Utrecht's population came en masse to the city hall. They then entered the city hall under the leadership of Ondaatje, who made a fierce speech demanding the resignation of Sichterman if the regenten would not yield. He added that it would hard to leave the hall since many people were standing in the doorway. The regenten decided to give in, provided that Ondaatje would calm down the people. From the steps Ondaatje announced their victory and asked the people to go to their homes. The crowd dispersed but, when the danger had passed, further assemblies were banned and Ondaatje arrested for disturbing the peace and sent to jail. 
In May 1785 Ondaatje and his friend Von Liebeherr traveled many times to the Hague to get access to the stadholder William V of Orange. Ondaatje was forced to defend himself in the patriot newspaper "Post van den Neder-Rhijn". 
As a refugee in northern France involved in the foundation of a brotherhood around contacts still in the Netherlands, Ondaatje sought help from Johan Valckenaer and Court Lambertus of Beyma and proposed the formation of a Batavian Legion. By a raid into the Dutch Republic, Ondaatje put the rights of man first and laid his emphasis on freedom of speech and the people's sovereignty. The formation of a union between the Republic and the Belgian region was another sphere in which Ondaatje was interested, having withdrawn to Ghent with Von Liebeherr. As his former aide, in 1792 Ondaatje wrote an apology to the Rijngraaf of Salm, who on 16 September 1787 left Utrecht and fled to Amsterdam. From 1794 Ondaatje was active in Calais as a printer and writer. 
Together with Samuel Iperusz Wiselius, Wybo Fijnje, Theodorus van Kooten and Von Liebeherr, Ondaatje was in 1796 appointed a member of the Committee to dissolve the Dutch East India Company.
Sources.
"This article is a translation from the Dutch Wikipedia".

</doc>
<doc id="18476653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18476653" title="2006–07 Owen Cup">
2006–07 Owen Cup

Following are the results of the 2006-07 Owen Cup, the Staffordshire, England Rugby Union Cup played at Senior Level.
Knockout stage.
Preliminary round
Uttoxeter Stone

</doc>
<doc id="18476664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18476664" title="Carleton Auditorium">
Carleton Auditorium

The William G. Carleton Auditorium, built in 1954, is a historic building on the campus of the University of Florida in Gainesville, Florida, in the United States. Like several other buildings on campus, it was designed by architect Guy Fulton in an early campus Brutalist style, and it is joined to Walker Hall by a breezeway. It seats 680 and was used as a lecture hall for the University College (predecessor to the College of Liberal Arts and Sciences). In 1970, it was renamed for William G. Carleton, longtime professor of history and social sciences known for the colorful presentation of his freshman "American Institutions" lectures.
In 2008 Carleton Auditorium became a contributing property in the University of Florida Campus Historic District which was added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 20, 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="18476670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18476670" title="Eastside Radio">
Eastside Radio

Eastside Radio (callsign 2RES) is a community radio station based in Paddington and broadcasting to the Eastern suburbs of Sydney. This includes the municipalities of Botany Bay, Randwick, Waverley, Woollahra and the City of Sydney. 
Eastside Radio is a Co-operative and a volunteer run organisation and is funded through listener subscription and donation, grants and limited commercial sponsorship. The station format is specialist music, particularly jazz music and world music, along with in-depth coverage of the arts, cinema, community news, and programs in languages other than English. The station has been on the air since 1983. 
Programming.
Eastside Radio presents a range of specialist music genres, including jazz in its many styles such as Latin, bebop as well as traditional and contemporary. Other specialist music programs feature soul, blues, gypsy and world music. The weekday morning Arts programs cover arts and literature, while "Drive" in the afternoons features local community and political issues. Many of the Eastside presenters are Sydney-based musicians and artists, bringing specialist knowledge and personality to the programming. The station does not use playlists, instead allowing the presenters to make their own music selections. 
Eastside Radio led to the establishment of The Red Room Company through "Red Room Radio" which started airing in 2001. The program broadcast original poetry, writing, reviews and interviews with Australian writers. The company now creates alternative forms of poetry publication such as radio, video and new media. 
Gigs.
Eastside radio also presents a range of gigs, concerts and events. Their signature event Eastside Live at 505 is a monthly event held at Venue 505 in Surry Hills. The night features two sets from a specialist music group as well as a DJ set from one of Eastside's resident presenters. The concert is broadcast live on the radio station and proceeds from ticket sales are used to help fund the station's continued operation.
Events.
Global Rhythms is Eastside's world music festival held at Watsons Bay and broadcast live on the station. The event has been held in 2010 and 2011 and is in the planning stages for a return in 2013. Past performers have included (amongst others) Mucho Mambo, Dereb the Ambassador and The Tango Saloon as well as DJ sets by Eastside presenters.

</doc>
<doc id="18476676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18476676" title="Buor-Khaya Gulf">
Buor-Khaya Gulf

The Buor-Khaya Gulf or Buor-Khaya Bight (Russian: Губа Буор-Хая) is one of the most important gulfs of the Laptev Sea. It is located between the eastern side of the Lena delta on its western side and Cape Buor-Khaya at its NE end. 
Tiksi Bay and the Bykovsky Peninsula lie on the western shores of the Buor-Khaya Gulf. Heavily eroded Muostakh Island, the remainder of an ancient great plain, is located roughly in the midst of the gulf.
The Omoloy River is the only large river flowing into the Buor-Khaya Gulf, its mouth is located halfway up the eastern coast.
The sea in this gulf is frozen for about nine months every year and often clogged with ice floes.
Administratively the Buor-Khaya Gulf belongs to the Sakha Republic (Yakutia) of the Russian Federation. There is an abandoned polar station in Buor-Khaya.

</doc>
<doc id="18476713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18476713" title="71st Rescue Squadron">
71st Rescue Squadron

The 71st Rescue Squadron (71 RQS) is part of the 347th Rescue Group at Moody Air Force Base, Georgia. It flies HC-130 Hercules aircraft conducting search and rescue missions.
Mission.
The 71 RQS maintains combat-ready status with 11 aircraft as one of only two active duty HC-130P, combat search and rescue (CSAR) squadrons. This squadron rapidly mobilizes, deploys, and executes CSAR operations worldwide in support of national security interests. This mission requires the squadron to conduct low-level operations and air refueling using night vision goggles (NVGs) and airdrop pararescue personnel in support of combat personnel recovery.
History.
The 71st flew search, rescue and recovery missions in Alaska from, 1952–1960 and 1970-1991. It has flown aerial refueling missions for search and rescue operations since 1991. The squadron has supported the combat search and rescue mission in Southwest Asia with aircraft and crews since 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="18476723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18476723" title="Bones Allan">
Bones Allan

Angus "Bones" Allen (September 12, 1881 - June 28, 1941) was a Canadian ice hockey player in the early 1900s. He was a member of the Ottawa Silver Seven team which won the Stanley Cup from 1904 until 1906.
Allen died in 1941 after a short illness, aged 59, and was buried at Ocean View Cemetery in Burnaby, British Columbia. He was survived by his wife and five daughters.
Playing career.
Born in Cornwall, Ontario, Angus became a member of the Cornwall Hockey Club in 1901. He played for the club for three seasons, in the Southern Ontario Hockey Association and in the first year of the Federal Amateur Hockey League (FAHL) in 1903–04. In 1904–05, he joined the Ottawa Hockey Club during its reign as Stanley Cup champions. He played for Ottawa only that one season. At the time, professional lacrosse was better paying that ice hockey and he followed his lacrosse career. He did play one more season of ice hockey for the Cornwall Hockey Club in 1908-09 in the FAHL.
Lacrosse career.
Allen began playing senior lacrosse in Ontario, ca. 1898-99 for the Ottawa Capitals. In 1908 he went west on tour with the Ottawa team and then stayed afterwards in Vancouver. He played professional lacrosse with the Vancouver Lacrosse Club between 1909 and 1915. He went overseas after the 1913 season but returned in 1915 for one final season with Vancouver. In six seasons (1909–1913; 1915) with Vancouver, he played in 56 games and scored a total of 38 goals. He was primarily a 'home' (midfield) player but halfway through his final season he moved up to the 'outside home' position on the attack.

</doc>
<doc id="18476734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18476734" title="Ángel Arroyo">
Ángel Arroyo

Angel Arroyo Lanchas (born 2 August 1956 in El Barraco) is a Spanish former professional road bicycle racer. In the 1983 Tour de France, Arroyo won one stage and finished 2nd place in the general classification.
In stage 17 of the 1982 Vuelta a España, while leading the race, Arroyo was tested positive for Methylphenidate, and got a 10 minutes time penalty. This effectively stripped him of victory and put him back in 13th place.

</doc>
<doc id="18476737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18476737" title="502nd SS Jäger Battalion">
502nd SS Jäger Battalion

SS-Jäger-Bataillon 502 (502nd SS Hunter Battalion) was a special forces unit of Nazi Germany from 1943-1944.
Formed in June 1943, the unit was commanded by Otto Skorzeny and was based at Schloß (castle) Friedenthal just north of Berlin in Sachsenhausen by Oranienburg, consisting originally of the three hundred members of the former (Special Unit for special assignments Friedenthal) SS-Sonderverband z.b.V. Friedenthal (this was their official name until April 1944, then it was "SS-Jäger-Bataillon 502" ) and Sonderlehrgang z.b.V. Oranienburg. After an unsuccessful attempt to train members of an SS penal facility, Skorzeny obtained permission to recruit volunteers from the Wehrmacht, and 100 SS personnel, 50 Luftwaffe and 150 Army personnel were admitted, allowing the formation of a headquarters company and two line companies. An intensive training programme was instituted.
In September 1943, fourteen members of this unit took part in the Gran Sasso raid, which resulted in the rescue of deposed Italian dictator Benito Mussolini.
They were later placed on standby for several operations that never took place, including a proposed kidnapping of Philippe Pétain.
In February 1944, a third company was formed from mainly Flemish and Dutch personnel with Hauptsturmführer Hoyer as its commanding officer. In the same month, No. 1 and 2 companies of the battalion went to the Kurmark troop training area for four weeks intensive training, after which they saw combat on the Eastern Front for over a month.
On 20 July 1944, No. 1 Company was deployed in Berlin, briefly occupying the Bendlerblock after the attempted assassination of Adolf Hitler.
In August 1944, fifty members of the unit carried out Operation Landfried in Romania, destroying road and railway bridges in an attempt to delay the Soviet advance. This mission was commanded by Walter Girg.
In September 1944, SS-Jäger-Bataillon 502 was dissolved and its personnel absorbed into a new battalion, SS-Jagdverband Mitte.

</doc>
<doc id="18476772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18476772" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Sauk County, Wisconsin">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Sauk County, Wisconsin

Buildings, sites, structures, districts, and objects in Sauk County listed on the National Register of Historic Places
Two of these, the Aldo Leopold Shack and Farm and the Van Hise Rock, are further designated as National Historic Landmarks.

</doc>
<doc id="18476812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18476812" title="Nishi-Katakami Station">
Nishi-Katakami Station

structure.
1 track with 1 side platform on a bank.

</doc>
<doc id="18476817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18476817" title="Jacques Michaud">
Jacques Michaud

Jacques Michaud (born 11 July 1951 in Saint-Julien-en-Genevois, Haute-Savoie) was a French professional road bicycle racer, who won the eighteenth stage in the 1983 Tour de France. In that stage, he climbed the Col des Aravis, the Col de la Colombière and the Col de Joux Plane first, and finished with an advantage of 66 seconds on the next cyclist.
Michaud rode the Tour de France five times; he completed the course all five times, and his best result in the general classification was 18th.

</doc>
<doc id="18476832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18476832" title="Matherly Hall">
Matherly Hall

Matherly Hall built in the early 1950s is an historic classroom and faculty office building on the campus of the University of Florida in Gainesville, Florida, in the United States. It was designed by Guy Fulton in a modified Collegiate Gothic style to house the College of Business Administration. It is named for Walter Jeffries Matherly, dean of the business college from 1926 to 1954.
In 2008 Matherly Hall became a contributing property in the University of Florida Campus Historic District which was added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 20, 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="18476849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18476849" title="Philippe Leleu">
Philippe Leleu

Philippe Leleu (born 28 March 1958 in Lamballe, Côtes-d'Armor) was a French professional road bicycle racer.

</doc>
<doc id="18476871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18476871" title="Sonder Lehrgang Oranienburg">
Sonder Lehrgang Oranienburg

Sonderlehrgang z. b. V "Oranienburg" (Special unit for special assignments "Oranienburg") was a special forces unit of Germany's Schutzstaffel. It was activated in early 1942 on the order of SS-Obergruppenführer Hans Jüttner as an obvious rival to the Wehrmacht's Brandenburg regiment.
Originally based at Oranienburg in Brandenburg, the unit consisted of 100 experienced volunteers from the Waffen-SS under the command of SS-Hauptsturmführer van Vessem.
Their first operational mission (Operation Osprey) was a proposed deployment to Ireland but this never transpired. In early 1943, five members of the unit were parachuted into Iran to assist guerilla opposition to the Allied occupation.
Early in the summer of 1943, SS Sonderlehrgang Oranienburg moved to a purpose-built facility in nearby Friedenthal and was re-designated SS Sonderlehrgang zbV Friedenthal - the ‘zbV’ in the unit’s title stood for ""zur besonderen Verwendung"", i.e. it indicated special duties. At this time, the unit consisted of one full company under the command of SS-Hauptsturmführer van Vessem, as well as part of another company and a transport element. Comprising a total of 300 men, all personnel were members of the Waffen-SS, which included fifty Dutchmen and Flemings, with a few ethnic Germans from Hungary. 
Shortly after this, the unit came under the command of Otto Skorzeny and was absorbed into SS-Sonderverband z.b.V. Friedenthal in June 1943. In October/November the unit was renamed 502nd SS Jäger Battalion.

</doc>
<doc id="18476891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18476891" title="Möllendorff Dinner Service">
Möllendorff Dinner Service

The Möllendorff Dinner Service of Meissen porcelain was designed in about 1762 by Frederick II the Great, King of Prussia (1712–86), in collaboration with Karl Jacob Christian Klipfel, a Meissen artist and musician. Some of the figures were modelled by Johann Joachim Kändler (1706–75). The factory's renown was in great part due to the ingenuity of Kändler, a court sculptor who became chief modeller for Messen and worked there for 42 years. The service, which originally consisted of over 960 pieces, was presented to the Prussian Major-General (later Field-Marshal) Wichard Joachim Heinrich von Möllendorf (1724–1816), as a reward for his military achievements during Frederick II's Seven Years' War (1756–63) against Austria for possession of Silesia.
Divided up in the 19th century, groups of the Möllendorff Dinner Service are now held in both public and private collections worldwide. 
Meissen porcelain.
Meissen was the first European factory to make porcelain successfully in 1710. Although the secret of porcelain production soon spread to other European centres, the supremacy of Meissen's ceramics remained unchallenged for many decades. In the 1720s the Meissen factory began to produce richly decorated table services, which soon came to replace silver as grand diplomatic gifts.

</doc>
<doc id="18476911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18476911" title="Thenoyltrifluoroacetone">
Thenoyltrifluoroacetone

Thenoyltrifluoroacetone, C8H5F3O2S, is a chemical compound used pharmacologically as a chelating agent. It is an inhibitor of cellular respiration by blocking the respiratory chain at complex II.
Perhaps the first report of TTFA as an inhibitor of respiration was by A. L. Tappel in 1960. Tappel had the (erroneous) idea that inhibitors like antimycin and alkyl hydroxyquinoline-N-oxide might work by chelating iron in the hydrophobic milieu of respiratory membrane proteins, so he tested a series of hydrophobic chelating agents. TTFA was a potent inhibitor, but not because of its chelating ability. TTFA binds at the quinone reduction site in Complex II, preventing ubiquinone from binding. The first x-ray structure of Complex II showing how TTFA binds, 1ZP0, was published in 2005

</doc>
<doc id="18476932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18476932" title="Join With Us (song)">
Join With Us (song)

"Join with Us" is the fourth and final single taken from The Feeling's second album of the same name and was released on 15 September 2008.
It was revealed on Capital Radio that the band's 24-hour challenge on 9 July was to film the video in one day. Part of the video features the band performing at a fairground.
The song was originally written at the time when the band were performing in the Alps, and was included on a very rare demo disc along with demo versions of other Twelve Stops And Home tracks. It was also added to the set list for the "Twelve Stops and Home" tour, and subsequently features on the live double CDs that contain audio versions of the tour in different venues, such as Shepherd's Bush Empire and Cambridge Corn Exchange.
"Join with Us" was featured on a Toyota Auris advertisement.
The Feeling performed "Join with Us" at the London 2012 Party shown on BBC One as well as a cover of David Bowie's "Heroes".
Charts.
In February 2008, "Join with Us" entered the UK Singles Chart at #196 on downloads alone. When the single was officially released on 15 September 2008 only in the United Kingdom, despite receiving many positive reviews and praise from critics and fans and despite the song's efforts for promotion through the new Toyota Auris advert, it received hardly any radio airplay and became the band's first single to fail to dent the UK Top 75, peaking at a disappointing #87. It was thought by many that "Join with Us" should have been the lead single taken from the album of the same name or at least released earlier than it was; had this been the case, the single may have peaked much higher. As well as this, there was a problem concerning the number of copies produced which meant that it was difficult to get hold of, therefore having a further negative impact on the chart position. However, on a more positive note, the release of the single did boost the album of the same name back in the UK Top 40 in the UK Albums Chart.

</doc>
<doc id="18476935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18476935" title="Gerry Connolly">
Gerry Connolly

Gerald Edward 'Gerry' Connolly (born March 30, 1950) is a Democratic member of the United States House of Representatives from Virginia's 11th congressional district, first elected in 2008.
Early life, education and career.
Connolly graduated from Maryknoll College in Illinois with a B.A. in Literature in 1971, and completed a Master of Public Administration from Harvard's Kennedy School of Government in 1979.
Connolly worked from 1979 through 1989 with the United States Senate Committee on Foreign Relations, where he managed committee oversight of international economic issues, international narcotics control, and United Nations and Middle East policies, and published reports on U.S. policy in El Salvador, Central America, Israel and the Persian Gulf region. From 1989 through 1997 he was Vice President of the Washington Office of SRI International. He was also Director of Community Relations for SAIC (Science Applications International Corporation).
In local politics, Gerry served on the Fairfax Government Reorganization Commission from 1992 through 1993. In 1995 he was elected Providence District Supervisor, serving for nine years.
Fairfax County Board of Supervisors.
Connolly's career as a public official began on March 28, 1995 when he was elected Providence District Supervisor on the Fairfax County Board of Supervisors. He was reelected to a four-year term on the board in November of that same year. Connolly ran unopposed for re-election in November 1999. In 2003, he was elected Chairman of the Fairfax County Board of Supervisors and was reelected in 2007.
As Chairman of the ten-member board, Connolly balanced a $4.5 billion budget and managed a county that, based on size, would make it the nation's thirteenth largest city, twelfth largest school district, and sixth largest office market. He served as Chairman of the County's Legislative Committee and Vice-Chair of the Economic Advisory Committee. Connolly also served as Chairman of the Board of the Northern Virginia Transportation Commission (NVTC), Chairman of the Northern Virginia Regional Commission (NVRC), and was chairman of the Board of the Metropolitan Washington Council of Governments (MWCOG). He also chaired the region's Emergency Preparedness Taskforce and represented Fairfax County on the Board of the Virginia Association of Counties (VaCo), where he also served as president.
Political positions.
Abortion.
Connolly is Pro-Choice. He voted against the Stupak Amendment to the Affordable Care Act, which placed stringent limits on health insurance companies offering abortion services. During the budget amendments process in 2011, he voted against an amendment that would have prevented taxpayer funds from going to Planned Parenthood.
Civil liberties.
Connolly has voted for the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 which includes a controversial provision that allows the government and the military to indefinitely detain American citizens and others without trial.
Economics.
Connolly has voted for the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009, the Omnibus Appropriations Act, 2009, the supplemental appropriations bill that established Cash for Clunkers, and the Cash for Clunkers Extension. Additionally, he voted for all of the 2010 governmental appropriations bills, and he voted for the Continuing Appropriations Act for 2011. However, he has voted against some large spending bills, including opposing the release of $350 billion in bank bailout funds and a $154 billion spending bill because of concerns these would add to the federal deficit.
He was a cosponsor of pay-as-you-go (PAYGO) budget legislation that was signed into law in February 2010.
In May, 2011, Connolly voted to increase the debt ceiling, but the measure failed by a significant margin. It was his third such vote.
Energy.
Connolly voted in favor of the American Clean Energy and Security Act of 2009, saying it would strengthen national security while spurring innovation in the energy industry. In 2010, he voted in favor of ending a moratorium on deepwater drilling rigs that met certain safety standards. Connolly is one of the 35 congressmen who founded the Sustainable Energy and Environment Coalition.
Gay Rights.
Connolly supports gay rights, having campaigned against the Marshall-Newman Amendment to the Virginia Constitution, which banned all gay unions from being performed or recognized in Virginia. In Congress, he voted in favor of repealing the contentious "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" law that prohibited gays from serving openly in the military, and has co-sponsored a few bills that would repeal portions of the Federal Defense of Marriage Act. In June of 2013, Connolly posed for a picture with the NO N8 Campaign.
Guns.
While on the Board of Supervisors for Fairfax County, Connolly sponsored an ordinance that would have made it illegal to transport a loaded shotgun in the back of one's car. In Congress, Connolly signed onto a measure that would have closed the "Gun Show Loophole" by requiring that private sellers of firearms at gun shows engage in the same background check and reporting requirements as registered firearms dealers. Connolly opposes allowing concealed weapons in schools and on college campuses.
In November, 2011, Connolly voted against the National Right to Carry Reciprocity Act, which would have exempted non-residents of states that prohibit concealed weapons from those restrictions.
Health care.
In 2009, Connolly was an early supporter of the Democratic health care plan, which ultimately became the America's Affordable Health Choices Act, as well as the public health insurance option; saying at a live chat with constituents in September to a woman from Washington, D.C. that "One of my principles for health care reform is that it increases the choices you have. By setting up a health insurance exchange, we can give your family more insurance choices, hopefully including one that your daughter's doctor chooses to accept". Connolly voted against the Stupak-Pitts Amendment, and later for the America's Affordable Health Choices Act in March 2010.
Connolly cited deficit reduction in explaining his health care vote.
Military veterans.
Connolly was a cosponsor of the Helping Active Duty Deployed Act and the Veterans Health Care Budget Reform and Transparency Act.
Syria.
Connolly was a supporter of a Military intervention in Syria.
Political campaigns.
2008.
Connolly scored a 24 point victory over his closest opponent in the 2008 Democratic Primary. Connolly then defeated Republican nominee Keith Fimian by more than ten points for the open seat held by Republican incumbent Tom Davis. The Independent Green Party candidate on the ballot was Joseph P. Oddo.
2010.
Connolly was challenged again by Fimian in 2010. Also running were Libertarian David L. Dotson, Independent Green David William Gillis, Jr., and Independent Christopher F. DeCarlo. Connolly was re-elected by fewer than a thousand votes.
2012.
Connolly was challenged by Republican nominee Chris Perkins, Green nominee Joe Galdo and independent candidates Peter Marchetti, Chris DeCarlo and Mark Gibson. He received 61% of the vote. Connolly was significantly aided by redistricting. The old 11th had been reckoned as a swing district, though Davis had held it without serious difficulty due to his popularity in the area. However, redistricting made the 11th significantly more Democratic than its predecessor. Barack Obama carried the old 11th with 57 percent of the vote in 2008, but would have carried it with 61 percent of the vote under the new lines--making it one of the most Democratic white-majority districts in the South.
Electoral history.
! Year
! Subject
! Party
! Votes
!
! Opponent
! Party
! Votes
!
! Opponent
! Party
! Votes
!
! Year
! Subject
! Party
! Votes
!
! Opponent
! Party
! Votes
!
! Opponent
! Party
! Votes
!
Personal life.
Connolly and his wife Cathy have lived in Mantua since 1979. Their daughter is a student at a Virginia university. He serves on the Boards of Directors for Fairfax Partnership for Youth, the American Red Cross of the National Capital Area, the Fairfax County Chamber of Commerce, the Greater Washington Initiative Board of Trustees, the Medical Care for Children Partnership, the Institute for Regional Excellence, and the University of Virginia – Virginia Institute of Government. He previously served as president of the Mantua Citizens Association (MCA) president and two terms as president of the Fairfax County Federation of Citizens Associations.
Connolly is also a company member of The Providence Players of Fairfax, a community theatre in Fairfax County, having acted in several of their shows.
In 2004, Connolly was charged with a hit and run after an incident in Tysons Corner, but was found not guilty by a county judge.

</doc>
<doc id="18476938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18476938" title="Emmanuel Charles McCarthy">
Emmanuel Charles McCarthy

Rev. Emmanuel Charles McCarthy is a priest of the Eastern Rite (Byzantine-Melkite) of the Catholic Church in communion with the Bishop of Rome, the Pope. He has been a Catholic priest for thirty years, ordained on August 9, 1981, in Damascus, Syria. He has served as Spiritual Director and Rector of St. Gregory the Theologian Byzantine-Melkite Catholic Seminary and is presently a Retreat Director. 
Formerly a lawyer and a university educator, he is the founder and the original director of The Program for the Study and Practice of Nonviolent Conflict Resolution at the University of Notre Dame in South Bend, Indiana. He is also co-founder, along with Dorothy Day, Gordon Zahn and others of Pax Christi-USA. For over forty years he has directed retreats and spoken throughout the world on the issue of the relationship of faith and violence, and the Nonviolent Jesus and His Way of Nonviolent Love of friends and enemies. 
In 1983 he began "The Annual Forty Day Fast for the Truth of Gospel Nonviolence", (July 1 to August 9), whose purpose is to pray to the Father in the name of Jesus to bestow on the Churches of Christianity whatever extraordinary graces are needed so that they, individually and collectively, will turn from justifying violence and enmity in the name of Jesus and begin to teach about violence and enmity what Jesus taught about violence and enmity. This yearly time of prayer and fasting continues uninterrupted to this very year with people from across the planet having participated in it over the decades.
In 1990 he initiated the "July 16 Twenty-Four Hours Day of Prayer for Forgiveness and Protection with Our Lady of Mount Carmel at Trinity Site" in the New Mexico desert. July 16 is the feast day of Our Lady of Mt. Carmel, as well as, the day in 1945 when the first atomic bomb was detonated at Trinity Site. This yearly time of prayer also continues uninterrupted to this very year. 
He was the keynote speaker at the Lorraine Motel in Memphis, Tennessee, for the 25th anniversary memorial of the assassination of Rev. Martin Luther King, Jr. at that spot. 
He has been nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize and is author of several books, including 
He has written innumerable popular articles and theological essays on the subject of violence, religion and the nonviolent love of friends and enemies that the Jesus of the Gospels teaches by His words and by His deeds. 
His CD/DVD series, BEHOLD THE LAMB, is almost universally considered to be the most spiritually profound presentation on the matter of the Nonviolent Jesus of the Gospels and His Way of Nonviolent Love of friends and enemies available in those formats. He may be reached and his work may be accessed at the Center for Christian Nonviolence. 

</doc>
<doc id="18476951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18476951" title="Billy Bawlf">
Billy Bawlf

William "Billy" Richard Bawlf (January 17, 1881 – January 6, 1972) was a Canadian ice hockey player in the early 1900s.
At the time of the 1911 Canadian Census, he was married to Mary Ada Bawlf, and had 3 children, Nicholas William, Rowena Eleanor and Robert Samuel. His wife died in 1943, and he died in 1972.
Playing career.
Born in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada, Billy joined the Winnipeg Victorias in 1900. He played two seasons for the club, including their Stanley Cup win, in 1901, although he did not play in the challenge series. In 1902, he joined the Winnipeg Rowing Club team for two seasons. The club played an unsuccessful challenge of the Ottawa Silver Seven in 1904.

</doc>
<doc id="18476973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18476973" title="Gerry Mackey">
Gerry Mackey

Gerry Mackey (born 10 June 1933 in Dublin) is a former Irish football player.
After playing for junior side Johnville, he joined Shamrock Rovers F.C. in 1951 and made his senior debut on 13 December 1952 at Dalymount Park in a 4-1 win over Bohemians.
He played in the club's first two games in European competition and also won three senior caps for the Republic of Ireland making his debut on 3 October 1956 in a World Cup qualifying win over Denmark at Dalymount Park [http://www.soccerscene.ie/sssenior/matchdetails.php?id=69]. His other caps came in a 3-0 friendly win over West Germany the following month and at Wembley against England the following May.
He represented the League of Ireland 10 times while at Glenmalure Park between 1955 and 1958 and also won a B cap in 1958 in a 3-2 win in Iceland. He has the unique distinction of captaining his country at schoolboy, youth and senior level.
In May 1959, Gerry shared a testimonial with Paddy Ambrose [http://www.irishtimes.com/newspaper/archive/1959/0508/Pg003.html#Ar00317:0565200CB5500F565913166E].
After four years in London he signed for Limerick F.C. in November 1963 [http://www.irishtimes.com/newspaper/archive/1963/1130/Pg004.html#Ar00408:0686EB09970710A6C616B6E70AD6EB0F470705677409C790].
For four years in the 1970s, he was assistant manager to the Ireland Youths team.
Helped to form KRAM's (Keep Rovers at Milltown) first committee in 1987. His son Dave played for Rovers reserves in the 1980s and won League titles with Dundalk F.C. in the 1990s.

</doc>
<doc id="18476985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18476985" title="Casio G-Shock Frogman">
Casio G-Shock Frogman

The Frogman is a high-end model of the Casio G-Shock line of watches. It was one of the first models of the "Master of G" line, a line of G-Shock watches designed for special uses. The Frogman has an asymmetric shape and is attached eccentrically on its straps. It is specially made as a diving watch for scuba divers and is the only ISO 6425-compliant G-Shock line with a 200 m Divers rating. 
The first Frogman model (DW-6300) was released in November 1993. While Casio started to use a newer, four-screw back plate for its watches around that time, the DW-6300 retained the older back plate design. In June 1995 a second generation Frogman model was released, the DW-8200. From then on the Frogman became very popular under G-Shock collectors and many special editions have been released. 
A unique model in the Frogman lineup is the limited edition MRG-1100-2. This model was part of the MR-G series, a high-end G-Shock line of metal watches. While all other G-Shock models are constructed with resin bezels and straps, the MRG-1100-2 is constructed completely of titanium. 
In April 1999 the DW-9900 model was introduced. This Frogman was slightly smaller than the DW-8200. For the next two years both DW-8200 and DW-9900 models were produced. The DW-9900 seems to be a less popular model as it was soon followed up with the solar-powered GW-200 models in June 2001. Except for the "Snake Killer" and the "Carbon Fiber Frogman" (GW-201-6JF and GW-201NT-1JF), this Frogman has the Tough Solar 2422 module. The last GW-200 series Frogman is the GW-200Z-1JF "Final Frogman" that was released in November 2009. The model has been around for at least seven years, longer than the DW-8200. Typically, the "GW" designation refers to G-Shocks that can receive time updates from radio signals which are commonly called, though incorrectly, "atomic signals" But, no Frogman has been equipped with this feature prior to the release of the GWF-1000. 
The GWF-1000 is the latest addition to the Frogman line, introduced on September 2009 in Japan. It represents the fifth generation of the Frogman series. The GWF-1000 is now capable of receiving time updates from six locations worldwide (Mainflingen Anthorn [England, Ft Collins Shangqiu [China & Fukushima & Fukuoka/Saga ), while retaining ISO 6425 200 m water resistance, shock resistance, dive time measurement and solar power. It also incorporates a tide and moon graph function. Like the first generation Frogman, the GWF-1000 employs a stainless steel construction with the addition of diamond-like coating (DLC) to improve corrosion resistance. 

</doc>
<doc id="18477009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18477009" title="Gilbert Glaus">
Gilbert Glaus

Gilbert Glaus (born 3 December 1955 in Thun, Canton of Bern) is a retired Swiss professional road bicycle racer. In 1978, Glaus became amateur world champion, and he became a professional cyclist in 1982. In 1983, Glaus won a stage in the 1983 Tour de France, but in the 1984 Tour de France he was the Lanterne rouge (the last finishing cyclist).

</doc>
<doc id="18477013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18477013" title="Efaproxiral">
Efaproxiral

Efaproxiral (INN) is an analog of the cholesterol drug bezafibrate developed for the treatment of depression, traumatic brain injury, ischemia, stroke, myocardial infarction, diabetes, hypoxia, sickle cell disease, hypercholesterolemia and as a radio sensitizer. The chemical is a propanoic acid in the class of amphipathic carboxylic acids. Most propanoic acid produced is consumed as a preservative for both animal feed and food for human consumption. One use for efaproxiral is to increase the efficacy of certain chemotherapy drugs which have reduced efficacy against hypoxic tumours, and can thus be made more effective by increased offloading of oxygen into the tumour tissues. No benefit was seen for efaproxiral in phase III clinical trials. The increased oxygenation of tissues could theoretically also produce enhanced exercise capacity in feline, rat and canine models for approximately 100 min. immediately after a high dosage 45 min. intravenous infusion. This has led World Anti-Doping Agency to categorize efaproxiral under a prohibited method to artificially enhance the uptake, transport or delivery of oxygen. There is no existing evidence that efaproxiral can effectively enhance performance in humans. Efaproxiral can be absorbed via transdermal, rectal, inhalation and gastrointestinal routes, though not at plasma concentrations great enough to alter the oxygen-haemoglobin dissociation curve. Efaproxiral is explicitly excluded from the 2012 World Anti-Doping Agency list of Prohibited Substances and is explicitly included in the Prohibited Methods section M1 as a forbidden procedure to alter the oxygen-haemoglobin dissociation curve in order to allosterically modify hemoglobin. 

</doc>
<doc id="18477017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18477017" title="Bar Kochba Revolt coinage">
Bar Kochba Revolt coinage

Bar Kochba Revolt coinage were coins issued by the Jews during the "Bar Kochba revolt" against the Roman Empire of 132-135 AD.
During the Revolt, large quantities of coins were issued in silver and copper with rebellious inscriptions, all being overstruck over foreign (mostly Roman) coins, when a file was used to remove the designs of the original coins, such as the portrait of the Roman Emperor. The undercoin can clearly be seen on some of the silver coins because they were not filed down so as not to lose the value of the silver. On the bronze coins it is very difficult to see the underlying coin because they were filed down prior to the over-striking. In rare instances, the coin cracked when it was overstruck.
The name "Shim'on" (likely referring to the leader of the Revolt, Shim'on (Simon) Bar Koseba) appears on all of the coins of the Bar Kochba Revolt except for a few types issued at the beginning of the Revolt with the name "Eleazar the Priest (Cohen),". The overstruck silver shekel/tetradrachms (see illustration) are among the most religiously significant coins issued by the ancient Jews, because the Holy of Holies of the Jerusalem Temple is shown, with the Ark of the Covenant. The word "Jerusalem" was inscribed around the representation of the Temple. Beginning in the second year of issue and continuing into the final year, a star appeared above the Temple on many coins, probably in reference to Bar Kochba's nickname "Son of the Star". Agricultural symbols connected with the Jewish harvest festival of Sukkot, such as lulav and etrog, appear on the reverse of some of the smaller bronze coins, surrounded by a Hebrew inscription: 'Year One of the Redemption of Israel', 'Year Two of the Freedom of Israel', or 'For the Freedom of Jerusalem'.
Alternative attributions.
The first group of these coins reviewed by numismatists were 10 silver pieces and one bronze piece found in the mid-nineteenth century. By 1881 the number of coins had grown to 43, and many more have been found since. These coins were first attributed to Bar Kokhba by Moritz Abraham Levy in 1862 and Frederic Madden in 1864.
Since the mid-nineteenth century, a number of scholars have provided alternative attributions for the coins. Claude Reignier Conder, writing in 1909, suggested that the coins were forgeries of the coins of Simon Thassi. Wolf Wirgin, writing in 1959, suggested that the coins were instead minted by King Herod Agrippa Alice Muehsam, writing in 1966, suggested that those coins with dates such as "Year 1" were actually First Jewish Revolt coinage.

</doc>
<doc id="18477047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18477047" title="Consensus error grid">
Consensus error grid

The consensus error grid (also known as the Parkes error grid) was developed as a new tool for evaluating the accuracy of a blood glucose meter. In recent times, the consensus error grid has been used increasingly by blood glucose meter manufacturers in their clinical studies. It was published in August 2000 by Joan L. Parkes, Stephen L. Slatin, Scott Pardo, and Barry H. Ginsberg.
The bias error is NOT EQUAL the precision of the glucose test result.

</doc>
<doc id="18477053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18477053" title="Miggybyte">
Miggybyte

Miggybyte was a free disk based magazine for the Amiga range of computers, published by Pickled Fish Software and edited by Ben Gaunt. From 1995 to 1997 twelve issues were published all being on a single floppy disk only.
There is no secret that the magazine was inspired by Grapevine (disk magazine) the legendary scene based disk magazine also for the Amiga range of computers but that is where the similarity ends. Miggybyte was never a scene publication and never intended to be.
The publication focused on news about the Amiga, software, games and entertainment. The entertainment section proved to be a main stay of the publication and consisting of jokes and stories from readers. There was even a small classified section and BBS section where many Sysops from around the UK (thought there were a few from the USA too) would publicise their boards.
The interface consisted of two sections, the top part containing the text and in latter version graphics, the bottom the control interface (GUI). The engine behind the publication was called MultiMedia Magazine Creator (MMMC) and was developed by Pickled Fish Software / Ben Gaunt during the time of the publication. A side note here is MMMC was originally a simple text reader designed for the game Maze Madness (F1 Licenceware). MMMC was programmed in the popular Amiga basic language AMOS (programming language) and also used the Power Packer library to compress the publication onto a single disk.
Distribution.
Miggybyte was distributed by post, BBS, FidoNet, PD Software Libraries and the Internet, its main distribution being on Aminet and its WHQ BBS Channel X. Two version were released digitally one in LHA (file format) that omitted any copyrighted Amiga, Inc. files and a DMS (Disk Masher System) version that was a full disk image.

</doc>
<doc id="18477059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18477059" title="USS Helenita">
USS Helenita

USS "Helenita" is a name used more than once by the U.S. Navy:

</doc>
<doc id="18477060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18477060" title="St Pancras Basin">
St Pancras Basin

The St Pancras Basin, also known as St Pancras Yacht Basin, is part of the Regent's Canal in the London Borough of Camden, owned by British Waterways. There are currently several large-scale developments in progress, related to King's Cross Central and the redevelopment of St Pancras railway station.
The canal basin was formerly known as the "Midland Railway Basin". It is now home to the St Pancras Cruising Club and is slightly to the west of St Pancras Lock.

</doc>
<doc id="18477091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18477091" title="Mannosulfan">
Mannosulfan

Mannosulfan (INN) is an alkylating agent used in the treatment of cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="18477122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18477122" title="Hoshaya">
Hoshaya

Hoshaya () is a national-religious communal settlement in northern Israel. Located to the south-east of Shefa-'Amr, on Route 77 between Hamovil Interchange and Golani Interchange, three kilometers from Beit Rimon Interchange, it falls under the jurisdiction of Jezreel Valley Regional Council. In 2012 it had a population of 1,862.
The village is named after Rabbi Hoshaya (or Oshaya) a scholar in the Amoraic Period of the Talmud.
The village was established in 1980 as a Nahal settlement, originally planned for soldiers from moshavim in the Galilee and later maned by soldier of the Religious Nachal Youth Aliyah, as part of the Lookouts in the Galilee plan. Three years later it was civilianised and 10 families moved into caravans on the site, though some of the original Nahal settlers still live there. 
The Hoshaya community lives according to Orthodox Judaism, and in addition however there are many religious activities for women: Torah reading by women for women, reading of the Scroll of Esther on Purim by women for women, reading of the Book of Ruth on Shavuot.
The founders of the village stressed volunteering and community activity. In 2000 they founded a Soup Kitchen to prepare and deliver meals for the needy in nearby communities. 
All the streets in Hoshaya are named after the former Israeli settlements in Gush Katif: Gan Or, Morag, Shirat Hayam, Pe'at Sadeh, Dugit, Katif, Bedolah, Gadid, Ganei Tal, Elei Sinai.
Currently, facilities such as Nativ Elementary School (including pupils from Tefahot, Kalanit and Kfar Hananya), Kfar kedem an ancient Galilee village theme park, and a boutique hotel. Maccabi and Clalit medical clinics are active in Hoshaya. 

</doc>
<doc id="18477141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18477141" title="Belite Orli Stadium">
Belite Orli Stadium

Belite Orli Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Pleven, Bulgaria. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of the Bulgarian football team PFC Belite Orli Pleven .The stadium holds 22,000 people. 

</doc>
<doc id="18477165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18477165" title="Mount Lantoy">
Mount Lantoy

Mount Lantoy is a 593-meter (1,945 feet) mountain located 10 kilometers inland from the municipality of Argao, Cebu in the Philippines.
Watershed forest reserve.
Mt. Lantoy was declared as a watershed forest reserve by virtue of Presidential Proclamation no. 414 on June 29, 1994. The initial 7265-hectare protected area was reduced in December 2006 via a new Executive Order issued by President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo, reducing the watershed reserve area coverage to 3000 hectares.
In Philippine mythology.
In Philippine mythology, Mount Lantoy is said to be the domain of Maria Cacao, a "diwata" who lives in a cave in the mountain. Outside her cave grow numerous cacao trees, which are said to be her plantation. After harvest time come rains that wash down the mountain, enabling Maria Cacao to float down to the towns below in her golden ship to sell her products.

</doc>
<doc id="18477175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18477175" title="Trofosfamide">
Trofosfamide

Trofosfamide (INN) is a nitrogen mustard alkylating agent.
It is sometimes abbreviated "TRO".

</doc>
<doc id="18477178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18477178" title="Jim Chappell">
Jim Chappell

Jim Chappell is an American smooth jazz pianist.
Chappell was born and raised in Michigan. He traveled widely in the United States as a young adult before relocating to Nashville, where he began pursuing a career as a songwriter. He later moved to Los Angeles, California, where he landed an opportunity to create accompaniment music for the modern dance department of UCLA . He released his debut album, "Tender Ritual" in 1986 which sold more than 12,000 copies solely by personal promotional efforts and touring. Following the success of "Tender Ritual", he scored a string of successful albums on the U.S. New Age music charts from the years 1989 to 1994.
Chappell's music also reached other continents as SouthEast Asia and especially made a mark in the Philippines. His albums were carried by Filipino stores and often played in top radio stations primarily by Smooth Jazz Citylite 88.3 (currently Jam 88.3) DWJM which created wide popularity for the musician-composer.

</doc>
<doc id="18477184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18477184" title="Vector-field consistency">
Vector-field consistency

Vector-Field Consistency is a consistency model for replicated data (for example, objects), initially described in a paper which was awarded the best-paper prize in the ACM/IFIP/Usenix Middleware Conference 2007. It has since been enhanced for increased scalability and fault-tolerance in a recent paper.
Description.
This consistency model was initially designed for replicated data management in adhoc gaming in order to minimize bandwidth usage without sacrificing playability. Intuitively, it captures the notion that although players require, wish, and take advantage of information regarding the whole of the game world (as opposed to a restricted view to rooms, arenas, etc. of limited size employed in many multiplayer games), they need to know information with greater freshness, frequency, and accuracy as other game entities are located closer and closer to the player's position.
It prescribes a multidimensional divergence bounding scheme, based on a vector field that employs consistency vectors k=(θ,σ,ν), standing for maximum allowed time - or replica staleness, sequence - or missing updates, and value - or user-defined measured replica divergence, applied to all space coordinates in game scenario or world. 
The consistency vector-fields emanate from field-generators designated as pivots (for example, players) and field intensity attenuates as distance grows from these pivots in concentric or square-like regions. This consistency model unifies locality-awareness techniques employed in message routing and consistency enforcement for multiplayer games, with divergence bounding techniques traditionally employed in replicated database and web scenarios.

</doc>
<doc id="18477201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18477201" title="Family Online Safety Institute">
Family Online Safety Institute

The Family Online Safety Institute, or FOSI, is an international nonprofit organization. It is registered as a 501(c)(3) tax-deductible nonprofit charity in the United States and a registered charity in the United Kingdom. FOSI was founded in February 2007 by Stephen Balkam, who previously created the Internet Content Rating Association (ICRA). FOSI is chaired by Dave Pierce, Vice President of Public Affairs, NCTA.
Membership.
The Family Online Safety Institute is a membership-based organization, members pay an annual stipend to FOSI. In turn FOSI uses this funding for its general operation and to further its goals and mission. Each of the FOSI members have a representative on the Board of Directors.
Full members of FOSI include prominent American and British companies. Members include 
AOL, 
AT&T, 
Comcast, 
Facebook, 
France Telecom,
Entertainment Software Association,
GSM Association, 
Google,
Microsoft,
National Cable & Telecommunications Association, 
Nominum, 
Optenet 
KCOM Group, 
RuleSpace, 
Sprint, 
Streamshield, 
Symantec, 
T-Mobile USA,
Telefonica,
Telmex,
Time Warner Cable, 
CTIA – The Wireless Association, 
Verizon,
Vodafone and 
Yahoo!.
Programs.
FOSI's objective is to make the online world safer for children and their families. One of the primary ways it does this is with its annual conferences and other events that bring together the three major sectors involved in this mission: government, corporate, and nonprofit. FOSI hosts round tables discussions about progress in the field on online safety.
Culture of Responsibility.
One of FOSI's main initiatives is to create a "Culture of Responsibility" online; whereby different, but overlapping layers of society work in a coordinated effort, while ensuring that children have their fundamental rights protected online and increasing the various layers' responsibilities.
FOSI believes that parents and schools need to protect children from the potential dangers on the Internet, keeping them safe from harm - which FOSI believes is a fundamental right. These rights include protection from physical, psychological, or reputational harm, in addition to the rights of privacy, free speech and freedom of expression.
In addition to these liberties, FOSI would like to see six layers of society accept new responsibilities. FOSI's recommendations include:
Digital and Media Literacy.
FOSI encourages greater digital and media literacy programs to help create a safer Internet. "Digital literacy" meaning understanding the actual machines and technology that consumers use, such as the PC, laptop, gaming system, cell phone or wireless device. "Media literacy" means understanding how to use the content that flows through these machines.
3 C's: Content, Contact, and Conduct.
Part of FOSI's "Culture of Responsibility" is what they call the "3 C's". Society needs to help children make wise choices about the "content" they seek out and post online; about whom they "contact" and who they allow to contact them; and how they "conduct" themselves on the Internet. Children need to be empowered and encouraged to make better decisions so that their actions in the online world are similar to their actions in the offline world - a distinction, FOSI believes, children don't always make.
Events and Annual Conferences.
Annual Conferences.
2013.
The Family Online Safety Institute's 2013 Annual Conference will be taking place at the Ronald Reagan Building and International Trade Center, in Washington DC. This year’s conference, being held on November 6 and 7, will bring together the top thinkers in online safety: academics, educators, law enforcement, industry, policy makers, and non-profits.
2012.
FOSI's 2012 Annual Conference, "A Safer Internet For All" was held at the Andrew W. Mellon Auditorium in Washington, DC on November 14–15, 2012. The conference featured over 80 speakers, 20 exhibitors and more than 450 attendees from at least 14 different countries.
Notable speakers included Karen Cator, Nancy Lublin, Constance M. Yowell of the John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation, Dr. Howard J. Schaffer, and Dr. Michael Rich from the Center on Media and Child Health.
2011.
FOSI's 2011 Annual Conference, "Evaluate. Innovate. Collaborate. Strategies for Safe and Healthy Online Use" was held at the Andrew W. Mellon Auditorium in Washington, DC on November 9–10, 2011. The conference featured over 80 speakers, 26 exhibitors and more than 450 attendees from 13 different countries.
Notable speakers included Dominican Republic Vice President Margarita Cedeño de Fernández, Dr. Edward Amoroso of AT&T, and Michael Altschul of CTIA – The Wireless Association.
2010.
FOSI's 2010 Annual Conference, "Internet Freedom, Safety and Citizenship: A Global Call to Action" was held at the Andrew W. Mellon Auditorium in Washington, DC on November 9–10, 2010. The conference had 400 attendees, 90 speakers and 31 exhibitors from 13 countries.
Notable speakers included Microsoft's Peter Cullen, Tami Erwin of Verizon Wireless, Anna M. Gomez of NCTA, United States Ambassador-at-Large for Global Women's Issues Melanne Verveer, the FCC's Josh Gottheimer, and Karen Cator.
2009.
FOSI's 2009 Annual Conference, "Building a Culture of Responsibility: From Online Safety to Digital Citizenship," was held at the Andrew W. Mellon Auditorium in Washington, DC on November 4–5, 2009. The conference had 350 attendees, 80 speakers and 31 exhibitors from 15 countries. Technology writer and journalist, Larry Magid described the event as "a watershed moment in the 16-year history of online safety education."
2008.
FOSI's 2008 Annual Conference, "Safe at Any Speed: Online Safety Tools, Rules and Public Policies" was held at the Newseum in Washington, DC on December 11, 2008. At the conference, FOSI made a series of recommendations for the new Obama Administration and called for:
The conference included over 300 attendees from 4 continents, 11 countries, and featured 60 speakers on 11 expert panels and 22 exhibitors.
2007.
FOSI held its inaugural annual conference "Rights and Responsibility: Child Protection in a Web 2.0 World" on December 6, 2007 at the Ronald Reagan Building in Washington, D.C. The conference was covered by C-SPAN. Over 200 attendees joined together to raise awareness about the challenges facing our society to keep children safe in the new digital world. The participants paid particular attention to currently evolving solutions to online safety issues.
Notable speakers included Google Vice President and Chief Internal Evangelist Vint Cerf, U.S. Ambassador David Gross, Federal Communications Commission Commissioner Deborah Tate and Federal Trade Commission Chairman Deborah Platt Majoras.
Sponsors for the Conference include Verizon, AT&T, GSMA, RuleSpace, Crisp Thinking, Symantec, Google, Blue Coat, Comcast, CTIA, Microsoft, CompTIA, AOL and InternetSafety.com.
Internet Content Rating Association.
In 2007, FOSI was created and subsumed the Internet Content Rating Association (ICRA) and its day-to-day operations. ICRA developed and implemented a content labeling system that allows webmasters to clearly and accurately label their websites. These labels identify content in accordance with criteria developed by an independent third party. In accordance with FOSI goals, ICRA does not serve to rate the content of websites. ICRA provides the labeling system and encourages content providers to self-rate.
Discontinuation.
As of October 2010, the ICRA labeling engine has been discontinued by FOSI. Additionally, FOSI has withdrawn all support for the ICRA rating system and taken down all documentation for labeling websites with ICRA ratings.

</doc>
<doc id="18477212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18477212" title="Misugisato Kōji">
Misugisato Kōji

Misugisato Kōji (born 1 July 1962 as Kōji Okamato) is a former sumo wrestler from Shiga Prefecture, Japan. His highest rank was "komusubi."
Career.
Born in Shigaraki, Koka District, he joined Futagoyama stable at the beginning of 1979 at the age of 15, recruited by former "yokozuna" Wakanohana. He initially fought under his own surname before being given the "shikona" of Misugisato (meaning "village of three cedars") in 1980. In July 1984 he reached the "sekitori" ranks for the first time, but lasted only one tournament in the "juryo" division before being demoted back to "makushita." It took him exactly two years to win promotion back to "juryo" and he promptly won the divisional "yusho" or tournament championship with an 11-4 record. He moved up and down the division a few times before winning promotion to the top "makuuchi" division after a 10-5 score at the rank of "Juryo" 2 in March 1988. In November 1988 he scored nine wins against six losses at the rank of "maegashira" 7, which was enough to see him promoted to "komusubi" for the January 1989 tournament. Unusually, he had been promoted to the "san'yaku" ranks without ever having faced any "san'yaku" ranked wrestlers himself. (He received some "banzuke" good fortune as both "komusubi" and most of the "maegashira" ranked above him had finished with "make-koshi" or losing records in November).
Misugisato was thrown in at the deep end in his "komusubi" debut, facing all the three "yokozuna" in the first three days. Unsurprisingly, he was unable to defeat any of them and finished with a losing score of 3-12. Nevertheless he upset "yokozuna" Hokutoumi in the May and September 1989 tournaments, to earn the first two of his eventual six "kinboshi" or gold stars. On the final day of the January 1992 tournament he faced Takahanada, who needed the win to clinch his first top division tournament championship. Takahanada was the nephew of Misugisato's stablemaster Futagoyama, who was officiating in his last tournament as the head of the Japan Sumo Association and was due to present the trophy to the winner of the "yusho". Misugisato had already earned a majority of wins, and lost the match to finish on 8-7. He and Takanohana would later become stablemates when Futagoyama stable merged with Takahanada's Fujishima stable. In May 1992 he earned ten wins at "Maegashira" 1, and was rewarded with his first "sanshō" or special prize, for Fighting Spirit, and promotion back to "komusubi". He held the rank for the next two tournaments.
Misugisato never reached the "san'yaku" ranks again, but he remained in the top division until March 1997. He then fought in the "juryo" division until his retirement in July 1998 at the age of 36. He remained in the sumo world as a coach under the "toshiyori" or elder name of Hamakaze, but left his role in November 2006 when the elder stock was needed by the former "maegashira" Gojōrō Katsuhiro.
Misugisato comes from area famous for its pottery, known as Shigaraki ware, and became interested in ceramics as a result. In his days as an active wrestler he also built up a vast record collection.

</doc>
<doc id="18477217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18477217" title="Tigert Hall">
Tigert Hall

Tigert Hall, built in the late 1940s and early 1950s, is a historic administrative building located on the eastern edge of the University of Florida campus in Gainesville, Florida. It was designed by architect Jefferson Hamilton in a modified Collegiate Gothic style to function as the university's main administration building. In 1960, it was renamed for John J. Tigert, the university's third president, who served from 1928 to 1947. Tigert Hall faces S.W. Thirteenth Street (U.S. 441), one of the major public roads adjoining the university's campus.
Tigert Hall became a contributing property in the University of Florida Campus Historic District in 2008; the historic district had been previously added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 20, 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="18477234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18477234" title="The Bent Theatre">
The Bent Theatre

The Bent Theatre, formerly known as Whole World Theater Charlottesville, is an improvisational comedy troupe based in Charlottesville, Virginia. It was founded by Jenn Horne, (formerly of The Whole World Theatre in Atlanta, Georgia) in 2004. The group began with weekly classes, then accumulated enough actors to perform monthly shows at various venues on Charlottesville's Downtown Mall. As of 2010, its home base is Play On Theater.
History.
Whole World Theater Charlottesville was formed in February 2004 by Jennifer Horne as she started teaching classes above Sylvia's Pizza on the Downtown Mall. They become the fourth major improv group in Charlottesville joining, The Whethermen (UVA), Amuse-Bouche (UVA),
October 2005, the group changed its name from Whole World Theater Company to the Bent Theatre Company.
In 2006, due to the closing of their performance space at Garden of Sheba the Bent Theatre moved to the "trendy" hot spot R2, the dance club located in Rapture Bar and Grill.
In early 2007 the Bent Theatre moved in a new rehearsal space, in the green room of the new local theater Play On!
Over the summer of 2007, the Bent Theatre re-ignited improv as a popular entertainment option in Charlottesville with several pop culture parodies. They performed improvised versions the Star Wars Trilogy, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Romeo and Juliet (for Valentine's Day), and The Life and Times of George W. Bush (an original improv play written by Bent member ).
December 31, 2007, the Bent Theatre performs at First Nite Virginia for the second year in a row with fellow improvisers, the Improfessionals. 
February 2008, Michael Abraham, Ben Cole, Andy Davis, Ray Smith and Ruth Morton, took a trip down to Carrboro, North Carolina to take part in the Dirty South Improv Festival, returning with a wealth of knowledge.
On April 25, 2008, the Bent Theatre's prayers were answered as they began performing monthly shows at Play On! Theater having one of their largest audiences ever attend their premiere performance at the theater. UVA improv group, Amuse-Bouche performed at half-time.
August 2008, The Bent Theatre was once again asked to perform at First Night VA
August 21, 2008 the Bent Theatre bid farewell to Mike Abraham and Ben Cole as the two of them performed in their final show before heading off to Columbia University and The Hart School (respectively). This however is not a goodbye forever, as they expect to be back for Christmas and Summer breaks.
October 2, 2008, , the Artistic Director of the Bent Theatre resigned. Andy Davis stepped up to replace him join Jenn Horne as the co-directors
October 13, 2008 the Bent Theatre announced a tribute to Star Wars show planned for November 21 at Play On!
November 21, 2008 the Bent Theatre opened Star Wars to an audience of over 70 people. This show marked the largest cast performance of their history (11) and marked the first show where the entire cast wore costumes
December 12, 2008 the Bent performed an improvised tribute to Dr. Seuss' classic tale "How the Grinch Stole Christmas", directed by Andy Davis, with Ray Smith starring in the title role
Starting June 10, the Bent Theatre began teaching official improv classes at Play On! Led by Jenn Horne, Ray Smith and Andy Davis
Shows.
The Bent's shows generally run about 90 minutes with a brief intermission separating two halves. They primarily perform shortform improvisation, a series of short scenes or games featuring MC interaction and multiple audience suggestions.
The MC is often the writer of the show, and by that I mean the person who selects the games, the actors, the background stories and the type of suggestions to ask the audiences. The members who most often write and MC the shows are Jenn Horne and Andy Davis. Recently more people have begun writing shows, particularly the parodies. Patrick Kilmer directed The Wizard of Oz, Alex Modic directed Harry Potter and Aaron Gilley directs Casino Royale
Workshops.
The Bent Theatre consistently offers improv workshops. The classes last 9–12 weeks and give you a year's membership in the troupe, with free admission to all shows and workshops.
The Smart Asps.
"The Smart Asps" was the teen improv group founded by Jenn Horne shortly after the Bent Theatre was formed. The group performed several shows and grew to a little over a dozen members before disbanding in 2007. Two of their members, Ben Cole and Michael Abraham, moved on to join the Bent Theatre and have been regular cast members since.

</doc>
<doc id="18477240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18477240" title="Koji Okamoto">
Koji Okamoto

Koji Okamoto (born April 9, 1976) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="18477258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18477258" title="55th Rescue Squadron">
55th Rescue Squadron

The 55th Rescue Squadron (55 RQS) is an aviation unit of the United States Air Force. It operates the HH-60G Pavehawk helicopter and provides rapidly deployable combat search and rescue forces to theater commanders worldwide. They tactically employ the HH-60G helicopter and its crew in hostile environments to recover downed aircrew and isolated personnel during day, night, or marginal weather conditions. The squadron also conducts military operations other than war including civil search and rescue, disaster relief, international aid, emergency medical evacuation, and counter-drug activities.
Mission.
Since 2003, the squadron provided rapidly deployable combat search and rescue forces worldwide; and deployed aircraft and crews in response to national disasters, domestic search and rescue, and MEDEVAC missions.
History.
Originally, the 55th Aerospace Rescue and Recovery Squadron was activated on 14 November 1952, at Thule Air Force Base, Greenland, and remained there until its inactivation on 18 June 1960. The squadron was reactivated again at Kindley Air Force Station, Bermuda, on 10 May 1961. The squadron was relocated to McCoy Air Force Base, Florida (USA) in February 1970, and to Eglin Air Force Base on 3 June 1971. Twenty-two years later, on 25 February 1993, the 55th ARRS moved to Hurlburt Field, where the squadron was inactivated on 11 November 1999. On 22 January 2003 the squadron was reactivated at Davis-Monthan Air Force Base, AZ (USA).
Operations.
The 55th ARS trained and performed rescue and recovery missions from 1952 to 1960. Between June 1961 and January 1966 the unit supported manned spacecraft recovery operations. In 1988 the rescue role changed to special operations missions. During Operation Just Cause the 55th SOS performed combat search and rescue in Panama between 20 December 1989 and 14 January 1990. This was repeated during the 1991 Gulf War between January and March 1991, and again in the Persian Gulf region and the Kosovo, in 1998-1999. Since 2003, the squadron provided rapidly deployable combat search and rescue forces worldwide; and deployed aircraft and crews in response to national disasters, domestic search and rescue, and MEDEVAC missions, like during Hurricane Katrina.

</doc>
<doc id="18477317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18477317" title="Brecknock Museum">
Brecknock Museum

Brecknock Museum is a museum managed by Powys County Council in Brecon, the historic county town of Brecknockshire or Breconshire in Mid Wales. Built off Captain's Walk, The Watton in 1824 as a shire hall, the building later functioned as an assize courts until its closure in 1971, re-opening in 1974 as a museum. One of Brecon's most significant pieces of architecture, the building has been Grade II* listed since 1952. The Brecknock Society and Museum Friends are closely associated with the museum.
Exhibits, artifacts and the collection.
The museum displays a wide range of local artifacts from both prehistory covering the Stone Age, the Bronze Age, the Iron Age and the period of Roman Britain, Roman Wales and the Dark Ages and the emergence of Brycheiniog, plus exhibits from the historical period covering medieval and later history. 
The rural life and agricultural and farming life of the county is also reflected through both artifacts and art work such as paintings by local and national artists on display.
Rare exhibits include a Dugout (boat) or primitive canoe from Llangorse Lake and a tombstone of a cavalryman from Y Gaer, Brecon Roman fort.
The museum also has an art gallery. It is sited within the shire hall, where in previous years Assize court cases, including murder trials, were held [http://www.gtj.org.uk/en/item1/4173].
The museum has been closed to the public since November 2011 to enable major refurbishment and redevelopment to take place. 

</doc>
<doc id="18477348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18477348" title="Oslo Mosquito raid">
Oslo Mosquito raid

The Oslo Mosquito raid (25 September 1942) was a British air raid on Oslo, Norway, during World War II. The target of the raid was the "Victoria Terrasse" building, the headquarters of the Gestapo. It was intended to be a "morale booster" for the Norwegian people and was scheduled to coincide with a rally of Norwegian collaborators, led by Vidkun Quisling.
Preparation.
The operation was carried out by four de Havilland Mosquito aircraft of No. 105 Squadron RAF, led by Squadron Leader George Parry, flying with navigator Flying Officer "Robbie" Robson. The other three crews consisted of:
In order to shorten the mission distance, the four aircraft were flown to RAF Leuchars in Fife, Scotland, where they were refuelled and loaded with four delayed action bombs each.
The operation.
The operation involved a round trip distance of , with a flying time of 4.75 hours, making it the longest mission flown with Mosquitos at that date. The bombers crossed the North Sea at heights of less than to avoid interception by enemy aircraft and navigated by dead reckoning. Each aircraft was armed with four 500 lb bombs with 11 second delayed action fuses since in such a low level attack the bombs had the potential to damage the aircraft that had dropped them.
Despite their low altitude, the Mosquitos were intercepted by two Focke-Wulf Fw 190 fighters of 3/JG 5 flying from Stavanger, causing Gordon Carter's Mosquito to make a forced landing in Oslofjord. Rowland and Reilly were pursued by the other Fw 190 until it clipped a tree and was forced to break off the attack.
At least four bombs penetrated the Gestapo HQ; one failed to detonate, while the other three crashed out through the opposite wall before exploding. The building was not destroyed, but several civilian residences were, and 80 civilians were killed or injured. The Norwegian government in exile, which did not know about the raid, later expressed serious concern to the British government. Official announcements by the German occupation forces claimed that several British aircraft had been shot down, when in reality a single Mosquito had been lost.
Impact.
Although the raid had failed fully to achieve its main objective, it was considered dramatic enough to be used to reveal the existence of the Mosquito to the British public, and the following day (26 September) listeners to the BBC Home Service learned that a new aircraft - the Mosquito - had been revealed for the first time by the RAF, and that four had made a low level attack on Oslo. The Mosquito bomber was featured in The Times of London on the 28 September, and the next day the newspaper published two captioned photographs illustrating the Oslo bomb strikes and damage. 

</doc>
<doc id="18477363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18477363" title="Hangar rash">
Hangar rash

Hangar rash is an aviation term that refers to minor incidents involving damage to aircraft that typically originate due to improper ground handling in and around a hangar, other aircraft or objects on the ground. Such aircraft are typically considered as good as new once replaced or re-skinned.

</doc>
<doc id="18477365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18477365" title="Barnard Mills">
Barnard Mills

Barnard Mills is an historic mill at 641-657 Quarry Street in Fall River, Massachusetts.
The mill was organized in 1872, but not built until 1874. It was constructed in native Fall River granite in the Italianate style for the manufacture of cotton cloth. It had an initial capacity of 28,000 spindles, which was later increased to 66,000 spindles with the construction of an attached weave shed in 1896. L.I. Barnard served as the first president of the company, and N.B. Borden was treasurer.
The company was liquidated in 1939.
The mill was added to the National Historic Register in 1983.
During the 1980s the mill was converted into a retail outlet center, known as Tower Place, which still operates today.

</doc>
<doc id="18477366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18477366" title="Robert MacGregor (engineer)">
Robert MacGregor (engineer)

Robert MacGregor was a British engineer, who, during the 1920s, concerned over unnecessary losses of North Sea colliers, developed the first steel hatch cover.
The design was simple and consisted of five articulated leaves that stowed neatly at the end of each hatch. Patented in 1929, the steel hatch improved ship and cargo safety and had a lasting impact on cargo care.
In 1937, to promote and sell his steel hatch covers, Robert MacGregor and his brother Joseph formed MacGregor & Company in Whitley Bay on the north-east coast of England.

</doc>
<doc id="18477410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18477410" title="79th Rescue Squadron">
79th Rescue Squadron

The 79th Rescue Squadron (79 RQS) operates the Lockheed HC-130J "Combat King II" variant of the C-130 "Hercules" and provides rapidly deployable combat search and rescue forces to theater commanders worldwide. It conducts helicopter air refueling, airdrop, and airland of pararescue personnel and/or equipment in support of combat personnel recovery. Its crews are capable of landings on short, unimproved, runways and low-level operations during day or night with night vision goggles.
Mission.
The 79th Rescue Squadron operates the HC-130J "Combat King II" and provides rapidly deployable combat personnel recovery forces to theater commanders worldwide. It conducts helicopter air-to-air refueling, airdrop and airland of pararescue personnel and/or equipment in support of combat personnel recovery. The 79th is capable of providing airborne mission commander and rescue mission commander duties for long periods of time due to our receiver aerial refueling capability, limiting mission length to crew stamina. Its crews are capable of landing on short, unimproved runways and conducting low-level operations during daytime missions, or night with the aid of night vision goggles.
History.
Operations.
Recent Accomplishments.
2011 Meritorious Unit Award (1 Jun 2011 – 31 May 2011); 2012 Meritorious Unit Award (1 Jun 2011 – 31 Jan 2012). In 2011, the 79th Rescue Squadron completed an eight-month Operation ENDURING FREEDOM deployment, where it executed 1215 combat sorties, saving the lives of 334 allied, coalition, and Afghan military and civilian personnel.
2005 Hurricane Katrina Rescue Missions.
The 79th Rescue Sqaudron (RQS) deployed to Moody Air Force Base (AFB) in support of Joint Task Force Katrina. The 79th along with their sister squadron, the 71st RQS located at Moody AFB, flew search and rescue and refueling missions over the New Orleans area for several days after the hurricane destroyed much of the Gulf Coast. The crews from the two rescue squadrons were credited with over 4,300 saves.
2006 Sudan mission.
On 28 November 2006, a squadron of HC-130 aircraft assigned to Camp Lemonnier, Djibouti was sent to an airfield in Darfur, Sudan to retrieve the belongings of a US military liaison who had left the area. On the ground at Al-Fashir airfield, the aircraft was surrounded by 150 Sudanese soldiers who refused to allow the aircraft to leave, fearing that the crew had taken photographs of Sudanese military operations at the airfield. The Sudanese soldiers threatened to rape two female members of the crew and stated that the entire crew would be executed. The US crew barricaded the aircraft and refused to allow the Sudanese soldiers to enter during a tense stand-off.
After four hours, a locally assigned US military liaison was able to persuade the Sudanese airfield commander to allow the aircraft to depart without further incident.

</doc>
<doc id="18477412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18477412" title="Central Congregational Church (Fall River, Massachusetts)">
Central Congregational Church (Fall River, Massachusetts)

Central Congregational Church is an historic church at 100 Rock Street in Fall River, Massachusetts. It was designed by Boston architects Hartwell & Swasey, who also designed several other notable buildings in Fall River, including the Academy Building and several city fire stations.
The church was built in 1875 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. It was well known in its early days for being the home church of Lizzie Borden and her family. It was the site used, in the spring of 1993, for the performance segment of the video for Cryin' by Aerosmith, who had played the area in the early days. 
In the 1990s and 2000s, the church and abbey were renovated into the International Culinary Academy, with the Abbey Grille and classrooms in the abbey and a large function hall in the main church. The Academy and restaurant closed in March 2009, citing lack of funds (which had also been cited in connection with deterioration of the steeple, which has left it wrapped in black fabric and the surrounding sidewalk closed).
The Hook & Hastings organ was built some time ago. This Hook & Hastings organ is one of the only ones in the area. The organ is located in the main hall. 

</doc>
<doc id="18477414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18477414" title="33rd Brigade">
33rd Brigade

33rd Brigade or 33rd Infantry Brigade may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18477422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18477422" title="Jodis putata">
Jodis putata

Jodis putata is a moth of the family Geometridae. It is found in parts of Europe.
The length of the forewings is 10–12 mm. The adults fly from late April to mid July in one generation.
The green colour of the imago gradually disappears during the flight season, rendering the moth pale white. The moth is active during the day.

</doc>
<doc id="18477434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18477434" title="Yanelis Santos">
Yanelis Santos

Yanelis Santos Allegne (born 30 March 1986 in Ciego de Ávila) is a female volleyball player from Cuba, who represents the women's national team as a setter/opposite in the international team competition since 2002. Santos was named "Best Server" at the 2007 FIVB World Cup.
Career.
Santos won the bronze medal and the Best Spiker award at the 2011 NORCECA Championship".
Santos won with his national team the silver medal at the 2011 Pan American Games held in Guadalajara, Mexico.
In the 2012 Pan-American Cup held in Ciudad Juarez, Mexico she won the Best Spiker and Best Server awards and the Bronze medal with her national team.

</doc>
<doc id="18477509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18477509" title="Bijapur (Lok Sabha constituency)">
Bijapur (Lok Sabha constituency)

Bijapur Lok Sabha constituency is one of the 28 Lok Sabha (parliamentary) constituencies in Karnataka state in southern India. This constituency is reserved for the candidates belonging to the Scheduled castes.
Assembly segments.
Bijapur Lok Sabha constituency presently comprises the following eight Legislative Assembly segments:
Members of Parliament.
Bombay State:
Mysore State:
Karnataka State:

</doc>
<doc id="18477518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18477518" title="Nacha Pop">
Nacha Pop

Nacha Pop was a Spanish pop/rock group active from 1978 to 1988.
The band was formed by Antonio Vega and Nacho García Vega (guitars and vocals), Carlos Brooking (bass) and Ñete (drums). They signed with Spanish EMI subsidiary Hispavox in 1980, and their debut album was produced by Teddy Bautista. Several albums followed, including 1987's "El Momento", which was produced by Carlos Narea. Their final concerts took place on October 19 and 20, 1988, after which the group disbanded.
In 1987, Nacha Pop released what would be her most successful album at the time "El Momento", it contained several hit singles, that became a huge succes in Spain, Argentina and Mexico, emphasizing the New Wave track, Persiguiendo Sombras and the big success Lucha De Gigantes, both songs climbed to the top of the charts in Spain and Mexico during 1987 and 1988, actually the band made a massive concert at Plaza México; which became their first live performance ever in LatinAmerica. 
In 2000, Alejandro González Iñárritu used the Nacha Pop song "Lucha de Gigantes" in the film "Amores Perros".
Nacha Pop were to reunite in 2007. Antonio Vega died in Madrid on May 12, 2009 of lung cancer at age 51.

</doc>
<doc id="18477533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18477533" title="Tipraiti Tireach">
Tipraiti Tireach

Tipraiti Tireach (136 — 187) spelled with numerous different variations such as Tibraite, Tipraite, Tiobraide, Thilbruidhe and Tiobradhe, was a Celtic legendary King of Ulster according to the "Annals of the Four Masters". The Annals also describes Tipraiti Tireach as the founder of Dál nAraidi. He was the son of Mal, a High King of Ireland and a descendant of hero Conall Cernach. Part of the wide Milesian race with a lineage that traces back directly to Míl Espáine, whose son tradition holds, came to Ireland from Hispania in the Iberian Peninsula as part of the "Ulster Cycle". 
The "Lebor Gabála" and the "Annals" say Tipraiti Tireach defeated and slew Conn of the Hundred Battles, the High King of Ireland for thirty-five years, at the Battle of Tuath Amrois. Keating says Tipraiti sent fifty warriors dressed as women from Emain Macha to kill him at Tara.

</doc>
<doc id="18477535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18477535" title="Sheet Harbour Consolidated School">
Sheet Harbour Consolidated School

Sheet Harbour Consolidated School is a school located in Sheet Harbour, Nova Scotia, in Canada.
Sheet Harbour Consolidated School welcomes students in grades primary to 6. There are 156 students in this elementary school.
The Principal of this school is Ms. Wanda Scott, who is also the Principal of Eastern Consolidated School.
The school is a peanut/nut safe school.
As of April 2008 Sheet Harbour achieved the Green School Award for the completion of 100 environmental projects.
Each year the school has a Holiday/Christmas Concert and a Spring Concert. The children, with the help of the teachers, perform for the parents. Each class has a different performance usually following a theme.
Sheet Harbour Consolidated School is one of the three feeder schools of Duncan MacMillan High School. The other two schools are Eastern Consolidated School and Lakefront Consolidated School.
History.
This school was built in 1957. This school once hosted the high school students before Duncan MacMillan High School was built. Sheet Harbour Consolidated School also hosted some DMHS students when DMHS had to be closed and torn apart looking for the cause of an unexplained illness that some of the students had in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="18477540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18477540" title="Limehouse Basin Lock">
Limehouse Basin Lock

Limehouse Basin Lock is a lock forming the exit from Limehouse Basin to the Thames, in the London Borough of Tower Hamlets, England. It is the final lock on the Regent's Canal. The Narrow Street swing bridge sits between the lock and the river.
The current lock was built in 1989 for yachts and pleasure craft, to conserve water in the Basin. It measures by and was built completely within the chamber of the former Ship Lock entrance to the basin. This measured by . The original gate-recesses and one of the gates remain in situ, to demonstrate the size of the former lock.
The nearest Docklands Light Railway station is Limehouse.

</doc>
<doc id="18477543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18477543" title="Ferdi Van Den Haute">
Ferdi Van Den Haute

Ferdi Van Den Haute (Deftinge, 5 July 1952) was a Belgian professional road bicycle racer from 1976 to 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="18477548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18477548" title="BNS Osman">
BNS Osman

BNS Osman is a modified Type 053H frigate of the Bangladesh Navy, bought in 1989 from China. She is the first Guided Missile Frigate to enter service with the Bangladesh Navy.
History.
The Type 053H1 Frigate "BNS Osman" was previously known as "Xiangtan," which served with "PLAN" in "South Sea Fleet".It was commissioned in "PLAN" in 1987. In 1989 the ship was sold to Bangladesh Navy.She is the first guided missile frigate to enter in service with Bangladesh Navy.
Career.
"BNS Osman" is based in Chittagong, serving with the Commodore Commanding BN Flotilla (COMBAN). About 250 personnel serve aboard "BNS Osman", with most living on board. She is one of five frigates in the Bangladeshi Navy, but is the first one which test fired C-802A missile in Bay of Bengal On May 12, 2008 which successfully hit the target. The ship has recently gone through major upgrades which includes replacement of propulsion system, new missile launching platforms and an addition of a combat data link.
Armament.
The ship is armed with advanced C-802A anti-ship missiles, and FM-90N surface-to-air missile systems.It also carries naval guns, torpedoes and anti-submarine weapons.Besides it can lay up to 60 mines.
Mission.
BNS Osman is currently deployed at Lebanon with the UN mission UNIFIL.
See also.
Frigates 
Naval Establishments 

</doc>
<doc id="18477550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18477550" title="Michal Smola">
Michal Smola

Michal Smola (born ) is a Czech orienteering competitor, silver medalist from the world championships, and junior world champion. He became Junior World Champion in the "short distance" in Nove Mesto na Morave in 2000, and with the Czech team in "relay" in 2000 and in 2001. His best achievement by September 2009 is silver medal in the "middle distance" at the 2008 World Orienteering Championship in Olomouc.
Smola was born in Zlín, a city of 80,000 people in the Czech Republic. At the age of 12, he joined the local orienteering club SKOB Zlín where he was trained by Jiri Stacke until 1999. In 1995, age 14, Michal gained his first orienteering title in the national championship (short distance, category under 16 years old). In 1998, he won his first international competition, European Youth Championships in Hungary in the under 18 years old category.
Junior world championships.
After 2000, Michal started training on his own. The same year he won two Junior world championships (short distance and relay). Together with the Czech team, he defended the relay gold next year and won individual bronze medals in short and long distance runs.
World championships.
His first successes in adult competitions were two gold and one silver medal in University world championships in 2004. However, in 2005 he failed to qualify for the World Orienteering Championship (WOC) and also got a serious ankle injury. Those failures pushed Michal to reconsider his training and to change the club to Swedish Sodertalje-Nykvarn Orientering. The changes worked well and Michal progressed to the 4th place at 2006 WOC long distance competition. In 2008 he won his first, and the only so far WOC medal - a silver in the middle distance run. In 8 years through August 2009 he has participated in 96 IOF world ranking races. After WOC 2009, Michal ranked 29th in the world in foot orienteering. His highest rank ever was 8th, in 2008.
Martin Johansson 2009 WOC injury.
At WOC 2009 in Miskolc, Hungary, during the last leg of the relay race Thierry Gueorgiou (France), Anders Nordberg (Norway), and Smola were close behind the lead runner, Martin Johansson (Sweden), when Johansson suffered a 12 cm deep penetrating trauma from a stick in his right thigh. While Nordberg ran for help, Gueorgiou and Smola stayed with Johansson; they pulled out the stick, harnessed the wound using a shirt and a GPS tracking strap and then carried Johansson to a road. Nordberg brought a physician there.
Personal life.
Michal is a doctoral student at Tomas Bata University in Zlín at the Faculty of Applied Informatics, Department of Electrotechnics and Measurements. His hobbies include travel, cross-country skiing, cycling, climbing, photography, music and watching movies.

</doc>
<doc id="18477564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18477564" title="Demetrius (disambiguation)">
Demetrius (disambiguation)

Demetrius may be a given name. 
Demetrius may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18477578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18477578" title="USS Helenita (SP-210)">
USS Helenita (SP-210)

USS "Helenita" (SP-210) was a yacht leased from its owner by the U.S. Navy during World War I. She was outfitted as an armed patrol craft and initially assigned to North Atlantic Ocean duty, but found to be too lightly built for the ocean. She was then relegated to patrol of Long Island Sound and the Delaware Bay until war’s end, when her guns were removed and she was returned to her owner.
Yacht built in New York.
The first ship to be so named by the U.S. Navy, "Helenita" was a 304-ton steam yacht built in 1902 by Gas Engine & Power Co., Morris Heights, New York, acquired by the Navy from Frank J. Gould August 1917, and commissioned 17 October 1917 at Morris Heights, New York.
World War I service.
Originally intended for foreign service, "Helenita" sailed from Newport, Rhode Island, to Bermuda 4 November, and until 1 January 1918 engaged in patrol, search, and dispatch service out of Bermuda. Found to be too lightly built for sea service, she was sent back to the United States, arriving 10 January 1918 at Charleston, South Carolina. "Helenita" then entered Philadelphia Navy Yard 17 January for extensive repairs.
Subsequently, "Helenita" was assigned briefly in May to New London, Connecticut, and New York City, moving to Base 2, Delaware Bay, as a patrol vessel in June. She continued on this duty as a district craft in the Long Island Sound and Delaware Bay areas until sent to Norfolk, Virginia, for repairs 6 August to 26 November 1918.
Post-war decommissioning.
Returning to New York in May, 1919, "Helenita" decommissioned and was simultaneously returned to her owner 17 June 1919.

</doc>
<doc id="18477582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18477582" title="Tara Lemmey">
Tara Lemmey

Tara L. Lemmey is an American entrepreneur, inventor, designer, technology expert, and innovation strategist.
She is CEO and founder of Net Power & Light based in the Presidio of San Francisco. Lemmey is a co-inventor of over forty US and international utility and design patents. She was named one of the 100 Most Creative People in Business in 2013 by Fast Company (magazine) and is one of the MCP 1000: The Most Creative People in Business.
Innovation & strategy.
Lemmey is a member of The Markle Initiative for America’s Economic Future in a Networked World created in 2013 and co-chaired by Zoe Baird and Howard Schultz. The goals of the Markle Economic Future Initiative are to envision and be a catalyst for an America with broad participation in the global digital economy; and to seek scalable solutions to reinvigorate the American Dream, imagining new strategies for jobs and economic security that can help propel our country into a future where the next generation will once again be better off than the last.
Lemmey has founded multiple companies in both the private and public sectors, most recently Net Power & Light, the Home of Spin. She is the chairman of LENS, an innovation strategy firm that works with leading institutions in creating next markets. LENS has advised senior executives of nonprofits and Fortune 500 companies, including Intel, American Express, and the Lumina Foundation on innovation, next-generation strategies, new markets, and investments and acquisitions. She led the strategy for Ribbit, acquired by British Telecom in 2008, and served on the board of Discovery Mining, acquired by Interwoven, now part of HP.
Lemmey speaks regularly on innovation in the industry, government, academia, and nonprofit sectors—most recently at Techonomy 2013, 2012 and 2011, Digital Media and Learning Conference 2011, TED India 2010, Fortune Brainstorm Tech Conference 2009. She is a frequent participant at the Aspen Institute, most recently contributing to "Solving the Dilbert Paradox", a report from the Aspen Round Table on Talent Development.
Lemmey was profiled as one of the protagonists in "The Power of Pull: How Small Moves, Smartly Made, Can Set Big Things in Motion" (John Hagel III, John Seely Brown and Lang Davison), ""this year's must-read book on innovation"" in 2010 (Bloomberg BusinessWeek) endorsed by Bill Clinton, Walter Isaacson, Eric Schmidt and other policy and business leaders.
National security, technology and privacy.
Lemmey served as a co-chair of the Technology Working Group on the Markle Foundation's Task Force on National Security in the Information Age and was the lead architect of the SHARE information environment recommendation which became the ISE, the new way of information sharing for the intelligence and national security community post 9/11.
From 2002 to 2012, the Markle Task Force on National Security in the Information Age has offered a broad vision and detailed recommendations on the key policy and technology issues affecting the creation of a trusted information environment. These recommendations have been adopted by Executive Order, codified in two pieces of federal legislation and led to the creation of the Information Sharing Environment.
Lemmey was on the U.S. Department of Homeland Security Privacy Advisory Committee, which provides external expert advice to the Department’s Secretary and the Chief Privacy Officer on matters relating to privacy and civil liberties preservation in relation to national security improvements.
Earlier Lemmey was President of the Electronic Frontier Foundation and was on the founding board of TRUSTe.
Foreign policy.
Lemmey was a Commissioner on the "Embassy of the Future Task Force" at the Center for Strategic and International Studies as the "Ambassador from Silicon Valley" contributing to the Commission's Report that provided key recommendations for making the diplomatic pursuit of U.S. interests abroad more effective in the 21st century.
In 2009 she took part in the U.S. State Department's Technology Delegation to Mexico, which explored ways for U.S. technology companies to support Mexican citizens’ resistance against the country’s drug cartels.
In 2010, she was a delegate to the White House Council on Women and Girls "Women’s Entrepreneurship Conference", which was formed to address critical challenges and opportunities and identify public policy initiatives needed to move the women’s business agendas forward.
In 2012 the U.S. State Department organized Lemmey's Speaker Series tour on entrepreneurship and innovation in Turkey.
Education.
Lemmey created DGREE.ORG —an initiative funded by the Lumina Foundation to envision the future of higher education and exploring how technology and innovation can drive new models for student-centered, lifetime learning. In 2010 she hosted the DGREE Summit which brought together the shared thinking of business leaders, venture capitalists, education foundations, and university leaders and accreditors to focus on student-centric learning in a sustainable educational ecosystem.
Lemmey and Net Power & Light has worked with Harvard Professor Michael Sandel to create a live global classroom in the fall of 2012. The live experience brought together students of Sandel's course Justice with those in China, India, Japan and Brazil with the furthest participating locations - Sao Paulo and Shanghai - over 11,500 miles away from each other. One of the live discussions featured philosopher Peter Singer joining the Harvard audience in Sanders Theater live from New York. The video recordings of the 2012 global classroom experiment were featured in Sandel's EdX massive open online course in 2013. In addition, Net Power & Light enabled Michael Sandel's course Justice for live interactive discussions worldwide via TogetherJustice iPad application which uses Net Power & Light's Spin platform.
This work was recognized by ComputerWorld's 2013 Honors program as one of the laureates in Mobile Access category. (see also coverage on BBC's What If? series)
Lemmey is on the faculty of the Arizona Center for Integrative Medicine at the University of Arizona and collaborates each year with Dr. Andrew Weil and Dr. Victoria Maizes on the Center’s annual public forum. In May 2011, Lemmey moderated the forum “Food and Health: Public Policy and Personal Choice” with Dr. Andrew Weil, Dr. Robert Lustig and Michael Pollan, held in San Francisco.
She has also been a visiting lecturer at Stanford, Harvard, MIT, Columbia, and U.C. Berkeley and has been published in Wired, Business Week, and the Harvard Business Review.
Awards and Honors.
MCP 1000: Most Creative People in Business
100 Most Creative People in Business in 2013
2013 ComputerWorld Honors Laureates (Mobile Access - Net Power & Light)

</doc>
<doc id="18477597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18477597" title="Veslehorn">
Veslehorn

Veslehorn, also written Veslehødn, is a mountain located in the Hemsedal municipality in Norway. It is a part of Hemsedal Top 20.

</doc>
<doc id="18477602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18477602" title="Ligdia adustata">
Ligdia adustata

The Scorched Carpet "(Ligdia adustata)" is a moth of the family Geometridae. It is found in Europe and the Near East.
The wingspan is 20–25 mm. The adults fly from April to August in two generations.
The larvae feed on spindle (Euonymus europaeus).

</doc>
<doc id="18477637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18477637" title="Gulbarga (Lok Sabha constituency)">
Gulbarga (Lok Sabha constituency)

Gulbarga Lok Sabha constituency () is one of the 28 Lok Sabha (constituencies) in Karnataka state in southern India. This constituency was created before the second general elections in 1957.
Assembly segments.
Presently, Gulbarga Lok Sabha constituency comprises the following eight Legislative Assembly segments:
Members of Parliament.
Mysore State:
Karnataka State:
References.
Election Commission of India -http://www.eci.gov.in/StatisticalReports/ElectionStatistics.asp

</doc>
<doc id="18477642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18477642" title="Storehorn">
Storehorn

Storehorn, also written Storehødn, is a mountain located in the Hemsedal municipality. It is a part of Hemsedal Top 20.

</doc>
<doc id="18477645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18477645" title="Cape Buor-Khaya">
Cape Buor-Khaya

The Buor-Khaya Cape, also known as Cape Buorkhaya, (; "Mys Buor-Khaya") is a headland in the Laptev Sea. It is located between the Buor-Khaya Gulf on the west and the Yana Bay on the east. It is a conspicuous headland and has an 11 m high light on a framework tower.
The sea in the area surrounding the cape is frozen for about nine months every year and often clogged with ice floes. On its eastern side there is a long semi-submerged landspit known as Kosa Buor-Khaya.
Administratively the Buor-Khaya Cape belongs to the Sakha Republic (Yakutia) of the Russian Federation. 

</doc>
<doc id="18477655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18477655" title="Guy Liddell">
Guy Liddell

Guy Maynard Liddell, CB, CBE, MC (8 November 1892 – 3 December 1958) was a British intelligence officer.
Biography.
Early life & career.
Liddell was born on 8 November 1892 at 64 Victoria Street, London, the son of Capt. Augustus Frederick Liddell RA, a retired Royal Artillery officer, and his wife Emily Shinner, who died when Liddell was eight years old. He was the younger brother of Capt. Cecil Frederick Joseph Liddell, who served as Head of MI5's Irish section from 1939, and David Edward Liddell; and was a second cousin of Alice Pleasance Liddell, the child friend of Lewis Carroll who was the basis for the books "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland" and "Through The Looking Glass".
He was a talented cellist in his youth and was studying in Germany for a career as a professional musician when World War I began. During the conflict, he served with the Royal Field Artillery and was awarded the Military Cross. After the war, Liddell joined Scotland Yard where, in liaison with Special Branch and the Foreign Office, he was involved in breaking a spy ring based around the All Russian Cooperative Society in London.
He married Hon. Calypso Baring, daughter of Cecil Baring, 3rd Baron Revelstoke of Membland, and Maude Louise Lorillard, on 7 April 1926. They had one son and three daughters; Peter Lorillard Liddell (9 Feb. 1927-Apr. 2004), Elizabeth Gay Liddell (born 28 Feb. 1928), Juno Liddell (29 Mar. 1930 – 13 Nov. 1968) and Maude Liddell (baptised Anne Jennifer Liddell) (16 May 1931).
He transferred to MI5 with his team in October 1931, where he became an expert on Soviet subversive activities within the UK and recruited agents, including his private secretary Dick Wright, and future head of B5(b) Maxwell Knight, in preparation for possible war with Germany. In 1936 he traveled to Washington where information he provided to FBI Director J. Edgar Hoover allowed the FBI to break a German spy-ring based around Gunther Rumrich.
World War II.
Following the outbreak of World War II, Prime Minister Winston Churchill sacked Director-General of MI5 Vernon Kell and in June 1940 Liddell was promoted to Director of B Division in charge of counter-espionage, where he appointed Dick Wright and Anthony Blunt to senior posts. Shortly after the new appointment, he was informed by Maxwell Knight of a suspected German spy-ring based around the Right Club of Archibald Ramsay and involving American cipher clerk Tyler Kent. Liddell met with U.S. Ambassador Joseph P. Kennedy Sr., who agreed to waive Kent’s diplomatic immunity and he was successfully prosecuted, along with his handler, Anna Wolkoff.
His agent, Duško Popov, provided an Abwehr questionnaire suggesting that the Japanese Air Force planned to attack the United States at Pearl Harbor. Popov was sent to FBI Director J. Edgar Hoover, who refused to take him seriously. Liddell was later criticized for not informing the Office of Naval Intelligence.
His unhappy marriage to Hon. Calypso Baring was dissolved in 1943 after she had left him and joined her half-brother Lorillard Suffern Tailer in America. He subsequently fought a long legal battle for custody of their children.
Later career.
Liddell was expected to succeed Director General of MI5, David Petrie, but was passed over when Home Secretary Herbert Morrison was informed by Ellen Wilkinson of rumors that he might be a double agent and was instead appointed Deputy-Director-General under Percy Sillitoe. These rumours were accentuated when his close friend Guy Burgess defected. He was also a known associate of other members of the Cambridge Five spy ring, Kim Philby and Anthony Blunt and in 1953 following an MI5 internal investigation he took early retirement and went to work as a security adviser to the Atomic Energy Authority. He died of heart failure in 1958 at his home, 18 Richmond Court, Sloane Street, London, and was buried at Putney Vale Cemetery. In 1979, Goronwy Rees confessed to having been a Soviet spy, and named Liddell as the Fifth Man. Papers released since have all but completely cleared him of the charge, with the general academic consensus being that he was naïve in his friendships with some of his work colleagues.
Wartime diaries.
Liddell kept an almost daily diary containing details of his work at MI5 throughout World War II, dictated to, typed up and indexed by his secretary, Margot Huggins. Military historian Rupert Allason, writing under the "nom de plume" of Nigel West, has edited Liddell’s wartime diaries for publication in two volumes.
In popular culture.
Liddell was portrayed by Angus Wright in the 2003 BBC Television drama "Cambridge Spies".

</doc>
<doc id="18477664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18477664" title="Paulo Ferreira (cyclist)">
Paulo Ferreira (cyclist)

Paulo José Ferreira dos Santos (born 11 May 1962 in Vialonga) was a Portuguese professional road bicycle racer. In 1984 Ferreira became the second Portuguese cyclist to win the 5th stage of the Tour de France.

</doc>
<doc id="18477679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18477679" title="Lutris Technologies">
Lutris Technologies

Lutris Technologies, Inc. was an enterprise software and services company based in Santa Cruz, California. 
History.
Lutris was founded by Paul Morgan and Michael Browder, two ex-employees of the Santa Cruz Operation about 1995, initially under the name of Information Refinery, Incorporated (IRI). The main business of the company was building web sites using the Java Platform, initially through consulting contracts. To facilitate the design and implementation of these web sites, the company built an Extensible Markup Language (XML) manipulation tool: XMLC, and Enhydra Server, a general purpose application server.
Initial venture capital funding of $10 million came in November 1999 from investors Chase Capital Partners and Chase H&Q (formerly Hambrecht & Quist).
A second round for a total of $15 million, announced in February 2000, included TransCosmos USA, and the Intel 64 Fund.
On August 23, 2000 an additional $16 million in funding was announced from Compaq and NEC.
Presidents included David H. Young and Yancy Lind.
The names were puns on "Enhydra lutris", the scientific name for the sea otter which inhabits nearby Monterey Bay.
The logo for Enhydra featured a sea otter with a cup of coffee (a further pun on the slang term "Java").
Enhydra Server.
Enhydra Server is a Java Platform, Standard Edition (Java SE) application server that was used on most Lutris-developed sites (including the Customatix project). In January 1999 Lutris created an open-source software community of related projects including Enhydra Server.
In October 1999, Lutris announced their intention to develop Enhydra Server v4 as an open-source enterprise-grade Java Platform, Enterprise Edition (Java EE) application server (later to be known as Enhydra Enterprise). There was considerable press interest in whether this was compatible with Sun Microsystem’s licensing model for Java EE, which was distributed under the Sun Community Source License (SCSL). In March 2000, Lutris launched a commercial, boxed Enhydra Server product including support. In late 1999, Lutris purchased InstantDB, a Java database management system distributed on a free-for-non-commercial-use basis developed Peter Hearty and a company called ICS.
Lutris announced their intent to distributed InstantDB as open-source. Enhydra Enterprise made its first beta release in April 2001. 
Intel published a reference architecture for the software.
By June 2001 the InstantDB project was removed from enhydra.org, and Lutris announced that the InstantDB code would not after all be open-sourced. The Enhydra Enterprise open source repository was shut down in September 2001, with Lutris management citing the Java EE SCSL conditions as the reason, which gave rise to frustration in the open source community.
Many community participants migrated to the fledgling JBoss project.
The end.
After the dot-com bubble burst, nearly all Lutris staff were laid off in waves from late 2001 to early 2002.
By April it was down from a high of about 190 employees in three buildings, to eight.
The company continued operation under a new name of Gridion, and developed a distributed high performance computing platform based on trading compute resources for grid computing. In April 2002, ObjectWeb, now known as the OW2 Consortium, took over hosting of Enhydra Server and Enhydra Enterprise.
In November 2003, Together Teamlosungen EDV-Dienstleistungen GmbH. acquired the copyrights to Enhydra Server and Enhydra Enterprise and released them under the GNU Lesser General Public License (LGPL).
The company was finally wound up sometime in 2005. 

</doc>
<doc id="18477731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18477731" title="Cheng Zhengkui">
Cheng Zhengkui

Chéng Zhèngkuí (Ch'eng Cheng-k'ui, traditional: 程正揆, simplified: 程正揆); ca. 1604-1670 was a Chinese landscape painter and poet during the Qing Dynasty (1644–1912).
Cheng was born in Xiaogan in the Hubei province. His style name was 'Ruibo' and his sobriquets were 'Jiuling and Qingxi daoren'. Cheng was taught by Dong Qichang and collaborated with Kun Can. His landscapes were painted using the side of the dry brush, in a pure and profound style. In poetry he produced the work "Qing Xi Left Script".

</doc>
<doc id="18477735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18477735" title="Shimshit">
Shimshit

Shimshit () is a secular communal settlement in northern Israel. Located to the north-west of Nazareth, it falls under the jurisdiction of Jezreel Valley Regional Council. In 2009 it had a population of 2,500.
The village was established in the summer of 2000, the Architect and entrepreneur of the village, as part of the "Galilee Progress", was Architect Zvi Springer who took power on the planning, managing and erection of the village when the ministry of housing gave up doing it, he was endorsed by the mayor of the municipality of Jezreel Valley Mula Chohen. Shimshit was named after the nearby archaeological tell.
Shimshit has been built under the philosophy of sustainability and keeping nature untouched.

</doc>
<doc id="18477754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18477754" title="Pascal Jules">
Pascal Jules

Pascal Jules (22 July 1961, in La Garenne-Colombes – 25 October 1987, in Bernay) was a French professional road bicycle racer.
Career.
Jules was a close friend of Laurent Fignon whom he road with at Renault-Elf between 1982 and 1985. Jules won one stage in the 1984 Tour de France. With Fignon, Marc Madiot and Greg Lemond, Jules was part of a quartet in that Renault team who were keen to succeed the legendary Bernard Hinault. However, after been thrown back by injury and a fight with team director Cyrille Guimard, he joined Marino Lejarreta's Seat-Orbea team.
Death.
He died in 1987 following a car crash in Normandy, after returning from a football match for a charitable association.
In his autobiography entitled Nous étions jeunes et insouciants ("We were young and carefree") Laurent Fignon remembers Pascal Jules by saying: 
"“It was unsaid but there was a pact of kinship between us which was so strong, so inviolable, almost sacred, that it would last as long as life lasted. But some lives don't last that long.”"
Personal life.
Jules was the father of Justin Jules, who became a professional cyclist himself.
Palmarès.
Grand Tours overall classification results timeline.
WD = Withdrew

</doc>
<doc id="18477771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18477771" title="Bidar (Lok Sabha constituency)">
Bidar (Lok Sabha constituency)

Bidar Lok Sabha constituency () is one of the 28 Lok Sabha (parliamentary) constituencies in Karnataka state in southern India. This constituency came into existence in 1962. It was reserved for the candidates belonging to the Scheduled castes till 2008. It comprises the entire Bidar district and part of Gulbarga district.
Assembly segments.
Bidar Lok Sabha constituency presently comprises the following eight Legislative Assembly segments:
Members of Parliament.
Mysore State:
Karnataka State:

</doc>
<doc id="18477775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18477775" title="Sean Tevis">
Sean Tevis

Sean Tevis (born , in Lawrence, Kansas, USA) of Olathe, Kansas, was a Democratic candidate for Kansas House of Representatives District 15 representing the city of Olathe against incumbent Arlen Siegfreid.
On June 10, 2010, the Associated Press and local media, including "The Kansas City Star", reported that Tevis was one of three candidates who had officially filed for the Democratic Party nomination in Kansas's 2nd congressional district. The filing deadline in Kansas for primary ballot access occurred on June 10, 2010 at noon Central Standard Time.
Early career.
Tevis attended Shawnee Mission West High School where he was elected Class President for two years before losing the election for Student Body President his senior year to friend and future actor Paul Rudd. Tevis majored in Journalism at the University of Kansas. Subsequently he worked as a journalist for The Palm Beach Post and The Miami Herald. He helped start an internet business in 1999 and worked for three years for the municipal government of the city of Coconut Creek, Florida. He currently works as an Interaction Designer for Cerner Corporation, a Healthcare IT company headquartered in Kansas City. He has been married to his wife for fourteen years.
Political career.
Tevis's platform includes abolishing the sales tax on food, raising teacher pay, and protecting an individual's right to privacy. 2008 marked his first run for political office.
Tevis lost his 2008 race for the Kansas House of Representatives in the 15th district against Arlen H. Siegfreid by 425 votes out of 10,103 cast with all 22 precincts reporting. He generated media attention to the campaign with an online ad that pays homage to the web-comic xkcd. He raised $109,581.45 between July 16, 2008 and October 23, 2008, mostly from more than 5,700 online donors. At the time, this was significantly more than any other candidate for the Kansas House of Representatives had ever raised, with the next highest total being that of fellow Democrat Raj Goyle with $96,104. Possibly in reaction to this fund-raising tactic, Kansas State Representative Scott Schwab introduced a bill that was nicknamed the "Sean Tevis bill" which would have required candidates to report the names and addresses of contributors who give less than $50 to a political campaign.
2009.
On May 6, 2009, Tevis announced he would re-run for the State Legislature using another XKCD-style cartoon that chronicled his activities since Election Day the previous year. Posting the new comic to his campaign Web site, Tevis used only his Twitter account to publicize the announcement. In less than three days, Tevis had garnered national headlines and started, in earnest, to once again raise money for his November 2010 campaign against the district's incumbent.
2010 Congressional Race.
On June 22, 2010, Tevis officially kicked off his campaign for Congress in Topeka, Kansas. Tevis announced that he had an idea that could "reduce the effects of special interests...and end unhealthy partisanship." The initiative was titled "American Nations". Tevis said this "movement" would require the participation of 2 million people. During his press conference, Tevis touched on health care reform, saying, "I think a public option would work. I just don't necessarily think that it's right. And I probably would not have voted for a public option."

</doc>
<doc id="18477787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18477787" title="Ducie">
Ducie

Ducie may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18477790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18477790" title="Melco International Development">
Melco International Development

Melco International Development Limited (), formerly The Macao Electric Lighting Company Limited, is one of the 100 oldest companies in Hong Kong. It was founded in 1910 and was among the first 100 companies established in Hong Kong. It was listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in 1927. It engages in leisure, gambling and entertainment, technology, and property businesses in Hong Kong, Macau, and the Philippines. 
The chairman of Melco is Lawrence Ho, the son of Dr. Stanley Ho, a Hong Kong and Macau billionaire.
In 2004, the company entered a joint venture with the Australian gaming company Crown Limited to establish Melco Crown Entertainment Limited (Melco Crown). In 2011, Melco Crown acquired a 60% interest in Macau Studio City, a large-scale integrated resort project on Cotai, Macau.

</doc>
<doc id="18477792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18477792" title="Molecular mixology">
Molecular mixology

Molecular mixology is the term applied to the process of creating cocktails using the equipment and techniques of molecular gastronomy. 
These methods enable the creation of greater intensities and varieties of flavour, flavour combinations and different ways of presenting drinks, for example using gels, powders, foams, atomised sprays etc., as well as affecting the appearance of the cocktail
History.
The Art of Drink website suggests that the earliest example of what we now call molecular mixology is the long-established bartending practice of layering ingredients in cocktails. This experimentation with the density and viscosity of fluids uses the principles of scientific investigation that are fundamental to molecular mixology.
Equipment.
The equipment used in molecular mixology can range from comparatively simple items such as blowtorches (frequently used in restaurant cooking) to more specialised items such as a vacuum sealer, a device for combining and infusing ingredients in a vacuum and thus preserving their flavours and enhancing the finished product. These infusions allow unexpected combinations of flavours in cocktails, including flavourings from non-edible substances, such as tobacco and leather (found in the Smoked Old Fashioned cocktail) and perfume (as in the Champagne No.5).Another machine which is used by the best mixologists is the Rotavap. This is a vacuum rotary distillation setup, which allows the extraction of aromas, low temperature reduction of juices and the production of flavored spirits.
Techniques.
The techniques used by a mixologist are mostly bound to the new equipment which is provided by the molecular gastronomy. They are, for the most part, adaptions of new techniques for food preparation, for example: airs were originally created for food applications, but nowadays you can find aires on top of cocktails.
Spherification.
The spherification is one of the techniques applied to molecular mixology, is the culinary process of shaping a liquid into spheres, they can be small like a caviar or larger like an egg yolk.

</doc>
<doc id="18477802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18477802" title="CZW Tournament of Death">
CZW Tournament of Death

The Tournament of Death is an annual professional wrestling tournament organised by Combat Zone Wrestling since 2002, during which a number of wrestlers compete in various deathmatches in (for the most part) a single-elimination tournament which is similar to World Wrestling Entertainment's King of the Ring tournament. These tournaments include the typical weapons used in hardcore wrestling such as barbed wire, nails, thumbtacks, fire, and light tubes, and are known for their large amount of blood loss.
Notable entrants in the Tournament of Death have included Necro Butcher, Ian Rotten, Corporal Robinson, Nick Mondo, Ruckus, Eddie Kingston and Mickie Knuckles (the only female entrant to date) and Japanese deathmatch legend Abdullah Kobayashi. Many of the cards have also included non-tournament matches featuring top independent wrestlers such as Sonjay Dutt, Nick Berk, Trent Acid, The Blackout and B-Boy.
Tournament of Death I.
August 31, 2002 saw the first annual CZW Tournament of Death Tournament, held in Dover, Delaware. Non-tournament matches included Green Phantom & Arsenal defeated The Hardcore Ninjaz and a tag scramble match which saw The Backseat Boyz defeat Derek Frasier & Sonjay Dutt, Jon Dahmer & Towel Boy and The New School, as well as a Three Way Dance in which Ruckus defeated Justice Pain and Nick Berk.
On winning the tournament, Wifebeater became the CZW Death Match Champion, however, the title was vacated on November 9, 2002 upon his retirement.
"Competitors"
Final.
†Both men were attacked by Lobo, Rockin Rebel, Z-Barr, Adam Flash, & Danny Rose. Lobo then entered Flash into the tournament and challenged anyone in the locker room. The Messiah returned and defeated Flash with Carlito's Way
Tournament of Death II.
July 26, 2003 saw the second CZW Tournament of Death, again held in Dover, Delaware. Non-tournament matches included Trent Acid pinning Z-Barr, Johnny Kashmere pinning Nick Berk, and a tag match in which B-Boy & Messiah defeated Sonjay Dutt & Ruckus. Although Nick Mondo won the tournament, due to the injuries he sustained he had to vacate his CZW Iron Man Championship afterwards.
"Competitors"
Tournament of Death III.
On July 24, 2004, the third CZW Tournament of Death (subtitled Banned...My Ass) was held in Smyrna, Delaware. This year there were no non-tournament matches held, however, the number of entrants rose from eight to twelve (including representatives of Canada's International Wrestling Syndicate).
"Competitors"
↑ Ruckus entered as a substitute for John Zandig
Final.
‡ Sexxxy Eddy was taken to hospital following the match after suffering a wound to the arm, and so could not compete in the final
Tournament of Death IV.
On July 30, 2005, the fourth CZW Tournament of Death took place in New Castle, Delaware. This year's show included a non-tournament Ultraviolent Student Battle Royal, won by WHACKS. As well as featuring Gypsy Joe as special guest referee for the tournament final. After the final, as Necro Butcher had eliminated the then CZW Ultraviolent Underground Champion Zandig, he was awarded the title.
"Competitors" in the Ultraviolent Student Battle Royal
"Competitors"
↑ Robbie Mireno and Eddie Kingston entered as one, losing to Zandig in a first round handicap match Joker came out and help Zandig
Tournament of Death V.
The fifth CZW Tournament of Death was held in Smyrna, Delaware on July 29, 2006. The format changed slightly for this show, with the first round matches being three-way elimination matches, the second round matches being 4-way double elimination matches, and the final being a single elimination 4 way match. Non-tournament matches included The Blackout (Ruckus & Robbie Mireno) defeating Drew Gulak & Jimmy Dream, and Kylie defeating former ECW star Chad Austin.
"Competitors"
Tournament of Death VI.
Tournament of Death VI returned to Smyrna, Delaware on June 9, 2007. This was a 12 man tournament, with non-tournament matches including Team AnDrew (Andy Sumner & Drew Gulak) defeating the then CZW Tag Team Champions The Blackout (Ruckus & Sabian) in a non-title match.
"Competitors"
Round One.
†Necrobutcher was originally scheduled to face Mitch Ryder but he could not make it due to travel issues
Tournament of Death: Fast Forward.
Tournament of Death: Fast Forward took place September 15, 2007. It was a mini-TOD for the vacant Ultraviolent Underground title.
"Competitors"
Tournament of Death VII.
Tournament of Death VII took place for the third year in a row in Smyrna, Delaware, on May 17, 2008 and marked the first time a female competitor had entered the tournament. It included a non-tournament match between The Blackout (Ruckus & Sabian) and Joe Gacy & Alex Colon. Attendance was reported as 527.
"Competitors"
Round One.
↑Ram was Mickey Rourke's stunt double during the taping of "The Wrestler" movie and served as Dylan Summer's stunt double in this match
Tournament of Death VIII.
Tournament of Death VIII took place on June 6, 2009 at the Ultraviolent Underground in Townsend, Delaware. Attendance was around 800.
"Competitors"
Tournament of Death: Rewind.
Tournament of Death: Rewind took place on October 25, 2009, after being postponed due to weather issues from the day before, at the Ultraviolent Underground in Townsend, Delaware. The Ultraviolent Underground title was on the line throughout the tournament. Attendance was about 150.
"Competitors"
Tournament of Death IX.
Tournament of Death 9 was held on June 26, 2010, at the Ultraviolent Underground in Townsend, Delaware.Non Tournament matches were Brain Damage defeated Drake Younger in a "sit and hit" Tai Pei deathmatch and Sami Callihan and Joe Gacy defeated Greg Excellent and DJ Hyde in an Ultraviolent Tag Team Fans Bring the Weapons Falls Count Anywhere Deathmatch. Attendance was around 1,000.
"Competitors"
Tournament of Death vs. Gorefest.
Tournament of Death vs. Gorefest was held on November 11, 2010, in Oberhausen, Germany.Non Tournament matches were Jon Moxley defeated Devon Moore in a match for the CZW World Heavyweight Title, Big Van Walter defeated 2-Face in a match for the wXw World Heavyweight Title, Adam Cole, Drew Gulak, Karsten Beck & Blk Jeez defeat Zack Sabre Jr., Greg Excellent, Bernd Föhr & Rich Swann in an 8-man tag inter-promotional showcase, and Sami Callihan defeated Carnage. Attendance was around 356.
"Competitors"
Round Three.
†Nick Gage received the Ultraviolent Underground Title after defeating Adam Polak
‡Nick Gage successfully defended the Ultraviolent Underground title against Jon Ryan
±Nick Gage successfully defended the Ultraviolent Underground title against Masada
Tournament of Death X.
Tournament of Death X took place on June 25, 2011 at the Ultraviolent Underground in Townsend, Delaware. Non tournament action saw Devon Moore and Little Mondo lose to Philly's Most Wanted, and DJ Hyde vs. Greg Excellent vs. Sami Callihan became Sami Callihan def. Greg Excellent the loser became DJ's slave.
"Competitors"
Tournament of Death XI.
The tournament was held June 23, 2012 in Townsend, DE.
"Competitors"
Tournament of Death: Europe.
This tournament was held November 4, 2012 in Germany in front of an audience of 357. In non-tournament action Jay Skillet def. Karsten Beck taking Match 5 of the Jay Skillet Trial Series, OI4K def. Gridiron, Are$ def. Robert Dreissker, and Jonathan Gresham def. Alex Colon qualifying for the 2013 wXw 16 Carat Gold Tournament.
"Competitors"
Finals.
No Ropes Barbed Wire, 200 Light Tubes Elimination Death Match: MASADA def. DJ Hyde, Drake Younger and Matt Tremont
Tournament of Death 12.
Happened June 8, 2013 in Townsend, DE @ the Ultraviolent Underground. In Non- Tournament action Drake Younger defeated Devon Moore in a Scaffold Match, Drew Gulak vs. Chris Dickinson went to a no contest as both men attacked Masada, & Sami Callihan vs. Greg Excellent ended with DJ Hyde getting a watermelon smashed over his head and was Callihan's last match in CZW.
"Competitors:"
Tournament of Death 13.
This event will be held in 2014, and has been cited as being a "BJW vs. CZW" show.
"Competitors:"

</doc>
<doc id="18477812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18477812" title="Starbreaker (band)">
Starbreaker (band)

Starbreaker is a heavy metal/hard rock band signed on Frontiers Records. The band has released two full-length studio albums.
Band history.
Starbreaker started as vocalist Tony Harnell's side project while he was still in TNT, after recording the TNT album "All the Way to the Sun" in 2005. Initially, Harnell was working on a solo record, but with guitarist Magnus Karlsson, former TNT drummer John Macaluso, and bassist Fabrizio Grossi, they formed the new band Starbreaker, rather than a Harnell solo project.
The band recorded its first self-titled studio album in 2005, and it was released on July 13, 2005. After the release of the album, Harnell went back to being the lead vocalist of TNT, but left the band in April 2006 to spend some more time with his family while still writing songs. In late 2007, with Starbreaker as his main musical project, he flew to Sweden to write the bulk of the songs for the new album with Karlsson, and started recording the new songs at the end of the year. The second album was entitled "Love's Dying Wish", and was released on August 1, 2008. The album featured new bassist Jonni Lightfoot, who replaced Grossi, and was produced by Harnell and Karlsson, with producer Tommy Hansen (TNT, Pretty Maids, Helloween) as the mixer.

</doc>
<doc id="18477822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18477822" title="Timrat">
Timrat

Timrat (, "lit." Date) is a communal settlement in northern Israel. Located in the Lower Galilee near Nahalal, it falls under the jurisdiction of Jezreel Valley Regional Council. In 2007 it had a population of 1,700.
The village was established in 1981, though the site had previously been the location of kibbutz Timorim, which was established in 1948, but moved to the centre of the country in 1954 due to a shortage of land.
The village is situated near the historic tell Shimron, which is the northernmost point of a natural winterthorn population.

</doc>
<doc id="18477835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18477835" title="Language intensity">
Language intensity

Most investigators accept the definition of language intensity proposed by John Waite Bowers: a quality of language that "indicates the degree to which the speaker's attitude toward a concept deviates from neutrality." Intensity as a lexical variable in communication studies has generated extensive empirical research.
Theoretical setting.
A theory proposed by Bradac, Bowers, and Courtright (1979, 1980) asserts causal relationships among intensity and a number of other psychological, social, and communication variables. An experimental study by Hamilton, Hunter, and Burgoon (1990) generally supports the relationships proposed by the theory at least in the limited domain of persuasion.
Intensity has been related to:

</doc>
<doc id="18477841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18477841" title="Pascal Poisson">
Pascal Poisson

Pascal Poisson (born 29 June 1958 in Plancoët) was a French professional road bicycle racer.

</doc>
<doc id="18477844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18477844" title="Deng Shiru">
Deng Shiru

Deng Shirú (Teng Shih-ju, traditional: 鄧石如, simplified: 邓石如); ca. 1739/1743-1805 was a Chinese calligrapher during the Qing Dynasty (1644–1912). 
Deng was born in Huaining in the Anhui province. His style name was 'Wanbo' and his sobriquets were 'Wanbai shanren, Wan bai, Guhuan, Gu wanzi, Youji daoren, Fenshui yuzhang, and Longshan qiaozhang'. Deng studied at the Shen Chun Academy. He later learned the art of Seal cutting. 

</doc>
<doc id="18477857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18477857" title="Nick Bawlf">
Nick Bawlf

Nicholas "Nick" Bawlf (January 4, 1884 – June 6, 1947) was a Canadian ice hockey player, ice hockey coach, and lacrosse coach. He played in the National Hockey Association (NHA) for the Haileybury Comets, Montreal Canadiens, Montreal Wanderers and Toronto Shamrocks.
Playing career.
Born in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Bawlf first played senior amateur hockey for Winnipeg of the Manitoba Senior Hockey League in 1903. In 1905, he moved to Ottawa to study at Ottawa College, playing for three seasons with the College. He contracted Typhoid Fever in 1907 and did not play that season. He became a professional with Haileybury in 1910. He played two seasons for the club, the first in the NHA and the second in the Timiskaming Professional Hockey League (TPHL) after the club left the NHA. In 1911–12, he played for Fort William of the Northern Ontario Hockey League, before returning to the NHA with the Toronto Shamrocks. He was released in mid-season from the Shamrocks and joined the Canadiens. The following season he joined the Wanderers before leaving to enlist in the army.
After his time in the army ended, he became coach at Queen's University of Kingston, Ontario. In 1920, he joined Cornell University where he coached until 1947. Bawlf also coached the Cornell lacrosse team from 1920 until 1939.

</doc>
<doc id="18477863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18477863" title="Nathaniel Mellors">
Nathaniel Mellors

Nathaniel Mellors (born 1974, Doncaster, England) is a British artist and musician.
Life and work.
He studied at the Ruskin School of Drawing and Fine Art, the University of Oxford and the Royal College of Art. 
Mellors makes installations "packed with ad hoc sculpture, psychedelic theatre and absurdist, satirical film". Mellors output includes installation, sculpture, film and video, music, performance, collage, painting, prints and critical writing.
His work in the show "Art Now: The Way in Which it Landed", curated by Ryan Gander at Tate Britain in 2008, was "Thinking Rock Speaks", an empty speech bubble made of steel attached to a lump of alabaster. Jonathan Griffin in "Frieze" magazine said that Mellors "gets the last laugh ... Sometimes there really is just nothing to say." 
In 2002 Mellors co-founded Junior Aspirin Records, a not-for-profit record label releasing music by artists in limited editions. Mellors plays bass in the art-rock group Skill 7 Stamina 12 with Dan Fox, Ashley Marlowe and Maaike Schoorel, and has also released music with Toilet, God in Hackney, Mysterius Horse and under his own name.
In 2009 at the South London Gallery, he put on a one night stage version of his film, "The Time Surgeon". Jessica Lack in "The Guardian" described the variety of styles and genres in his films, "skimming off a wide range of artistic references from prog rock to hit TV series "The Prisoner", with which he creates brilliantly offbeat installations".
He was represented in the Tate Trienniel 2009, "Altermodern", by a work "Giantbum 2009", based on a story written by him about a party of medieval explorers who lose their way in the body of a giant. The work used film and animatronic heads. Adrian Searle in "The Guardian" said:
The work was also exhibited at the Stedelijk Museum, Amsterdam, and a variant of it at Centro Cultural Montehermoso in Vitoria-Gasteiz.
In summer 2009, Mellors was commissioned by the BBC to make a short "work of modern art" to introduce the final episode of the cultural history series "The Seven Ages of Britain", presented by David Dimbleby and directed by Jonty Claypole. The resultant work "The Seven Ages of Britain Teaser" featured Dimbleby voicing a silicon mask cast from his own face, alongside actors Gwendoline Christie (as 'The Operator') and Johnny Vivash (as 'Kadmus'). The work was broadcast on BBC One on 21 March 2010 and can be viewed on the BBC "Seven Ages of Britain" website.
Mellors is represented by Matt's Gallery, London; Galerie Diana Stigter, Amsterdam; and Monitor Video & Contemporary Art, Rome. 
He lives and works in Los Angeles, Amsterdam, the Netherlands, London & Yorkshire, UK. 
In September 2011, Mellors selected a playlist of music that inspires him in his work. 
"Music was my way into art school. I was involved in music from my very early teens - tape collage and improvising with a microphone and an analogue delay pedal with friends. We had no technical ability at all. It was great! The experience of improvising with sound has been a handy touchstone ever since in terms of approaching art making. His playlist includes Sonny Sharrock, GZA, Country Teasers and The Notorious BIG.

</doc>
<doc id="18477874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18477874" title="The Artist (magazine)">
The Artist (magazine)

The Artist is Britain’s longest-established practical art magazine, first launched in 1931. It is published monthly by The Artists’ Publishing Company from their offices in Tenterden, Kent, and costs £3.30 per issue. It is available to buy from newsagents. Sally Bulgin has been editor of the magazine since 1986.
1930s and '40s editions of the magazine are notable for instructional articles by artists such as Dorothea Sharpe, Terrick Williams and Adrian Hill. In addition, each issue would profile an 'Artist of Note', subjects for this being as diverse as John Piper, Stanhope Forbes, Vanessa Bell, Edward Bawden and Terence Cuneo. Articles on commercial art, such as poster design, were contributed by John Bee, Gregory Brown, Frank Newbould and others.
Early editions of the magazine had a generic, and rather dull cover design, but by the late 1950s, artwork by noted artists such as John Minton and John Bratby was being used. The design changed again in the 1960s, when photographs of paintings from the Old Masters to modernists featured.
"The Artist" magazine is written by artists for artists, and provides committed painters, both experienced amateurs and professionals, with projects and exercises designed to improve painting technique, and practical guidance on the technical aspects and use of art materials. Issues have features written by artists such as Judi Whitton, Jenny Wheatley, Tom Robb, Soraya French, Delia Cardnell, Liz Seward Relfe, Ray Balkwill. Artist profiles, masterclasses and interviews give an insight into the working methods of leading professional artists.
The magazine has features, news and reviews, reports on art materials and new products, exhibitions and competitions to enter, hints and tips on the business side of being an artist and selling work, books, opportunities, courses and holidays for the artist.
The publication is popular with art clubs, and also has a website which was launched in September 2007, [http://www.painters-online.co.uk]. Painters-Online is a growing online community and has many interactive features including a forum for sharing experiences and advice; blogs; a gallery to upload images of visitors’ drawings and paintings; a searchable database of art clubs and art tutors, and many other helpful areas for those interested in art.

</doc>
<doc id="18477886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18477886" title="Pierre-Henri Menthéour">
Pierre-Henri Menthéour

Pierre-Henri Menthéour (Algiers, 9 May 1960) was a French professional road bicycle racer, who won one stage in the 1984 Tour de France.

</doc>
<doc id="18477898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18477898" title="Les Aventures de Pélée">
Les Aventures de Pélée

Les Aventures de Pélée (fr: "The Adventures of Peleus"; ru: "Приключения Пелея") (a.k.a. "Les Noces de Thétis et Pélée") is a ballet in three acts and five scenes, with choreography by Marius Petipa and music by Ludwig Minkus, with additional music adapted from the airs of works by Léo Delibes. Libretto by Marius Petipa, derived from the Greek Myth concerning the Goddess Thetis and the circumstances surrounding her marriage, arranged by Jupiter (or Zeus), to the mortal Peleus.
First presented by the Imperial Ballet on at the Imperial Bolshoi Kammeny Theatre in St. Petersburg, Russia. "Principal Dancers - "Eugeniia Sokolova (as the Goddess Thetis), Pavel Gerdt (as Peleus), Lyubov Savitskaya (as Cupid), Mariia Gorshenkova (as Venus), Christian Johansson (as Jupiter), Lev Ivanov (as Adonis), and Platon Karsavin (as Triton).

</doc>
<doc id="18477904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18477904" title="West Market Street United Methodist Church">
West Market Street United Methodist Church

West Market Street United Methodist Church is one of the oldest churches in Greensboro North Carolina, over 175 years old; West Market is located in downtown Greensboro across from the courthouse. West Market is a relatively large church with approximately 2000 members, though not all are active. The current sanctuary was completed in 1893, the third sanctuary built by the congregation. Today the church has grown, with a larger wing adjacent to the sanctuary, and other properties held at other locations. The current Pastor is David Melton, with associate pastors Pam Strader, Scott Nowlan, Pat Spicer, Tom Shriver, Ginger Shields, Erin Althaus, and Bill Ellison.
History.
The congregation dates back to the 1820s, 12 years after the founding of Greensboro. They met in a male academy, which continued until 1830, when they bought a lot, and by 1831, had a small, two story building. This building was the first church building built in the Greensboro area. The congregation was around 60 members at this time. 
Shortly after this a female school was established across the street from the church. A new church was completed in 1851. This church was the first to be known as "West Market Church", and the congregation was now approaching 200. 
The congregation now, having built two different churches, decided to build a third, and in 1893, the current sanctuary was completed, being dedicated in 1901, when the debt was paid.
In 1930, it was reported that the congregation had reached almost 2000 members. Around this time, an Episcopal church, which had separated from West Market Street, re-joined the church. In 1951, construction began on the education building that currently adorns the property. 
In 1953 the building was dedicated. The total cost of the project was $53,000, almost the same cost as the sanctuary itself had cost in 1893. In 1962, construction of the Leak Chapel began, as did work on the church office building. 
In 1968, the current name of West Market Street United Methodist Church was adopted. The church has since undergone a number of smaller renovations to it.
Services.
The church currently has three services, all on Sunday. They consist of: a traditional, "early service" at 8:30 am every Sunday; a contemporary service at 9:40 am; and a traditional "late service" at 10:55 am. 
The latter is the most visited. The church hosts a wide variety of services that are unique to a specific holiday or time in the church year. These includes a Christmas service, an Easter service, and services during the week preceding Easter. 
The church also hosts a variety of events that, while not necessarily services in that they lack a sermon, are well attended and feature a wide variety of music celebrating Christian customs or values. 
The church hosts a "Tuesday Music" that is jazz music played in the sanctuary. While both of the traditional services are hosted in the sanctuary, the contemporary service is held in the Fellowship Hall. A contemporary service used to be held on Saturday nights; however this was ended, shortly before the establishment of the current contemporary service.
Music.
Music for both of the traditional services is performed by both a choir and an organ. Occasionally, other instruments are added into songs, mainly for special occasions such as Easter. The choir is a sizeable one, with around 20 regular participants. 
Music for the contemporary service is provided by a band, made up of youth from the church, and members. The instruments used are those that are associated with modern rock music i.e., drums, guitar, bass, piano. 
The music played is mainly Christian rock, with some more classical tones occasionally being added. The church also hosts regular concert events ranging from jazz to classical music. 
One example, the Jazz Nativity is a very well attended event, drawing both members and non-members alike. A children’s choir is also a large part of the music program, with performances being held mainly during the later traditional service.
Outreach.
Outreach for West Market Street ranges from local to international work. Mission work locally is done in a variety of ways and places, such as supporting Greensboro Urban Ministries, participating in Agents of Grace, building houses for Habitat for Humanity, and providing services to Washington Elementary School. Outreach at the church has grown considerably in the past few years and has expanded to many new places, both within the local community and outside it. Global outreach at West Market has also grown in the past few years. Teams from the church have been to several countries including, Bulgaria, Costa Rica, Mexico, and Guatemala. This has led to strong international ties between West Market Street and many other churches throughout the world. 
An exploratory trip to Africa is being planned. The mission work is done by a wide range of members, including youth at the church.
Youth.
Youth Ministry at West Market encompasses young adults between the grades of 6 and 12. The youth ministry has grown in recent years, currently encompassing around 40 active members. Youth ministry at West Market is done in a variety of ways: Sunday school, youth group, and mission work. Youth Ministry is typically separated into two groups, the senior highs, and the middle schoolers. The two groups participate in separate mission work and Sunday school, however both groups participate in youth group. Recent trips that have been undertaken include a trip to Guatemala and New York City. Youth at the LOFT is by far the best youth program in Greensboro.
Future.
West Market has undergone several projects to expand its facilities as well as its mission work. Currently plans are underway to begin renovating a property to serve as a space for a coffee shop, a space for the youth, and other undecided uses. If all goes as planned, this space could open up over a span of the next few years. Further mission work is underway, including trips to Africa to explore possibilities of sending more teams at a later time. One goal that the church has established for its outreach program is to have a presence in every populated continent. The contemporary service has greatly expanded recently, and growing it is a continued focus of the church.

</doc>
<doc id="18477935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18477935" title="Tom Whiteside">
Tom Whiteside

Derek Thomas "Tom" Whiteside FBA (23 July 1932 – 22 April 2008) was a British historian of mathematics. He was the foremost authority on the work of Isaac Newton and editor of the eight volumes of the mathematical papers of Isaac Newton. From 1987 to his retirement in 1999, he was the Professor of History of Mathematics and Exact Sciences at Cambridge University. Anyone interested in this topic should read Whiteside's 19 page nontechnical account, "Newton the Mathematician". In this essay he describes Newton's mathematical development starting in secondary school. You learn there, for example, that by far the most important influence on Newton's mathematical development was Book II of René Descartes's "La Géométrie." Book II is devoted to a problem that had been considered and partly solved by Pappus of Alexandria and Apollonius of Perga. Descartes completely solved the problem, inventing new mathematics as needed. The problem is this: Given n lines L, with points P(L) on them, find the locus of points Q, such that the lengths of the line segments QP(C) satisfy certain conditions. For example, if n = 4, given lines a, b, c, and d and a point A on a, B on b, and so on, find the locus of points Q such that the product QA*QB equals the product QC*QD. When the lines are not all parallel, Pappus had shown that the locus of points Q was a conic section. Descartes considered larger n, allowing some lines to be parallel, and he obtained cubic and higher degree curves. He was able to do this by producing the equation that the points of Q satisfy, using the Cartesian coordinate system. The rest of Book II is occupied with showing that the cubic curves arise naturally in the study of optics from the Snell-Descartes Law. Newton saw this as breaking away from the 2000 year old confinement to conics into modern mathematics. (He also developed an interest in optics.) Newton was inspired to undertake the classification of cubic curves, and he identified 72 of the 78 different species.
Tom Whiteside had two children Simon and Philippa with his wife Ruth.

</doc>
<doc id="18477942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18477942" title="FC Shakhtar-3 Donetsk">
FC Shakhtar-3 Donetsk

FC Shakhtar-3 Donetsk is a Ukrainian football team based in Donetsk, Ukraine. The team has been featured in the Ukrainian Second Division, is the 3rd squad team or junior team from the FC Shakhtar Donetsk franchise.
Like most tributary teams, the best players are sent up to the senior team or reserve team that competes in the Premier Reserve League. Meanwhile developing other junior players for further call-ups. The team consists of Shakhtar's players whose average age is less than 20—In essence the club's future. The players usually progress to this team through the Shakhtar Donetsk youth system. Shakhtar-3 train alongside the first and youth teams at Kirsha Training Centre
Current squad.
Current squad as of March 1, 2012

</doc>
<doc id="18477959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18477959" title="USS Helenita (YP-2230)">
USS Helenita (YP-2230)

USS "Helenita" (YP-2230) was a motorboat acquired by the U.S. Navy during World War I. She was configured as a district patrol craft, and was used to patrol the Norfolk, Virginia, waterways. She was then loaned to the city of Norfolk before eventually being sold as excess to needs.
Built as a motorboat.
The second military vessel to be so named by the U.S. Navy, "Helenita" was a small wooden motor boat acquired by the Navy in 1919, probably from the Marine Aviation Corps. 
World War I service.
She was used as a district patrol craft in the 5th Naval District, Norfolk, Virginia, from February to August 1919.
On loan to Norfolk, Virginia.
In August 1919 she was transferred to the City of Norfolk, Virginia, Department of Public Safety. Transferred 30 August, "Helenita" served the city until 1 December 1922, when she was returned to the Navy at Norfolk. 
Final disposition.
She was finally sold to H. W. Bleckley, Milwaukee, Wisconsin, 22 June 1923.

</doc>
<doc id="18477968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18477968" title="Fan Qi">
Fan Qi

Fan Qi (Fan Ch'i, traditional: 樊圻, simplified: 樊圻; 1616–1694); was a Chinese landscape painter during the Qing Dynasty (1644–1912), one of the Eight Masters of Nanjing. His specific years of birth and death are unknown.
Fan was born in Jiangning in the Jiangsu province. His style name was 'Huigong'. Fan specialized in paintings of landscapes, flowers, and human figures.

</doc>
<doc id="18477986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18477986" title="List of Blade of the Immortal chapters">
List of Blade of the Immortal chapters

This is a listing of all chapters of "Blade of the Immortal", organized into the original Japanese volumes published by Kodansha, and the English-language volumes published by Dark Horse Comics. The English-language volumes do not directly correspond to the Japanese ones.
__TOC__

</doc>
<doc id="18477987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18477987" title="Kil'ayim">
Kil'ayim

Kil'ayim may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18477995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18477995" title="Parapaguridae">
Parapaguridae

The Parapaguridae are a family of terrestrial hermit crabs. Their gill chambers function as lungs. Some genera, such as "Bivalvopagurus" and "Tylaspis", do not inhabit shells. The following genera are included:

</doc>
<doc id="18478022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478022" title="Sitting Ducks (TV series)">
Sitting Ducks (TV series)

Sitting Ducks is a children's animated television series based on the lithograph and the 1998 children's book, "Sitting Ducks", created by Michael Bedard.
"Sitting Ducks" first appeared in 2001 in Europe, later debuting in North America on Cartoon Network, in Australia on ABC, in Canada on YTV, in the United Kingdom on Nickelodeon, CITV, Disney XD and in the Japanese version of Cartoon Network. The show lasted for two seasons each comprising 13 episodes, with the last episode shown on July 5, 2003. Reruns of the show were aired on Qubo in 2007 and was later aired as part of its Qubo Night Owl block until June 30, 2012. Episodes are also currently available for viewing on Hulu and Netflix.
Background.
The show takes place in a town called Ducktown and focuses on a Duck named Bill and his best friend Aldo, an Alligator from the neighboring town of Swampwood. As ducks are a favorite snack of the alligators, Bill and Aldo's friendship is rather unusual. The pair usually end up in varied situations and adventures, getting around on Bill's scooter.
Merchandise.
"Sitting Ducks" proved to be a big hit with the European children's show market, and as a result toys, clothing and other merchandise were created. The entire series is also available on Hulu.com, a free video streaming service
Print.
The cartoon itself also spawned a couple of books. "Quacking Up" is a joke book written by Rick Walton featuring the characters from the TV show and "Plucked Duck" a children's picture book by Danielle Mentzer and Annmarie Harris. Both books were released in 2004, roughly a year after the show had ended.
Video games.
In 2003 LSP Games and Asobo Studios picked up the rights from Universal Studios to create games for "Sitting Ducks". Then in 2004 "Sitting Ducks" was released for Microsoft Windows, Game Boy Advance and PlayStation 2. An Xbox version was also planned, but was quietly cancelled.

</doc>
<doc id="18478032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478032" title="Journal of the History of Childhood and Youth">
Journal of the History of Childhood and Youth

The Journal of the History of Childhood and Youth is an international peer-reviewed academic journal dealing with the development of childhood and youth cultures and the experience of young people in different times and places. 
The journal is open to a wide range of historical methodologies as well as other disciplines with an historical focus. As well as original research articles, it includes essays discussing contemporary issues of childhood and youth in a historical context. Each issue also includes an "object lesson" on an object from the material culture of childhood, contemporary policy pieces, and book reviews. JHCY is the official journal of the Society for the History of Children and Youth. It is indexed in Historical Abstracts and , the two principal historical indexing services.
The journal was founded in 2008 and is published three times per year by the Johns Hopkins University Press.

</doc>
<doc id="18478042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478042" title="The Fever (band)">
The Fever (band)

The Fever was an American indie rock band from New York City.
History.
The Fever formed in 2001 around songwriting partners Geremy Jasper(vocals) and Chris Sanchez(guitar). After expanding to a five-piece, the group signed with Kemado Records, releasing their debut EP, "Pink on Pink", in 2002. The full-length, "Red Bedroom" followed in 2003, as did touring with popular indie acts such as Hot Hot Heat, Death From Above 1979, Moving Units, VHS or Beta, Metric, and the Kills. After the departure of guitarist Sanchez, the band regrouped the remaining original members as a four-piece with Keith Stapleton switching from bass to guitar. Following the regroup was the adventurous 2006 release, "In the City of Sleep", but disbanded soon after in the fall of that year.

</doc>
<doc id="18478046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478046" title="Starbreaker (album)">
Starbreaker (album)

Starbreaker is the self-titled debut album of the Tony Harnell led heavy metal band Starbreaker, released on July 13, 2005, while Harnell was still in TNT.

</doc>
<doc id="18478052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478052" title="Social audit">
Social audit

Social audit is a process of reviewing official records and determining whether state reported expenditures reflect the actual monies spent on the ground.
Civil society organisations (CSOs), nongovernmental organisations (NGOs), political representatives, civil servants and workers of Dungarpur district of Rajasthan and Anantapur district of Andhra Pradesh collectively organise such social audits to prevent mass corruption under the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (MGNREGA).
Background.
A grass roots organisation of Rajasthan, Mazdoor Kisan Shakti Sangathan (MKSS) is believed to have started the concept of the social audit while fighting corruption in the public works in the early 1990s. As the corruption is attributed to the secrecy in governance, the 'Jansunwai' or public hearing and the right to information (RTI), enacted in 2005, are used to fight this secrecy. Official records obtained using RTI are read out at the public hearing to identify and rectify irregularities. "This process of reviewing official records and determining whether state reported expenditures reflect the actual monies spent on the ground is referred to as a social audit." Participation of informed citizens promotes collective responsibility and awareness about entitlements.
Dungarpur district of Rajasthan.
The mass social audit under the employment guarantee scheme in Dungarpur is the most significant feature of the first phase of implementation of the NREGA in India. Launched on 2 February 2006, the first phase of the NREGA implementation included Dungarpur as one of 200 districts of India. A district in the poor tribal belt of southern Rajasthan, Dungarpur is also the birthplace of the Right to Information movement in India. People take a foot march called 'Padayatra' with the aim of spreading awareness across 237 panchayats (rural self-government institutions) of Dungarpur employing 150,000 labourers at 1,700 worksites, about half of rural households belonging to Below Poverty Line (BPL) group in Census 2001.
Two factors are believed to be responsible for making the social audit a reality in Rajasthan: first, the presence of activist groups that monitored the public money spent on drought and relief works; and second, the involvement of the working class in demanding employment as an entitlement. Moreover, for the first time in a public programme, the NREGA includes transparency and public scrutiny as the statutory provisions under Section 23 and Section 17 respectively (as outlined in Chapter 11 of the NREGA Operational Guidelines).
These social audits highlight: a significant demand for the NREGA, less that 2 per cent corruption in the form of fudging of muster rolls, building the water harvesting infrastructure as the first priority in the drought-prone district, reduction of out-migration, and above all the women participation of more than 80 per cent in the employment guarantee scheme. The need for effective management of tasks, timely payment of wages and provision of support facilities at work sites is also emphasised.
Anantapur district of Andhra Pradesh.
Across all 13 districts of Andhra Pradesh under NREGA, 54 social audits are conducted every month starting from July 2006. The scale and frequency of social audits on NREGA works in Andhra Pradesh are the first in India. Under National Food For Work Programme (NFFWP), before NREGA, AP received more than 3 million tonnes of rice between September 2001 and July 2002, enough to feed twenty million workers for nearly a year, with a market value of Rs 30 billion or $65 million. Due to ineffective mechanisms for limiting corruption, the 2001–2 NFFWP in AP was a failure. It was recommended that the checks and controls must be built into the design of such programmes. Section 17 of the NREGA mandates the regular conduct of social audits on all aspects of the scheme.
Inititally, in collaboration with MKSS of Rajasthan, the Department of Rural Development (DoRD) of Andhra Pradesh assisted the social audit process through the Strategy and Performance Innovation Unit (SPIU). Since May 2009, the Society for Social Audits Accountability and Transparency (SSAAT), an autonomous body, is responsible for the conduct of social audits in the state. While the director of the SPIU was a civil servant, the director of SSAAT is a MKSS activist Sowmya Kidambi. In January 2011, Andhra Pradesh introduced a separate vigilance cell in the Rural Development Department to ensure follow up and enforcement of social audit findings.
In Andhra Pradesh, after DoRD and SSAAT, the management structure consists of state resource persons (SRPs), district resource persons (DRPs), and the village social auditors (VSAs). The SRPs identify and train the DRPs who in turn identify and train the VSAs. While the SRPs manage daily activities like scheduling the social audit, contacting district officials, ensuring follow up and enforcement of social audit findings, the DRPs manage the actual conduct of the social audit, for instance, filing RTI applications, and contacting the 'Mandal' level officials to organise logistics and public hearing. To conduct the actual social audit, the volunteers among the NREGA beneficiaries are selected from 'gram sabhas' or village assemblies by DRPs.
An application under the RTI to access relevant official documents is the first step of the social audit. Then the management personnel of the social audit verify these official records by conducting field visits. Finally, the 'Jansunwai' or public hearing is organised at two levels: the Panchayat or village level and the Mandal level. The direct public debate involving the beneficiaries, political representatives, civil servants and, above all, the government officers responsible for implementing the NREGA works highlights corruption like the practice of rigging muster rolls (attendance registers) and also generates public awareness about the scheme.
To assess the effectiveness of the mass social audits on NREGA works in Andhra Pradesh, a World Bank study investigated the effect of the social audit on the level of public awareness about NREGA, its effect on the NREGA implementation, and its efficacy as a grievance redressal mechanism. The study found that the public awareness about the NREGA increased from about 30 per cent before the social audit to about 99 per cent after the social audit. Further, the efficacy of NREGA implementation increased from an average of about 60 per cent to about 97 per cent. Finally, the effectiveness of the social audit as a grievance redressal mechanism was measured to be around 80 per cent.

</doc>
<doc id="18478056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478056" title="Balia, Bihar (Lok Sabha constituency)">
Balia, Bihar (Lok Sabha constituency)

Balia was a Lok Sabha constituency in Bihar.
Assembly segments.
Balia (Lok Sabha constituency) was composed of the following assembly segments in 2004: 

</doc>
<doc id="18478097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478097" title="Malletech">
Malletech

Malletech LLC is a manufacturer of mallet percussion instruments and mallets formed in 1982 by Marimba Productions, Inc. The company sells its own line of marimbas, xylophones, glockenspiels, and vibraphones. In addition, Malletech offers mallets for marimba, xylophone, glockenspiel, vibraphone, suspended cymbal, bass drum, and timpani.
History.
In 1978, marimba performer Leigh Howard Stevens, author of "Method of Movement for Marimba", designed a series of marimba mallets for manufacturer Vic Firth. However, in 1982, Stevens decided to independently create a new brand of mallets ("Malletech"), collaborating with percussionists Bob Becker, David Friedman and Dave Samuels. Later, in 1985, Stevens was hired by Ludwig-Musser as a consultant for their already-successful line of keyboard percussion instruments. Stevens left the company in 1991 to develop instruments for Malletech. Malletech debuted its instruments in 1992 at PASIC. Malletech started manufacturing and refining their instruments in Gurdon, Arkansas employing local craftsmen and tuners.
In 1997, Malletech was bought by the Avedis Zildjian Company, but Stevens finished buying it back by June 2005, renaming it "Malletech LLC". The company currently operates in Neptune, New Jersey, United States.
Products.
Malletech offers several different marimba and xylophone models as well as a line of glockenspiels and vibraphones. The mallet catalogue includes series named for and endorsed by certain prominent percussionists, including 

</doc>
<doc id="18478101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478101" title="Doug Stupart">
Doug Stupart

Douglas ("Doug") Annesley David Stupart (30 March 1882 – 6 May 1951) was a South African track and field athlete who competed in the 1908 Summer Olympics.
In 1908 he finished tenth in the triple jump event. He also participated in the 110 metre hurdles competition but was eliminated in the first round.

</doc>
<doc id="18478108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478108" title="William Douglas (colonel)">
William Douglas (colonel)

William Douglas (January 17, 1742 – May 28, 1777) was an American military officer who led regiments from Connecticut during the American Revolutionary War.
The son of John Douglas (1703-1766) and Olive Spaulding (1709-1752), he was born in Plainfield, Connecticut, Douglas began his military career as a soldier in the French and Indian War, rising to the rank of sergeant. Following the war, he became a shipmaster and worked in the maritime trades until the beginning of the American Revolutionary War, when he raised the 6th Company of the 1st Connecticut Regiment and became its captain.
Douglas took part in military campaigns along Lake George and Lake Champlain commanding ships in upstate New York and was stationed in Montreal. In 1776, he was promoted twice, first to major and then on June 20 as colonel of the Connecticut State Regiment, also known as the "Connecticut 5th battalion".
Douglas privately acknowledged in letters to his wife that his troops were often ill-equipped for battle, writing at one point that they “give me much fatigue and trouble.” During the landing of British troops at Kips Bay in New York City on September 15, 1776, Douglas’ troops retreated wildly in the face of the British attack. General George Washington, encountering the retreating troops, reacted angrily by flogging some of Douglas’ troops with his riding cane and declaring: “Are these the men with whom I am to defend America?” 
Douglas and his regiment also participated in the Battle of White Plains on October 28, 1776. On January 1, 1777, he was commissioned as a colonel of the Connecticut 6th Regiment. However, his health deteriorated during the course of the war and he was forced to return to his home at Northfield, Connecticut, where he died on May 28, 1777.
Col Douglas married, 5th July 1767, Hannah, daughter of Stephen Mansfield, of New Haven, where she was born 17th Nov 1747, dying in Northford, 22 May 1825.
His daughter Olive Douglas married Solomon Fowler and had daughter Charlotte Fowler (1805–1873), who married missionary Dwight Baldwin (1798–1886), and had several other notable descendants.
Douglas' grandson Benjamin Douglas was a manufacturer, Mayor of Middletown, Connecticut, and lieutenant governor of Connecticut in 1861-62

</doc>
<doc id="18478134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478134" title="Frédéric Vichot">
Frédéric Vichot

Frédéric Vichot (born 1 May 1959 in Valay) was a French professional road bicycle racer, who won one stage in the Vuelta a España and two stages in the Tour de France.

</doc>
<doc id="18478145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478145" title="Kürşad Türkşen">
Kürşad Türkşen

Kürşad Türkşen, PhD, is a senior scientist in chronic disease at Ottawa Health Research Institute and an assistant professor, biochemistry, University of Ottawa. Dr. Türkşen is also the editor-in-chief for the journal Stem Cell Reviews and Reports, published by Humana Press, and is an executive board member for Springer Protocols, an online database of research protocols published by Springer Science+Business Media. Dr. Türkşen studies skin cells at the molecular level hoping to develop new treatments for skin conditions, wounds, burns, and genetic skin diseases.
Research areas.
He and his team co-discovered a molecule called claudin-6 which plays an important role in the development and function of skin cells Türkşen's recent research centers on the study of stem cells, including how growth factors regulate the commitment of epidermal progenitors in the differentiating embryonic stem (R1) cells, and identifying and characterizing genes that determine the pathway leading from very early progenitors (K8-positive) to late epidermal progenitors (K5/K14-positive), using the gene trap and differential display techniques.
Published research.
Dr. Türkşen's research has been published in numerous research journals, including the Journal of Investigative Dermatology, Molecular Biotechnology, and Gene Expression Patterns. Dr. Türkşen is also the editor of numerous stem cell books, including three recent volumes in the book series Methods in Molecular Biology: "Embryonic Stem Cell Protocols Volume I: Isolation And Characterization", "Embryonic Stem Cell Protocols Volume II: Differentiation Models", and "Human Embryonic Stem Cell Protocols".

</doc>
<doc id="18478156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478156" title="Century Steel Band">
Century Steel Band

Century Steel Band was a Reggae-band. Its members may have gone separate ways, but they are still making their own music.
The band was formed in 1982 in Ireland. Charley Anderson, (bass player and founding member of the 2-Tone ska band The Selecter) was asked by Pete St. John (writer of The Fields of Athenry) to record a version after hearing it. The Century Steel Band was invited to a 2 week tour of Ireland. This is where they met with Pete St. John. Other band members were from Saint Lucia, Saint Vincent and Antigua.

</doc>
<doc id="18478164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478164" title="Linda Rottenberg">
Linda Rottenberg

Linda Rottenberg is an American lawyer and businesswoman. She is the CEO and Co-founder of Endeavor, a non-profit organization that pioneered the field of High-Impact Entrepreneurship. 
Named one of “America’s Best Leaders” by US News & World Report and one of 100 “Innovators for the 21st century” by Time Magazine, Rottenberg is considered one of the world's most dynamic experts on entrepreneurship, emerging markets, innovation, and leadership. She has been profiled in the Wall Street Journal, Forbes, USA Today, The Economist, Strategy + Business, People, and the Financial Times and has appeared on The Today Show, Good Morning America, NPR, CNBC, CNN, Fox News, and Bloomberg. In addition, Rottenberg was named “Ms. Davos” by Business Insider in 2011, Veuve Clicquot's Businesswoman of the Year in 2008, and featured in Dell's “Take Your Own Path” advertising campaign. She was referred to as the world's "Mentor Capitalist" in Thomas Friedman’s "The World is Flat".
A frequent lecturer at Fortune 500 companies, Rottenberg has been the subject of four case studies by Harvard Business School and the Stanford Graduate School of Business. 
Career.
Rottenberg co-founded Endeavor in 1997 with the mission of leading the global movement to catalyze long-term economic growth by selecting, mentoring, and accelerating the best High-Impact Entrepreneurs around the world. Headquartered in New York City, Endeavor has since grown to 350 employees and 20 affiliates throughout Latin America, the Middle East, Southeast Asia, Africa, and Europe. The 880+ Endeavor Entrepreneurs selected to date, screened from 37,000+ candidates, have created 225,000+ jobs and generated annual revenues of $6 billion.
Rottenberg is a member of the Young Presidents' Organization (YPO), Council on Foreign Relations and the World Economic Forum. The Forum has named her a “Global Leader for Tomorrow,” “Young Global Leader” and “Leading Social Entrepreneur”. She also serves on the advisory council of Abraaj Capital, an $8 billion global private equity firm.
Her book, "Crazy Is a Compliment", will be published by Penguin Random House in October 2014.
Education.
Rottenberg received her J.D. from Yale Law School and B.A. magna cum laude in Social Studies from Harvard College.
Personal Life.
A native of Newton, Massachusetts, Rottenberg lives in Brooklyn with her husband, best-selling author and New York Times columnist Bruce Feiler, and their identical twin daughters, Tybee and Eden. 

</doc>
<doc id="18478170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478170" title="Signature Theatre Company (New York City)">
Signature Theatre Company (New York City)

Signature Theatre Company was founded in 1991 by James Houghton.
Signature has presented entire seasons of the work of Edward Albee, Lee Blessing, Horton Foote, Maria Irene Fornes, Athol Fugard, John Guare, Bill Irwin, Adrienne Kennedy, Romulus Linney, Charles Mee, Arthur Miller, Sam Shepard, Paula Vogel, August Wilson, Lanford Wilson, and a season celebrating the historic Negro Ensemble Company. 
In October 2008, Signature announced the creation of The Pershing Square Signature Center. Designed by Frank Gehry Architects, the Center comprises three theatres, two rehearsal studios, a café and bar, bookstore, and offices all on one level. In its new home, Signature continues its Residency One and Legacy Program. Signature also introduced Residency Five, a program that will feature early- and mid-career playwrights and guarantee them three full productions over the course of a five-year residency. 
Signature, its productions and its resident writers have been recognized with a Pulitzer Prize, eleven Lucille Lortel Awards, fifteen Obie Awards, five Drama Desk Awards, and twenty-two AUDELCO Awards. The National Theatre Conference recognized the company as the 2003 Outstanding National Theatre of the Year.
Season history.
+ indicates World Premiere production
1991 - 92 Season: Romulus Linney
1992 - 93 Season: Lee Blessing
1993 - 94 Season: Edward Albee
1994 - 95 Season: Horton Foote
1995 - 96 Season: Adrienne Kennedy
1996 - 97 Season: Sam Shepard
1997 - 98 Season: Arthur Miller
1998 - 99 Season: John Guare
1999 - 2000 Season: Maria Irene Fornes
2000 - 2001 Season: All-Premiere Celebration Part 1
2001 - 2002 Season: All-Premiere Celebration Part 2
2002 - 2003 Season: Lanford Wilson
2003 - 2004 Season: Bill Irwin
2004 - 2005 Season: Paula Vogel
2005 - 2006 Season: 15th Anniversary Part I, Inaugural "Signature Series"
2006 - 2007 Season: 15th Anniversary Part II: August Wilson
2007 - 2008 Season: Charles Mee
2008 - 2009 Season: The Negro Ensemble Company
2009 - 2010 Season: Horton Foote
2010 - 2011 Twentieth Anniversary Season: Tony Kushner
2011 - 2012 Inaugural Season at The Pershing Square Signature Center: Athol Fugard
2012 - 2013 Season at The Pershing Square Signature Center: David Henry Hwang
2013 - 2014 Season at The Pershing Square Signature Center: David Henry Hwang
+ indicates World Premiere production
Signature Ticket Initiative.
November 2005 marked the institution of the Signature Ticket Initiative, during which tickets to all performances for the initial run of every production are heavily subsidized to broaden the accessibility of Off-Broadway theatre. At the program's onset, tickets cost fifteen dollars, rather than the usual sixty-five. The Signature Ticket Initiative allows seventy percent of the cost of a full-priced ticket to be subsidized.
The lead sponsor on the program is Time Warner, who has made it possible to underwrite over sixty thousand patrons' tickets as of the 2007-2008 season. Other sponsors include The Andrew W. Mellon Foundation, Margot Adams in Memory of Mason Adams, American Express, The Carnegie Corporation of New York, The Shubert Foundation, The Horace W. Goldsmith Foundation, The Ford Foundation, The Blanche and Irving Laurie Foundation, The Lucille Lortel Foundation, The Peter Norton Family Foundation, and The Harold and Mimi Steinberg Charitable Trust. The initiative is also supported by public funds from the National Endowment for the Arts, the New York State Council on the Arts, a State Agency, and the New York City Department of Cultural Affairs.
The Pershing Square Signature Center.
In 2012 Signature opened The Pershing Square Signature Center, its new Frank Gehry-designed home on 42nd Street. 
The Center comprises three theatre spaces, two studios, a shared lobby with a café and bar, bookshop, and concierge desk, and administrative offices that span 70,000 contiguous square feet in MiMA, a mixed-use Related Companies development.
Awards and recognition.
Pulitzer Prize
Obie Awards
Drama Desk Awards
Lucille Lortel Awards
Outer Critics Circle Award
AUDELCO Awards
Special Awards & Recognition

</doc>
<doc id="18478172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478172" title="Cojito">
Cojito

The Recipe of the Cojito cocktail comes from Cuba and is widely used amongst bartenders.
“"Cojito is a fresh as a Mojito but its coconut flavour makes it really new and different for Mojito addicted people,"” states Chrisa Zlatou, who works as a barman at Cubanita, Athens.

</doc>
<doc id="18478182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478182" title="Juan Villalonga">
Juan Villalonga

Juan Villalonga Navarro (born April 8, 1953) is an influential Spanish businessman. He was a partner at McKinsey & Company in the 1980s, CEO for Credit Suisse First Boston and Bankers Trust in Spain in the early 1990s, and CEO of Telefónica from 1996 to 2000.
In 2010, "Harvard Business Review" named Villalonga one of the world's top 100 CEOs. As of 2011, he is a business advisor for worldwide companies and management teams.
Early life, education.
Juan Villalonga is a native of Madrid, Spain, and was born on April 8, 1953. He comes from an established Spanish family deeply entrenched in the economics and politics of the country. His paternal family owned the Tramway and Railway Company of Valencia from CTFV to 1917. His great uncle, Ignacio Villalonga, was Governor of Catalonia when Generalitat was suspended in 1935. His great uncle was also chairman for one of Spain's largest banks, Banco Central (1943–1970), and was an outspoken critic of the Franco regime.
Villalonga attended school at the Colegio Nuestra Senora del Pilar in Madrid. There, he became friends with José María Aznar, who would serve as Prime Minister of Spain from 1996 to 2004. In 1970 Villalonga began attending his great uncle's alma mater, the University of Deusto, to earn a degree in law. He graduated in 1975. While undertaking an MBA at the IESE in Barcelona, Spain, University of Navarre from 1975 to 1977, he completed his military service, rising to the rank of Alferez (Second Lieutenant) (1974–1975).
Career.
For the next 18 years Villalonga worked in the financial markets, starting in New York with J.P. Morgan’s credit analyst team. In this role, he evaluated the credit worthiness of companies and made quantitative analysis and credit projections. In 1979, he was promoted to Account Officer and assigned to Madrid.
He joined McKinsey & Company in 1980 and worked as a partner across the U.S., Portugal, Brazil, Italy and Spain. During this period, he serviced McKinsey clients such as Banco Santander, which is ranked as the largest bank in the Eurozone. He opened McKinsey’s Rome office in 1987.
He subsequently became CEO for Credit Suisse First Boston, Spain and Bankers Trust in Spain.
Telefónica.
In 1996, Villalonga was appointed to the post of CEO of Telefónica, proposed by shareholders Argentaria, Banco Bilbao, La Caixa, and with endorsement of the Spanish Premier, Jose Maria Aznar. In four years under his leadership,Telefónica’s market cap increased by $127 billion, securing the company's leadership position in Spain and turning Telefónica into an international telecommunications power. He also developed a successful model for acquisitions where transactions were made in stock.
In 1997, the European telecommunications market was liberalized, and Telefónica ceased to have a monopoly in Spain. Villalonga used the event to expand the company beyond Spain into other Spanish-speaking markets. In 1997, he entered the company into pre-BRIC Brazil.
In 1998, Villalonga launched Telefónica Interactiva (also known as Terra Networks), Telefónica’s Internet portal. He aggressively acquired several local start-ups in Spain and the main Latin American markets, turning Terra into a major internet company. These acquisitions included Ole (Spain), Zaz (Brazil), Infosel (Mexico), Gauchonet y Donde (Argentina) and Chevere (Venezuela). In November 1999, Terra had a high-profile IPO in the U.S. and Spain, and its shares rose from the initial price of €11.81 to €157.65 within three months.
He then had Telefónica purchase the American Internet search company, Lycos, creating one of the world’s largest Internet companies. It opened the U.S. market of 30 million Spanish speakers to Terra and provided access to parts of the world where Telefónica did not yet have a foothold, such as Asia. The purchase for $12.5 billion in stock in May 2000 created a new company known as Terra Lycos Inc., which had a pro-forma revenue of approximately $500 million, an estimated 50 million new users, and 175 million page views per day.
In June 2000, Villalonga strengthened the international standing of Telefónica’s Spanish Group in an equity swap known as "Operation Verónica." He had Telefónica buy out minority shareholders in its Latin American subsidiaries: Telefónica de Argentina, Telesp in Brazil, Telefónica del Perú, and Tele Sudeste. He also reorganized the company along product rather than geographical lines. During the same period, Telefónica acquired Dutch entertainment giant Endemol for €5.5 billion in stock.
In June 2000, the Madrid daily "El Mundo" claimed that Villalonga had been involved in insider trading. Amid these rumors and pressure from the Spanish government, Villalonga resigned as chairman of Telefónica in July 2000. In August 2000, the Spanish stock market commission, the Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores (CNMV), cleared Villalonga of insider trading charges.
Recent career.
Villalonga served as a board member of the Espirito Santo Financial Group until September 2011. He is a board member of Axiata, and is a director of the technology company Idea.
In 2010, "Harvard Business Review" named Villalonga one of the Best-Performing CEO’s in the World.
Personal life.
He is married to photographer Vanessa von Zitzewitz.

</doc>
<doc id="18478190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478190" title="Saharsa (Lok Sabha constituency)">
Saharsa (Lok Sabha constituency)

Saharsa was a Lok Sabha constituency in Bihar.

</doc>
<doc id="18478221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478221" title="Take Care of Texas">
Take Care of Texas

Take Care of Texas is a personal responsibility campaign which provides information on ways to keep air and water clean, conserve water and energy, reduce waste, and save money. The campaign is spearheaded by the Texas Commission on Environmental Quality and is known for its trademarked catchphrase, "Take Care of Texas. It’s the only one we’ve got!" 
In June, 2013 country music recording artist Kevin Fowler teamed up with Take Care of Texas to produce a public service announcement that promotes outdoor recreation in the state and encourages protection of natural resources.

</doc>
<doc id="18478240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478240" title="Cyril Dugmore">
Cyril Dugmore

Cyril Patrick William Francis Radclyffe Dugmore (May 20, 1882 – January 22, 1966) was a British track and field athlete who competed in the 1908 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Birr and died on Guernsey.
In 1908 he finished eleventh in the triple jump event.

</doc>
<doc id="18478250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478250" title="Rainbow Falls">
Rainbow Falls

Rainbow Falls is the name of several waterfalls:
New Zealand:
Canada:
United States:
Computing Systems:
Other:

</doc>
<doc id="18478253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478253" title="Canucks rugby">
Canucks rugby

Canucks are one of the longest running teams in the Calgary Rugby Union. They have won several provincial titles, and in 2004 were unofficially ranked 76th in the world after completing an undefeated tour of Europe.
History.
The Canucks Rugby Club, is an established club that has been playing in Calgary since 1968. The Canucks were originally formed to provide a uniquely Canadian aspect to the game. The Canucks mandate was to provide a strong, competitively tough team on the field and a definite camaraderie and distinct social atmosphere that fosters friendship, local contacts and enjoyment.
The club successfully continues to pursue those objectives and is well known throughout the province as a serious, well prepared team that is perennially in the top tier of every division. It welcomes all members into its varied and unique social circle. 
The Canucks have senior sides in all three divisions in the Calgary and Alberta (Provincial) leagues and are historically some of the strongest in the province, placing all three divisions in the city finals in each since 1999.
In addition, they have an Under 19 team, Under 16, Under 14, Under 12 and Under 10. The Canuck Junior sides comprise well over 100 players every year, with a season that runs from the first of April until the beginning of October.
Titles.
2010
2009
2008
2004
2003 
2002 
2001 
2000 
1999
1998 
1996 
1995 
1986 
1985 
1983 
1981 
1979 
1977 
Current squad.
"The 2008 Canucks Men's squad is as follows"

</doc>
<doc id="18478255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478255" title="Chauncey Kirby">
Chauncey Kirby

Chauncey Thomas Kirby (October 15, 1871 – October 23, 1950) was a Canadian ice hockey player in the 1890s for the Ottawa Hockey Club of the Ontario Hockey Association and Amateur Hockey Association of Canada (AHAC). He was a member of the three-time Ottawa champions from 1891 to 1893. He played in the original Stanley Cup playoff Final in 1894, and scored the contests first goal (which ended up being the club's lone goal in what was a 2-1 defeat to the Montreal team). His brother Halder also played for the club. He was part of two Stanley Cups with Ottawa Silver Sevens in 1903 and 1904 as a Director.
Personal life.
Kirby was born in Ottawa in 1871, the second-youngest of seven children born to Thomas Halder and Mary Kirby (née Graham), British/Irish immigrants to Canada. There were four boys, Chauncey, Halder, Richmond and Lincoln (died in infancy) and three girls, Elizabeth, Emma and Laura. Thomas is listed in the 1872 census as a bank manager, and in the 1881 census as a city foreman.
Career.
Chauncey Kirby joined the Ottawa HC in 1890 and played six seasons for the club, and was elected captain for the 1895–96 season. He played again for the club in 1898-99 before retiring. He became a referee after retiring. He would be the referee of record for the 1908 Stanley Cup challenge between the Winnipeg Maple Leafs and the Montreal Wanderers.

</doc>
<doc id="18478260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478260" title="Journal of Late Antiquity">
Journal of Late Antiquity

The Journal of Late Antiquity is an academic journal and the first international English-language journal devoted to the Late Antiquity. The journal was founded in 2008 and is published twice a year by the Johns Hopkins University Press.
The journal covers methodological, geographical, and chronological facets of Late Antiquity, from the late and post-classical world up to the Carolingian period, and including the late Roman, western European, Byzantine, Sassanid, and Islamic worlds, ca. AD 250-800. The editor in chief is Ralph W. Mathisen of University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign.

</doc>
<doc id="18478265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478265" title="Audionom">
Audionom

Audionom is a krautrock and space rock band from Sweden.
History.
Audionom is a Stockholm supergroup that quickly became a popular live act known for its abrasive shows that also integrated the films of member Martin Malm. The bands hypnotic pummeling sound took inspiration from their love for such early experimental visionaries as Hawkwind, Einstürzende Neubauten, and Neu!
Audionom was formed by members of two local Stockholm bands, Apparat and PVC. They released a number of singles for Swedish labels between 1999 and 2002, which were collected onto a full-length album entitled "Retrospektiv", released in 2005. The group broke up before Kemado Records heard it and offered to release it in the United States. Kemado's reissue came out early in 2007. The band reunited in 2007 released a new album - entitled 'Superior' - on Ideal Recordings on February 26, 2009.
A new single "Europa" is going to be released in December 2013 and the LP "Total" following in spring 2014 on Gone Beyond Records.
Related existing or non existing bands with members from past or today Audionom is: 1999, Fé, Appareil, Tvillingarna, Intergalactica, The Tourettes, Sibille Attar, Nova Express, The Vectors, Paper, Scumbrigade, Seamonster1, Kite etcetra.
Discography.
Audionom 
Audionom / Sickoakes - Split LP
Retrospektiv 
Audionom I
Live Club Accelerator 2001,
Road to Stalingrad (Documentary),
Live Hammarbytoppen 
Superior 
Inferior 1 
Inferior 2 
Inferior 3 
Members.
Present:
Past:

</doc>
<doc id="18478284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478284" title="Madhepura (Lok Sabha constituency)">
Madhepura (Lok Sabha constituency)

Madhepura Lok Sabha constituency is one of the 40 Lok Sabha constituencies in Bihar state in eastern India.
Assembly segments.
Before the delimitation of the parliamentary constituencies in 2008, Madhepura Lok Sabha constituency comprised the following six Vidhan Sabha segments:
After the delimitation, presently Madhepura constituency comprises the following six Vidhan Sabha segments:

</doc>
<doc id="18478287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478287" title="Percy Kidd">
Percy Kidd

Percy Marmaduke Kidd (13 February 1851 — 21 January 1942) was an English doctor. He was born in Blackheath and died in Chalfont St. Giles, Buckinghamshire.
Kidd was the oldest of the eight children of Dr Joseph Kidd and his first wife Sophia McKern. Like his father, he became an eminent London doctor. Two of his four brothers—Walter Aubrey Kidd (1852–1929) and Leonard Joseph Kidd (1858–1926) -- also became doctors; a third brother died young, while still training to become one.
Percy was educated at Uppingham School under Edward Thring, where he excelled at sports, becoming Captain of the cricket XI and Athletic Champion in 1869; and at Balliol College, Oxford, where he got a First Class degree. He then trained at St Bartholomew's Hospital, under Dr Samuel Gee and Dr John Wickham Legg; in 1885 he was Elected Fellow of the Royal College of Physicians, London, and by 1879 he was assistant physician and pathologist to the City of London Hospital. In 1881 he married Gertude Eleanor Harrison (1855–1940), and they had four children, including Leslie Kidd
He specialised in conditions of the chest, and was the author of "A Contribution to the Pathology of Hæmophilia" (London, 1878) and "The Lumleian Lectures on Some Moot Points in the Pathology and Clinical History of Pneumonia" (London, 1912). In 1918 he delivered the Harveian Oration "On the Doctrine of Consumption in Harvey's Time and Today"
Kidd made one first-class appearance playing cricket for Kent, in 1874, against Gentlemen of Marylebone Cricket Club. In the two innings in which he batted, he scored two ducks, and from eleven overs of bowling, he produced an analysis of 0-36.

</doc>
<doc id="18478295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478295" title="Brinsford Parkway railway station">
Brinsford Parkway railway station

Brinsford Parkway is a proposed mainline railway station to the north of Wolverhampton, England. It has yet to be passed and is still in planning stages.
It would be located on the Rugby-Birmingham-Stafford Line loop of the West Coast Mainline, and would give the north of Wolverhampton local commuter trains easing congestion on the A449, M6 and M54 motorways. Penkridge is the only station that still remains open on the line between Wolverhampton and Stafford.
The proposed station would serve a new development on the MoD depot at Brinsford (whose builder would fund the station), other local communities and passengers drawn from the motorway network. It would provide Park and Ride facilities, with a large car park.
It is planned to have two platforms on the existing double tracked, electrified line.

</doc>
<doc id="18478302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478302" title="Pedro Muñoz Machín Rodríguez">
Pedro Muñoz Machín Rodríguez

Pedro Muñóz Machín Rodríguez (born 6 November 1958 in Mieres) is a former Spanish professional road bicycle racer.

</doc>
<doc id="18478313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478313" title="Asa Branca">
Asa Branca

"Asa Branca" is a song written by Luiz Gonzaga and Humberto Teixeira in 1947. It has been covered by Zé Ramalho in his 2003 album "Estação Brasil". It is about the droughts that often afflict the "sertão" of the Brazilian Northeast.
The "asa-branca" ("white wing") of the title is the picazuro pigeon. With its departure the desolation of the parched "sertão" is complete, and the protagonist of the song, unable to make a living, must leave the "sertão" and his lady-love Rosinha. The song closes with his promise to return.
The song was voted by the Brazilian edition of "Rolling Stone" as the 4th greatest Brazilian song.
A Volta da Asa-Branca.
"A Volta da Asa-Branca" is a sequel to "Asa Branca". It marks the return of rain, the "asa-branca", and the protagonist to the "sertão". The song celebrates the return of life to the "sertão", and the protagonist's reunion with Rosinha, whom he plans to marry at the end of the year.

</doc>
<doc id="18478320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478320" title="Future of an expanding universe">
Future of an expanding universe

Observations suggest that the expansion of the universe will continue forever. If so, the universe will cool as it expands, eventually becoming too cold to sustain life. For this reason, this future scenario is popularly called the "Big Freeze".
If dark energy—represented by the cosmological constant, a "constant" energy density filling space homogeneously, or scalar fields, such as quintessence or moduli, "dynamic" quantities whose energy density can vary in time and space—accelerates the expansion of the universe, the space between clusters of galaxies will grow at an increasing rate. Redshift will stretch ancient, incoming photons (even gamma rays) to undetectably long wavelengths and low energies. Stars are expected to form normally for 1012 to 1014 (1–100 trillion) years, but eventually the supply of gas needed for star formation will be exhausted. And as existing stars run out of fuel and cease to shine, the universe will slowly and inexorably grow darker, one star at a time. §IID,  According to theories that predict proton decay, the stellar remnants left behind will disappear, leaving behind only black holes, which themselves eventually disappear as they emit Hawking radiation. Ultimately, if the universe reaches a state in which the temperature approaches a uniform value, no further work will be possible, resulting in a final heat death of the universe.
Cosmology.
Infinite expansion does not determine the spatial curvature of the universe. It can be open (with negative spatial curvature), flat, or closed (positive spatial curvature), although if it is closed, sufficient dark energy must be present to counteract the gravitational attraction of matter and other forces tending to contract the universe. Open and flat universes will expand forever even in the absence of dark energy.
Observations of the cosmic background radiation by the Wilkinson Microwave Anisotropy Probe suggest that the universe is spatially flat and has a significant amount of dark energy. In this case, the universe should continue to expand at an accelerating rate. The acceleration of the universe's expansion has also been confirmed by observations of distant supernovae. If, as in the concordance model of physical cosmology (Lambda-cold dark matter or ΛCDM), the dark energy is in the form of a cosmological constant, the expansion will eventually become exponential, with the size of the universe doubling at a constant rate.
If the theory of inflation is true, the universe went through an episode dominated by a different form of dark energy in the first moments of the big bang; but inflation ended, indicating an equation of state much more complicated than those assumed so far for present-day dark energy. It is possible that the dark energy equation of state could change again resulting in an event that would have consequences which are extremely difficult to parametrize or predict.
Future history.
In the 1970s, the future of an expanding universe was studied by the astrophysicist Jamal Islam and the physicist Freeman Dyson.
More recently, the astrophysicists Fred Adams and Gregory Laughlin have divided the past and future history of an expanding universe into five eras. The first, the "Primordial Era", is the time in the past just after the Big Bang when stars had not yet formed. The second, the "Stelliferous Era", includes the present day and all of the stars and galaxies we see. It is the time during which stars form from collapsing clouds of gas. In the subsequent "Degenerate Era", the stars will have burnt out, leaving all stellar-mass objects as stellar remnants—white dwarfs, neutron stars, and black holes. In the "Black Hole Era", white dwarfs, neutron stars, and other smaller astronomical objects have been destroyed by proton decay, leaving only black holes. Finally, in the "Dark Era", even black holes have disappeared, leaving only a dilute gas of photons and leptons., pp. xxiv–xxviii.
This future history and the timeline below assume the continued expansion of the universe. If the universe begins to recontract, subsequent events in the timeline may not occur because the Big Crunch, the recontraction of the universe
into a hot, dense state similar to that after the Big Bang, will supervene., pp. 190–192;
Timeline.
Stelliferous Era.
The observable universe is currently 1.38×1010 (13.8 billion) years old. This time is in the Stelliferous Era. About 155 million years after the Big Bang, the first star formed. Since then, stars have formed by the collapse of small, dense core regions in large, cold molecular clouds of hydrogen gas. At first, this produces a protostar, which is hot and bright because of energy generated by gravitational contraction. After the protostar contracts for a while, its center will become hot enough to fuse hydrogen and its lifetime as a star will properly begin., pp. 35–39.
Stars whose mass is very low will eventually exhaust all their fusible hydrogen and then become helium white dwarfs. Stars of low to medium mass will expel some of their mass as a planetary nebula and eventually become white dwarfs; more massive stars will explode in a core-collapse supernova, leaving behind neutron stars or black holes. In any case, although some of the star's matter may be returned to the interstellar medium, a degenerate remnant will be left behind whose mass is not returned to the interstellar medium. Therefore, the supply of gas available for star formation is steadily being exhausted.
Milky Way Galaxy and the Andromeda Galaxy merge into one.
The Andromeda Galaxy is currently approximately 2.5 million light years away from our galaxy, the Milky Way Galaxy, and they are moving towards each other at approximately 300 kilometers per second. Approximately three billion years from now, or 17 billion years after the Big Bang, the Milky Way and the Andromeda Galaxy will collide with one another and merge into one large galaxy based on current evidence. Up until 2012, there was no way to know whether the possible collision was definitely going to happen or not. In 2012, researchers came to the conclusion that the collision is definite after using the Hubble Space Telescope between 2002 and 2010 to track the motion of Andromeda.
Coalescence of Local Group and galaxies outside the Local Group are no longer accessible.
The galaxies in the Local Group, the cluster of galaxies which includes the Milky Way and the Andromeda Galaxy, are gravitationally bound to each other. It is expected that between 1011 (100 billion) and 1012 (1 trillion) years from now, their orbits will decay and the entire Local Group will merge into one large galaxy., §IIIA.
Assuming that dark energy continues to make the universe expand at an accelerating rate, in about 150 billion years all galaxies outside the local group will pass behind the cosmological horizon. It will then be impossible for events in the local group to affect other galaxies. Similarly it will be impossible for events after 150 billion years, as seen by observers in distant galaxies, to affect events in the local group. However, an observer in the local group will continue to see distant galaxies, but events they observe will become exponentially more time dilated (and red shifted) as the galaxy approaches the horizon until time in the distant galaxy seems to stop. The observer in the local group never actually sees the distant galaxy pass beyond the horizon and never observes events after 150 billion years in their local time. Therefore, after 150 billion years intergalactic transportation and communication becomes causally impossible.
Galaxies outside the Local Supercluster are no longer detectable.
2×1012 (2 trillion) years from now, all galaxies outside the Local Supercluster will be red-shifted to such an extent that even gamma rays they emit will have wavelengths longer than the size of the observable universe of the time. Therefore, these galaxies will no longer be detectable in any way.
Degenerate Era.
By 1014 (100 trillion) years from now, star formation will end, leaving all stellar objects in the form of degenerate remnants. This period, known as the Degenerate Era, will last until the degenerate remnants finally decay.
Star formation ceases.
It is estimated that in 1014 (100 trillion) years or less, star formation will end., §IID. The least massive stars take the longest to exhaust their hydrogen fuel (see stellar evolution). Thus, the longest living stars in the universe are low-mass red dwarfs, with a mass of about 0.08 solar masses, which have a lifetime of order 1013 (10 trillion) years. Coincidentally, this is comparable to the length of time over which star formation takes place. §IID. Once star formation ends and the least massive red dwarfs exhaust their fuel, nuclear fusion will cease. The low-mass red dwarfs will cool and become white dwarfs. The only objects remaining with more than planetary mass will be brown dwarfs, with mass less than 0.08 solar masses, and degenerate remnants; white dwarfs, produced by stars with initial masses between about 0.08 and 8 solar masses; and neutron stars and black holes, produced by stars with initial masses over 8 solar masses. Most of the mass of this collection, approximately 90%, will be in the form of white dwarfs. In the absence of any energy source, all of these formerly luminous bodies will cool and become faint.
The universe will become extremely dark after the last star burns out. Even so, there can still be occasional light in the universe. One of the ways the universe can be illuminated is if two carbon-oxygen white dwarfs with a combined mass of more than the Chandrasekhar limit of about 1.4 solar masses happen to merge. The resulting object will then undergo runaway thermonuclear fusion, producing a Type Ia supernova and dispelling the darkness of the Degenerate Era for a few weeks. If the combined mass is not above the Chandrasekhar limit but is larger than the minimum mass to fuse carbon (about 0.9 solar masses), a carbon star could be produced, with a lifetime of around 106 (1 million) years., p. 91 Also, if two helium white dwarfs with a combined mass of at least 0.3 solar masses collide, a helium star may be produced, with a lifetime of a few hundred million years., p. 91 Finally, if brown dwarfs collide with each other, a red dwarf star may be produced which can survive for 1013 (10 trillion) years.
Planets fall or are flung from orbits by a close encounter with another star.
Over time, the orbits of planets will decay due to gravitational radiation, or planets will be ejected from their local systems by gravitational perturbations caused by encounters with another stellar remnant.
Stellar remnants escape galaxies or fall into black holes.
Over time, objects in a galaxy exchange kinetic energy in a process called dynamical relaxation, making their velocity distribution approach the Maxwell-Boltzmann distribution. Dynamical relaxation can proceed either by close encounters of two stars or by less violent but more frequent distant encounters. In the case of a close encounter, two brown dwarfs or stellar remnants will pass close to each other. When this happens, the trajectories of the objects involved in the close encounter change slightly. After a large number of encounters, lighter objects tend to gain kinetic energy while the heavier objects lose it., pp. 85–87
Because of dynamical relaxation, some objects will gain enough energy to reach galactic escape velocity and depart the galaxy, leaving behind a smaller, denser galaxy. Since encounters are more frequent in the denser galaxy, the process then accelerates. The end result is that most objects (90% to 99%) are ejected from the galaxy, leaving a small fraction (maybe 1% to 10%) which fall into the central supermassive black hole., §IIIAD;, pp. 85–87
Nucleons start to decay.
The subsequent evolution of the universe depends on the existence and rate of proton decay. Experimental evidence shows that if the proton is unstable, it has a half-life of at least 1034 years. If any of the Grand Unified theories are correct, then there are theoretical reasons to believe that the half-life of the proton is under 1041 years. Neutrons bound into nuclei are also expected to decay with a half-life comparable to the proton's.
In the event that the proton does not decay at all, stellar-mass objects would still disappear, but more slowly. See Future without proton decay below.
The rest of this timeline assumes that the proton half-life is approximately 1037 years. Shorter or longer proton half-lives will accelerate or decelerate the process. This means that after 1037 years, one-half of all baryonic matter will have been converted into gamma ray photons and leptons through proton decay.
All nucleons decay.
Given our assumed half-life of the proton, nucleons (protons and bound neutrons) will have undergone roughly 1,000 half-lives by the time the universe is 1040 years old. To put this into perspective, there are an estimated 1080 protons currently in the universe. This means that the number of nucleons will be slashed in half 1,000 times by the time the universe is 1040 years old. Hence, there will be roughly ½1,000 (approximately 10−301) as many nucleons remaining as there are today; that is, "zero" nucleons remaining in the universe at the end of the Degenerate Age. Effectively, all baryonic matter will have been changed into photons and leptons. Some models predict the formation of stable positronium atoms with a greater diameter than the observable universe’s current diameter in 1085 years, and that these will in turn decay to gamma radiation in 10141 years. §IID, 
Black Hole Era.
After 1040 years, black holes will dominate the universe. They will slowly evaporate via Hawking radiation., §IVG. A black hole with a mass of around 1 solar mass will vanish in around 2×1066 years. As the lifetime of a black hole is proportional to the cube of its mass, more massive black holes take longer to decay. A supermassive black hole with a mass of 1011 (100 billion) solar masses will evaporate in around 2×1099 years.
Hawking radiation has a thermal spectrum. During most of a black hole's lifetime, the radiation has a low temperature and is mainly in the form of massless particles such as photons and hypothetical gravitons. As the black hole's mass decreases, its temperature increases, becoming comparable to the Sun's by the time the black hole mass has decreased to 1019 kilograms. The hole then provides a temporary source of light during the general darkness of the Black Hole Era. During the last stages of its evaporation, a black hole will emit not only massless particles but also heavier particles such as electrons, positrons, protons and antiprotons., pp. 148–150. 
If protons do not decay as described above.
In the event the proton does not decay as described above, the Degenerate Era will last longer, and will overlap the Black Hole Era. In a timescale of approximately 1065 years, apparently rigid objects such as rocks will be able to rearrange their atoms and molecules via quantum tunnelling, behaving as a liquid does, but more slowly. However, the proton is still expected to decay, for example via processes involving virtual black holes, or other higher-order processes, with a half-life of under 10200 years., §IVF For example, under the Standard Model, groups of 2 or more nucleons are theoretically unstable because chiral anomaly allows processes that change baryon number by a multiple of 3.
Dark Era and Photon Age.
After all the black holes have evaporated (and after all the ordinary matter made of protons has disintegrated, if protons are unstable), the universe will be nearly empty. Photons, neutrinos, electrons, and positrons will fly from place to place, hardly ever encountering each other. Gravitationally, the universe will be dominated by dark matter, electrons, and positrons (not protons).
By this era, with only very diffuse matter remaining, activity in the universe will have tailed off dramatically (compared with previous eras), with very low energy levels and very large time scales. Electrons and positrons drifting through space will encounter one another and occasionally form positronium atoms. These structures are unstable, however, and their constituent particles must eventually annihilate. Other low-level annihilation events will also take place, albeit very slowly. The universe now reaches an extremely low-energy state. 
Beyond.
What happens after this is speculative. It is possible that a Big Rip event may occur far off into the future. Also, the universe may enter a second inflationary epoch, or, assuming that the current vacuum state is a false vacuum, the vacuum may decay into a lower-energy state. 
Finally, the universe may settle into this state forever, achieving true heat death.
Presumably, extreme low-energy states imply that localized quantum events become major macroscopic phenomena rather than negligible microscopic events because the smallest perturbations make the biggest difference in this era, so there is no telling what may happen to space or time. It is perceived that the laws of "macro-physics" will break down, and the laws of "quantum-physics" will prevail.
The universe could possibly avoid eternal heat death, by spontaneous entropy decrease either through quantum tunnelling or a Poincaré recurrence. Quantum tunnelling could produce a new Big Bang in roughly formula_1 years. A Poincaré recurrence could generate a new Big Bang the size of the currently observable universe in formula_2 years. Finally, a Poincaré recurrence could occur for the entire Universe, observable or not, assuming Linde's chaotic inflationary model with an inflaton whose mass is 10−6 Planck masses, in formula_3 years.
Future without proton decay.
If the proton does not decay, stellar-mass objects will still become black holes, but more slowly. The following timeline assumes that proton decay does not take place.
Matter decays into iron.
In 101500 years, cold fusion occurring via quantum tunnelling should make the light nuclei in ordinary matter fuse into iron-56 nuclei (see isotopes of iron.) Fission and alpha-particle emission should make heavy nuclei also decay to iron, leaving stellar-mass objects as cold spheres of iron, called iron stars.
Collapse of iron star to black hole.
Quantum tunnelling should also turn large objects into black holes. Depending on the assumptions made, the time this takes to happen can be calculated as from formula_4 years to formula_5 years. Quantum tunnelling may also make iron stars collapse into neutron stars in around formula_5 years.

</doc>
<doc id="18478322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478322" title="George Mayberry">
George Mayberry

George Mahoney Mayberry (24 July 1883 – 21 November 1961) was an Irish track and field athlete who competed in the 1908 Summer Olympics for the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.
He was born in Kenmare and died in Frant. In 1908 he participated in the triple jump event but his result is unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="18478323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478323" title="Love's Dying Wish">
Love's Dying Wish

"Love's Dying Wish" is the second full-length studio album by Tony Harnell led heavy metal band Starbreaker, released on August 1, 2008. It is the follow-up to their self-titled debut album from 2005.
The line-up on this album is the same except Jonni Lightfoot who replaced Fabrizio Grossi on bass. Tony Harnell has stated in an interview that "the album is a lot more aggressive than the first one".

</doc>
<doc id="18478329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478329" title="Goliath (Alten novel)">
Goliath (Alten novel)

Goliath is a science fiction novel by Steve Alten. It was released on September 9th, 2002. 
Plot Summary.
The story chronicles ex-Army Ranger Gunnar Wolfe escaping from being falsely imprisoned after attempting to wipe data from a computer on efforts to construct a new futuristic type of military submarine called "Goliath". The Chinese government, however, has been building a version of the submarine using stolen plans. The Chinese craft is stolen by Simon Covah, the antagonist who wants to use it as leverage over the world's governments and the CIA. Goliath is also equipped with an artificial intelligence program known as SORCERESS.

</doc>
<doc id="18478342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478342" title="Alpura (company)">
Alpura (company)

Alpura is a Mexican dairy products company based in Mexico City, with milk producers from Chihuahua, Hidalgo, Tlaxcala, Puebla and Guanajuato. It was founded in 1972. Currently, Alpura's products are sold in 27 states in Mexico and exported to the United States. Alpura processes 2 million liters of milk per day and sells more than 100 products. They distribute to supermarkets in Mexico.
History.
In the 50's each farmer produced their own milk, in their own way and they sold it individually in towns.
Alpura was founded in 1970 after a group of dairy producers from various parts of Mexico came together under the same goal of improving the quality of milk produced in the country.
They created the Asociación Nacional de Productores de Leche Pura S.A. de C.V or Alpura. Their main goal was to create a business plan to sell fresh milk all over Mexico. At the beginning, Alpura faced many critics from all sides who believed that their goal was impossible to accomplish. In order to prove them wrong, Alpura created commissions that covered different aspects of the business from establishing successful marketing techniques to organizing product distribution.
The factory began its construction in May 1971. Alpura was the first company to distribute milk all over the country. In Mexico it was very hard at the beginning, because consuming powder milk was cheaper. So Alpura came up with a plan to distribute quality milk in supermarkets with low prices to defeat the powder milk market. Also the client had the opportunity to choose from a variety of products Alpura offered. They introduced the ultra pasteurized (cheamically storage from temperature) 2000 milk. Alpura has always been a cooperative, it started with only a few shareholders but nowadays it has 254 of them. It also has 142 farmers and 106 thousand cows. Alpura produces 3 million liters and it offers more than 100 products. Within 24 hours of time of milking the company makes distributions of that milk to supermarkets in Mexico. Alpura has 15 centers of distribution and 60 distributors spaced throughout the country.
Alpura Group.
Alpura has over 142 ranch properties all over the Mexican Republic. Some of their main properties are located in Chihuahua, Coahuila, Durango, Guanajuato, Hidalgo, Jalisco, Estado de México, Querétaro and Tlaxcala. In the Alpura group there are 5,067 employees around 4,350 farmers and 2,320 distributors. The company has 11,737 employees. In the dairies that provide milk to Alpura, it owns all of the cows. This allows Alpura to supervise all aspects of herd management, such as the health and age of the cows. All the cows are of the Holstein breed. In the milking process the cows and the milk are never touch by the workers.
Products.
The amount and variety of dairy products of Alpura have grown through the years.
When Alpura introduced ultra-pasteurized milk, it changed the Mexican market. Before there was not a business plan to sell milk in Mexico and therefore there were no companies who sold milk. Also in the past the milk didn't have a specific production process. With the ultra-pasteurization, all the bacteria are killed and the milk is made with a careful process.
Today, Alpura has five different dairy products with numerous brands under each type of product: milk, cream, yogurt, drinkable yogurt and dessert cups.
Milk can be Classic, Semi, and Light in Pasteurized and Ultra Pasteurized, Special (ex. Extra Light, W/out Lactose, No Cholesterol), Alpura Fruit (in ultra-pasteurized and to-go), Dry milk, flavors (such as chocolate, vanilla and strawberry), Alpura Kids, and formula milk. Cream 2000, and Reduced Fat.
Yogurt is: Probiotic in Strawberry or Peach, With Fruits (strawberry, peach, apple, mango, forest fruit, pineapple coconut, and blackberry), Natural, Creamy, Vivendi (beauty, purifying, digestion, defenses), With Cereal (strawberry, peach, apple-peach, forest fruit)
The Drinkable Yogurt is of most of the same flavors as regular yogurt in Regular, Probiotic, and Vivendi.
Dessert cups are Fruit w/ Cream (strawberry, peach, mango).
Alpura's ultrapasteurized milk package is called Tetra top. It's a roll of cardboard packaging with a plastic lid. It takes the form on the filling process.
This tetra top is known as a carton of milk, juice, wine etc. according to content. The nickname implies confusion with recycling, to be carried out in the yellow containers of plastic and metal.
Health and nutrition.
The company has made a number of nutritional advancements that include employing nutritionists. The Nutritionist Valeria Rubio has researched the benefits of milk made by Alpura, helped develop recipes focused on nutrition, and advanced research about the benefits of milk in general.
Awards and distinctions.
Alpura received the “Mexico Supreme Quality Recognition”.
The award is aimed at food businesses which have a strong background in production, sale and distribution of food. Alpura received the Mexico Supreme Quality Recognition 2009 due to distinguishing itself as a company committed to the quality of the products offered to consumers, respect for the environment and social responsibility. This award is aimed at small, medium and large agro-food sector businesses that maintain the highest quality and also have current certification.
Although the market for liquid milk products in Mexico as a whole has seen steady growth since 2006, some products did not fare as well. To cope with the reduction in demand for their products, premium Alpura Group sought a new way to attract consumers. The Tetra Top solution was to open in a single step in a Tetra Pak carton which is easy to grasp, open, close, back and recycling and has a tamper-proof device incorporated in the lid for extra comfort consumer.
The initial goal was to increase fresh milk sales by 15%, but "In just six months from April to November 2009, our sales increased 28% in Mexico City and throughout the country at 23%" says Rivers Castelazo. "Both retailers and consumers are happy with the opening of a single step of Tetra Top. This new packaging was key to return to renew our brand, making our product one of the most modern and attractive."
Alpura against fake milk products.
The dairy industry and the Ministry of Economy have been working for three years in a Mexican Official Standard for cheese and one for the yogurt, but no progress. Alpura processed milk, cheese and yogurt, and transnational corporations only make cheese and yogurt, but the first use milk and other, similar substances. Alpura uses natural products in all aspects, from milk to its new range of fruit products. Alpura, a national company, constantly strives to the delight of the Mexiana giving added value to their product is natural. 
Alpura produced annually more than 900 million liters, took the battle to launch its new Selecta, a premium milk will help the firm to "stay ahead with products that promote health and meet the real needs of their consumers, "said Enrique Saeki, brand manager.

</doc>
<doc id="18478346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478346" title="Mia Colucci">
Mia Colucci

Mia Colucci may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18478349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478349" title="1st Brigade Combat Team">
1st Brigade Combat Team

1st Brigade Combat Team or 1 BCT is a modularized brigade of the United States Army. It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18478351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478351" title="Zena El Khalil">
Zena El Khalil

Zena El Khalil (born 1976) is a Lebanese artist, writer, and activist.
Biography.
Born in London, England, El Khalil spent her childhood in Nigeria and then attended high school in England. She then went to Beirut where she attained her undergraduate degree from the American University in Beirut. In 2002 El Khalil received her Masters of Fine Arts from the School of Visual Arts in New York.
El Khalil works in a variety of formats ranging from painting, installation, performance, mixed media, writing, video, and collage. Themes that are central to her work include issues of violence as well as gender using materials found throughout Beirut. Photocopied images of militiamen and women, civilians and family members are embellished with everything from plastic flowers, glitter, strings of lights, keffiyehs, plastic toy soldiers, toy AK-47s, arabesques, beads, fabrics, and other objects that best convey the diversity of the city she takes her inspiration from. She has exhibited in the United States, Europe, Africa and the Middle East. She has had solo exhibitions in London, Munich, and Beirut. El Khalil currently lives and works in Beirut.
El Khalil has remained active promoting emerging and under-represented Arab artists through several projects. While in New York, she was a co-founder and curator of Al -Jisser. She also became the co- founder, director and curator of xanadu*. Created as an "ungallery art space/collective", xanadu* began in New York City as a not for profit organization dedicated to promoting emerging and under - represented artists. Currently, xanadu* is based in Beirut with a small extension on New York City. 
During the July War in Lebanon, El Khalil immediately began maintaining beirutupdate from her apartment in Beirut. Her blog was a personal account of the siege on Beirut that lasted for 33 days and its impact on her and the people around her. It quickly received international attention and was highly publicized on news portals such as CNN and the BBC. Excerpts were published in daily papers, including The Guardian and Der Spiegel Online. Her writing was also included in the anthology "Lebanon, Lebanon" published by Saqi Books. In the aftermath of that war, Zena El Khalil curated with Sandra Dagher Nafas Beirut, a multimedia exhibition including 40 artists testimonies of the war.
In May 2008, El Khalil was invited by the Nobel Peace Center to participate in a panel discussion on freedom of expression on the internet. The seminar was organized by the Norwegian Board of Technology and The Nobel Peace Center. Among the speakers were Jimmy Wales, co-founder of Wikipedia and Jonathan Zittrain, one of the principal investigators of the Open Net Initiative.
In 2008 El Khalil also completed her first novel, "Beirut, I Love You", published by Saqi Books. The book will be released in November 2008 in Lebanon and April 2009 in London.
Work.
Selected Group Exhibitions.
Novels

</doc>
<doc id="18478353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478353" title="30th meridian west">
30th meridian west

The meridian 30° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, Greenland, the Atlantic Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 30th meridian west forms a great circle with the 150th meridian east.
From Pole to Pole.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 30th meridian west passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="18478356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478356" title="Hapalomantis minima">
Hapalomantis minima

Hapalomantis minima is a species of praying mantis in the genus "Hapalomantis". This mantis is native to Africa but according to a 1998 paper it "must be deleted from the list of the Mantodea known from Angola".

</doc>
<doc id="18478360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478360" title="Manuel Aguirre">
Manuel Aguirre

Manuel Aguirre may refer to:
Other.
Manuel Aguirre is also the name of a character in Rebelde Way, an Argentine telenovela

</doc>
<doc id="18478365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478365" title="West Linn Tidings">
West Linn Tidings

The West Linn Tidings is a newspaper published in West Linn, Oregon, United States, a suburb of Portland. It is owned by the Pamplin Media Group.

</doc>
<doc id="18478367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478367" title="Charles Williams (athlete)">
Charles Williams (athlete)

Charles Harold Williams (June 23, 1887 – December 15, 1971) was a British track and field athlete who competed in the 1908 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Wolverhampton and died in Malvern, Worcestershire.
In 1908 he finished eleventh in the long jump event.

</doc>
<doc id="18478400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478400" title="List of mills in Fall River, Massachusetts">
List of mills in Fall River, Massachusetts

The city of Fall River, Massachusetts once had over 120 cotton textile mills and was the leading cotton textile center in the United States during the late 19th century and early 20th century.
There are currently about 66 historic textile mills remaining in the city, as well as other related structures. Many have been added to the National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="18478406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478406" title="Sergio Bustamante">
Sergio Bustamante

Sergio Bustamante is a Mexican Artist and sculptor. Though born in Culiacan, Sinaloa, Mexico, Sergio Bustamante has lived in the Guadalajara area since early childhood. In his youth, he studied architecture at the University of Guadalajara, but abandoned this pursuit when his talents and interests drew him to the fine arts and crafts.
He began with paintings and paper mache figures, inaugurating the first exhibit of his works at the Galeria Misracha in Mexico City in 1966. In the early 1970s, he traveled to Amsterdam, where he further developed his talents. After his return to Guadalajara, he established in 1975, along with other artists, the "Family Workshop Studio" in Tlaquepaque, Jalisco, Mexico.
While Bustamante's works initially focused on painting and paper mache, his talents led, in the mid-1970s, to the creation of sculptures in wood and bronze, many reflecting animal themes. 1979 marked the inauguration of innovative furniture designs in wood and glass with bronze accents, currently available in distinctive patterns and motifs. The creation of ceramic sculptures in the mid-1980s provided avenues for the use of color and form in ways not previously explored. In 1992, the initiation of an extensive line of exquisite jewelry in bronze, gold and silver, many set with precious and semi-precious stones and, again, often reflecting animal themes, marked a new and expansive direction for his creations. In this same year, a new series of paper mache sculptures was introduced. In the new millennium, Bustamante continues to explore new paths for the further expression of his imaginative and gifted talents.
Each piece belongs to a limited edition and is created by hand, therefore unique. A certificate of authenticity duly signed by the artists itself is attributed to each sculpture. All works are of very good quality, and pieces of small and big size up to four meters high are available. The Mexican government has even elected them for official gifts to state governors and to high personalities. Since the 1960s, Sergio Bustamante has been internationally recognized in the world of creative arts and crafts. His works are on demand around the globe in such countries as Mexico, United States, Japan, Europe, and recently Russia; giving the probability that his works will increase in value over the years.

</doc>
<doc id="18478413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478413" title="3rd Brigade Combat Team">
3rd Brigade Combat Team

3rd Brigade Combat Team or 3 BCT is a modularized brigade of the United States Army. It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18478414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478414" title="Rogério Matias">
Rogério Matias

Rogério Pedro Campinho Marques Matias (born 22 October 1974 in Vila Franca de Xira, Lisbon) is a Portuguese retired footballer who played as a left defender.
Football career.
During his career, Matias represented Amora FC, Académica de Coimbra, C.F. União de Coimbra, F.C. Maia, S.C. Campomaiorense, Vitória Sport Clube – his most steady period was spent with the Guimarães club as he played in six consecutive first division seasons, starting in five of those – Standard de Liège and Rio Ave FC, retiring at nearly 35.
Matias made his debuts with Portugal in 2003, earning five caps under manager Luiz Felipe Scolari. Over the course of nine seasons in the main category, he amassed totals of 221 games and five goals.

</doc>
<doc id="18478436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478436" title="Zorobabel Rodríguez (boxer)">
Zorobabel Rodríguez (boxer)

Zorobabel Rodríguez Rodríguez (born April 13, 1902, date of death unknown) was a Chilean boxer who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
In 1924 he was eliminated in the first round of the lightweight class after losing his fight to the upcoming gold medalist Hans Jacob Nielsen.

</doc>
<doc id="18478438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478438" title="Paramantis nyassana">
Paramantis nyassana

Paramantis nyassana is a species of praying mantis in genus "Paramantis". Before a 1998 paper showed it was present in Zimbabwe it was "hitherto unknown in Africa south of the Zambezi River".

</doc>
<doc id="18478452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478452" title="Jacob Ciocci">
Jacob Ciocci

Jacob Ciocci is an American visual artist, performance artist and musician. Along with sister Jessica Ciocci and friend Ben Jones, he is one of the three remaining founding members of Paper Rad, an artist collective based in both Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania and Providence, Rhode Island. He also performs and tours regularly with drummer David Wightman in the band 'Extreme Animals,' based in both San Diego, Ca and Pittsburgh, Pa.
He received his BA from Oberlin College and his MFA from Carnegie Mellon University in 2005. In 2006 he received a 'Creative Heights' Grant from Heinz Endowments to be the Artist in Residence at the Pittsburgh Filmmakers film cooperative.
He has also gone by the name ROTFLOL.
External links.
<noinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="18478462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478462" title="1973 EgyptAir Ilyushin Il-18 crash">
1973 EgyptAir Ilyushin Il-18 crash

The EgyptAir Ilyushin Il-18 crash occurred on 29 January 1973. The turboprop ran the international route between Cairo International Airport and the now defunct Nicosia International Airport. All 37 people on board died. It was the fourth accident, and the third with fatalities, involving the newly established EgyptAir.
The plane crashed in the Kyrenia mountain range in Cyprus on its descent while approaching the runway from the north. The resulting explosion, about from Nicosia airport, resulted in a fire which was put out by the Cypriot National Guard. The turboprop hit the mountain at an altitude of ( below the crest). The black box of the aircraft was analysed in Moscow. 
Passenger nationalities were: 14 Britons, 7 US citizens, 2 Swedes, 1 French, 3 Egyptians, 1 Jordanian, 1 Canadian, 1 Irish. All 7 members of the crew were Egyptian.

</doc>
<doc id="18478479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478479" title="Angel Orensanz Center">
Angel Orensanz Center

The Angel Orensanz Center (originally Anshe Chesed Synagogue; also formerly known as the Norfolk Street Congregation and Anshe Slonim Synagogue) is located at 172 Norfolk Street (between Stanton Street and East Houston Street) on the Lower East Side of Manhattan, New York. It is housed in a Gothic Revival synagogue, built in 1849 for Congregation Ansche Chesed (People of Kindness). 
It is the oldest surviving synagogue building in New York City, and the fourth-oldest surviving synagogue building in the United States. It was the largest synagogue in the United States at the time of its construction, and is one of the few built in Gothic Revival style. 
The synagogue was built by Reform Congregation Ansche Chesed (People of Kindness), a congregation of primarily German Jews that was the third Jewish congregation in New York City. The building was designed by Eisenach/Germany-born architect Alexander Saeltzer. It was sold to Congregation Shaari Rachmim (Gates of Mercy) in 1873, to The First Hungarian Congregation Ohab Zedek (To Love Righteousness) in 1886, and to congregation Sheveth Achim Anshe Slonim in 1921, which used it until 1974. That year, the synagogue was abandoned, and it was later vandalized.
Spanish sculptor and painter Angel Orensanz purchased the property in 1986. He restored it, and converted it into an art gallery and performance space known as the Angel Orensanz Foundation Center for the Arts. The building was designated a historic landmark by New York City the following year. It has subsequently become home to the Shul of New York, a liberal Reform synagogue.
History.
Early history.
The synagogue was built by Congregation Ansche Chesed (People of Kindness). Formed in 1825, Congregation Ansche Chesed consisted primarily of German Jews, as well as Dutch Jews and Polish Jews. They were mostly recent immigrants. It was the third Jewish congregation in New York City, after Shearith Israel (1655; from which the members of Congregation Ansche Chesed broke away) and B'nai Jeshurun (1825). 
Congregation Achsche Chesed purchased the three lots upon which the synagogue was built, at 172 Norfolk Street (between Stanton Street and East Houston Street), on the Lower East Side of New York City, New York, in April 1849, for $10,500 (today $). The lots had originally been part of Peter Stuyvesant's estate. 
The synagogue building was designed by Jewish, Berlin-born architect Alexander Saeltzer, who was engaged in February 1849. Saeltzer also later designed the original Astor Library (now The Public Theater) in 1851, and the Academy of Music on Astor Place in 1854. The synagogue's Gothic Revival style was inspired by the Cologne Cathedral in Cologne, Germany, and Friedrichwerdesche Kirche in Berlin. According to a 1987 report by the New York City Landmarks Preservation Commission, while Gothic architecture is closely associated with Christianity, it had also become popular with synagogues as Jewish congregations had taken over old church buildings and become accustomed to the style, and viewed it as just as appropriate as any other architectural style.
The building opened in 1849 as Anshe Chesed Synagogue, and was also known as the Norfolk Street Congregation. The synagogue was formally opened and consecrated on May 16, 1850, with New York City's mayor and a number of members of the New York City Common Council and Christian clergy among the invited guests. It was the largest synagogue in the United States, and could hold up to 1,500 worshipers (with men on the main floor, and women in the gallery). It was the first German-Jewish synagogue in New York, and the second Reform synagogue after Congregation Emanu-El (1845). 
Its members were traditional in their beliefs, and the congregation was "moderately traditionalist." Services were conducted primarily in German. It diverged from Orthodox tradition in that its hazzan and the pulpit faced the congregation (rather than being located in the center of the congregation), and the services were accompanied by musical instruments, including an organ that was added in 1869 at the same time as family pews were introduced, with men and women sitting together. A choir of men and women was also introduced. In the 1850s, it had the largest membership of any synagogue in the United States. Munich-born Dr. Max Lilienthal was the first rabbi at the new synagogue. Dr. Jonah Bondy became the synagogue's rabbi in 1858.
In 1874, Congregation Ansche Chesed merged with Congregation Adas Jeshurun and re-located uptown to Lexington Avenue and East 63rd Street, and formed Congregation Beth El. That congregation subsequently merged into Congregation Emanu-El, in 1927. The synagogue was later used by Eastern European Orthodox Jewish congregations, which in keeping with Orthodox practice removed the organ, turned the pulpit so that it faced East, and conducted the services in Hebrew. It was first sold to Congregation Shaari Rachmim (Gates of Mercy) in 1873, which used it until 1886. Then, as Shaari Rachim moved to New York City's Upper West Side, the synagogue was sold to The First Hungarian Congregation Ohab Zedek (To Love Righteousness) in 1886, which used it as its home until 1921. A congregation named Sheveth Achim Anshe Slonim (People of Slonim, Belarus; founded in 1888), worshiped there from 1921 until 1974, and called it Anshe Slonim Synagogue. By 1974, membership in the synagogue had dwindled as the neighborhood changed and the Slonim community had dispersed. The synagogue was abandoned, and was being vandalized.
Recent history.
Jewish Spanish sculptor and painter Angel Orensanz purchased the property in 1986. He restored it, and converted it into an art gallery and performance space, the Angel Orensanz Foundation for the Arts. The building was designated an historic landmark by New York City in 1987.
The Shul of New York, a liberal Reform synagogue organized in 1997 that is led by Rabbi Burt Siegel and whose services are accompanied by the , originally held its Sabbath services at the synagogue, and now holds its Rosh Hashanah and Yom Kippur services there. It is the oldest standing synagogue in New York City. 
Sarah Jessica Parker and Matthew Broderick were married there, in 1997. Mandy Patinkin's "Mamaloshen" was also performed there, and Nobel Prize winner Elie Wiesel, poet Maya Angelou, playwright Arthur Miller, actress Tyne Daly, composer Philip Glass, and singers Whitney Houston and Mariah Carey have performed there. It was also the venue for the live recording of MTV Unplugged: A Live Album by singer Florence Welch of Florence + The Machine. Taking Back Sunday's live acoustic album 'Live From Orensanz' was also recorded here.
Structure.
The building's interior resembles that of the Cathedral of Notre-Dame in Paris. The sanctuary was designed to resemble the Sistine Chapel. 
The building is wide, and deep. It has a main space of 7,000 square feet (and an assembly room of 4,000 square feet), and high cathedral blue ceilings. It has pointed arch tall lancet windows (originally surrounded by trefoil tracery and moldings) and doorways (surrounded by parts of moldings showing engaged columns and foliate capitals). Its larger center door is crowned by triangular molding that is almost as high as the second floor, which contains a Magen David with thin pinnacles on either side. It also has interior wooden vaults, and several tiers of balconies (one of the top ones of which contains a permanent studio of Angel Orensanz). It has a tripartite front facade of red stone brick, covered with stucco, framed at its top by a pointed gable. Originally, the building was three stories high and topped by concave pyramidal roofs with finials atop them, but today it is two stories high and topped by buttressed, clearly differentiated side square towers on either side of the center section. The towers were an unusual feature at the time they were built, containing articulated stairwells to the galleries. Its original ceiling was deep blue, with gold stars.

</doc>
<doc id="18478485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478485" title="Hu Zao">
Hu Zao

Hu Zao (Hu Tsao, traditional: 胡慥, simplified: 胡慥); was a Chinese landscape painter during the Qing Dynasty (1644–1912), one of the Eight Masters of Nanjing. His specific years of birth and death are not known.
Hu was born in the Jiangsu province. His style name was 'Shigong'. Hu painted landscapes and human figures, and specialized in sketching chrysanthemums.

</doc>
<doc id="18478488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478488" title="Federico Borrell García">
Federico Borrell García

Federico Borrell García (January 3, 1912 – September 5, 1936) was a Spanish Republican and anarchist militiaman during the Spanish Civil War, commonly thought to be the subject in the famous Robert Capa photo "The Falling Soldier" (Loyalist Militiaman at the Moment of Death, Cerro Muriano, September 5, 1936).
He was born in Benilloba, Valencian Community, and went by the nickname "Taino". He worked at a mill in Alcoi and he founded the local branch of the anarchist Iberian Federation of Libertarian Youth (FIJL). He joined the local Loyalist militia, the Columna Alcoiana, set up to defend the Spanish Republic against the Spanish Nationalist forces of Francisco Franco.
According to some sources, on the morning of September 5, 1936, Borrell was one of about fifty men who arrived at Cerro Muriano in Córdoba to reinforce the militia against Francoist forces commanded by General José Enrique Varela. During that afternoon Borrell was defending the artillery battery to the rear of the Alcoi infantry when enemy troops infiltrated behind the Loyalists and fired at them from behind. Borrell was fatally shot around five o’clock on or near the hill known as La Loma de las Malagueñas. According to Spanish government records, he was the only member of the Columna Alcoiana to die in the fighting at Cerro Muriano that day. Everisto García, his brother, identified him from the photo.
Other versions claim that Borrell could have been shot and killed by rebels when posing for Robert Capa. The documentary "La sombra del iceberg" claims that the picture was staged and that Borrell is not the individual in the picture.
It is not known where Borrell, or the other, unidentified, militiaman killed shortly after, are buried, although the most likely place is the nearby cemetery at Villaharta.

</doc>
<doc id="18478495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478495" title="Feminist Formations">
Feminist Formations

Feminist Formations is a peer-reviewed academic journal established in 1988 as the NWSA Journal (also known as "The National Women's Studies Association Journal"); the name was changed beginning with the Spring 2010 issue. It publishes interdisciplinary and multicultural feminist scholarship in women's, gender, and sexuality studies linking feminist theory with teaching and activism. In addition to its essays focusing on feminist scholarship and its reviews of books, the journal regularly publishes special issues focused on topics especially important in the field of women’s studies. The journal is published three times per year by the Johns Hopkins University Press.

</doc>
<doc id="18478498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478498" title="4th Brigade Combat Team">
4th Brigade Combat Team

4th Brigade Combat Team or 4 BCT is a modularized brigade of the United States Army. Each division of the United States Army fields 4th Brigade Combat Teams numbered from 1-4.

</doc>
<doc id="18478525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478525" title="25th meridian west">
25th meridian west

The meridian 25° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, Greenland, the Atlantic Ocean, Cape Verde Islands, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 25th meridian west forms a great circle with the 155th meridian east.
In Antarctica, the meridian defines the eastern limit of Argentina's territorial claim and passes through the British claim - the two claims overlap.
From Pole to Pole.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 25th meridian west passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="18478535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478535" title="Wang Gang (actor)">
Wang Gang (actor)

Wang Gang (born 1948) is a Chinese actor and host. He is best known for his role as Heshen, a corrupt Qing Dynasty official favoured by the Qianlong Emperor, in many television series. He first came to prominence in 1986 for hosting the CCTV New Year's Gala. Wang has also hosted the CCTV programme "Friends" since 2000. He won a Golden Eagle Award for Best Supporting Actor in 1997 for his performance in "Liu the Hunchback Chancellor" (宰相刘罗锅). He also hosts Liaoning TV's talk show "Wang Gang Telling Stories" (王刚讲故事).
Personal life.
On 8 November 2006, Wang married a woman he met on the internet in 2005 and has been chatting with since then. In August 2008, when Wang was around 60 years old, his wife gave birth to their son.

</doc>
<doc id="18478536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478536" title="Glenn Nye">
Glenn Nye

Glenn Carlyle Nye III (born September 9, 1974) is an American politician who was the U.S. Representative for from 2009 to 2011. He is a member of the Democratic Party. He was defeated in his attempt to attain re-election on November 2, 2010.
The district includes all of Virginia Beach and the Eastern Shore, as well as parts of Norfolk and Hampton.
Early life, education and career.
Nye was born in Philadelphia, but his family has lived in the Hampton Roads area for five generations. He grew up in Norfolk and graduated from high school at Norfolk Academy. A graduate of the Edmund A. Walsh School of Foreign Service at Georgetown University in Washington, D.C., he volunteered on medical education missions to the Middle East while in college. He began his foreign service career focusing on economic development in war-torn Eastern Europe while working for the U.S. Director at the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development.
Government career.
Nye joined the U.S. State Department in 2001, where he served in Kosovo and Macedonia as a member of the Foreign Service. During the Macedonian Conflict in 2001 he helped secure the release of U.S. hostages, and was instrumental in the rescue of 26 American citizens who were trapped behind Albanian insurgent lines at the Battle at Aračinovo. For this, Nye received the State Department’s Superior Honor Award.
Nye was then posted to the U.S. Embassy in Singapore, where he helped protect U.S. intellectual property rights during the negotiation of the U.S.-Singapore Free Trade Agreement. From there he volunteered to go to Afghanistan, spending almost a year as part of a U.S. government sponsored team managing the historic Afghan Constitution Commission and supporting the country's first Presidential election.
He also managed a U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID) community development program in the West Bank and Gaza. He served as Operations Director in the Middle East by registering eligible voters in major U.S. cities for Iraq's Transitional National Assembly election. In Iraq, Nye led operations to create jobs for Iraqis as part of the counter-insurgency effort. After returning to Virginia, he advised a USAID program working closely with military colleagues to stabilize Iraqi neighborhoods by creating employment for over 70,000 Iraqis.
In an interview with CQ Politics, Nye explained why he decided to run for Congress: "There is only so much one can do on the executing end of foreign policy in terms of advancing American interests, and there’s only so much you can do to influence the policy from the outside. I was frustrated with the course of the country, and I was prepared to offer my service to try to bring some expertise into the Congress that I think the Congress is lacking."
Nye and Drake had clashed over energy policy. Drake supported new drilling in Alaska and along the continental shelf off the East Coast. Nye stated that oil companies can and should expand existing oil fields which are now economically feasible to exploit.
Political positions.
Soon after being sworn in, Nye joined the Blue Dog Coalition, a caucus of conservative Democrats. 
Nye voted with the Democratic majority for the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 and the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act of 2009. Nye joined with 43 other Democrats to vote against the American Clean Energy and Security Act in June 2009, and in November 2009, Nye voted along with 38 other Democrats against the Affordable Health Care for America Act., saying that the bill did not do enough to reduce health care costs, and that it cut too much money from children's hospitals. Nye voted against the Stupak Amendment. 
Nye was endorsed by the Chamber of Commerce and the National Federation of Independent Business.
Political campaigns.
2008.
Nye won the Democratic nomination for the 2nd District and faced Drake in the November election. Nye's donations from national Democrats, including House Speaker Nancy Pelosi of California, Majority Leader Steny Hoyer of Maryland and Representative Charles Rangel of New York, reflected the interest of the party in his race. Although they endorsed his opponent in 2006, Nye was endorsed by The Virginian-Pilot in 2008.
In the November election, Nye defeated Drake with 52 percent of the vote. The 2nd District saw a Democratic Party sweep in 2008, with both Barack Obama and Mark Warner winning the district in the Presidential and Senate races, respectively.
2010.
Nye was defeated by Republican nominee Scott Rigell, a businessman and automobile dealer. Independent Kenny Golden, a retired Navy Commodore was also on the ballot.
Electoral history.
!|Year
!|Democrat
!|Votes
!|Pct
!|Republican
!|Votes
!|Pct
!Independent
!Votes
!Pct
Current.
In March 2011 Glenn Nye accepted a position at the German Marshall Fund where he continues to secure communications between the United States and Europe.
In September 2011 Glenn Nye joined the Hanover Investment Group as the Senior Political Advisor.

</doc>
<doc id="18478537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478537" title="Araria (Lok Sabha constituency)">
Araria (Lok Sabha constituency)

Araria Lok Sabha constituency () is one of the 40 Lok Sabha (parliamentary) constituencies in Bihar state in eastern India. It is reserved for Scheduled Castes.
Assembly segments.
Araria Lok Sabha constituency comprises the following six assembly segments:
Members of Parliament.
The following is the list of the Members of Parliament elected from this constituency:

</doc>
<doc id="18478549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478549" title="Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Worship">
Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Worship

The Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Worship () is the Argentine government ministry which oversees the foreign relations of Argentina.
The current Foreign Minister is Héctor Timerman.

</doc>
<doc id="18478569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478569" title="Hawlemont Regional Elementary School">
Hawlemont Regional Elementary School

Hawlemont Regional Elementary School is a public elementary school located in Charlemont, Massachusetts, United States. The school's name is a portmanteau derived from the two towns it serves, Hawley and Charlemont. In addition to those two towns, students from other nearby towns attend Hawlemont via school choice.
History.
The three story building located on the west side of the present day facility was originally the site of the Charlemont High School, which closed when Mohawk Trail Regional High School opened in nearby Buckland, Massachusetts. The east side of the present day facility was constructed a few years before this transition and has housed the elementary school ever since.
Starting in 1981, the Academy at Charlemont, a private middle and high school, was housed in the former Charlemont High School building for nearly a decade. Due to an increasing student population at Hawlemont, the Academy at Charlemont's lease was terminated by the Town of Charlemont, leading to the building being incorporated into the elementary school. During the transition, Hawlemont maintained a classroom in the present day Post Office building west of campus, calling it Hawlemont West.
The original high school and elementary school buildings were connected as part of a large renovation project starting around 2000. At the height of this project in 2001, the elementary school was temporarily housed at nearby Berkshire East Ski Resort.

</doc>
<doc id="18478570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478570" title="Ferdinando De Petrillo">
Ferdinando De Petrillo

Ferdinando De Petrillo (August 11, 1904 – ??) was an Italian boxer who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
In 1924 he was eliminated in the first round of the lightweight class after losing his fight to Richard Savignac.

</doc>
<doc id="18478571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478571" title="Kuttikole">
Kuttikole

Kuttikole is a village in the Kasaragod district of Kerala, India. It has an agriculture-based economy, and produces areca nut, coconut, cashew nut, and rubber. It has a tropical climate, with hot humid weather most of the year.
The village economy is becoming more dependent on jobs in construction and industry. The village has a staunch communist base politically; they have played a significant part in development of the village.
The village has facilities such as a fire station, liquor shops, hospitals, and telephones.
The village is known for a local drink called "Rak". Rak is made from fermented cashew nuts and locally available nuts. However, it is illegal.
Tourist attractions include temples and telephone tower in Mahakalippara. 
The Village is known for people with integrity and helpful nature. 
The favorite cuisine of this village is Orotty and Koyeekottan (chicken pieces cooked in red chilly and onions). 

</doc>
<doc id="18478575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478575" title="Blackmore's Night discography">
Blackmore's Night discography

On this page, you will find the complete discography of the band Blackmore's Night. Over the years, they have released 8 studio albums, 8 commercial singles, 2 live albums and 1 compilation albums.

</doc>
<doc id="18478580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478580" title="Huang Ding">
Huang Ding

Huang Ding (); ca. 1650-1730 was a Chinese landscape painter and poet active during the Qing Dynasty (1644–1912).
Huang was born in Changshu in the Jiangsu province. His style names was 'Zhungu' and his sobriquets were 'Kuangting, Xianpu, and Du wangke'. Huang's landscapes were painted in the style of Wang Yuanqi, showing great strength through its imagery. He traveled extensively, and the varied destinations appear in many of his paintings.

</doc>
<doc id="18478583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478583" title="Charlemont High School">
Charlemont High School

Charlemont High School may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18478586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478586" title="Arrah (Lok Sabha constituency)">
Arrah (Lok Sabha constituency)

Arrah Lok Sabha constituency () is one of the 40 Lok Sabha (parliamentary) constituencies in Bihar state in eastern India. 
Arrah Lok Sabha constituency comprises the following seven Vidhan Sabha (legislative assembly) segments: Sandesh, Barhara, Arrah, Agiaon, Tarari, Jagdishpur
and Shahpur.
Members of Parliament.
Following is the list of the Members of Parliament elected from this Lok Sabha constituency:

</doc>
<doc id="18478634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478634" title="Bavarian S 2/5">
Bavarian S 2/5

The Class S 2/5 express locomotives of the Royal Bavarian State Railways ("Königlich Bayerische Staats-Eisenbahnen") were the first steam engines in Germany to be built with full-length bar frames ("durchgehendem Barrenrahmen"). The prototypes for this type of frame were the two locomotives imported in 1900 from Baldwin Locomotive Works in the USA, that had been similarly classified as the S 2/5.
History.
In 1904, Maffei built ten engines that shared many of the same components as the S 3/5, which was developed in parallel. For example, they did not use a wider firebox, which would have been possible given the wheel arrangement, in order to be able to use one that could be used on the S 3/5. So the firebox was only around 90 mm wider than the bar frame of the locomotive. For manufacturing reasons the sole bar was still not made of one piece, but forged from several bars.
For the first time in Bavaria a driving wheel diameter of 2,000 mm was chosen instead of the 1,870 mm diameter hitherto the norm for express train locomotives. Like the locomotives imported from the USA, they had a four-cylinder compound engine. However the usual European (von Borries) configuration with two inside and two outside cylinders was used instead of the Vauclain compound system.
On test runs, one of the locomotives reached 135 km/h; in normal use, 110 km/h was the top speed. The locomotives were initially stabled at Munich I shed and hauled such famous trains as the Orient Express and the North-South Express, amongst others. But, as on all German Atlantics the traction of the two driven axles was soon insufficient. The S 2/5 was not blessed with a long time in service, although the locomotive had very good riding qualities and was seen as a genuinely fast runner.
In 1910 the locomotives went across to the Palatine network to Ludwigshafen shed and also to the Nuremberg repair shop. In 1922 only eight S 2/5 engines remained. The Deutsche Reichsbahn took over just five locomotives as the Class  14.1, numbered 14 141–145. They were retired in 1927. 
The locomotives had Bavarian 2'2' T 21 tenders.

</doc>
<doc id="18478643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478643" title="Taichung Basin">
Taichung Basin

Taichung Basin () is located in the central region of western Taiwan. It occupies some parts of Taichung City and Nantou County. It faces the Choshui River on the south; the hill lands of Nantou on the east; Tatu Plateau on the northwest; and Pakua Plateau on the southwest. A notch connecting Taichung Basin to the seacoast of Taichung City is located between two plateaus.

</doc>
<doc id="18478644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478644" title="Ma Yuanyu">
Ma Yuanyu

Ma Yuanyu (Ma Yüan-yü, traditional: 馬元馭, simplified: 马元驭); ca. 1669-1722 was a Chinese painter during the Qing Dynasty (1644–1912).
Ma was born in Changshu in the Jiangsu province. His style name was 'Fuxi' (伏羲) and his sobriquets were 'Xixia' (棲霞) and 'Tianyu shanren' (天虞山人). Ma was taught by Yun Shouping, and specialized in Bird-and-flower painting.

</doc>
<doc id="18478654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478654" title="40th meridian west">
40th meridian west

The meridian 40° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, Greenland, the Atlantic Ocean, South America, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 40th meridian west forms a great circle with the 140th meridian east.
From Pole to Pole.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 40th meridian west passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="18478667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478667" title="Elimar Klebs">
Elimar Klebs

Elimar Klebs (15 October 1852 – 16 May 1918) was a German historian of ancient history. He was the brother of Georg Klebs.
Klebs was born in Braunsberg (Braniewo), Prussia. He studied in Berlin under Theodor Mommsen and Heinrich von Treitschke, receiving his doctorate in 1876 and his habilitation in 1883. He also worked as a Privatdozent in Berlin. Along with Hermann Dessau and Paul von Rohden, he was involved in producing the first edition of the Prussian Academy of Sciences' "Prosopographia Imperii Romani". Klebs prepared the first volume, letters A-C, which appeared in 1897. From the winter semester of 1906, he was a professor for Ancient History at the University of Marburg. Because of a serious illness, he was put on leave in 1913 and discharged from his academic duties the following year. He died in Marburg.
Klebs focused on Ancient Roman history, including the "Historia Augusta", the "Historia Apollonii", and Petronius. He also contributed to the "Realencyclopädie der Classischen Altertumswissenschaft".

</doc>
<doc id="18478668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478668" title="2008 Championship Gaming Series season">
2008 Championship Gaming Series season

In 2008, the Championship Gaming Series began its second season as a worldwide sports league for professional video gamers. A total of 18 teams representing cities in seven countries played in the league. The games supported included , Dead or Alive 4, FIFA 08, and Forza Motorsport 2.
Once again, the CGS was broadcast throughout the world on DirecTV in the United States and Latin America, British Sky Broadcasting in the United Kingdom and Europe, and STAR TV in Asia. The World Final was to be shown live on DirecTV and rebroadcast on G4.
The Birmingham Salvo were the 2008 World Champions after defeating the San Francisco Optx by 22 points to 15, in the final on July 28, 2008.
Regional results.
North America (Region 1).
The season in North America began on June 2, with the first televised game on DirecTV airing on June 16. The top four teams advanced to the playoffs: Carolina Core, Dallas Venom, New York 3D, and San Francisco Optx. The Chicago Chimera, winners of both World and North America titles in 2007, did not qualify for the '08 playoffs. The Los Angeles Complexity were also eliminated.
Semifinal results (July 2):
Final result (July 7):
Both Dallas and Carolina qualified automatically for the World Final.
Latin America (Region 2).
The Mexico City Furia defeated the Rio Sinistro, 22-16, on July 10 to gain the automatic qualifying spot for the World Final from this region.
United Kingdom/Europe (Regions 3 and 4).
The Birmingham Salvo beat the Berlin Allianz, 24-22, on June 28 for the championship trophy. However, both teams earned spots into the World Final.
Pan-Asia (Regions 5 and 6).
The Sydney Underground topped the Wuhan Dragon, 22-18, in the final game on July 10. Both teams were invited to the World Final.
Wild Card playoffs.
The remaining spot in the eight-team World Final (reduced from 12 in 2007) was decided in a three-team playoff among the Optx, the 3D, and the London Mint. The Optx defeated the 3D, 23-17, and then the Mint 25-21. Both games were played on July 3.
World Final.
The World Final tournament began on July 14. All matches were held at the Barker Hangar at Santa Monica Airport in southern California.
Quarterfinals.
"July 14:"
"July 16:"
Semifinals.
"NOTES: The Salvo won the second semifinal in overtime when Messy defeated Offbeat Ninja in DOA 4 Male. This match was held on July 21, but not shown on DirecTV until July 23."
Championship.
July 28:
"NOTE: The match was halted after four of nine rounds of the second half of CounterStrike: Source, as the Salvo had clinched the championship at that point. The most valuable players were Daveyskills and Picaso, the Forza Motorsports drivers for the Salvo."
Individual finals.
In addition to the team competition, the top players at each game competed for cash prizes. All events were held on July 12. The list of winners follows:
World of Warcraft.
The CGS also organized a tournament for World of Warcraft players. Nihilum Arena won the 2008 tournament final on July 19, the event was webcast live on the CGS website.

</doc>
<doc id="18478672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478672" title="Eaglepalooza">
Eaglepalooza

Eaglepalooza is the name of similar but unrelated events held at the University of Southern Mississippi and Florida Gulf Coast University. The name is a play on the concert festival Lalapalooza.
University of Southern Mississippi.
Eaglepalooza at USM is put on by the Southern Miss Student Government Association every year in association with local businesses and other campus organizations. The event has become a staple at Southern Miss and is used to bring together the local community and the students of USM. Eaglepalooza brings nationally known musical acts to the campus such as Dashboard Confessional, Gavin DeGraw, Sister Hazel, Train, Better Than Ezra, Mýa, Pat Green, and most recently American Idol Season 11 Winner Phillip Phillips.
2004.
The 2004 performance featured Gavin DeGraw.
2005.
The 2005 performance featured Dashboard Confessional.
2006.
The 2006 performance was originally slated to feature Sister Hazel and Chingy. Chingy cancelled the engagement mere months before it was to take place. Mýa was chosen as his replacement.
2007.
The 2007 Eaglepalooza featured R&B artist Eve and Robert Randolph and the Family Band.
2008.
In 2008 the festival featured Mutemath and David Barnes, among others.
2009.
The 2009 lineup included Grupo Fantasma, the Foulon Brothers, SMAASH, and Girl Talk.
2010.
The 2010 version of the event included We The Kings
2011.
The 2011 event featured performances by Melanie Fiona and SMAASH.
2013 (Spring).
The event was moved to the spring semester of the 2012-2013 school year and featured Churchill (band) and Elle Varner with Phillip Phillips.
2013 (Fall).
The 10th Annual event has been moved back to the fall semester and will be held on Friday November 15th at 6:00pm. The lineup will feature Needtobreathe with Rosco Bandana, the Adam Doleac Band, Mack Wilds, and DJ Bonics.
Florida Gulf Coast University.
Eaglepalooza at FGCU is put on by the Campus Recreation department and features a musical concert, giveaways, food, and activities such as inflatable games.
2007.
In 2007 Eaglepalooza featured musical acts by Young Joc, FGCU student performer S-jayy and the group Blacc Wolf Cartel. The event also included the championship flag football game, a basketball challenge, a rock-climbing wall and food vendors.
2008.
Busta Rhymes was the headline performer in 2008. [http://www.naplesnews.com/news/2008/nov/21/busta-rhymes-draws-thousands-fgcus-eaglepalooza/]
2009.
The 2009 event was on Friday, November 20 and featured live performances by Sean Paul and MIMS and also featured comedians Aries Spears and Roy Wood Jr.
2010.
The 2010 event was on Saturday, November 20. Far East Movement and LMFAO are scheduled to perform.
2011.
The 2011 event was on Thursday, November 17 and featured performances by Pitbull and Travis Porter.
References.
http://www.fgcu.edu/campusrec/Eaglepalooza.html
http://www.naplesnews.com/news/2007/nov/05/eaglepalooza_brings_games_and_more_fgcu/
http://www.usm.edu/pr/cms/index2.php?option=com_content&do_pdf=1&id=1078
http://media.www.studentprintz.com/media/storage/paper974/news/2006/11/21/News/Eaglepalooza.Rocks.Hub.City-2505046.shtml
http://www.myhattiesburg.com/forums/showthread.php?t=35162
http://www.jambase.com/Shows/Shows.aspx?VenueID=46379
http://media.www.studentprintz.com/media/storage/paper974/news/2006/11/21/News/Eaglepalooza.Rocks.Hub.City-2505046.shtml
Eaglepalooza Documentary
http://www.robertscreative.net/eaglepalooza/Eaglepalooza.mov

</doc>
<doc id="18478676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478676" title="The Best Yet">
The Best Yet

The Best Yet is the first "greatest hits" album from alternative rock band Switchfoot, released on November 4, 2008.
Columbia Records, the band's former record label, was the mastermind behind releasing the record, with heavy input concerning the tracklist coming directly from the band itself. "We want to make sure if it's got our name on it (that) it's a product we like," lead singer Jon Foreman explained. "So we're trying to steer (Columbia) in the right direction." A tentative tracklisting was announced August 20, 2008, but the official tracklisting was later announced on the band's official message boards by Switchfoot bassist Tim Foreman.
In its first week, "The Best Yet" sold 4,500 copies, marking it #123 on the Billboard 200 overall chart.
A live DVD titled "The Best Yet: Live in Nashville" was released later.
Track listing.
Deluxe Edition Bonus DVD Videos.
There is also a Deluxe Edition of "The Best Yet" that was released simultaneously and features music videos from throughout the band's career. It also features audio commentaries spaced throughout, with the band members talking about the songs chosen and the music videos chosen.
Track Listing.
Tour Edition.
This version is currently available during the band shows. It features less tracks than the normal edition, but is significantly cheaper. Also, it comes in a Discbox Slider instead of a jewel case.

</doc>
<doc id="18478684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478684" title="Ministry of Foreign Affairs (Bahrain)">
Ministry of Foreign Affairs (Bahrain)

The Ministry of Foreign Affairs is the Bahraini government ministry which oversees the international relations of Bahrain.
In April 2012, King Hamad appointed Ghanim Al Buainain, leader of the Salafist Al Asalah party, as the new Minister of State for Foreign Affairs.

</doc>
<doc id="18478691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478691" title="Montfort College of Performing Arts">
Montfort College of Performing Arts

Montfort College of Performing Arts is a stage school in Cork City in the Republic of Ireland; it specialises in vocal technique, mime, drama and musical theatre.
History.
Montforts was established in 1958 by Eileen Nolan, who had previously founded a group called the "Montfort Singers" which performed at the "Cork Opera House". Its success inspired her to found the school. The most recent productions were "Joseph & the Amazing Technicolour Dreamcoat" - Everyman Palace Theatre and "Snow White & the Seven Dwarves" - Firkin Crane. Upcoming productions include "Broadway Kidz" - Half Moon Theatre and "The Little Mermaid" - Everyman Palace Theatre.
Notable alumni.
Professional Theatre.
Teachers, who opened their own Drama Schools after qualifying with the Montforts include: Maura Currivan – Catherine Mahon Buckley – Geraldine Foley – Philip McTaggart Walsh – Rebecca Allman – Christopher Hennessy – Maria McCarthy – Nevin and Susan O'Driscoll (Singapore) – Elaine Carlisle (Wales) – Margo Carlisle

</doc>
<doc id="18478701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478701" title="ObliqSound">
ObliqSound

ObliqSound is an independent record label based in New York City, Paris and Hamburg.
It provides a home for artists around the globe interested in creating music that crosses the boundaries of traditional music labeling. Dedicated to both an instrumental and vocal series, ObliqSound endeavors to create a body of timeless, genre-defying music. In 2008 it signed vocalist Gretchen Parlato, whose label debut "In A Dream" hit #48 on the Billboard Jazz Charts on its first week on charts.

</doc>
<doc id="18478706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478706" title="Central New Bedford Historic District">
Central New Bedford Historic District

The Central New Bedford Historic District is one of nine historic districts in New Bedford, Massachusetts, United States. It is a rectangular area bounded by Acushnet Avenue and the older New Bedford Historic District on the east, School Street to the south, Middle Street on the north and 6th Street in the west.
Within it are 79 buildings, mostly commercial or mixed-use, including New Bedford's city hall. A few older buildings are in the Greek Revival style, but most are either Classical Revival or Romanesque Revival, more common in the late 19th century. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
History.
The district comprises the city's downtown section, built up during the time in the late 19th century when textiles had replaced whaling as the city's main industry.

</doc>
<doc id="18478709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478709" title="10th Group">
10th Group

In military terms, 10th Group may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18478715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478715" title="5th Group">
5th Group

In military terms, 5th Group may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18478716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478716" title="Bavarian E I">
Bavarian E I

The Bavarian Class E I steam locomotives operated by the Royal Bavarian State Railways encompassed four different variants of saturated steam, goods train locomotive with a 2-8-0 wheel arrangement.
Standard variant, older type.
The first series of E I's was built by Krauss in 12 examples. The cylinders were positioned in front of the carrying axle and drove the first coupled axle. The carrying and driving axles were linked together in a Krauss-Helmholtz bogie. In addition the outside Walschaerts ("Heusinger") valve gear had very short connecting rods on the engines delivered to Bavaria.
The vehicles were coupled with Bavarian Class bay 2'2' T 18 tenders. Later they were equipped with Class 3 T 12.3 tenders from the Bavarian B XI's.
Sondermann Variant.
The second E I series delivered to the Royal Bavarian State Railways was the Sondermann Variant built from 1896. It had two overlapping cylinders that formed a combined double slide valve ("Doppelschieber"). The carrying axle and the first driving axle were housed in a Krauss-Helmholtz bogie. The advantage of this locomotive variant was that the double cylinder was very short as a result of the tandem construction. That said, the engine did not perform especially well, so that the two units were converted into locomotives with a conventional cylinder arrangement.
Standard variant, newer type.
The third series of the E I locomotive was the final version of this particular class. A total of 48 vehicles were made and 42 were taken over by the Reichsbahn with the numbers 56 312 - 56 353. It was the same as the "Sondermann variant" after the conversion of the latter. These locomotives could haul a train of 820 tons at a speed of 50 km/h and even attained a speed of 40 km/h with a 1,390 ton train. On a line with a 0.5% incline they could manage a 845 ton train at 25 km/h.
Vauclain Variant.
The Class E I locomotives built for the Royal Bavarian State Railways by the Baldwin were goods train steam locomotives imported from the USA for testing purposes.
The two machines were the first in Germany to have a bar frame, which had been standard in the USA virtually from the beginning and which had been developed from the wooden beam frames of the early locomotives. 
Like the two S 2/5 express train locomotives also imported from Baldwin a year later these engines were equipped with a four-cylinder Vauclain compound engine, on which the high-pressure and low-pressure cylinders were located directly one above the other and worked on the same connecting rods. Apart from the bar frame, this type of drive did not catch on in Bavaria.
The locomotives were equipped with Bavarian 2'2' T 18,1 tenders.

</doc>
<doc id="18478717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478717" title="Anton Eichholzer">
Anton Eichholzer

Anton "Toni" Eichholzer (born August 5, 1903, date of death unknown) was an Austrian boxer who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
In 1924 he was eliminated in the first round of the lightweight class after losing his fight to Haakon Hansen.

</doc>
<doc id="18478720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478720" title="Nitramide">
Nitramide

Nitramide, H2NNO2, is a chemical compound. Organyl derivatives of nitramide, RNHNO2 are termed nitroamines, and are widely used as explosives: examples include RDX and HMX.
Structure.
The nitramide molecule is reported to be non-planar in the gas phase, but planar in the crystal phase.
Synthesis.
Thiele and Lachman's original synthesis of nitramide involved the hydrolysis of potassium nitrocarbamate:
Other routes to nitramide include hydrolysis of nitrocarbamic acid,
reaction of sodium sulfamate with nitric acid,
and reaction of dinitrogen pentoxide with two equivalents of ammonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18478721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478721" title="Central Fire Station (Taunton, Massachusetts)">
Central Fire Station (Taunton, Massachusetts)

Central Fire Station is an historic fire station at Leonard and School Streets in Taunton, Massachusetts. Central Station is the 3rd oldest fire station in the country still in use. Number 1 is Washington Fire Company 2 from Madison,IN, in service since 1851. Number 2 is Bristol Fire Company from Bristol, PA, in service since 1857.
The station was built in 1869 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. Central houses Taunton's Engine 1, Snorkel, Rescue, and Car 2.
History.
The Taunton Central Fire Station was designed by Hartwell & Swasey of Boston, Massachusetts. The structure was built in 1869 by Abrham Briggs of Taunton. The Taunton Central Fire Station is one the oldest active fire stations in America. In 2008, a $2.1 million overhaul of the Central Fire Station began. The project includes a reconstructed basement and floor system designed to handle the weight of the fire trucks. The station will also be brought into compliance for access by disabled people.

</doc>
<doc id="18478730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478730" title="Gerrit Solleveld">
Gerrit Solleveld

Gerrit Solleveld (De Lier, 8 June 1961) is a former Dutch professional road bicycle racer, who won two stages in the Tour de France.

</doc>
<doc id="18478731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478731" title="Grol">
Grol

Grol can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18478741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478741" title="50th meridian west">
50th meridian west

The meridian 50° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, Greenland, the Atlantic Ocean, South America, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 50th meridian west forms a great circle with the 130th meridian east.
From Pole to Pole.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 50th meridian west passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="18478744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478744" title="Charlton Mill">
Charlton Mill

Charlton Mill is a historic textile mill at located 109 Howe Street in Fall River, Massachusetts. It was built in 1911, with Earl P. Charlton as president. Charlton was a successful businessman who had established a chain of 53 five and dime stores, and in 1912 became a co-founder of the F.W. Woolworth Company. 
The Charlton Mill was the last granite mill constructed in the city. The three story mill measures 374 feet long by 154 feet wide. It was powered by a 1,500 horsepower reciprocating steam engine and a 850 horsepower low steam turbine. The company also built a large one story weave shed to the north of the main mill (since demolished). Early plans included a second spinning mill to be located to the west of Mill No. 1, that was never built.
The Charlton Mill provides a marked contrast to earlier mills built in Fall River by its extreme width and large windows. By 1917, it contained 55,992 spindles and 1,300 looms, for the manufacture of fine and fancy cotton goods. The company was sold in 1938.
The mill was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="18478756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478756" title="Michigan Education Association">
Michigan Education Association

The Michigan Education Association (MEA), headquartered in East Lansing, Michigan, is a labor union representing more than 157,000 teachers, faculty and education support staff throughout the state. Usually referred to as a “teachers' union” its membership also includes college faculty, public school custodians, bus drivers, and paraprofessionals, among others. It represents people working in neighborhood public schools, those in charter schools as well as school employees working for private companies.
While MEA works to serve its members’ employment goals, it also promotes public education. It sees these goals as closely related. Through policies put in place by its elected Board of Directors, MEA advocates for polices it judges to be best for student success, for civil rights and for the quality of life for all. Its mission statement states: “The mission of the MEA is to ensure that the education of our students and the working environments of our members are of the highest quality." Like other public sector unions, the MEA has come under fire in recent years for its defense of teacher employment protections. Controversy over the role of the MEA is part of a wider debate on the structure and funding of public education in Michigan and around the United States.
In addition, the MEA has recently been involved in another controversy as they have taken the stance to seek restitution for convicted child molester Neal Erickson, who was found guilty of raping a young boy and has been sentenced to 15–30 years in prison. The strong support of many of Erickson's teacher's as well as the MEA has resulted in parents removing nearly 90 students in West Branch-Rose City School District from the schools in fear for their safety. The MEA continues to stand its ground and has vowed to support any convicted felon who is part of the union, arguing they have a right to receive their pension, regardless of the crimes they commit, in this case rape of a child. This position supporting convicted felons who rape children in schools has resulted in strong public outcry from the community.
History.
MEA was founded in 1852 as the Michigan State Teachers Association, five years before the National Education Association was organized, becoming the Michigan Education Association in 1926. Today it is the largest public employee union in the state and the third largest education association in the United States.
In 1937 the MEA’s governing body, the Representative Assembly, authorized the development of a group hospitalization program. This was one of the first such health care programs in the United States. Two years later, the Hoosier Casualty Company provided coverage for MEA members, administrated by local insurance agent Herman Henkel.
Michigan law forbade the MEA from acting as an agent for its members, so when Henkel retired in 1960, it was decided that a separate non-profit corporation would serve this function, and Michigan Education Special Services Association (MESSA) was born. 10,000 MEA members were enrolled at the time.
Tax-exempt under IRS 501(c)(9), MESSA qualified as a “voluntary employees’ beneficiary association” and could therefore offer group term life, health, and dental coverages, among others, to its members.
When the Michigan bargaining law was enacted in 1965, public school employees were able to organize into local bargaining units to negotiate salary, benefits and other working conditions. Insurance became a bargainable issue.
In 1984, MEA merged with the Michigan Educational Support Personnel, making MEA one of the first state associations to represent both teachers and other school personnel. In 2007, MEA membership exceeded 160,000.
Officers.
Steven B. Cook.
President.
Steven B. Cook was elected president in April 2011.
Steven B. Cook assumed his position as President of the 155,000-member Michigan Education Association on September 1, 2011. He had served as Vice President of the association since 2006. Prior to that, he had served as Secretary-Treasurer of the association since 1991. His term as President expires August 31, 2014.
President of the Lansing Educational Assistants from 1981 to 1993, Cook was a paraprofessional for 15 years in the Lansing Public Schools, working as a community school coordinator, home/school liaison in the elementary attendance project and in alternative education. He holds a bachelor’s degree from Michigan State University with emphasis in history, economics and political science.
Cook is the first non-teacher in the history of MEA to be elected President.
Nancy Strachan.
Vice President.
Nancy Strachan assumed her position as Vice President of MEA September 1, 2011. Her term expires August 31, 2014. Nancy began her teaching career in the Wayne-Westland school district in 1975 and was President of the WWEA prior to her election as MEA Vice President. In 2008, Nancy and her local gained statewide attention when she led her membership on a four day walk-out, eventually achieving a favorable contract settlement.
As President, Nancy presided over the Executive Board, Governing Board, Grievance Committee and the Negotiations Team. She successfully negotiated four contracts during her term of office. In addition to her WWEA responsibilities, Nancy assisted on three crisis teams: Trenton EA, West Bloomfield EA and the Port Huron EA.
Nancy received her bachelor’s in physical education and master’s degree in elementary education from Eastern Michigan University.
Rick Trainor.
Secretary Treasurer.
Rick Trainor assumed his position as secretary-treasurer of MEA September 1, 2011. His term expires August 31, 2014. Trainor comes to MEA statewide leadership from his previous position as President of the Mt. Pleasant Education Association (2002-2011). A teacher since 1977, Trainor has taught English and Physical Education in Mt. Pleasant for the past 21 years.
Trainor brings a wealth of experience to his new position as MEA Secretary-Treasurer, having served on numerous MEA boards and commissions, including the Local Affiliates Commission, the Legislative Commission, the Budget and Finance Committee and the MEA PAC Governing Board. He served as President of the Statewide Local Presidents Caucus (2005-2011) as well.
Trainor is a graduate of Central Michigan University and a former soccer coach at the high school and collegiate level.

</doc>
<doc id="18478764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478764" title="Hannah Blank">
Hannah Blank

Hannah Blank (born June 13, 1930 in New York City, New York) is an American author.

</doc>
<doc id="18478765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478765" title="Church of the Ascension (Fall River, Massachusetts)">
Church of the Ascension (Fall River, Massachusetts)

The Church of the Ascension is a historic Episcopal church building located at 160 Rock Street in Fall River, Massachusetts. It was completed in 1875 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. It is also located within the Lower Highlands Historic District. 
As of 2008, the parish is now known as the Church of the Holy Spirit.
History.
The Church of the Ascension Episcopal parish was formed in 1836, and was the first Episcopal parish in Fall River. Services were initially held at the Unitarian Church in 1835, and later at Pocasset Hall. The parish later used the old Town Hall on Central Street until 1840, when it purchased the old First Baptist Church on South Main Street, which burned in 1850 and rebuilt in 1852. However, by 1872, this building proved to be too small for the growing congregation, so services were held in the Music Hall from 1872 to 1875, as plans for a new church on Rock Street were made.
The current church building was dedicated on Nov. 29, 1875. It is constructed from Fall River granite with red brick and Scotch stone trim. The masonry work was done by Covel & Baker of Fall River for $39,250. The architect is not known.
The church is built in the Victorian Gothic style with a buttressed square tower with a crenellated cap and stone corner pinnacles. The tight massing, is relieved by the addition of a side garden, attached chapel, and handsome brick and shingle parish house.
On April 6, 2008 the Church of the Ascension parish signed a joint covenant with St. John's / St. Stephen's Parish and St. Mark's Episcopal Parish. All three were then merged to become the new Church of the Holy Spirit.
External links.
Herald news article about three churches signing joint covenant to become Church of the Holy Spirit:
http://www.heraldnews.com/news/x451492696

</doc>
<doc id="18478777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478777" title="7th Group">
7th Group

In military terms, 7th Group may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18478779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478779" title="Henri Manders">
Henri Manders

Henri Manders (Den Haag, 2 March 1960) was a Dutch professional road bicycle racer.

</doc>
<doc id="18478785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478785" title="Mangalore tiles">
Mangalore tiles

Mangalore tiles (also Mangalorean tiles) are a type of tiles native to the city of Mangalore, India. The tiles were first introduced to India in 1860 by a German missionary. Since then the industry flourished in India. These red tiles, prepared from hard laterite clay, are in great demand throughout India, Myanmar, Sri Lanka, and the Far East and are even shipped to East Africa, the Middle East, Europe, and Australia. These were the only tiles to be recommended for government buildings in India during the British regime. 
These tiles still define Mangalore's skyline and characterize its urban setting. They are a popular form of roofing and are preferred over concrete due to their good quality.
Etmology.
These tiles are native to Mangalore, a city in the former South Canara district on the western coast of India. Hence they were named "Mangalore tiles" by the tile factory manufacturers.
History.
A German missionary Plebot set up the first tile factory at Mangalore in 1860, after they found large deposits of clay by the banks of the Gurupura (also Phalguni) and Nethravathi (also Bantwal) rivers. It was called Basel Mission tile factory, and was the first ever tile factory in India, located on the banks of the Nethravathi river, near Morgan's Gate, around away from Ullal bridge. Currently Mphasis, An HP company has been established in this area.
Several other tile factories came up in the years that followed. In 1868, the Albuquerque tile factory producing these tiles was started by Mr.Pascal Albuquerque at Pane mangalore in South Canara. These were the only tiles to be recommended for Government buildings in India during the British regime. The Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus, a World Heritage Site is also topped with these tiles due to their excellent quality and were preferred over Bombay tiles by the structure's architect Frederick William Stevens. 
Since the opening of the Albuquerque tile factory, Mangaloreans have been actively involved in manufacturing these red Mangalore tiles. In 1878, followed the Alvares tile factory established by Mr.Simon Alvares of Bombay at Mangalore. The tiles produced by the factory were in great demand throughout the Indian subcontinent and East Africa. Abundant deposits of clay, plenty of firewood from the Western Ghats and cheap skilled labour helped the industry flourish. By the 1900s there were around 25 tile factories situated in and around Mangalore. By 1994 around 75 tile factories were present in Mangalore. As per the years 1991—1992 out of a selected 12 tile factories, 6 were owned by Hindus and the other 6 by Christians. The factories along with these tiles also manufactured materials such as ridges, limestone and bricks.
In 2007, the industry suffered a loss with about 10 tile factories shutting down due to scarcity of raw materials like clay. and as factories struggled to find skilled and cooperative workers.
Quality and Usage.
They provide excellent ventilation especially during summer and aesthetically as well. Some of them are especially made to be placed over kitchen and bathroom for the smoke to escape. Over a period of time, these tiles become dark to black from constant exposure to soot and smoke. These red colored clay tiles, unique in shape and size are so famous and export to all the corners of world. They are unique and are made or available in different size and shapes depending on the users need.
These tiles are not only eco-friendly but also cheap, durable and costs only one third that of cement. Some of the buildings which are 100 yrs old still have tile roofing.These tiles are suited for regions experiencing heavy rainfall as water drains easily and fast. The Mangalore tiles are generally placed at forty five degree slant. The tiles get their robust red colour due to the high proportion of iron compound found in the laterite clay. A tile weighs about to . These kind of tiles are most popularly used in Canara, Goa, Kerala, and the Konkan.
Preparation.
First part is to collect enough clay and place it in a mold and is cut to exact measurement. Then that rectangular piece of clay with exact length and thickness is placed on another machine which puts the factory logo and shapes it into a tile.
Then with hand any extra clay is removed and sent to be carried for firing and later glazing. It was interesting to say the least to see how both men and women worked cooperatively to produce the final product.It is a very delicate and detailed process starting from collection of clay to the final product to be fired. Once fired and glazed it is ready and is stored for shipping.
Trade and commerce.
Tiles are exported to east Asia, Europe, Australia, Africa, and the Middle East.

</doc>
<doc id="18478825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478825" title="Donald N. Sills">
Donald N. Sills

Dr. Donald N. Sills was a Baptist minister and one of the founders of George Wythe College, and previous chairman of the George Wythe Foundation Board of Trustees. He served as the first president of George Wythe College (now known as George Wythe University), and was succeeded by Oliver DeMille.
Sills has served as a minister for over 50 years and has spoken from the pulpit in over 25 countries around the world.
Sills has been in films, appeared on hundreds of broadcast radio and television programs, including the Phil Donahue Show, Larry King Live, and Pat Robertson’s 700 Club. He has served as Chaplain for the World Conference of Mayors, president of the Coalition for Religious Freedom, executive director for the World Council for Religious Liberty in Geneva, Switzerland, and president of the Texas-based Family Entertainment Network. Along with Cleon Skousen, he taught "The Making of America Conferences" internationally.
Don Sills died the night of June 15, 2010 during his sleep.

</doc>
<doc id="18478827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478827" title="Seeds of Destruction">
Seeds of Destruction

"Seeds of Destruction" is an episode from the sixth season of "The Outer Limits". It originally aired on 3 March 2000.
Synopsis.
A veterinarian in a small farming town probes links between the rash of fast-growing tumors and a new breed of genetically engineered corn.
Plot.
"Macroseed", a cutting edge biotechnology company, chooses the small farming town of Hobson to test and develop "TX-40". This is a new genetically-engineered strain of fast-growing corn that could increase yields and make the company millions of dollars. Linda Andrews, the veterinarian in Hobson, begins to wonder about the safety of "TX-40" when a farmer brings in a dead cat from his field. The cat has horrible mutations, including a giant tumor which sprouts a fifth leg.
Her skepticism grows deeper when terrible, inexplicable tumors begin to appear in people: Mr. Rivers, young Matt Hooper and Eddie, her mentally-disabled nephew. Linda's worry persists while her husband, Rex Andrews and her lover, Harold Zimmer, both of whom work at "Macroseed", try to convince her that "TX-40" is safe, warning her that her investigation might generate negative publicity that could destroy the town's new-found prosperity.
With some inside help, she gets the test data from "Macroseed" and, with Doc Wells, begins searching for connections between the new corn and the mutations.
Harold reassures Linda that TX-40 cannot have spread to humans, but she finds out that it has spread from the corn to milkweed plants, and then from the milkweed plants to people who had an increased amount of growth hormone: Old Man Rivers was taking hormone supplements, and the teen Hooper was in the middle of a growth spurt. Linda and the local doctor, Doctor Cooper, confront Harold with the truth. He reveals that he knows, but the company will continue to produce the corn. He shoots Doc Cooper and is about to kill Linda when her husband, Rex, knocks Harold out. The episode ends with a shot of Rex and Linda holding each other while workers in haz-mat suits use flamethrowers to burn the corn and milkweed plants.

</doc>
<doc id="18478837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478837" title="Southern Collegiate Baseball League">
Southern Collegiate Baseball League

Established in 1999, Southern Collegiate Baseball League (SCBL) is a non-profit, wooden bat collegiate summer league with eight teams throughout the Carolinas. College players from four-year institutions (NCAA and NAIA) as well as junior and community colleges are eligible to play. SCBL differs from other summer wooden bat leagues, in that, teams only play a 42-game schedule and pitchers may only throw a maximum of 85 pitches per game. At the end of the season, the teams play in a tournament to determine the League Champion.

</doc>
<doc id="18478843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478843" title="USS Margaret">
USS Margaret

USS "Margaret" is a name used more than once by the US Navy:

</doc>
<doc id="18478844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478844" title="Francis Castaing">
Francis Castaing

Francis Castaing (Bordeaux, 22 April 1959) was a French professional road bicycle racer. He won one stage in the 1985 Tour de France.

</doc>
<doc id="18478858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478858" title="Dalil Benyahia">
Dalil Benyahia

Dalil Benyahia (born April 21, 1990 in Stockholm, Sweden) is an Algerian-Swedish footballer who plays for IK Sirius.
Career.
Benyahia was born in Stockholm, Sweden.
In 2004, Benyahia was chosen as the player of the tournament at the Nike Cup in Sweden and represented the country in a week long high performance training session at Manchester United. In 2006, he was given a one week-trial by Chelsea FC. The following year, he also received a 10-day trial with Ajax Amsterdam.
On July 14, 2008, Benyahia signed a 3-year contract with Vejle BK after impressing on trial. He returned to IF Brommapojkarna in 2009, and was released in 2011.
On August 2, 2012, after some time as a free agent, Benyahia was reuinted with former Brommapojkarna coach Kim Bergstrand, signing a 2 and a half year contract with IK Sirius.
International career.
On September 29, 2010, Benyahia was called up to the Algerian Under-23 national team for a friendly against Qatar. On October 12, he made his debut starting in the game, with Algeria winning 1-0.

</doc>
<doc id="18478862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478862" title="Merrehope">
Merrehope

Merrehope, a 26-room Victorian mansion that currently serves as a historic house museum, was originally built in 1858 by Richard McLemore for his daughter Juriah Jackson. After changing ownership several times, with small alterations from each owner, the house was eventually bought by S.H. Floyd in 1904, who remodelled it into its present appearance. The building was one of few spared by General William Tecumseh Sherman on his raid of the city in the Battle of Meridian, and has served many functions throughout its history, including time as a residence, a shelter for Union officers, a Confederate General's headquarters, an apartment building, and a boarding house. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1971 and as a Mississippi Landmark in 1995.
History.
Richard McLemore, one of the first settlers of Meridian, deeded the land on which Merrehope now stands to his daughter, Juriah Jackson, in 1858. Juriah and her husband, W. H. Jackson, constructed a small building which was later remodelled extensively into its present state. The house changed hands in 1863 to a General Joseph E. Johnson, who made some architectural alterations to the original building. The building was used as headquarters for Confederate General Leonidas Polk during the American Civil War and as a shelter for several of Union General William T. Sherman's officers when they attacked the city in the Battle of Meridian. The house is one of only six homes in Meridian that remained standing after Sherman's raid.
After the war, John H. and Eliza Gary resided in the house before selling it to J. C. Lloyd in 1881. The Garys had built the main block of the house, to which was attached the ell that was the original structure. The house took on its current appearance when it was purchased in 1904 by S. H. Floyd, who remodelled the house in the Academic Revival style. The ell was detached and moved back about , and a second story containing two servants' rooms, bathrooms, and a hallway was added. On the first floor of the main block, a dining room, stairhall, bathroom, and guest room were added to the rear of the building while the two rooms on the north side of the hall were transformed into double parlors. The rooms on the south side of the hall were converted into a library. Upstairs, a bedroom suite was constructed on either side of the new hallway, and over the rear addition were two bedrooms, a bathroom, and another stairhall.
A giant portico was added to the east and south sides of the building, and the two-story Ionic columns were placed atop six-foot plinths connected by a wall which ran the length of the porticos. Three more plinths were added to the north side of the building without columns, and a fourth plinth supports a one story column under the second story of the ell. This column is all that remains of a former porte-cochère. When the portico was added, the original front porch was removed, but the balcony remained, supported by smaller columns attached to the ceiling of the new portico.
The home was eventually divided into eight apartments in the 1930s, after which the building served as a boarding house until the 1960s. The building was purchased by the Meridian Restorations Foundation in 1968 and named Merrehope, a portmanteau for the combination of "Meridian Restorations" and "hope," reflecting the desire of the club to restore the building after decades of neglect. The foundation convinced the Mississippi Legislature to pass a special act allowing the city of Meridian to assist the group financially with the restoration.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1971 while it was still being restored, and as a Mississippi Landmark in 1995.
Hauntings.
After the restoration of the home, many people claimed to have seen ghosts in the building. John Gary, one of the owners of the house who added most of the rooms present today, had a daughter named Eugenia. Eugenia died of underage consumption as a teenager, never having lived in the building itself. John Gary, who lived in the house for many years, had his funeral service there. Many people have claimed to see Eugenia wandering the halls of the building. The first reported sighting was made by a former hostess who recognized the apparition from a painting in the museum room. Since then, several people have claimed to see or hear the spirit.
Eugenia is one of two ghosts believed to be residing in the building; the other haunts the Periwinkle room. Donna White, Merrehope's current hostess, claims that she was walking into the room when she recognized an imprint of a body on the bed. She ran downstairs and checked the house for intruders but found no one. The ghost also reportedly makes loud crashes and bangs from the room, yet nothing is found broken when the room is inspected.

</doc>
<doc id="18478869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478869" title="Ministry of Foreign Affairs (Bolivia)">
Ministry of Foreign Affairs (Bolivia)

The Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Religion is a Bolivian government ministry which oversees the foreign relations of Bolivia. Its head is known as the Chancellor of Bolivia; since January 2006 it is David Choquehuanca.

</doc>
<doc id="18478871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478871" title="Colin Sinclair (boxer)">
Colin Sinclair (boxer)

Charles Colin Sinclair (born 15 June 1890, date of death unknown) was an Australian boxer who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
In 1924 he was eliminated in the second round of the lightweight class after losing his fight to Alfred Genon.

</doc>
<doc id="18478883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478883" title="Ludwig Wijnants">
Ludwig Wijnants

Ludwig Wijnants (Veerle, 4 July 1956) was a Belgian professional road bicycle racer.

</doc>
<doc id="18478911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478911" title="Gharzai Khwakhuzhi">
Gharzai Khwakhuzhi

Al-haj Gharzai Khwakhuzhi (), son of Late Ustad Mohammad Ibraheem Khwakhuzhi (poet, writer, journalist and politician) resident of Kandahar born in Kabul on 29 May 1961 studied his middle and high school in Habibia High School Kabul, after that participated in commando and parachute courses and took a diploma degree in Logistic faculty of Army University, belongs to Baloch ethnic group.
Career.
Throughout his life, Gharzai Khwakhuzhi has worked in different official and private positions which are:
1976-1980:- Was in charge of Habibia High School’s Youths Wing and a member of Youths Movement of Afghanistan leadership delegation.
1980-1992:- Worked in Defense Ministry’s different departments, promoted up to the rank of Brigadier General and worked as Secretary of Information and Culture Minister.
1992-1994:- In charge of Public Relations in (RDA), a NGO that worked for the Reconstruction and Development of Afghanistan.
1994-1995:- In charge of UN Emergency Food Forward program to Kabul in war times.
1995-1996:- Worked and struggled for establishment of peace and stability in Afghanistan.
1996-1997:- Deputy Minister of National Accountability, Deputy Minister of Intelligence and Advisor of National Security Council in Islamic Government of Afghanistan.
1997:- With an accusation of leading a Coup against Taliban government, he was detained for five years in deferent jails of Nangarhar, Kabul and Kandahar.
7 December 2001:- Was freed from jail as the Taliban government fell down.
2002-2004:- Participated in literary and cultural activities.
2004:- In-charge of Mr. Hamid Karzai’s Electoral Campaign in Islamabad.
2004 till present:- President of Khwakhuzhi Literary and Cultural Association (KLCA) and Samsoor Afghanistan Construction Company.
2005:- Ran for National Assembly of Afghanistan (Wolesi Jirga) from Kabul but did not succeed.
2007-2008:- Deputy Mayor of Kabul Province, resigned in 2008 due to health problems and member of Regional Peace Talks (Afghan-Pak) Jirga.
2009:- Head of Inspection and Management department of Office of People's Support of Hamid Karzai for the Presidential Elections.
2011:- Member of Traditional Loya Jirga on Afghan-American Strategic Partnership and Peace Talks with Taliban.
2012:- Deputy President of Baloch General Council of Afghanistan.
Accolade.
Gharzai Khwakhuzhi has been honored with following rewards from the Government of Afghanistan through his life:
• First Grade Star Badge
• Second Grade Star Badge
• Courage, Service, Youths of Afghanistan and Sayed Jamal-ud-deen Afghan Medals
• Second Grade Award from Information and Culture Ministry in section of History and Literature for his book (the Great Game)
Literary works.
1. Dawn of Democracy in Afghanistan (Pashto) 
2. Kandahar and Historic Occasions (Pashto)
3. Great Game (Pashto)
4. A view to circulation of Elections and Democracy in Afghanistan (Pashto)
5. Memories of Khwakhuzhi (Pashto)
6. Afghanistan toward Democracy (Dari)
7. Personality for Ever, Late. Prof. Reshad (Pashto)
8. Don’t try the tried! (Pashto)
9. Dawn of Democracy in Afghanistan (Translated to English from Pashto)
10. Jirgas (Assemblies) Throughout History of Afghanistan (Pashto)
11. Articles Critics and analysis in newspapers and magazines (Pashto, Dari and translation of them in English)

</doc>
<doc id="18478926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478926" title="Manifest Destiny (The Outer Limits)">
Manifest Destiny (The Outer Limits)

"Manifest Destiny" is an episode from the sixth season of "The Outer Limits". It originally aired on 2000-02-11.
Synopsis.
An invisible alien race inhabits a spaceship and causes a salvage team to go insane.
Plot.
The UFS "Mercury" is en route to the planet Trion to do scientific tests in preparation to establish a colony when they receive a distress call from a battleship, the UFS "Rhesos". It was only weeks ago that the "Rhesos" dropped bombs on Trion, killing the local flora and fauna, making it ready for colonization.
Before the crew of the "Mercury" boards the "Rhesos", medical officer Dr. Will Olsten dons a miniature audio/visual recording device to chronicle the events on the massive ship. It is through this device that we see and hear what takes place during their rescue mission. The team quickly realizes that things are not as they should be when they find the ship eerily empty, and come across strange writing on the walls in what looks like blood.
Soon, the crew starts becoming paranoid and suspicious of one another. They begin hearing things and seeing things that aren't there - or are they? One by one, the crew members go crazy, attacking each other or committing suicide.
By the time Dr. Olsten figures out that this lethal, mental degradation is being caused by a virus which was unleashed by the dying aliens from Trion, it's too late to stop it. In a final and ultimate act of alien revenge, the virus, which is transmitted via electrical current, is unknowingly downloaded and sent to Earth.

</doc>
<doc id="18478927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478927" title="Maarten Ducrot">
Maarten Ducrot

Maarten Ducrot (born 8 April 1958 in Vlissingen) is a former Dutch professional road bicycle racer, and currently cycling reporter for the Dutch television.
Ducrot rode the Tour de France five times, of which he finished four times. In his first Tour in 1985, he won the 9th stage. After the Tour, he was given the combativity award.
Ducrot ended his professional cycling career in 1991, after which he worked as organisation advisor. Since 2004, he is a cycling reporter for the Dutch television program Studio Sport.
Palmarès.
Doping confession.
On the Dutch TV-show "Reporter", Steven Rooks, Peter Winnen and Ducrot admitted that they had doped in their careers.

</doc>
<doc id="18478928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478928" title="Jean Tholey">
Jean Tholey

Jean Tholey (born November 16, 1902, date of death unknown) was a French boxer. He competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
In 1924, Tholey finished fourth in the lightweight class after losing the bronze medal bout to Frederick Boylstein.

</doc>
<doc id="18478929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478929" title="The Translation Project">
The Translation Project

Founded in 2003, The Translation Project (TTP) is a nonprofit, nonpartisan 501 C 3 umbrella organization for bringing innovative Iranian-inspired (Iranian Literature), (Iranian Culture) projects to audiences through literary and multimedia events.
The Translation Project has presented, organized, produced, and participated in over 60 events since 2003. TTP's first book project is "BELONGING: New Poetry by Iranians Around the World" (North Atlantic Books, 2008), edited and translated by TTP founder, Niloufar Talebi. Other projects include the 2007 and 2009 Iranian Literary Arts Festivals, and four multimedia projects: "Four Springs" (2004), "Midnight Approaches" (2006), http://www.icarusrise.com "ICARUS/RISE" (2007), and a theatrical project about the Persian New Year, Nowruz, "The Persian Rite of Spring", which world premiered at the Los Angeles County Museum of Art (2010).

</doc>
<doc id="18478936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478936" title="Ka'í Ladrillo">
Ka'í Ladrillo

Ka'í Ladrillo is a typical dessert of the Paraguayan popular gastronomy prepared mainly with peanuts and molasses. As all the dishes of Paraguayan cuisine, the “ka’i ladrillo” is rich in proteins and calories. This is not accidental and corresponds to historical facts fully and scientifically proven.
Origin of the name.
The name "ka’i ladrillo" is the result of the combination of two words, “ka’i” that means “monkey” and “ladrillo” that is brick, used to refer to all things with that shape. So the “ka’i ladrillo” is the “brick of the monkey” because it is usually made with a rectangular form like a brick and because the monkey (ka’i mirikina) is an animal natural of the Paraguayan jungles that likes to eat everything that is sweet. And this dessert is especially sweet. It is also called “azukapé manduví”, Guaraní words for “sugar” (azuká), “flat” (pé) and “peanut” (manduví).
Preparation.
To prepare the ka’i ladrillo are needed: toast peanuts and molasses. Some varieties of the dish also include a little of sour orange or grapefruit juice, which give it a bittersweet taste and diminishes the excessive sweetness.
Ingredients.
The molasses is boiled, stirring, until it became possible to see the bottom of the pot when passing the spoon. Then, add the peanut, whole or in little pieces (the traditional is made with whole peanuts) and is cooked for a few more minutes. After, the preparation is poured in flat molds previously damped with some cold water, and let it cool. Once cold, the dessert is taken out of the molds.
According to some scholars of social history of Paraguay, all the Paraguayan popular gastronomy, which establishes itself as a small family industry after the Paraguayan War where Paraguay fought the Triple Alliance composed of (Argentina, Brazil and Uruguay, between 1864 and 1870), is really abundant in caloric content, because of the situation that overcame to the country after the conflict. In the aftermath of the war, food was limited, groceries were hard to find. So Paraguayan cooking has a high protein content to make up for the scarcity of every day meal.

</doc>
<doc id="18478941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478941" title="Lamosite">
Lamosite

Lamosite is an olive-gray brown or dark gray to brownish black lacustrine-type oil shale, in which the chief organic constituent is lamalginite derived from lacustrine planktonic algae. In minor scale it also consists of vitrinite, inertinite, telalginite, and bitumen. 
Lamosite deposits are the most abundant and largest oil shale deposits beside of marinite deposits. The largest lacustrine-type oil shale deposits are the Green River Formation in western United States, a number deposits in eastern Queensland, Australia, and the New Brunswick Albert Formation and several other deposits in Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="18478955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478955" title="19th Group">
19th Group

In military terms, 19th Group may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18478964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478964" title="19th Brigade">
19th Brigade

19th Brigade may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18478965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478965" title="Shanghai Mental Health Center">
Shanghai Mental Health Center

Shanghai Mental Health Center (), also known as Shanghai Psychological Consultative Center, is a hospital in Shanghai focusing on mental disorders treatment. It was founded in 1935, as Puci Rehabilitation Hospital. It was formerly called Shanghai Psychiatric Hospital. Since May, 2006, the hospital has been affiliated to School of Medicine of Shanghai Jiao Tong University.
Current president: Xiao Zeping

</doc>
<doc id="18478970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478970" title="Paraguay cheese">
Paraguay cheese

Paraguay cheese (; Guaraní: "kesú paraguai") is a cows' milk cheese from Paraguay. It gives the Paraguayan cuisine a high value in calories and proteins, especially in the salted dishes recipes, very characteristic of the country and important part of its culture. This has historical and scientific reasons.
It is a special type of cheese that is made from “curd” (a preparation that is made by mixing milk with rennet, part of the digestive tract of certain ruminant animals that secretes lactic acid during the digestion process), generally has salt and since it’s made with whole milk, is very creamy and nutritious. It is soft and with some acid flavor, and can be preserved for about 45 days.
Origin of the name.
The name “kesú paraguai” (Paraguay cheese) comes from the transformation of the words “cheese” (queso in Spanish) and “Paraguay” (Paraguay, as the country) into Guaraní.
The use of the word “paraguai” with an “I” instead of a “y” is because in Guaraní, the “y” is pronounced differently from the Spanish pronunciation and has another meaning, which is “water”. These ideas belong to Paraguay
Ingredients.
The ingredients used in the manufacture of “Paraguay cheese” are both dairy products: whole milk and curd.
Preparation.
The preparation consists of three processes: the treatment of the rennet, the making of the curd and finally the manufacture of the cheese itself.
The treatment of the rennet is like this: it is opened and washed very thoroughly and put in a container with a large amount of sour orange or lemon juice. It is left there to soak in the liquid for about three to four hours and then put out to dry in the sun. When it is dry, the rennet is ready to curdle the milk.
For the curd, the full-fat milk is put inside a container, the rennet is added, then the mixture is stirred occasionally for about an hour. After that time, it is tested by dropping some of the liquid in the palm of the hand, if there are curds then the rennet is removed and the milk is left for a short while to finish the process.
Finally, the cheese is formed by breaking the curd, after which it is left again to settle for another few hours so it loses some liquid called whey. After this, the curd is squeezed until all the liquid is gone. When the curd has no more whey, it is put in specially made frames with rectangular shape called cheese-dishes. The next day the “kesú Paraguay” is ready to be consumed.
History.
The elaboration of the “kesú paraguai” started in the country states (dedicated to the agriculture and cattle) of Paraguay.
According to some scholars of social history of Paraguay, all the Paraguayan popular gastronomy, which establishes itself as a small family industry after the Paraguayan War where Paraguay fought the Triple Alliance (Argentina, Brazil and Uruguay, between 1864 and 1870), is really abundant in caloric content, because of the situation that overcame to the country after the conflict. In the aftermath of the war, food was limited, groceries were hard to find. So Paraguayan cooking has a high protein content to make up for the scarcity of daily meals.

</doc>
<doc id="18478978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478978" title="California Southern Law School">
California Southern Law School

California Southern Law School (CSLS) is a private part-time evening law school in Riverside, California. It is registered with the California State Bar Committee of Bar Examiners (CBE), but is not accredited by the CBE or approved by the American Bar Association. As a registered law school, CSLS graduates may take the California Bar Examination and upon passing the Bar, they are authorized to practice law in California.
History.
California Southern Law School was founded in 1971 as Citrus Belt Law School by California Superior Court Judge Elwood M. Rich to serve students in the Inland Empire of Southern California. It took its original name from the Citrus Belt League of the Inland Empire, but changed the name in 1990 to California Southern Law School.
California State Bar CBE registration.
California Southern Law School is registered with the Committee of Bar Examiners of The State Bar of California (CBE), which authorizes CSLS to operate and to grant the Juris Doctor (J.D.) law degree. CSLS is "not" approved by the American Bar Association or accredited by the CBE. As a registered "unaccredited" law school, CSLS students must take and pass the First-Year Law Students' Examination (commonly referred to as the "Baby Bar") administered by the CBE. Upon successful passing of the "Baby Bar" those students may continue with their law studies to obtain their J.D. degree.
Facilities.
California Southern Law School maintains its facilities in stand-alone buildings in the Magnolia Center Neighborhood of Riverside, California. Facilities include offices, classrooms and a trial practice courtroom. Legal Research and Writing classes are held at the Victor Miceli Riverside County Law Library in Downtown Riverside.
Academics.
Pre-Legal Education requirements.
CSLS admits students meeting the Pre-Legal Education requirements set forth by the Committee of Bar Examiners and does not require the Law School Admission Test (LSAT). The CBE requires prospective law students to complete a minimum of two years of approved college work or its equivalent before entering law school. This requirement is generally met by receiving an Associate of Arts (AA) degree, Associate of Science (AS) degree or by having completed at least 60 semester (90 quarter) units of college work applicable to a Bachelor's degree at a regionally accredited or approved school recognized by the CBE, with an average grade at least equal to that required for graduation. As allowed by the CBE, prospective CSLS students can satisfy this requirement by taking certain College Level Examination Program (CLEP) tests.
Law study.
As required by the Committee of Bar Examiners, California Southern Law School offers a four year law curriculum. The CSLS program covers all bar examination subjects likely to be tested by the CBE. All classes are held on weekday evenings which allows students to pursue a legal education and maintain full-time employment.
Judicial Instructors.
Judges and commissioners teaching at CSLS include:
Noted people.
Successful California Southern Law School graduates are found in many areas of the Southern California legal community. They include judges and other distinguished alumni.

</doc>
<doc id="18478987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478987" title="Soyo (Paraguay)">
Soyo (Paraguay)

Soyo is a thick soup of meat crushed in a mortar, seasoned with several spices and vegetables.
It is a meal that is always found in the traditional Paraguayan cooking and as all the others, has an important caloric value.
Even though it used to be considered as a meal only eaten by the people of scarce resources, it has become extraordinarily popular in every social stratum in Paraguay.
Origin of the name.
The word “soyo” is short for “so’o josopy”, Guaraní words for “meat” (so’o) and “crushed” (josopyré). The literal translation is “crushed meat”.
When the meat is not crushed and instead it is boiled in the soup chopped in little pieces, it called “so’o josopy ita’y”, which it’s interpreted as curdle soup. In this case, it means that the meal is obviously less tasteful that the original version.
Ingredients.
The traditional recipe uses crushed meat, cold water, rice, oil or grease, onion, sweet red pepper, tomato, scallion, flour (just a little), salt, oregano and parsley.
Preparation.
The “so’o josopy” it’s prepared this way: crushing in the mortar the meat and rice or being chopped in the grinder until having formed a paste. This paste is put in a bowl with cold water and it’s stirred there. In saucepan, cook the onion, tomato, sweet red pepper and scallion in hot oil chopped in little pieces.
Then add the flour to the sauce and mixed this with the meat, rice and water. Stir continuously until it boils. Finally add the salt, oregano and parsley.
According to every person’s preference, once cooked the soup, it can be put in the blender to make it thicker.

</doc>
<doc id="18478997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18478997" title="Pelagio Luna">
Pelagio Luna

Pelagio Baltasar Luna (6 January 1867 – June 25, 1919) was an Argentine politician of the Radical Civic Union. He reached the post of Vice President in 1916.
Born in La Rioja, Argentina, where his father was founder of the Radical Civic Union, Luna graduated from the University of Buenos Aires at the age of 22. He returned to La Rioja and worked as a lawyer then entered the judicial system, serving as a judge. He also taught literature at the National School of La Rioja.
Luna joined the Radical Youth in 1889 and took part in the armed revolution the following year. He was part of the National Convention of November 1892. He was a candidate for National Deputy in 1912 and for governor of La Rioja in 1913, without success.
In 1916 Luna was elected vice president on Hipólito Yrigoyen's ticket, as the first elected vice president under the Sáenz Peña Law, serving until his death in 1919. As President of the Senate, he helped create the National Library of Argentina, serving as its first president.

</doc>
<doc id="18479003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18479003" title="Aranya">
Aranya

Aranya is the annual technical festival of Thapar University, Patiala (India). 
Aranya is a three day long extravaganza that aims to bring the best talents from all over northern India to one platform. Starting in 2006, the golden jubilee year of the university, Aranya has gained more and more popularity over time. The festival is generally held in the months of September–October each year. It draws the attention of many colleges as well as school students from all over India.
Aranya 2011.
Aranya 2011 had a range of events and activities including technical events, a book fair, an edufair, adventure sports, seminars, workshops, guest lectures, as well as literary events and managements events. It provided an opportunity for students to showcase their potential and enhance their capabilities.
Celebrities Performed.
Many celebrites performed at this event.
some of them are 
Sunidhi Chauhan,
Mika,
KK,
Bohemia,
Kumar Vishwas,
Kailash Kher,
Jal,
The Local Train,
Akcent

</doc>
<doc id="18479005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18479005" title="Chiarugi">
Chiarugi

Chiarugi is an Italian last name, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18479006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18479006" title="Translation project (disambiguation)">
Translation project (disambiguation)

A translation project is a project that deals with the activity of translating. It may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18479031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18479031" title="2001–02 Parker Pen Shield">
2001–02 Parker Pen Shield

The 2001–02 European Challenge Cup (known as the Parker Pen Shield for sponsorship reasons) was the 6th season of the European Challenge Cup, Europe's second tier club rugby union competition below the Heineken Cup. A total of 32 teams participated, representing seven different countries.
The pool stage began when Connacht hosted Narbonne on 28 September 2001 and ended with four matches on 13 January 2002. The knockout stages followed, culminating in the final at the Kassam Stadium in Oxford on 26 May 2002. 
The defending champions, Englands's Harlequins, did not have a chance to defend their crown because they qualified to play in the Heineken Cup. Sale Sharks claimed a narrow victory over Pontypridd in the final and picked up their first piece of European Club silverware.
Teams.
The allocation of teams was as follows:
Scotland was not represented as both of its teams (Edinburgh and Glasgow) played in the Heineken Cup.
Knock-out stages.
All kickoff times are local to the match location.

</doc>
<doc id="18479036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18479036" title="Spilia, Kozani">
Spilia, Kozani

Spilia is a village located in Agia Paraskevi municipal unit, Kozani regional unit, West Macedonia, Greece. Ptolemaida is 25 km northwest of Spilia.
Spilia is situated at an altitude of 820 meters. The postal code is 50200, while the telephone code is +30 24630 . As of the 1991 census, the population was 114.
Archaeological site.
A portion of Via Egnatia, an ancient Roman road, passes through Spilia. An archaeological site of the ancient Macedonian tomb of Eordaia (Greek: Μακεδονικός τάφος Σπηλιάς) is located in Spilia along this road. The architectural form shows the tomb and monument to be in the same category as tombs of Philip II, Vergina, and Leukadia.

</doc>
<doc id="18479046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18479046" title="Legend pipe">
Legend pipe

The Legend pipe is a diatreme associated with the Birch Mountains kimberlite field in northern Alberta, Canada. It is thought to have formed about 75 million years ago during the Late Cretaceous period.

</doc>
<doc id="18479055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18479055" title="Brit Shalom">
Brit Shalom

Brit Shalom may be:

</doc>
<doc id="18479064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18479064" title="Gonzalo Cardozo">
Gonzalo Cardozo


</doc>
<doc id="18479067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18479067" title="Shanghai Children's Hospital">
Shanghai Children's Hospital

Shanghai Children's Hospital (), formerly known as Underprivileged Children's Hospital, is one of the earliest founded children's hospitals in China, and a prominent comprehensive hospital specialized in children's diseases. Since March, 2003, the hospital has been affiliated to School of Medicine of Shanghai Jiao Tong University.

</doc>
<doc id="18479069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18479069" title="Independent First Nations Alliance">
Independent First Nations Alliance

Independent First Nations Alliance (IFNA) is a non-profit Regional Chiefs' Council representing Ojibway and Oji-Cree First Nations in northern Ontario, Canada. The Council provides advisory services and program delivery to its five member-Nations.
Council.
Incorporated in 1989, IFNA is made up of a representing Chief from each of the five member communities; upon the guidance of the people, the IFNA Chiefs direct the affairs of the IFNA based on customary norms and traditional consensus building. The Chiefs provide political direction to the organization in its strategic planning, government relations and policy development while IFNA provides the technical advisory and community development support programs to meet the needs and aspirations of its First Nations on a collective basis while each member First Nation maintains its autonomy. To assist in these activities, IFNA maintains a political and advocacy staff to support its efforts in helping their communities to prosper. In turn, IFNA is a member of Nishnawbe Aski Nation, a Tribal Political Organization representing majority of Treaty 5 and Treaty 9 First Nations in northern Ontario. IFNA member First Nations represent Treaties 3, 5, and 9 and the Robinson-Superior Treaty.

</doc>
<doc id="18479085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18479085" title="Régis Simon">
Régis Simon

Régis Simon (born 19 March 1958 in Troyes) is a French former professional road bicycle racer. He is the brother of former professional cyclists François, Pascal and Jérôme Simon. Régis Simon won a stage in the 1985 Tour de France.

</doc>
<doc id="18479089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18479089" title="53rd meridian west">
53rd meridian west

The meridian 53° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, Greenland, Newfoundland, the Atlantic Ocean, South America, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
In Antarctica, the meridian defines the eastern limit of Chile's territorial claim and passes through the British and Argentinian claims - the three claims overlap. It also defines the western limit of Brazil's unofficial claim.
The 53rd meridian west forms a great circle with the 127th meridian east.
From Pole to Pole.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 53rd meridian west passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="18479096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18479096" title="Clore Leadership Programme">
Clore Leadership Programme

The Clore Leadership Programme provides professional training and personal development for current and future leaders in the cultural sector. It was founded by the Clore Duffield Foundation in 2002 in response to its own research into the state of leadership in the cultural sector.
The Programme.
Each year around 25 Clore Fellows are selected following a rigorous application and selection process. They embark on a 7-8 month journey which includes core training courses (practical skills including fundraising, media training, financial planning), personal development, and an extended secondment to an organisation outside of their previous professional experience. Each Fellowship is tailored to the individual development needs and aspirations of the Fellow. Throughout their Fellowship, Fellows also benefit from support by a Mentor and individual coaching.
In addition, each Fellow has the option to submit a proposal to undertake research once they have completed their Fellowship, which is funded by the Arts and Humanities Research Council and supervised by a Higher Eduucation Institute.
Since 2006, the Programme has also offered short courses to a greater number of participants which capture a lot of the Clore experience in an intensive 2-week residential course. It also offers training for members of Boards of Directors of cultural organisations.
Leadership.
The founding Director of the Clore Leadership Programme was Chris Smith, who from 1997–2001 had been Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport. In July 2008 he stepped down and was succeeded as Director by Sue Hoyle. The current Chair is Sir John Tusa, former Managing Director of the BBC World Service and Barbican Centre.
Notable alumni.
Kenneth Tharp: Chief Executive, The Place
Gus Casely-Hayford: Curator and cultural historian
Nick Merriman: Director of Manchester Museum
Erica Whyman: Chief Executive of Northern Stage, Newcastle upon Tyne

</doc>
<doc id="18479103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18479103" title="Center for Domestic Preparedness">
Center for Domestic Preparedness

The Center for Domestic Preparedness is the only U.S. federal facility chartered to provide comprehensive preparedness training programs to the nation’s emergency response providers. As of 2007, it is part of the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA).
History.
The United States Army Chemical School provided training to U.S. military forces to prepare and respond to chemical agent exposure and attacks. Although the chemical school was established in 1951, it became a permanent fixture at Fort McClellan from 1979 to the late 1990s. 
Fort McClellan was identified for closure by the 1995 Base Realignment and Closure (BRAC) Commission. In 1998, the plan to establish a federally operated site to train civilian emergency responders was put into motion using facilities already in place at Fort McClellan. This training facility would be called the Center for Domestic Preparedness (CDP).
The conception of the CDP can be traced back to the 1995 Sarin gas attack on the Tokyo subway. As that event unfolded, public safety officials in New York City sought ways to prevent such an event in their city. These officials asked the Department of Defense (DoD) for permission to allow civilian responders to train at Ft. McClellan's Chemical Defense Training Facility (CDTF). DoD officials granted access to toxic agent training at the U.S. Army Chemical School. The first class of civilian emergency responders graduated in late 1995, and civilian responders continued to train at the Army facility until 1998 as Ft. McClellan continued its closure transition.
Elected officials from across Alabama and local community leaders continued to seek ways to utilize the soon-to-be-abandoned Army facility. A concept was developed and presented to members of Congress, who recognized the national benefit of having a facility dedicated to training civilian emergency responders under federal government management.
The CDP was originally established under the management of United States Department of Justice (DoJ). In April 1998, DoJ held an emergency responder stakeholders conference regarding Weapon of mass destruction (WMD) training. Responders from across the nation identified the CDP's toxic chemical agent training scenarios as training that would benefit both immediate and long-term WMD training needs.
In June 1998, the CDP opened its doors as a training center for the nation's emergency response providers. In addition, DoJ invited the CDP to become a member of the National Domestic Preparedness Consortium (NDPC). 
The NDPC originally comprised the CDP; the New Mexico Institute of Mining and Technology (National Energetic Materials Research and Testing Center) (NMIMT); Louisiana State University (LSU) (Academy of Counter-Terrorist Education); Texas A&M University (National Emergency Response and Rescue Training Center); and the U.S. Department of Energy's Nevada Test Site (National Exercise, Test, and Training Center) (NTS).
In accordance with the Improving America's Security Act of 2007, the Transportation Technology Center (Colorado); and the University of Hawaii Center of Excellence for Natural Disaster Preparedness Training (Hawaii) joined the NDPC.
In 2003, the CDP transferred to the Department of Homeland Security (DHS); in 2007, DHS transferred that authority to FEMA. 
On March 31, 2007, the Noble Training Facility (NTF) was integrated into the CDP training center. The former Noble Army Hospital was converted into a training site for health and medical education in disasters, to include both acts of terrorism and manmade disasters. The NTF is the only hospital facility in the United States that trains hospital and healthcare workers in disaster preparedness and response.
Activities.
The training center provides responders with knowledge to prevent, protect, respond to, and recover from chemical, biological, explosive, radiological, or other hazardous materials incidents.
While each of the members of the NDPC provides specific training and education to emergency responders in a variety of WMD and hazardous materials subjects, the CDP trains emergency responders in 10 diverse responder disciplines: Emergency Management, Emergency Medical Services, Fire Service, Governmental Administrative, Hazardous Materials, Healthcare, Law Enforcement, Public Health, Public Safety Communications, and Public Works. 
By October 2001, the 2,400 emergency responders had participated in CDP training programs; that number would increase to more than 10,000 the following year, in the wake of the September 11th attacks on the World Trade Center. 
One component of the CDP training program is the toxic agent Chemical, Ordnance, Biological, and Radiological Training Facility (COBRATF). The COBRATF features civilian training exercises in a genuine toxic environment, using the chemical agents GB and VX. These toxins are typically referred to as nerve agents and are included in the United Nations Chemical Weapons Convention that allows for use in defensive training in a controlled environment. The Army Institute of Research says the use of genuine nerve agents promotes confidence, the advanced hands-on training enables responders to effectively prevent, respond to, and recover from real-world incidents involving acts of terrorism and other hazardous materials. 
Responders from all 50 states, the District of Columbia, and all U.S. territories have trained at the CDP. Numerous federal and non-federal training partnerships enable the CDP staff to share knowledge, to ensure the nation’s responders receive the most up-to-date training. The CDP offers 38 courses that offer emergency responders a wide range of training. All courses are available as resident training and select courses completed through non-resident programs to include mobile training units.
In 2011, FEMA began using the CDP as a staging area for major disaster response. It will eventually become one of four National Staging Areas across the country developed for this purpose. Disaster responders will be processed through the CDP and receive critical training prior to deployment. At the CDP, the staging area is located in the Noble Training Facility (NTF).

</doc>
<doc id="18479104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18479104" title="Congregation Brit Shalom">
Congregation Brit Shalom

Congregation Brit Shalom (now called Temple Covenant of Peace) is a synagogue in Easton, Pennsylvania. Founded in 1839, it is one of the oldest synagogues in the United States.
History.
Congregation Brit Shalom was founded on August 26, 1839. In 1842, the congregation built a synagogue building at 38 South Sixth Street, and by the late twentieth century it was used as the Second Baptist Church of Easton. In 1996, Mark Gordon identified it as the third oldest synagogue building in the country. However, the old synagogue burned down in 2003.
In 1959, the congregation, renamed Temple Covenant of Peace, moved to a new building.

</doc>
<doc id="18479114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18479114" title="Cammie Dunaway">
Cammie Dunaway

Cammie Dunaway is an American marketer. She was the chief marketing officer for Yahoo! before joining Nintendo of America in 2007 as the company's executive vice president of sales & marketing, replacing Reggie Fils-Aime in the role after he was promoted to his current position as president and COO of the company. Before joining Yahoo! in 2003, she worked for Frito-Lay for 13 years.
Personal life.
Dunaway holds a bachelor of science in business administration from the University of Richmond and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School.
Career.
Dunaway was named one of the 100 top marketers by Advertising Age. She appeared onstage for Nintendo's E3 2008 press conference, demonstrating "Shaun White Snowboarding" and "Wii Sports Resort". She also made numerous more appearances that day. Dunaway also appeared at Nintendo's E3 Press Conference in 2009. 
Dunaway left Nintendo of America in October 2010. She joined KidZania as the global chief marketing officer.

</doc>
<doc id="18479135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18479135" title="Coral Ridge Baptist University">
Coral Ridge Baptist University

Coral Ridge Baptist University (CRBU) was a Bible college and seminary in Florida. It merged with Freedom University and Seminary in 2001.
History.
CRBU was founded by a group of Baptist ministers and non-denominational ministers, affiliated with the Liberty Baptist Fellowship, Southern Baptist Convention, Coral Ridge Christian Fellowship, the Baptist Bible Fellowship, and the World Baptist Fellowship. Based in Jacksonville, Florida, the Coral Ridge church provided all needed classrooms, offices and equipment. The school was seen as an extension of evangelistic ministry or as "the church involved in education and ministry training". Training in Women's Ministries began at the school's inception.
In 1992, Don Sills opened a branch of the school near Cedar City, Utah. This branch was named George Wythe College. Graduate student Oliver DeMille and two others began teaching on-campus classes at this location on September 21, 1992.
On January 1, 2002, George Wythe College became independent of CRBU.
Degrees offered.
In 2001 CRBU offered the following degrees, all "designed solely for ecclesiastical or ministerial and Christian education vocations"."
Other.
CRBU merged with Freedom University. CRBU is not connected with D. James Kennedy's Coral Ridge Ministries.

</doc>
<doc id="18479136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18479136" title="Annie Dalton">
Annie Dalton

Annie Dalton, born 18 January 1948 in Dorset, is a British children's author, perhaps best known for writing the "Agent Angel" series, formerly known as the "Angels Unlimited" series, and now retitled The Angel Academy.
Biography.
Dalton grew up as an only child in the English countryside during the 1950s. Her father was not always around, but when he was, he would tell her fantastic stories, often with her as the principal character. Her father left the family for good. Dalton missed him and his stories, which led her to the fantasy section at her local library, thus sparking lifelong love of fiction.
After undertaking jobs such as waitressing, cleaning and factory work, Dalton went on to study at University of Warwick and soon started writing.
Personal life.
Dalton now lives in Norfolk. She has three children, Anna, Reuben and Maria (the inspiration for the first "Angels Unlimited" book, "Winging It"), and two grandchildren, Sophie and Isabelle.
Awards and nominations.
Annie Dalton's books "Night Maze" and "The Real Tilly Beany" were shortlisted for the Carnegie Medal. "The After Dark Princess" won the Nottinghamshire Book Award, while "Naming the Dark" and "Swan Sister" were on the shortlist for the Sheffield Children's Book Award.
Selected bibliography.
Afterdark

</doc>
<doc id="18479153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18479153" title="Xena pipe">
Xena pipe

The Xena pipe is a diatreme associated with the Birch Mountains kimberlite field in northern Alberta, Canada. It is thought to have formed about 75 million years ago when this part of Alberta was volcanically active during the Late Cretaceous period.

</doc>
<doc id="18479161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18479161" title="Alpha Pi Omega">
Alpha Pi Omega

Alpha Pi Omega Sorority, Inc. is the oldest historically American Indian sorority. It is also the largest Native American Greek letter organization, with 16 chapters and two provisional chapters across seven states and the District of Columbia.
History.
Alpha Pi Omega Sorority was founded on Sept. 1, 1994 at the University of North Carolina-Chapel Hill by four Native women. The founders, now known to the membership as the Four Winds, are Shannon Brayboy, Jamie Goins, Amy Locklear and Christie Strickland. 
With more than 70 tribes represented, the sorority has more than 500 sisters nationwide.
Founding principles
The sorority's founding principles are traditionalism, spirituality, education and contemporary issues. 
Membership
Interested women may join at the undergraduate or post-undergraduate level. Collegiate women must have completed at least one full-time academic term, have a 2.3 GPA or higher and no previous affiliation to any social sorority. Women interested joining a professional chapter must have completed a bachelor's degree or higher and have no previous affiliation to any social sorority. 
Officers
Nationally, the sorority is governed by a 12-member board known as the Grand Keepers of the Circle. Grand Keepers are elected to two-year terms and meet bi-monthly.

</doc>
<doc id="18479211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18479211" title="Church of the Higher Life">
Church of the Higher Life

The Church of the Higher Life was founded in Boston, Massachusetts in 1894 by Helen Van-Anderson.
It was the first New Thought Movement with a regular leader and organization.
Sources.
Dresser, Horatio. A History of the New Thought Movement. Thomas Y. Crowell. 1919.

</doc>
<doc id="18479241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18479241" title="Dragon pipe">
Dragon pipe

The Dragon pipe is a diatreme associated with the Birch Mountains kimberlite field in northern Alberta, Canada. It is thought to have formed about 75 million years ago when this part of Alberta was volcanically active during the Late Cretaceous period.

</doc>
<doc id="18479246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18479246" title="List of awards and nominations received by Bonnie Tyler">
List of awards and nominations received by Bonnie Tyler

This is a list partial of awards and nominations received by singer, Bonnie Tyler.
10th World Popular Song Festival in Tokyo 1979.
Yamaha Music Foundation
BASCA 40th Gold Badge Awards.
BASCA The British Academy of Songwriters, Composers and Authors. 
Other awards.
Bravo Otto Awards in Germany
Billboard 
Others are listed by year.
1978
1979
1986
1987
2001
2002
2004
2009
2010
2011
Honorees have accumulated substantial performance totals—from three to ten million—in U.S. radio and television,
2012
2013
2013

</doc>
<doc id="18479256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18479256" title="2000–01 European Challenge Cup">
2000–01 European Challenge Cup

The 2000–01 European Challenge Cup was the fifth year of the European Challenge Cup, the second tier rugby union cup competition below the Heineken Cup. The tournament was held between October 2000 and May 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="18479265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18479265" title="Tim Hardin 4">
Tim Hardin 4

Tim Hardin 4 is an album by folk artist Tim Hardin, released in 1969.
These early audition recordings done for Columbia in 1964 (which were ultimately rejected at that time) were not issued until 1969. The songs are in a straight blues style. A similar release was done by Atco on "This is Tim Hardin".
Reception.
In his review for Allmusic, music critic Jim Newsom wrote "... the album holds some interest as a historical document... This is not essential listening by any means, but it's pleasant enough to hear on a lazy, cloud-covered afternoon."
Track listing.
All songs by Tim Hardin unless otherwise noted.

</doc>
<doc id="18479295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18479295" title="Between Now and Forever">
Between Now and Forever

Between Now and Forever is the second studio album by American country music artist Bryan White. It was released in 1996 (see 1996 in country music) on Asylum Records. Like his debut album "Bryan White", it was certified platinum by the RIAA for U.S. sales of one million copies. The album produced four singles for White on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) charts. In order of release, these were "I'm Not Supposed to Love You Anymore" (number 4), "So Much for Pretending" (number 1), "That's Another Song" (number 15), and "Sittin' on Go" (number 1). "Sittin' on Go" was also his last Number One hit.

</doc>
<doc id="18479300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18479300" title="Municipal Zoological Park Quinzinho de Barros">
Municipal Zoological Park Quinzinho de Barros

The Municipal Zoological Park "Quinzinho de Barros" (the City Zoo of Sorocaba) is a zoo located in the municipality of Sorocaba, state of São Paulo, Brazil. It is a member of the Society of Brazilian Zoos (SZB), and is considered Brazil's second zoo in terms of species.
The zoo lies in the Vila Hortência district, in the eastern area of the town of Sorocaba and covers an area of approximately . It includes a strip of transitional Atlantic Forest in its secondary stage, a lake, as well as the Historical Museum of Sorocaba. According to a survey carried out in 1992 by the Society of Brazilian Zoos, it sheltered 1,487 specimens of 353 different species of mammals, birds and reptiles at that time. 70% belonged to the Brazilian fauna; among these, 36 species were threatened by extinction.
Classified as "A", the highest rank granted by the Brazilian Institute of Environment and Renewable Natural Resources (IBAMA), the zoo is a reference in Latin America in terms of leisure, research, preservation, and environmental education. It attracted over one million visitors in 2007, including pupils from 81 different towns of the state of São Paulo.
Activities developed by the Zoo have been sponsored and recognized by several national and international institutions, like the Smithsonian Institution, the World Wide Fund for Nature, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, among others.
History.
At the time of its foundation in 1654, Sorocaba featured several large squares called "largos", where makeshift stages were set up for plays, local popular festivals were held, or the donkey troops would rest at the time of the "Tropeirismo". With time, these "largos" became the city's current squares and parks.
The Largo do Jardim (Garden Square) was inaugurated on 1 January 1899; its name was later changed to Praça Frei Baraúna (Frei Baraúna Square). That's where the Jardim dos Bichos (Animal Garden) was installed on 15 January 1916; it remained there until 1930 and featured species of the Brazilian fauna, like panthers, monkeys, deers, sloths, small crocodiles, snakes, and birds, especially macaws.
Around 1965, the City Hall of Sorocaba decided to develop a large area along the banks of the Sorocaba River and built a park for the local public. Some neighbors suggested including some animals to make it more attractive. As a result, several types of birds were initially installed; other varieties of birds followed, as well as two tufted capuchins and an aquarium, which gave birth to the second Jardim dos Bichos (Animal Garden); it was officially inaugurated in 1966 and called Jardim da Margem (River Bank Garden).
The Parque Zoológico Municipal Quinzinho de Barros was inaugurated on 20 October 1968 in the presence of more than 2.000 people. It was set up in the rural property Quinzinho de Barros, which belonged to the family Prestes de Barros. The city of Sorocaba had acquired it by voluntary expropriation and transferred the animals from the Jardim da Margem to that location.
Quinzinho, as the local population calls it, began to offer educational activities in 1979 due to an initiative by both the Municipal Secretary of Education and Culture and the Zoo Director. As a result, the park ceased to be a mere showcase for animals and became a classroom as well.
The Environmental Education Center was set up in 1988; it comprises a specialized library on the environment which contains both technical books and books for children, a museum of zoology, a lecture hall, as well as a dormitory for trainees who come from other cities to attend courses. The Laboratório Cientistas da Natureza (Scientists of Nature Lab) was added later to make research more popular.
The zoo was refurbished in 2004; it now includes state-of-the-art exhibition techniques, such as monkey pits, aviaries in which the visitors can watch the birds flying around them, as well as large glass panes that allow them to watch bears, the South American giant otter, and other species from a short distance.
In addition to the courses offered to biologists and veterinary surgeons from all over Brazil, the Quinzinho de Barros Municipal Zoological Park is in charge of training the São Paulo Forrest Police soldiers, sergeants, and officials.

</doc>
<doc id="18479305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18479305" title="Marinite">
Marinite

Marinite is a gray to dark-gray or black oil shale of marine origin in which the chief organic components are lamalginite and bituminite derived from marine phytoplankton, with varied admixtures of bitumen, telalginite and vitrinite. Marinite deposits are the most abundant oil-shale deposits. They are generally widespread but at the same time they are relatively thin and often of restricted economic importance. Typical environments for marinite deposits are found in epeiric seas (e.g. on broad shallow marine shelves or below inland seas where wave action is restricted and currents are minimal). 
The largest marinite-type oil-shale deposits are the Devonian–Mississippian oil-shales deposits in eastern United States. In Canada, the mirinite-type of oil-shale deposits include the Devonian Kettle Point Formation and the Ordovician Collingwood Shale of southern Ontario, the Cretaceous Boyne and Favel deposits in the Prairie Provinces of Manitoba, Saskatchewan, and Alberta, and the Anderson Plain and the Mackenzie Delta deposits in the Northwest Territories. 
Outside North America, marinite occurs in the Irati Formation in Brazil, deposits in the Middle East and North Africa, and in Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="18479320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18479320" title="Shanghai Chest Hospital">
Shanghai Chest Hospital

Shanghai Chest Hospital (Chinese: 上海市胸科医院) is the earliest founded hospital in China, specialized in cadio-vascular system, lung, esophagus, trachea and mediastinum. 
History.
The hospital was founded in 1957, and Huang Jiasi served as the first president. First vice-presidents were Lan Xichun and Gu Kaishi. In 1957, it was designated by Ministry of Health as a national training center for cadio-vascular and chest surgery. From 1988, it became a teaching hospital of formerly Shanghai Second Medical University. In 1994, it was elected 3-star First-Class hospital. In 2004, it became Shanghai Red Cross Chest Hospital. Since 2005, it has been affiliated to School of Medicine of Shanghai Jiao Tong University.

</doc>
<doc id="18479331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18479331" title="A Theory of Everything">
A Theory of Everything

A Theory of Everything: An Integral Vision for Business, Politics, Science, and Spirituality is a book by Ken Wilber detailing his approach to building a conceptual model of the World that encompasses both its physical and spiritual dimensions. He posits a unified ground-of-everything he calls Spirit.
The book's first four chapters cover the physical and mental development of this unified ground. Then, in the rest of the book, he lays out what he feels are the practical applications of his philosophy to business, education, medicine, ecology, and war. Beliefnet.com says that this book is, "Wilber's shortest, simplest overview of his work."

</doc>
<doc id="18479335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18479335" title="Albela (actor)">
Albela (actor)

Albela was born in Gojra, Toba Tek Singh District and came to Lahore at a very young age to become an actor. Albela had a long film career as comedian but he did not achieve great success on the silver screen. He was more popular as stage actor. His first film was "Rishtay" released in 1963. He only had a main role in the film "Wardatia" (1991) and some of his other films are "Badnam", "Yaar Maar", "Ishq Nachawe Gali Gali", "Allah Ditta", "Siren", "International Luttairey", "Majhoo", "Abdullah The Great", "Hero", and "Khandan.
Albela’s biggest contribution was in the field of theatre. He performed in numerous stage shows and dramas. He is recognised as one of the actors who transformed theatre, evolving the present commercial theatre. He also performed in numerous television plays in his career spanning over 50 years.
Comedian Albela died of a heart failure in Lahore on July 17, 2004. He was 63. He is survived by a wife, two sons and seven daughters. His son Honey Albela is also in show biz and is currently part of the cast of Khabarnaak.
Songography.
Albela sung two comedy songs in films:

</doc>
<doc id="18479373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18479373" title="Crescent Mill">
Crescent Mill

Crescent Mill is an historic cotton textile mill located at 30 Front Street in Fall River, Massachusetts.
The mill was organized in 1871 and built in 1872 from native Fall River granite in the Italianate style. It had a capacity of 33,280 spindles. Benjamin Covel served as the company's first president. The mill was sold to Merchants Manufacturing Company in 1893, and became known as Merchant's Mill No. 3.
The Crescent Mill was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="18479388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18479388" title="Olentangy Orange High School (Lewis Center, Ohio)">
Olentangy Orange High School (Lewis Center, Ohio)

Olentangy Orange High School is a public comprehensive secondary school located in Lewis Center, Ohio. As the third and newest high school in the Olentangy Local School District, it opened on August 10, 2008 with the first classes starting on August 20, 2008. The school serves students from all or small portions of the unincorporated community of Lewis Center and the city of Westerville, as well as Genoa and Orange Townships in Delaware County. The high school serves one cul-de-sac in Franklin County as well. The design of the building is set up to be similar to Olentangy Liberty High School.
There were only about 800 students in ninth through eleventh grade for the 2008/09 school year, as the seniors were allowed to graduate at their previous school, but school officials anticipated enrollment to climb to nearly 1,200 students come the 2009/10 school year.
For the 2009-2010 school year, Orange was ranked 14th in academics in Ohio out of 658 schools.

</doc>
<doc id="18479400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18479400" title="Fairhaven Town Hall">
Fairhaven Town Hall

Fairhaven Town Hall is a historic town hall at Center Street in Fairhaven, Massachusetts.
The town hall was built in 1892 and added to the National Historic Register in 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="18479416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18479416" title="Flint Mills">
Flint Mills

Flint Mills is an historic textile mill complex located on Alden Street in Fall River, Massachusetts, near the banks of the Quequechan River. The company was founded in 1872 and named in honor of John D. Flint, who served as its first president. The original 1872 mill burned in 1882, and was rebuilt in 1883. The complex was later expanded with a second mill and large addition in 1909. The site also contains a detached granite mill office building. The section of Fall River surrounding the mill became known as "Flint Village". The site was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
History.
The mills were incorporated on February 28, 1872 during a time of remarkable growth within the City of Fall River. Initial working capital was set at $500,000, put in by about 200 shareholders. John D. Flint served as the first president of the company. Some of the other founders include Samuel C. Wrightington, Simeon Borden and William H. Jennings. The original 1872 mill, designed by D.H. Dyer, was built from native Fall River granite. It measured 300 feet long by 94 feet wide, with five stories and an ornate mansard tower. It was an unusually wide mill for its time, as most other mills in the city were about 72 or 74 feet in width. The new mill was fitted with 45,360 spindles and 1,008 looms for the production of print cloths, and employed about 500 people. Power was supplied by a 650 horsepower double Corliss engine fed by 5 upright boilers of 170 horsepower each. Water for the steam system was drawn from a canal dug to the nearby Quequechan River.
The company also purchased about 62 acres of land surrounding the mill, which at that time, was still largely farmland. The section of Fall River surrounding the mill became known as "Flint Village".
On October 28, 1882 it was destroyed by a massive fire that began in the engine room. Mill #1 was rebuilt in 1883, although without the original ornate tower. A second mill was later added to the east in 1909, and a large addition was made connecting the two mills. By 1911, the capital of the Flint Mills had increased to $1,160,000 with a capacity of 107,000 spindles.
The company operated until 1930. Since then, it has been occupied by various small businesses, including garment manufacturers for many years. Mill #1 is currently occupied by Klear-Vu Shipping Corporation and New England Shirt Company, a garment manufacturer.
In 2010, a fire started by an arsonist did little damage to the mill.

</doc>
<doc id="18479424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18479424" title="FC Sevastopol-2">
FC Sevastopol-2

FC Sevastopol-2 is a Ukrainian football club. It is the second squad or Reserve team of FC Sevastopol. The club competed in the Druha Liha football competition of Ukraine for the first time in 2008 but was withdrawn from the competition during the winter break.
Previously the Reserve club "FC Sevastopol-2" competed in the Autonomous Republic of Crimea Football League and returned to that competition of 2009.
After the senior club was promoted to the Ukrainian Premier League the club was entered in the Reserves competition for the 2010–11 season.
Upon relegation from the Ukrainian Premier League the club entered the reserve team once again in the Druha Liha for 2011–12 season.
League and cup history.
The club was founded in 2004 and played under the name of Alvita. The club competed in the Autonomous Crimean Football League.

</doc>
<doc id="18479431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18479431" title="Harris Street Bridge">
Harris Street Bridge

Harris Street Bridge is a historic truss bridge that spans the Taunton River at Dean and Harris Streets in Taunton, Massachusetts.
The bridge was built in 1887 by the Penn Bridge Company to carry a water pipe from the nearby Harris Street Pumping Station to the center of the city. Its secondary function was as a road and pedestrian bridge. The bridge is a pin-connected wrought-iron 6-panel Pratt truss measuring 100 feet in length and 35 feet in width, with a single span of 95 feet.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. The bridge has been closed to vehicular and pedestrian traffic for many years and deck and railings are in serious disrepair. It still serves its original function carrying the water pipe over the Taunton River.

</doc>
<doc id="18479439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18479439" title="King Philip Mills">
King Philip Mills

King Philip Mills is an historic mill complex located at 372 Kilburn Street in Fall River, Massachusetts. 
The company was organized with $500,000 in capital in 1871 and Mill No. 1 was built the same year. In 1881, capital was increased to $1,000,000 and Mill No. 2 was built. Mill No. 3 was added in 1888 for weaving. Mill No. 4 was built in 1892. By 1917 the company had a capacity of 134,000 spindles and 3,000 looms.
In 1930 the company was acquired by Berkshire Fine Spinning Associates.
The site was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
On the morning of January 3, 2012, the former office building of the mills was destroyed by arson.

</doc>
<doc id="18479445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18479445" title="Mickten">
Mickten

Mickten is a quarter ("Stadtteil") of the city of Dresden, eastern Germany. It is part of the northwestern borough ("Ortsamtsbereich") of Pieschen. 
The historic village at the road to Leipzig north of the Elbe river was incorporated into Dresden in 1903. From 1990 a new commercial area between Mickten and the neighbouring "Kaditz" quarter was developed including the "Elbe Park" mall with numerous shops and a cinema. The infrastructure of Mickten was severely damaged by the 2002 Elbe floods. 
From 1946 Mickten had a football club called SG Mickten that merged with the Dresdner SC in 1954.

</doc>
<doc id="18479449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18479449" title="Stuart Hill (Captain Calamity)">
Stuart Hill (Captain Calamity)

Stuart Alan Hill (born 1943) also known as Captain Calamity is an English amateur sailor, jurist and activist in the Shetland Islands independence movement.
Early life.
Hill was born 1943 in Bromley, Kent, the son of a nuclear engineer. His early career included driving a van and working as a construction worker.
He spent about twenty years in Claydon, near Ipswich, in Suffolk England, where he was the village blacksmith.
Attempt to circumnavigate the British Isles.
Mr Hill gained the name “Captain Calamity” after he caused 5 lifeboat launches and 2 rescue helicopter call outs during a failed attempt to single-handedly circumnavigate Britain in a “ dinghy” during 2001. His vessel "Maximum Exposure" – a “converted rowing boat” “likened to a glorified sailboard” with a sail "canibalized" from a windsurfing board – was considered by many, including the Coastguard and RNLI, to be under-equipped and “unfit” for such a journey.
Louis Rivett-Carnac, of the Great Yarmouth coastguard said "This type of craft is totally unsuitable for what he wanted to do. Even if you were Francis Drake you would have trouble in a craft like that."
Mr Hill’s problems began when his launch was delayed for a month after he suffered an allergic reaction to resin he was using to treat the hull of his boat. He launched into the river Stour near his Manningtree home in May 2001. As he set off “someone had to chase after him with a spare centreboard” He damaged his vessel when he "crashed into another boat only minutes after setting sail". Six days and 100 miles later he had to be towed ashore by Lifeboat Ruby and Arthur Reed II after calling Cromer coastguard in Norfolk to report his mast, taken from a sailboard, split.
Soon after he ran into trouble with the authorities for “selling promotional T-shirts without a licence”
After a 3 week delay he set sail into high winds and what Coastguards described as "the worst weather forecast possible" and progressed less than 3 miles in three days. He got as far as Sheringham before a Lifeboat and helicopter went to his aid. Mr Hill refused their assistance and stated he wished to carry on with his journey. Coastguards received numerous calls from concerned members of the public “who thought he was about to go down.” but he “insisted on carrying on against the advice of coastguards and rescuers.”
Mr Hill had made it as far as Trimingham, south of Cromer, Norfolk, before another rescue attempt was made. He had reportedly gone to sea “with a hole in the hull of his boat, which let in gallons of water, soaking his radio and cutting off communication with the shore” and “spent weeks drifting off the coast of East Anglia” “(But) each time the coastguards came out to him, he sent them away until he had to admit that there was a hole in the vessel that he had described as "unsinkable"”
Louis Rivett-Carnac, of Great Yarmouth coastguard said "A lifeboat went to offer him assistance and persuade him that it was crazy and he was costing us a fortune so he decided to knock it on the head"
He was towed ashore to Cromer beach.
He again caused trouble for rescue agencies when he was "spotted drifting in circles 22 miles out in busy shipping lanes" and the Coastguard were unable to contact him. On his return to inshore waters the Lowestoft lifeboat in Suffolk had to put to sea to warn him he was so close to shore that he was in danger of running aground. Chris Barnes, honorary secretary of the Cromer lifeboat, said "My coxswain described it like putting someone blindfold in the middle of the M1 and telling everyone else to miss them" and that Mr Hill should never have attempted his voyage but the RNLI would always go to his aid
He also “blundered” into an area of sea “intended for a practice bombing run by RAF Tornados”
He made it as far north as Shetland calling in at Baltasound in Unst to get supplies. He was next spotted rounding Muckle Flugga lighthouse heading out into the Atlantic. Soon after, his vessel capsized in 20 ft-high seas west of the islands in August 2001. "He was asleep in his bunk" when his boat overturned but managed to contact rescuers with via a satellite phone and spent around an hour in the sea clinging to the upturned vessel. Kieran Murray, helicopter winchman on Coastguard rescue helicopter Oscar Charlie based in Shetland said Mr Hill was "extremely lucky" to survive
He spent a night in hospital suffering from hypothermia but stated that he was “undeterred” and may attempt the journey again. He later wished “he hadn't called them (the rescue services). If only he had held on until the next morning when it was calm and clear, he might have made it and shown the world that a small guy could build a world-beating boat.” Despite the multiple problems with his boat and the eventual capsize Mr Hill dismissed claims that it was unseaworthy stating "The boat was designed for extreme conditions and it's stood up really well".
Cost to emergency services.
Mr Hill had originally planned to raise money for charity. However, Rab Taylor, Great Yarmouth coastguard's Operations Manager, told the BBC "Launching the lifeboat, offshore and inshore, helicopters, Nimrod aircraft and using other vessels at sea all costs money and it could be counter-productive compared to what Mr Hill is going to raise for charities through this trip."
Despite being “heavily criticised for wasting the time and resources of the coastguard and lifeboat services" Mr Hill felt “no guilt about taking up so much of their time”. He said "If there's a service for those in peril on the sea, surely it should be used - I only really cost them the diesel."
Further rescues.
On Sunday 14 September 2008 Mr Hill had to be rescued again from the seas of Shetland after launching a "home made" plywood boat, described as "ramshackle" and a "floating wardrobe", without a radio or lifejacket in very poor weather conditions. The boat was "swamped by a heavy sea."
He alerted Shetland coastguard via mobile telephone at 10.30pm and told them that he was "drifting without engines in a boat full of water" in the Sound of Papa on the West of Shetland. A spokesman from the coastguard said the "Sound of Papa was a treacherous place to be in a small boat."
The coastguard helicopter and Aith lifeboat were launched and Mr Hill was picked up by the crew of the lifeboat and taken ashore just after midnight.
Hylton Henry, coxwain of the Aith Lifeboat said Mr Hill was very lucky to be alive. 
"He didn't have a lifejacket on or a VHF radio. He had a flare but couldn't use it and by the time we got there, his mobile phone battery was flat. He was difficult to find because his boat had sunk by then and he was sitting on the surface of the water in it in the dark. The stretch of water where we found him is one of the most treacherous in Britain. If it had been a worse night, he wouldn't have survived. The description of the boat was a wardrobe on its back floating in the water - and that was pretty accurate. It's a humble thing and totally unsuitable for the conditions. Now that winter is coming, I hope he realises it is not safe to do what he is doing. He will be putting other lives at risk by going out to rescue him. If he carries on like this, he will need rescuing again, there is no doubt of that."
Mr. Hill hoped to salvage his boat and use it again.
Stuart Hill told the Shetland Times newspaper that his reputation as a calamitous mariner was one thing he would "like to put to bed" but "it seems to follow me around."
Causing purposeful hazards to shipping.
On 14 April 2009 Hill wrote a letter to The Shetland News website claiming that he had installed "devices" in the waters surrounding Forewick Holm "that can hole the hull of any boat and others designed to foul propellers."
Crown Dependency of Forvik.
On June 21, 2008, Hill, occasional resident of a island in Shetland called Forewick Holm (renamed Forvik Island) made a declaration of dependence which he says created the Crown Dependency of Forvik, his rights to the Island of Forewick are disputed. King, the islands owner stated in March 2009 Hill had not paid for the island as agreed.
. Hill claims the island is not part of the United Kingdom and therefore not part of the European Union.

</doc>
<doc id="18479464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18479464" title="The Best of Tim Hardin">
The Best of Tim Hardin

The Best of Tim Hardin is a compilation album by folk artist Tim Hardin, released in 1969. All the songs are taken from "Tim Hardin 1" and "Tim Hardin 2".
The album was released again in 1974 on the Archetypes label and is out of print although all the songs are available on other Hardin compilations.
Track listing.
All songs by Tim Hardin unless otherwise noted.

</doc>
<doc id="18479470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18479470" title="301st Rescue Squadron">
301st Rescue Squadron

The 301st Rescue Squadron (301 RQS) is part of the 920th Rescue Wing at Patrick Air Force Base, Florida. It operates HH-60 Pave Hawk aircraft conducting search and rescue missions.
History.
The 301st has trained for combat search and rescue (CSAR) capability since its inception. It has performed search and rescue and medical evacuation missions primarily over land areas of and water areas off Florida. Between 1979 and 1997 the squadron also had helicopter air refueling capability. It has provided rescue coverage for space shuttle launches since 1981, and launch support at the Eastern Test Range since 1993. The 301st deployed crews to provide SAR coverage worldwide, including to Keflavík, Iceland, during and after the Gulf War, and to the Persian Gulf area since 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="18479473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18479473" title="Stuart Hill">
Stuart Hill

Stuart Hill may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18479476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18479476" title="Busuu">
Busuu

busuu is a social network for learning languages. It is based on a freemium business model. The website provides learning units for twelve languages: English, Spanish, French, German, Italian, Portuguese (Brazil), Russian, Polish, Turkish, Arabic, Japanese and Chinese. Users select one or more of these languages and work through the self-paced units.
Name origin.
Busuu is a language spoken in Cameroon. According to an ethnological study conducted in the 1980s, only eight people at that time were still able to speak this language. The ISO 639-3 code for Busuu is codice_1.
Concept.
busuu offers courses based on (CEFR) levels A1, A2, B1 and B2. Users enroll to study one or more languages. The study material for a language is typically broken down into around 150 units. Units consist of multiple-choice questions, speaking assignments, and writing assignments. Some sections within each unit include multimedia material, such as spoken multiple-choice questions. Users act as both student and tutor, correcting one another's work. They can converse via chat-window, an audio connection, or a webcam connection.
There are two classes of member: ordinary member, and paying premium member. Grammar units and some of the multimedia functions, such as video units, voice recording, and podcasts, are available only to premium members. The site sells materials from its partners, such as grammar reference books from Collins.
busuu also offers mobile apps for iOS and Android in 12 languages. All apps can be downloaded for free with a set of basic learning units. Additional units and content can be purchased.
All mobile app content is free for busuu Premium members.
In 2013, the company launched two iPad apps for kids - 'Kids learn English with busuu' and 'Kids learn Spanish with busuu'
Development.
The site left beta in February 2009, and moved to a freemium business model. As of August 2012, a single month's premium membership cost €19.99, with reductions for longer-term subscriptions. The site's design is based on the Drupal framework. On joining, users are presented with an animated graphic representing a garden. They can earn points by completing units, and use the points to add ornamentation to the garden—clouds and butterflies, for example. busuu offers courses in twelve languages: English, Spanish, French, German, Italian, Portuguese (Brazil), Russian, Polish, Turkish, Arabic, Japanese, and Chinese. Since September 2011, busuu also offers business courses in English and Spanish.
In October 2012, busuu has closed a Series A investment round of €3.5 million from PROfounders Capital and private investors. The funds help to further improve the website and functionalities and increase global market share.
Awards.
busuu was accepted as a project within the UNESCO 2008 international year of languages, after its campaign to save Silbo Gomero won a Silver Lion award in the International Advertising Festival. In 2009 it was a nominee in the Tech Crunch and "Premios de Internet" awards, and won the European Language Label for innovative projects in language learning. In 2011 it won the Tech Crunch award for Best Education Startup.
In November 2012, busuu won the Seven Ventures Pitch Day prize, worth EUR 4 mil in media spend in Germany. The pitch day was hosted by ProSiebenSat.1 Media AG in London.

</doc>
<doc id="18479481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18479481" title="John Speed (disambiguation)">
John Speed (disambiguation)

John Speed may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18479492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18479492" title="Radka Brožková">
Radka Brožková

Radka Brožková (born June 21, 1984 in Rovensko pod Troskami) is a Czech orienteering competitor, bronze medallist from the world championships. 
She received a silver medal in "middle distance" and finished 4th in the "relay" at the Junior World Orienteering Championships in Gdynia in 2004. 
She received a bronze medal in the "middle distance" at the 2008 World Orienteering Championships in Olomouc, behind Minna Kauppi and Vroni König-Salmi.

</doc>
<doc id="18479508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18479508" title="Cesare Bonizzi">
Cesare Bonizzi

Father Cesare Bonizzi, O.F.M. Cap. (born 1946), also known as Frate Cesare and Fratello Metallo ("Brother Metal") - which was also the name of his band, is a Capuchin friar, who was known as a heavy metal singer.
Biography.
Bonizzi was born in Offanengo, in the Province of Cremona, Italy. He entered the Capuchin Order in 1975, and subsequently carried out missionary work in the Ivory Coast. After returning to Italy he was ordained a priest in 1983. Since 1990 he has been interested in using music as a means of contemplation and spiritual devotion, and he has released numerous albums in various styles from new age to rock. After seeing Metallica in concert, however, he became passionate about heavy metal as a musical vehicle. According to him, "Metal is the most energetic, vital, deep and true musical language that I know." He currently lives in the convent of Musocco, a district of Milan. In late 2009, he announced that he would no longer perform.
Music.
Although Bonizzi's full transformation to heavy metal is only found on Fratello Metallo's 2008 release "Misteri", Bonizzi has recorded numerous albums in various musical genres. He cites Megadeth and Metallica as major inspirations on his transformation to metal. With his new style of music, which he calls "Metrock" as a combination of metal and rock, he was the opening act at 2008's Gods of Metal, Italy's largest heavy metal festival.
Bonizzi performed in full Franciscan habit. Although he was frequently mistaken as making the sign of the horns in concert, he actually extended his thumb along with the index and pinkie, which is the handsign for "I love you" in the American Sign Language.

</doc>
<doc id="18479533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18479533" title="Julia Lee Smith">
Julia Lee Smith

Julia Lee Smith is a British actress who is probably best known for her roles as Kate Ellis in the ITV soap Night and Day (2002–2003) and Lucy Day in Family Affairs (2002–2005). In addition to this, however, she has also appeared in a number of other television series, notably The Bill, Sky One's Dream Team and Casualty. She has also appeared in several films including the 1998 drama I Want You, and can also be seen in the video for Travis's 1999 single Turn. She was nominated for an award at the 2003 British Soap Awards as sexiest female for her role as Lucy Day in Family Affairs.
She is sometimes credited as Julie Smith.

</doc>
<doc id="18479539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18479539" title="FIFA Football 2003">
FIFA Football 2003

FIFA Football 2003, known as FIFA Soccer 2003 in North America, is an association football video game produced by Electronic Arts and released by EA Sports. It was released in October 2002.
"FIFA 2003" is the tenth game in the "FIFA" series and the seventh to be produced in 3D. A number of new features were added to improve upon the previous version. Club Championship Mode was introduced with the feature of playing against 17 of Europe's top clubs in their own stadiums and the fans singing their unique chants and songs. A TV-style broadcast package gives highlights at half-time and full-time, as well as comprehensive analysis. One of the most anticipated new features was EA Sport's "Freestyle Control" which allows the user to flick the ball on and lay it off to team mates. Other additions include greater likenesses of some of the more well-known players such as Thierry Henry and Ronaldinho, as well as realistic player responses.
The European cover features Roberto Carlos, Ryan Giggs, and Edgar Davids, representing Brazil, Manchester United and Juventus respectively. In the United States, Landon Donovan appeared in Roberto Carlos' place.
Soundtrack.
"FIFA Football 2003" was the first game in the series to use the EA Trax branding, and features the following songs:

</doc>
<doc id="18479576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18479576" title="SCR-299">
SCR-299

The SCR-299 was a U.S. Signal Corps mobile military communications unit used during World War II.
History.
The SCR-299 "mobile communications unit" was developed to provide long-range communications during World War II. The US Military sought improvements of range, flexibility and durability over its existing SCR-197 and SCR-597 transmitters. In 1942, Hallicrafters Standard HT-4 was selected as the SCR-299's transmitter, known subsequently by its military designation as the BC-610. The SCR-299 was first used on November 8, 1942 during Operation TORCH involving companies of the 829th Signal Service Battalion establishing a radio net that could exchange messages between beach-landed forces and bases in Gibraltar. Despite initial problems unloading the sets from convoy ships, the SCR-299s served until the installation of permanent Army Command and Administrative Network stations. According to US Army military historians, "General Dwight Eisenhower credited the SCR-299 in his successful reorganization of the American forces and final defeat of the Nazis at Kasserine Pass." 
The range of the SCR-299 exceeded original specifications, sometime establishing contact over . 
The SCR-299 provided reliable communications with England during the North African campaign, and in Normandy on D-Day, served as a connection between two airborne divisions with Britain. The SCR-299 was also used in the invasion of Sicily and the Allied invasion of Italy.
War correspondents and press reporters frequently made use of the SCR-299 and SCR-399. Access to the sets was provided to them by US Second Army and US Third Army Group Communications Teams, and in one instance, the SCR-399 became the only means of getting press copy direct to London.
In 1944, a short subject film was produced by the Jam Handy Organization and sponsored by the Hallicrafters Company that showed the construction of the SCR-299 and dramatized its use during World War II.
Hallicrafters Company advertising of the period sometimes used illustrations of the shelter-mounted SCR-399 to describe the achievements of the SCR-299.
External links.
voice of victory [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TURd_XVpwvk]

</doc>
<doc id="18479579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18479579" title="Parul Chauhan">
Parul Chauhan

Parul Chauhan is an Indian television model and Indian Television actress who played Ragini in the serial "Bidaai". She has also participated in the Sony TV dance show Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa with choreographer Deepak.
She was nominated in the Indian Television Academy awards in 2009. She replaced Shalini Chandran as the lead in the television series "Rishton Se Badi Pratha".

</doc>
<doc id="18479583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18479583" title="List of TVB series (2000)">
List of TVB series (2000)

This is a list of series released by or aired on TVB Jade Channel in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="18479590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18479590" title="Cadeguala">
Cadeguala

Cadeguala or "Cadiguala" was a Mapuche toqui elected in 1585 following the death in battle of the previous toqui Nangoniel. Cadeguala was a noted warrior and the first Mapuche toqui known to have used cavalry successfully in battle. He was killed in a duel with the garrison commander of the Spanish fort at Purén in 1586.
While very young he entered the Mapuche army as a private, although he was a nobleman, and gradually won promotion to the grade of general. The toqui, Cayancaru, gave him command of a strong army to attack the city of Angol, which he did without success, but then marched to the city of Arauco, besieged and entered it. Afterward he intended to attack Fort Trinidad, this fortress commanding the passage from Bio-bio River, but a body of Spanish troops under Francisco Hernandez came out and defeated Cadeguala, who lost an arm and was otherwise severely wounded. This forced him to retire to the mountains. He was followed thither by the lieutenant-governor of Chili, who attempted an ambush, only to be discovered, defeated, and killed, with 50 of his men, 14 November 1586. On the same day Cadeguala was elected toqui by acclamation.
Following his election, Cadeguala began operations against the Spanish and then attacked Angol breaking into the city with the aid of sympathetic Indians that set fires within the town. However the arrival of the governor Alonso de Sotomayor inspired a counterattack by the residents that had fled to the citadel driving the Mapuche back out of the town. Deprived of success there he followed with a siege of the Spanish fort at Purén the following year with 4,000 warriors. After driving off a relief force led by Governor Sotomayor with his 150 lancers he offered the garrison a chance to withdraw or join his army which was refused by all but one. He next challenged the commander of the fort, Alonso García de Ramón, to single combat to decide the fate of the fortress. The two leaders fought on horseback with lances, and Cadeguala fell, killed by his opponent's weapon in the first tilt. Even when dying, the Mapuche warrior would not admit defeat, and tried in vain to mount his horse again. His army raised the siege but after electing Guanoalca as toqui returned to successfully drive the poorly supplied Spanish from Purén.

</doc>
<doc id="18479661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18479661" title="Nozomu Kato">
Nozomu Kato

Nozomu Kato (born 7 October 1969 in Miyagi prefecture) is a former Japanese football player. He has played for Kashiwa Reysol and Shonan Bellmare.

</doc>
<doc id="18479688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18479688" title="1999–2000 European Challenge Cup">
1999–2000 European Challenge Cup

The 1999–2000 European Challenge Cup was the fourth year of the European Challenge Cup, the second tier rugby union cup competition below the Heineken Cup. The tournament was held between November 1999 and May 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="18479693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18479693" title="Arturo Bonet">
Arturo Bonet

Arturo Bonet Polledo (? – ?) was a Spanish chess master.
Bonet lived in Asturias, an autonomous community within the kingdom of Spain. In 1936, he participated in "Barcelona la Olimpiada Obrera", as a replicate of The 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin, organised by Nazis.
He tied for 6-7th at Gijón 1944 (the 1st International Tournament, Alexander Alekhine won),
took 7th at Gijon 1945 (the 2nd it, won by Antonio Rico), but won an individual game against Alekhine. Bonet had already beat Alekhine in a simultan game at Madrid 1923. He took 12th at Gijón 1949 (the 6th it, Nicolas Rossolimo won). and twice took 3rd in Asturias championships in 1952 and 1955.

</doc>
<doc id="18479706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18479706" title="Regev">
Regev

Regev, Regeb () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18479724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18479724" title="Tear down the wall">
Tear down the wall

Tear down the wall(s) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18479729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18479729" title="Whitesand First Nation">
Whitesand First Nation

The Whitesand First Nation is an Ojibwa First Nation in Northern Ontario, Canada. They have reserved for themselves the Whitesand reserve. The community of Armstrong Settlement is their main community, located coterminously with Armstrong, Thunder Bay District, Ontario. In June 2008, their total registered population was 1086 people, of which their on-reserve population was 311.
Originally located along the northwest shore of Lake Nipigon near Mount St. John, and near the Whitesand River which gives name to the group, Whitesand First Nation was without a home from 1942 when high water levels began eroding the shoreline and flooding out their buildings and burial grounds. Due to the economic influence of the Canadian National Railway, many Whitesand First Nation members settled along the CNR rail line. Largest of these settlements took place in Armstrong. Consequently, when a new Reserve was negotiated, it was located immediately north of that community.
Whitesand is policed by the OPP an agreement made between chief and council and OPP (OPP: Ontario Provincial Police)
Governance.
The current electoral leadership of the council consists of Chief Allan Gustufson and six councillors: Barbara Doblej, Jim Doblej, Raymond Kwandibens, Yvette Kwandibens-Toset, Wayne Matchiendagos and James Nayanookeesic. Their term began on October 27, 2007. There will be an election held this year on the 28th and 29th of October, 2011.
The First Nation is part of the Independent First Nations Alliance of the Nishnawbe Aski Nation, though Whitesand First Nation is located within the Robinson Superior Treaty area. The First Nation is also a member of Waaskiinaysay Ziibi Inc., an economic development corporation made up of five Lake Nipigon First Nations.

</doc>
<doc id="18479746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18479746" title="Findley Burns, Jr.">
Findley Burns, Jr.

Findley Burns, Jr. (May 4, 1917, Baltimore, MD - October 14, 2003, Southern Pines, NC) was an American Foreign Service officer, Vice Consul, and Ambassador.
Graduate of Princeton University (1939), Burns attended Harvard from 1950–51 and was a student at the National War College in Washington from 1961-62. He was a member of the International Institute for Strategic Studies in London.
Burns entered the Foreign Service in 1941. Some of his early assignments were in Madrid, Brussels, Warsaw, Martinique, and Vienna. He later served as ambassador to Jordan from 1966 to 1968 (where he was stationed during the June 1967 Six-Day War) and as ambassador to Ecuador from 1970 to 1973.
From 1974 to 1980, he worked at the United Nations in New York, where he was director of the office of Technical Cooperation.

</doc>
<doc id="18479767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18479767" title="Yohei Toyoda">
Yohei Toyoda

After graduating from Seiryo High School, he joined Nagoya Grampus Eight. He made his first league appearance on August 21, 2004 against Júbilo Iwata. His first league goal came on July 23, 2005 against Kashima Antlers. He played for J. League division 2 side Montedio Yamagata in 2007 and 2008 on a loan deal. After helping Yamagata to promote to division 1, Toyoda made a permanent move to fellow division 1 side Kyoto Sanga in December 2008.
He was a member of the Japan team for the 2008 Summer Olympic finals. He scored a goal in a group stage match against Nigeria.
Career statistics.
As of 7 January 2012

</doc>
<doc id="18479804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18479804" title="Make Me Lose Control (song)">
Make Me Lose Control (song)

"Make Me Lose Control" is a 1988 Billboard Hot 100 #3 hit single (see 1988 in music) written and performed by the singer-songwriter Eric Carmen. It was co-written by Dean Pitchford.
Released a few months after the success of "Hungry Eyes," Carmen's song from the film "Dirty Dancing" which peaked at #4 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart, "Make Me Lose Control" also reached the Top 5 on the Hot 100, topping out at #3. On the Sales chart, the song spent a week at #1; on the Airplay chart, it made #4. The song spent 13 weeks in the Top 40. In addition, "Make Me Lose Control" spent three weeks at #1 on the adult contemporary chart, the singer's second song to do so (following "Never Gonna Fall in Love Again" from 1976).
Carmen stated in the liner notes to a compilation album that "Make Me Lose Control" was an "odd record because it was all by itself. The song wasn't part of an album, but it was an interesting experience to jump back into the studio with Jimmy Ienner after ten years." Ienner is the producer of this and other songs recorded by Carmen. The B side of the 45 RPM was Carmen's original 1975 recording of his song which became a major hit in 1977 for Shaun Cassidy, That's Rock 'n' Roll.
"Make Me Lose Control" did not originally appear on any of Carmen's studio albums; the song would later surface on various "greatest hits" releases. In keeping with its nostalgic feel, richness of harmony and underlying yearning for the "sweet songs" of the 1950s and 1960s, references four other songs from that era: "Uptown" (whether the song indicates the song recorded by Roy Orbison or the one recorded by the Crystals is unclear), "Stand by Me" by Ben E. King, "Be My Baby" by The Ronettes and "Back in My Arms Again" by the Supremes. Of the seven times Carmen's compositions have reached the Top 10, it is the only song that has been released by no other artist besides him.
It was featured in the Showtime TV series "Dexter" in a season one episode called "Shink Wrap" (1x08), being enthusiastically sung into a police trophy by Debra Morgan (Jennifer Carpenter), while she danced in her bra in front of a mirror.
Music video.
The music video features Kid Leo, a radio personality who got his start in Cleveland, Carmen's hometown. The video references the film "American Graffiti" by re-creating the scene in which the blonde in the white T-Bird (Suzanne Somers) tells Curt (Richard Dreyfuss) "I love you" and his near-misses with her thereafter. In the video, a mysterious young blonde pulls up beside Carmen's car and tells him "I love you." Like Dreyfuss' character, Carmen will only see a T-Bird in passing for the remainder of the video.
Album.
Album title: The Best of Eric Carmen 
Year: 1988
Track listing:

</doc>
<doc id="18479805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18479805" title="Frank Evans (disambiguation)">
Frank Evans (disambiguation)

Frank Evans (1876–1941) was a United States Marine Corps General.
Frank Evans may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18479824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18479824" title="Buffalo Head Hills kimberlite field">
Buffalo Head Hills kimberlite field

The Buffalo Head Hills kimberlite field is a kimberlite field in north-central Alberta, Canada. It is a product of kimberlite volcanism during the Cretaceous period which was the most prolific period for worldwide kimberlite volcanism. The field is part of the Northern Alberta kimberlite province and consists of 48 diatremes, 26 are diamondiferous.

</doc>
<doc id="18479825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18479825" title="Ernest Dawkins">
Ernest Dawkins

Ernest Dawkins is an American jazz saxophonist, principally active in free jazz and post-bop.
Ernest Khabeer Dawkins was a neighbor of Anthony Braxton as a child. He played bass and drums early in life before switching to saxophone in 1973. During that decade he began studying with members of the Association for the Advancement of Creative Musicians, such as Joseph Jarman and Chico Freeman, as well as at the Vandercook College of Music. He worked with Ed Wilkerson and the Ethnic Heritage Ensemble and Douglas Ewart before founding his own New Horizons Ensemble, which played regularly in Chicago into the 2000s, as well as at jazz festivals and on tour in Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="18479830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18479830" title="Pete Jacobsen">
Pete Jacobsen

Pete Jacobsen (16 May 1950 – 29 April 2002), sometimes credited at Peter Jacobsen, was a blind English jazz pianist.
Jacobsen made his name accompanying Scottish tenor saxophonist Bobby Wellins, appearing on recordings such as "Jubilation" (1978), "Dreams Are Free" (1979), and "Birds of Brazil" (1989). He variously worked with Tim Whitehead, Carmina, Barbara Thompson, Bobby Wellins, Don Weller, Dick Morrissey, Jim Mullen and Chris Biscoe.
Early life and education.
He was born Peter Paul George Jacobsen in Newcastle upon Tyne.
Having lost his sight as a baby, he studied at the Worcester School for the Blind before moving to London in 1969 to study at the Royal Academy of Music.
Career.
Jacobsens first professional gigs were with saxophonist Barbara Thompson and Isotope's Gary Boyle, before joining the jazz-fusion band Morrissey–Mullen and also playing in percussionist Chris Fletcher's band.
Other notable saxophonists he worked with include Don Weller, Chris Biscoe, Alan Skidmore, Peter King and Tim Whitehead, as well as accompanying visiting artists such as bassist Eberhard Weber and American trombonist Jimmy Knepper.
Jacobsen also gave memorable solo recitals at the Sherborne Jazz Festival and at the Brighton Jazz Club, where he was a regular performer.
He also toured and recorded with the Celtic-jazz band Carmina.
Death.
Jacobsen died, age 51, in London.

</doc>
<doc id="18479835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18479835" title="Masato Morishige">
Masato Morishige

Morishige competed for the Japan national football team at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Career statistics.
1Includes Pan-Pacific Championship, Suruga Bank Championship and Japanese Super Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="18479836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18479836" title="Allendale railway station">
Allendale railway station

Allendale Railway Station was the terminus of the single track branch of the Hexham and Allendale Railway, in north east England. The line connected villages in the area to the railway network via a junction at Hexham.
History.
Authorised in 1865 the Hexham to Allendale Railway was opened in stages, first to in 1867, then to (then known as "Catton Road") in 1868. Built to carry freight, primarily the product of local lead mines, the line eventually opened to passengers. The passenger service was run by the North Eastern Railway who took over the line in July 1876. Passenger services were withdrawn in 1930 but freight services continued until 20 November 1950 when the line was abandoned.
Former Services
Legacy.
Today, the station site and the first part of the track to Hexham were sold to the former station master who converted them into the Allendale Caravan Park.

</doc>
<doc id="18479882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18479882" title="1998–99 European Challenge Cup">
1998–99 European Challenge Cup

The 1998–99 European Challenge Cup was the third year of the European Challenge Cup, the second tier rugby union cup competition below the Heineken Cup. The tournament was held between September 1998 and February 1999

</doc>
<doc id="18479893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18479893" title="William Harbord, 2nd Baron Suffield">
William Harbord, 2nd Baron Suffield

Lieutenant-Colonel William Assheton Harbord, 2nd Baron Suffield (21 August 1766 – 1 August 1821) was a Member of Parliament for Ludgershall (UK Parliament constituency) (1790–1796) and Plympton Erle (7 February 1807 – 4 February 1810). He was Lieutenant-Colonel commandant of the Norfolk Fencibles (1794), the Blickling Rifle Volunteers (1803), and East Norfolk Regiment of Militi (1808). He was an English amateur cricketer.
Biography.
He was mainly associated with Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC). Harbord made three known appearances in first-class cricket matches during the 1791 season.
He succeeded his father, Harbord Harbord, 1st Baron Suffield, as Baron Suffield in February 1810. He married Lady Caroline Hobart, daughter of John Hobart, 2nd Earl of Buckinghamshire, but had no children. On his death his title passed to his brother Edward.
He played an intermittent role in politics, being regarded as a strong if not vocal supporter of William Pitt the Younger and later of Spencer Perceval. Although he had a strong family link with Castlereagh, who had married Caroline's sister Lady Amelia Hobart, the two men were not close politically. He opposed the abolition of the slave trade in 1807.

</doc>
<doc id="18479903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18479903" title="John Vallance">
John Vallance

"For the Canadian Member of Parliament see John Vallance (politician)"
John Vallance (dates unknown) was an English amateur/professional cricketer who made 5 known appearances in major cricket matches from 1791 to 1792.
Career.
He was mainly associated with Sussex.

</doc>
<doc id="18479919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18479919" title="John Stanhope">
John Stanhope

John Stanhope may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18479929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18479929" title="Shuyukh al-Arrub">
Shuyukh al-Arrub

Shuyukh al-Arrub () is a Palestinian village located fourteen kilometers north-east of Hebron. The village is in the Hebron Governorate Southern West Bank. According to the Palestinian Central Bureau of Statistics, the village had a population of 1,550 in 2007. The primary health care facilities for the village are designated by the Ministry of Health as level 2.

</doc>
<doc id="18479952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18479952" title="R. Stewart (MCC cricketer)">
R. Stewart (MCC cricketer)

R Stewart (dates unknown) was an English amateur cricketer who made 3 known appearances in major cricket matches from 1791 to 1799.
Career.
He was mainly associated with Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC).

</doc>
<doc id="18479956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18479956" title="Humphrey Hopkin">
Humphrey Hopkin

Humphrey Hopkin (1774 – 11 January 1840) was an English professional cricketer who made 2 known appearances in major cricket matches from 1791 to 1800.
Career.
Hopkin was born at Nottingham. He was mainly associated with Nottingham Cricket Club. He died in Radford, Nottinghamshire.

</doc>
<doc id="18479959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18479959" title="E. Streeter (Sussex cricketer)">
E. Streeter (Sussex cricketer)

E Streeter (dates unknown) was an English professional cricketer who made 2 known appearances in major cricket matches from 1791 to 1792.
Career.
He was mainly associated with Sussex.

</doc>
<doc id="18479975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18479975" title="VT10 (disambiguation)">
VT10 (disambiguation)

VT10 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18479978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18479978" title="Ashley House (disambiguation)">
Ashley House (disambiguation)

Ashley House may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18479984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18479984" title="William S. Tilton">
William S. Tilton

William Stowell Tilton (February 1, 1828 – March 23, 1889) was an American businessman and soldier who led a regiment, and occasionally a brigade, in the Army of the Potomac during the American Civil War. He and his men were heavily engaged in the Battle of Gettysburg, where Tilton's performance created controversy.
Early life.
William Tilton was born in Newburyport, Massachusetts. He was educated in the local schools. He was a manufacturer and merchant in the years before the war.
Civil War.
Tilton enlisted in the army and became a first lieutenant in the 22nd Regiment Massachusetts Volunteer Infantry on September 12, 1861. He was promoted to the rank of major on October 2 of that year. Tilton served in the Peninsula Campaign in the army of Maj. Gen. George B. McClellan, serving in the 1st Brigade, 1st Division, V Corps. He was wounded in the shoulder and captured on May 27, 1862, at the Battle of Gaines' Mill. Tilton was exchanged on August 15 of that year. In the meantime, he had become lieutenant colonel of the regiment on June 28. At that rank, he led the regiment in the 1st Brigade, which was led by Col. James Barnes at the Battle of Antietam.
Tilton was made colonel of the 22nd Massachusetts Infantry on October 17, leading the regiment at the Battle of Fredericksburg. In 1863, Tilton continued leading the regiment in the First Brigade, First Division, under Barnes, who had recently become a brigadier general, including at the Battle of Chancellorsville. When Brig. Gen. Charles Griffin went on leave following Chancellorsville, Barnes became acting division commander. Tilton, by seniority, took charge of the First Brigade. 
He led the brigade at the Battle of Gettysburg. His command was deployed on the right flank of Col. Jacob B. Sweitzer's 2nd Brigade in between the Peach Orchard and the Wheatfield on July 2, 1863. What followed has remained controversial. When Barnes's division was under attack, he told both brigade commanders they could retreat. Sweitzer saw this as a peremptory command, but Tilton described this in his report as discretionary. Whatever the truth of this, Tilton said he reconnoitered and discovered a large Confederate force coming up on his left flank. This led him to order a retreat. This left a gap in the Federal line, and other veterans later criticized the actions of Tilton and Barnes. 
On July 3, the 1st Brigade relieved Col. Strong Vincent's 3rd Brigade, which had passed to Col. James C. Rice after Vincent had been killed in the defense of Little Round Top. Tilton reported only 474 soldiers present for duty at Gettysburg and a loss of 109 from that number. Another estimate is that Tilton lost 125 of 655 men, a loss of 19.1%, a low percentage compared to Sweitzer's 30% reported by the same author. 
After Gettysburg, Tilton retained brigade command until August 18, 1863. He returned to regimental command until November 19, when he again resumed brigade command. When the Army of the Potomac was reorganized in 1864 for Lt. Gen. Ulysses S. Grant's Overland Campaign, Tilton was assigned to lead his regiment in Jacob Sweitzer's brigade of Griffin's division. He served in that role in the Battle of the Wilderness, the Battle of Spotsylvania Court House, and the Battle of Cold Harbor, as well as in the early stages of the Siege of Petersburg. Tilton remained in regimental command until June 18, 1864, when he again became acting brigade commander until August 22. During this time he was engaged in action at the battles of Jerusalem Plank Road and Globe Tavern.
Tilton was mustered out of volunteer service on October 17 of that year. On December 12, 1864, President Abraham Lincoln nominated Tilton for the award of the honorary grade of brevet brigadier general, United States Volunteers, to rank from September 9, 1864, for distinguished services during the war. The U.S. Senate confirmed the award on February 20, 1865.
Postbellum activities.
Tilton served as governor of the National Soldiers' Home in Togus, Maine, from 1869 to 1883. He retired to a home in Boston, Massachusetts.
He died in Newtonville, Massachusetts, and was buried at Mount Auburn Cemetery in Cambridge, Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="18479989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18479989" title="Septemberist">
Septemberist

Septemberist may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="18480010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480010" title="Josep Colomer">
Josep Colomer

Josep M. Colomer is a scholar, professor and author in political science and political economy. He has published theoretical and comparative studies of voting and elections, political institutions and institutional change, in which he has used game theory and social choice theory for applied analyses. He has been a Fulbright Scholar at the University of Chicago, a research professor at the Higher Council for Scientific Research (CSIC), and a visiting professor at numerous institutions, including the Pompeu Fabra University, the Institut d'Etudes Politiques SciencesPo in Paris, the University of Bristol, FLACSO and CIDE in Mexico city, and New York University. He is currently a Research Professor at Georgetown University, in Washington, DC. 
Background.
Josep Colomer's areas of expertise include democratization, forms of government, voting systems, international institutions. Colomer is author or editor of 33 books in six languages and about 200 academic articles and book chapters, including in "The American Political Science Review", "Electoral Studies", "European Journal of Political Science", "European Political Science", "Journal of Theoretical Politics", "Political Studies", "PS: Political Science & Politics", "Public Choice", "Rationality and Society", "Social Choice and Welfare", as well as in the "Oxford Handbook of Political Science" and all major encyclopedias in the field. He serves on the editorial boards of several journals, including "Journal of Elections, Public Opinion and Parties", "Journal of Theoretical Politics", "Political Studies", and "Research and Politics".
Colomer was a founding member of the Spanish Political Science Association (AECPA), is a life member of the American Political Science Association (APSA) and a member of the American Association for the Advancement of Science and of the Academia Europaea. He has obtained the APSA’s Leon Weaver Award for the best paper on representation and electoral systems; the Prat de la Riba Award of the Catalan Academy for the best book in philosophy and the social sciences in a period of five years for "Great Empires, Small Nations", which was also short-listed for the first Europe Book Prize given at the European Parliament; the biannual prize to the best book of the AECPA for "Political Institutions"; and the Anagrama Award for essays for "Game Theory and the Transition to Democracy".

</doc>
<doc id="18480021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480021" title="Joan Albert Amargós">
Joan Albert Amargós

Joan Albert Amargós is a Spanish composer and conductor born in Barcelona in 1950. Amargós is an instrumentalist on piano and clarinet, and has composed a number of chamber and symphonic works. He is also a great connoisseur of Flamenco, which has served as the basis for some of his compositions, that always breathe a brightness and colour distinctly Mediterranean.
He has earned a number of prizes, such as the prize for best arranger of Spain. The government of Catalonia awarded him the National Award for music for the opera Euridice in 2002. He also won the Ciudad de Barcelona Prize the same year, for his collaborations with Miguel Poveda. In 2008 his composition Northern Concerto was nominated for a Grammy in the category of Best Classical Contemporary Composition; Michala Petri was the soloist on recorder.

</doc>
<doc id="18480040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480040" title="USS Margaret (ID-2510)">
USS Margaret (ID-2510)

USS "Margaret" (ID-2510) – shortly thereafter known as USS "Chatham" (ID-2510) -- was a cargo ship acquired by the U.S. Navy during World War I. She was used to carry cargo to Allied troops in Europe until the war’s end when she was returned to the U.S. Shipping Board for disposition.
Leased in New York.
"Margaret", a 3,372 gross ton (7,523 tons displacement) freighter, was built at Sparrows Point, Maryland, in 1916. She was acquired on charter by the Navy from A. H. Bull Steamship Co., New York, New York, 13 March 1918. She was commissioned in the Navy at New York City, as USS "Margaret" (ID # 2510) on 25 March 1918 with Lieutenant Commander T. J. Sammons, USNRF, in command. 
"Margaret" was assigned to the 3d Naval District under Naval Overseas Transportation Service and was renamed USS "Chatham" on 18 April 1918, probably to avoid confusion with several other U.S. Navy vessels of the same name, most notably the converted yacht "Margaret" (SP-527).
World War I service.
On the same date the freighter arrived in the Gironde River in France at the end of her first transatlantic convoy voyage from New York carrying Army supplies for the American Expeditionary Force. "Chatham" made four more such trips, delivering French steel billets and supplies for the Motor Transportation Corps to Le Havre in June for the Army of Occupation, general cargo to Rochefort in August and October, and more general cargo to Brest in December. 
Post-service demobilization.
Upon returning to New York in late December 1918 she entered a shipyard for a complete overhaul and was soon designated for demobilization. USS "Chatham" was decommissioned on 10 February 1919 and transferred to the U.S. Shipping Board. 
Subsequent maritime career.
"Chatham" was returned to her owners, the A.H. Bull Steamship Company of New York City. Reverting to the name "Margaret", the ship appears to have continued to serve her original owners until she was sunk, without survivors, by the German submarine "U-571" on 14 April 1942 off Cape Hatteras.

</doc>
<doc id="18480042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480042" title="Aliağa Petkim">
Aliağa Petkim

Aliağa Gençlik ve Spor Kulübü, known as Aliağa Petkim for sponsorship reasons, is a professional basketball team from the district of Aliağa in İzmir, Turkey. The team sponsored by the Petkim Company. It is petrochemical company of Turkey. Their home arena is the Enka Sport Hall with a capacity of 2,500 seats. The team competes playing in the Turkish Basketball League.
History.
Aliağa Petkim was established in 1993, and continued playing in the ranks of TB2L until in 2008-09 season. The team was promoted to the Turkish Basketball League after finishing second position in the TB2L in 2008. 
Beginning of the 2012-13 season, the team played EuroChallenge Qualifying Round for participate to regular season. But did not participate to regular season cause in lost against the Joensuun Kataja from Finland.

</doc>
<doc id="18480053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480053" title="Victoria Film Festival">
Victoria Film Festival

The Victoria Film Festival is a publicly attended film festival in Victoria, British Columbia running for ten days in February. The festival shows both Canadian and international films and unreels 150 films with 55 Features on 6 screens around Victoria. It attracts a continually growing audience, reaching 24,000 in 2011. The festival began in 1995 and is a provincially registered non-profit and federally registered charitable organization.
Other Events Throughout The Year.
Art of the Cocktail.
A yearly fundraiser for the Victoria Film Festival. Art of the Cocktail features tastings, workshops, a competition for the best mixologist of the Pacific Northwest and more. 
Distillery ambassadors, representatives and lounges will be offering tastes of their products or creating sophisticated cocktails for sampling.  Wander around the Tasting Room sampling the cocktails that appeal to you while catching tips from mixologists, authors and reps. Take in ongoing demonstrations on their side stage that will run throughout the Tastings. Demonstrations include the competition for the Best Mixologist in the Pacific Northwest, a Flair demonstration and new trends worth trying.
Past guests have included Ron Cooper, Kevin Brauch, Philip Duff, Elayne Duke, Sabrina Greer, Ted Haigh, 
www.artofthecocktail.ca
Free-B Film Festival.
Since 2001, the Victoria Film Festival has hosted the yearly Free-B Film Festival in August. The screenings are free and open to the public, carry a G or PG rating, and take place outdoor in Beacon Hill Park at the Cameron Bandshell. Since 2010, some of the screenings have also taken place in Centennial Square at Victoria's City Hall. Audiences range from a couple hundred, to 1700 for Edward Scissorhands in 2010.
My Victoria.
A video competition to create a 1 minute film about what most affects and interests you about Victoria, BC, held from November to January from 2007-2009. The competition was open to Greater Victoria residents of all ages and skill levels and was designed to encourage the budding filmmaker in everyone. The My Victoria films were screened at the Bay Centre and the Community Arts Council in 2007, at the Empire Theatre in 2008, and during the ConVerge program in 2009.
FilmCAN.
"November - January." An opportunity for local high school students to create a short video from beginning to end and have it screened at the Victoria Film Festival. Guided by local professional filmmakers, students are mentored and receive advice and information to create new work.
Festival History.
In 1995, the CineVic Society of Independent Filmmakers, along with Origins Theatre, began the Victoria Independent Film & Video Festival. The Festival was a low-key affair for the first three years, and during that time Origins Theatre closed in Victoria and the Festival fell entirely to CineVic, who turned the focus to short films and videos. After the third event, the Board of CineVic felt that if the Festival were going to have an impact on the filmmaking community and develop audiences, then VIFVF would need to expand substantially.
The fourth Festival brought in filmmakers from Canada and around the globe and managed to capture the interest of the city for the weeklong event. The Festival had Canadian feature film premiere screenings of Stolen Heart, Cat Swallows Parakeet and Speaks, and the Canadian premiere of Smoke Signals, along with a multitude of short films including Rick Raxlen’s Geometry of Beware. 
Filmmakers were hosted by the Festival from farther a field than ever before, and included John Waters (Pink Flamingos, Serial Mom, Pecker); Scott Hylands (Heat), and Lynne Stopkewich (Kissed). The Festival managed to more than double the number of people viewing independent films. Many wonderful receptions provided opportunities for guests to meet and exchange ideas. A forum was added for discussion, learning and augmenting of skills. After the 1998 Festival, due to liability issues, CineVic and the Festival became separate societies.
Subsequent years saw the Festival dramatically increase in size to the 2008 high mark of 18,000 attendees. VFF has added film discussions, an event Let’s Make a Movie gave the public an opportunity to try hands on filmmaking, a three day new media program Interactive Futures brought together world class innovators, a family day, a four part series that examined the influences on a notable filmmaker and a country highlight have been developed over the last seven years. 
The Festival has hosted many guests including Kris Kristofferson, Atom Egoyan, David Foster, Barry Pepper, Arthur Hiller, Don McKellar, Jonathan Lipnicki, Dirk Benedict, Adam Carolla, Keith Carradine, Beverly D'Angelo, and David Keith
In 2007, the Film Festival shortened its name to simply the Victoria Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="18480056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480056" title="FC Illichivets-2 Mariupol">
FC Illichivets-2 Mariupol

Illichivets'-2 Mariupol is a Ukrainian football club. It is the third squad or Junior team of the Ukrainian Premier League club FC Illichivets Mariupol.
The club competes in the Druha Liha football competition of Ukraine.

</doc>
<doc id="18480069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480069" title="Bohon">
Bohon

Bohon may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18480072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480072" title="1997–98 European Challenge Cup">
1997–98 European Challenge Cup

The 1997–98 European Challenge Cup was the second year of the European Challenge Cup, the second tier rugby union cup competition below the Heineken Cup. The tournament was held between September 1997 and February 1998

</doc>
<doc id="18480113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480113" title="Ross Davies">
Ross Davies

Ross Davies is a Welsh rugby union player. Davies was born in the village of Trinant near Newbridge, Caerphilly.
A prop forward, he joined Sale Sharks from Neath RFC in 2008 having previously gained honours for the Wales u18, u19 and u21 sides.
During April 2009, Davies moved to Worcester Warriors for a fixed loan period and in May 2009 he signed for the Ospreys. He was released by the Ospreys at the end of the 2009–10 season.
In April 2011 he became only the 2nd player from Trinant to play for the Barbarians when he was invited to play for the Club in the annual Mobbs Memorial match against Bedford Blues. http://www.rfu.com/News/2011/March/News%20Articles/220311_mobbs_barbarians.aspx
Ross currently plays his rugby as of 2013 with Doncaster Knights after previously playing for local rivals Rotherham Titans

</doc>
<doc id="18480121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480121" title="10 Squadron">
10 Squadron

10 Squadron or 10th Squadron may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18480125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480125" title="Davol Square">
Davol Square

Davol Square is a historic public square in central Providence, Rhode Island. It is located at the intersection of Point Street and Eddy Street in the Upper South Providence neighborhood, in the middle of the Jewelry District.
Description.
The historic Davol Rubber Company building and the former South Street Station of Narragansett Electric are located on the northeast corner of the square along Eddy Street. In 2004, the historic J.G. Goff's pub building (ca. 1820), located at the foot of the Point Street Bridge was demolished after its foundation was severely damaged during the construction of the Narragansett Bay Commission's combined sewer overflow project. The Manchester Street Power Plant is located at the southeast corner of the intersection, with its triple-stacks visible from many parts of the city.
As a consequence of efforts by the Rhode Island Economic Policy Council some high-tech firms are beginning to establish themselves in the area. The power plant building, donated by Narragansett Electric Co., will be the site of the Heritage Harbor Museum.
Brown University announced intentions to purchase a number of buildings in the area as part of its expansion.

</doc>
<doc id="18480136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480136" title="Chengallur">
Chengallur

Chengallur is a place near Poojappura, Trivandrum, Kerala, India, where the famous Chengallur Shiva temple is located. The temple is dedicated to Lord Shiva. This temple is also famous for its subhramania deity and also the "theekavadi" (fire benefaction), an act of walking through fire as a proof of making reverent petition to God. 
Chengallur is the home of famous Malayalam personalities M Jayachandran, renowned music director, and Prithviraj, actor and producer.

</doc>
<doc id="18480161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480161" title="Adolf Werthner">
Adolf Werthner

Adolf Werthner (18 July 1828 – 26 January 1906) was the founder of the "Neue Freie Presse" newspaper and president of the Oesterreichischen Journal-Aktien-Gesellschaft. He was born in Breslau, Prussian Silesia, and died in Vienna, Austria-Hungary.
Werthner entered the administration of "Die Presse", which was founded by August Zang during the revolutionary year of 1848. After a dispute with Zang, Werthner left the newspaper's editorial board in 1864. Shortly afterward, Werthner, Max Friedländer, and Michael Etienne founded the "Neue Freie Presse" on 1 September 1864.

</doc>
<doc id="18480166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480166" title="Telalginite">
Telalginite

Telalginite is a structured organic matter (alginite) in sapropel, composed of large discretely occurring colonial or thick-walled unicellular algae such as "Botryococcus", "Tasmanites" and "Gloeocapsomorpha prisca". Telalginite is present in large algal bodies. It fluoresce brightly in shades of yellow under blue/ultraviolet light. The term of telalginite was introduced by Adrian C. Hutton of the University of Wollongong.

</doc>
<doc id="18480168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480168" title="The Story of Marie and Julien">
The Story of Marie and Julien

The Story of Marie and Julien () is a 2003 French drama film directed by Nouvelle Vague film maker Jacques Rivette. The film slowly develops from a drama about blackmail into a dark, yet tender, supernatural love story between Marie and Julien, played by Emmanuelle Béart and Jerzy Radziwiłowicz. Anne Brochet plays the blackmailed Madame X. Béart had previously worked with Rivette in "La Belle Noiseuse", as had Radziwiłowicz in "Secret défense". The cinematographer was William Lubtchansky.
The film was originally going to be made in 1975 as part of a series of four films, but shooting was abandoned after two days, only to be revisited by Rivette 27 years later. It premièred at the Toronto International Film Festival in September 2003 and had a cinema release in France, Belgium and the UK. It was shown in competition at the San Sebastian International Film Festival and was nominated for the Prix Louis-Delluc. Some critics found the film over long, slow, and pretentious, while others said it was moving, intelligent, and among Rivette's best work. The film's subject led to comparisons to "Vertigo", "The Sixth Sense", and "The Others".
Plot.
Julien (Radziwilowicz) is a middle-aged clockmaker who lives alone with his cat in a large house in the Paris suburbs. Julien is blackmailing 'Madame X' (Brochet) who is importing fake antique Chinese silks, and may have murdered her sister. By chance, he meets Marie (Béart), a beautiful young woman he last saw a year ago, and they begin a passionate relationship. Though elusive, Marie agrees to move in with him; she acts strangely at times and appears absent. A mystery connects Marie to Madame X's dead sister and in uncovering Marie's secret Julien risks losing her. The film is separated into four parts, named to reflect the narrative perspective.
"Julien": Julien dreams of Marie, whom he met just over a year before at a party, and with whom he would have begun a relationship but for them both having partners. He immediately runs into her on the street as she is running for her bus and he is off to meet Madame X. They agree to meet again, but Marie fails to appear and he returns home to find Madame X waiting for him against their agreement, so he raises his price tenfold. Madame X returns the next day to try to bargain, and asks for a letter back that he does not have. Marie invites him to her place for dinner, where Julien tells her his girlfriend ran away with another man and Marie says her boyfriend Simon died six months ago. They have sex, but in the morning Marie has checked out of her apartment. Julien returns home to find that his house has been ransacked. He tries to find her by ringing her old boss, then tracks her down when an unknown woman calls to tell him the hotel Marie is staying at. Julien visits her there, and Marie agrees to move in with him.
"Julien et Marie": Marie makes herself at home, trying on the clothes of Julien's old girlfriend, exploring the house, and watching him at work. Their lovemaking is passionate, but Marie's behaviour is unusual. She is sometimes cold or trance-like, at one point reciting words in an unidentified language, and she is physically detached and unaware of the time — Julien corrects her "bonjour" to "bonsoir". She is jealous of his ex, compulsively decorates and rearranges a room in his attic, feels compelled to act out her dreams, and does not bleed when scratched — something she keeps from Julien. She sees a girl in her dreams who shows her a "forbidden sign" with her hands. Marie helps Julien in his blackmailing, and after meeting Madame X, who only knows of Marie as "l'autre personne", Marie is handed a letter by someone who says she is Madame X's sister (Bettina Kee); she is the girl Marie dreamed of before.
"Marie et Julien": The letter is from Madame X's sister Adrienne to Madame X. Julien meets Madame X again, and she tells him her sister killed herself by drowning six months before. He cannot understand who gave Marie the letter, but she insists that her sister left the letter to frame her and although dead she is "reliving" (a revenant) — and Marie is also. Adrienne —who though dead still appears and speaks to her— has told Madame X that Marie is "like me". He thinks she is mad. Julien becomes frustrated at Marie spending so much time alone in the attic. When she finally shows him the room, she says she does not know what it is for. She leaves before Julien wakes and checks into another hotel. He rings Marie's old boss who suggests talking to Marie's friend Delphine; Delphine says that Marie's relationship with Simon drove Marie mad and ended their friendship.
"Marie": Julien visits Marie and Simon's old apartment, where the letting agent shows him a room that Julien chillingly recognises — it is identical to the room Marie has prepared. This is where Marie hanged herself, trying to frame Simon in revenge after a terrible row. Julien returns home and Marie silently leads him to the attic where she has prepared a noose, feeling she has to hang herself again. Julien carries her downstairs, and they make love again. She leaves to meet Adrienne, who says that she knows that Marie no longer wants to die. They agree they do not know the rules of their situation. Returning, Marie interrupts Julien about to hang himself in a desperate attempt to join her. He runs to the kitchen and tries to slit his wrist; Marie stops him and her wrist and his palm are cut. Marie warns him that he will lose all memory of her, but he says that all he wants is for her to be there. Marie slowly covers her face with her hands —"the forbidden sign"— and Julien becomes oblivious to her and unaware of why he is bleeding. Madame X arrives for her letter and he hands it over, confused by her enquiries about "l'autre personne". Madame X burns the letter, freeing Adrienne. Marie cries while watching Julien sleep, and as her tears land on her wrist her cut bleeds. Julien wakes and asks who she is; she replies that she is "the one he loved". He doubts it as she's "not his type", but she says with a smile to give her a little time.
Themes and analysis.
Like Rivette's earlier film "La Belle Noiseuse", the main themes are romantic longing, impermanence, and identity, but this film adds the themes of mortality, chance, and destiny, and motifs are repeated from Rivette's "Celine and Julie Go Boating". The name of Julien's cat, Nevermore, evokes Poe's "The Raven" and its similar themes of death and longing. Julien's work as a clockmaker, literally trying to repair time, is an obvious metaphor, and the film is also timeless, giving no indication of when it is set. The blackmail sub-plot is a device to help tell the central love story between Marie and Julien and to explain Marie's situation; Julien is an unlikely blackmailer and Madame X's benevolence towards him is surprising. The plot features dream logic impinging on reality: "Senses of Cinema" highlighted the role of "outlandish chance" and "Film Comment" noted the feeling that the characters are inventing or re-enacting the narrative. Marie may be aware that she is part of a narrative, but she still lacks control over her fate. Michael Atkinson believed that Rivette was working in the "border world between narrative meaning and cinematic artifice".
The emotional distance of the characters and the intellectual and artificial-seeming, quasi-theatrical dialogue is deliberate, depicting their simultaneous connection and isolation. The chasm between Marie and Julien, due to his corporeality and her ghostly nature, is emphasised in the contrast between his physical activity and her status as an onlooker. Rivette says he wanted the lovers to appear ill-suited and for the viewer to question the relationship; they love each other passionately yet they are essentially strangers. Béart believes that Marie was more alive than Julien, and that he literally wakes up to her existence only at the very end of the film.
Finally revealed to be a ghost story inspired by nineteenth-century French fantasy literature, the film uses the conventions of the genre —that people who die in emotional distress or with an unfinished task may become ghosts— and openly details these conventions. Marie and Adrienne's 'lives' as revenants are reduced to a single purpose, each with only the memory of her suicide and her last emotions remaining. Julien, like the audience, is eventually confronted with Marie's nightmare of repetition. Elements of the horror genre are used, not to scare but to explore memory and loss. To stay with Marie, Julien first has to forget about her, and at the end they have the promise of a new beginning. Marie becomes a living person again rather than an object of fantasy. Marie's tears and blood are a miracle overcoming her death, and may reflect a fantasy of turning back the menopause. The credits are accompanied by an upbeat jazz song performed by Blossom Dearie, "Our Day Will Come", that represents love as a pledge, the only music used in the film.
There is an aesthetic focus on Béart's body, Julien telling Marie that "I love your neck, your arms, your shoulders, your mouth, your stomach, your eyes -- I love everything." The focus is more than erotic as it symbolises Marie's fight for corporeality. The film includes Rivette's first ever sex scenes, one of them arranged by Béart. The five candid and emotionally-charged sex scenes focus on their upper bodies and faces, and on their erotic monologues that employ elements of fairy tale, horror, and sadomasochism.
Béart is given an ethereal quality by Lubtchansky's cinematography and lighting, and she subtly portrays Marie's detachment and vulnerability. In the latter part of the film Béart is dressed in grey and looks tired and wan, showing Marie's ageing and angst. Béart says she made deliberate use of silence in playing the part. Radziwiłowicz's performance allows the viewer to sympathise with Julien despite the character's initial dislikeable nature. Brochet as Madame X has a cool ease and grace.
Production.
Original shoot.
Rivette originally began to make "Marie et Julien", as it was then titled, in 1975 with producer Stéphane Tchalgadjieff as part of a series of four films called "Les filles du feu", and later "Scènes de la Vie Parallele". Rivette said in 2003 that the film was based on the true story of a woman who committed suicide. He first shot "Duelle" (:fr:Duelle) in March–April and "Noroît" (:fr:Noroît) in May, although the latter was not released, and the fourth film, a musical comedy meant to star Anna Karina and Jean Marais, was never shot. Filming began on "Marie et Julien" that August, with Albert Finney and Leslie Caron in the lead roles and Brigitte Rouan as Madame X, but after two days Rivette gave up filming due to nervous exhaustion. He later used the names of the lovers, Marie and Julien, in his 1981 film "Le Pont du Nord".
Revisiting the screenplay.
After Rivette had later success with "La Belle Noiseuse" and "Va Savoir" in the 1990s, he revisited his older unproduced screenplays. With Hélène Frappat, he published in book form three of his "phantom films" including "Marie et Julien" in 2002. He decided to film "Marie et Julien"; a script had never been written and the footage had been lost, but cryptic notes by his assistant Claire Denis that had been kept by Lubtchansky (who had also been cinematographer in 1975) were enough to work from. The original screenplay included a speaking "polyglot cat", characters whose names change, a "suicide room" similar to "The Seventh Victim", "Madame X", and an unknown "forbidden gesture" that the notes stated: "Do not forget".
Filming.
Rivette worked with scriptwriters Pascal Bonitzer and Christine Laurent using an automatic writing approach that involved writing the script day by day; the actors and filmmakers did not know the direction of the story in advance of each day's filming. Eurimages provided €420,000 of funding in July 2002, and the film was shot that autumn and winter. Rivette immediately thought of Béart, who starred in "La Belle Noiseuse", to play the carnal Marie. Béart has said that "Of all the films I've made, this was the one which most disturbed people very close to me. They said: 'It's almost as though the Emmanuelle we know was up there on the screen.'." Béart's image in the media at the time was characterised by the near hysteria seen when she appeared naked on the cover of "Elle" in May 2003 after filming ended.
Direction.
The film illustrates Rivette's view that films involve game-playing, day-dreaming and paranoid fantasy. He leaves aside the usual devices of the horror genre —no music, shock sound effects, special effects, or gore— evoking feelings and scenes verbally rather than showing them, but he does employ Hitchcockian "MacGuffins" such as chance encounters, "clues," and the blackmail plot-line. The use of dream-like sequences at the start and end of the film was influenced by Rivette's 1985 film "Hurlevent", an adaptation of "Wuthering Heights". Some of the dialogue that was in the original notes was read as though quoting.
Glenn Kenny notes that the "calm precision" of the mise en scène in the opening dream sequence "put under such a powerful spell" that it lasted the whole film. Throughout the film, everyday sounds are amplified by a lack of music, and the film uses sweeping long shots, and several incidental scenes of Julien working, talking with his cat, and of the characters sleeping. "Slant Magazine" commented that the cat is the film's most interesting character, and Philippa Hawker of "The Age" notes that "this has one of the best sequences involving a cat on film." The camera follows the cat and films it looking directly at the camera, giving a sense of artistic freedom and spontaneity.
The cinematography shows Rivette's interest in visual texture. The colours are natural, except in certain scenes like the initial dream sequence that are filmed in vivid colours. The lighting when Marie is arranging the attic room changes from shadow to warm light when she places an oil lamp on a stool to indicate that she has placed it correctly, introducing a supernatural element that contrasts with the realism of the rest of the film.
Reception.
Critics' responses were mixed: some found the film evocative and powerful, whereas others saw it as slow and frustrating. Guy Austin writing in "Scope" noted that "bodily reactions are not part of critical reactions to film. In both press and online, the head governs the body in reactions to Rivette." Rivette had said before the release that "This I know in advance – whether it is good or not, some people will love it and others will hate it."
It was nominated for the 2003 Prix Louis-Delluc. "Senses of Cinema" suggested that it is Rivette's most important work since his 1974 film "Celine and Julie Go Boating" and saw it as "a film about filmmaking", including it in their favourite films of 2004. "DVD Verdict" concluded that "it is not only intelligent, but willing to assume the same of its audience". Glenn Kenny rated it as his favourite film of the decade, and film curator Miriam Bale writing in "Slant Magazine" included it in her ten most enduring films of the decade. "Film Comment" was equally taken with the film, stating that "what's most remarkable about the film is how moving it is finally, how much is at stake after all--nothing Rivette has done before prepares you for the emotional undertow that exerts itself in "The Story of Marie and Julien"'s final scenes." "LA Weekly" described the film as "elegant and unsettling"; "The Age" called it "quietly mysterious and haunting" and "heartrending".
Peter Bradshaw was disappointed, arguing that "All the story's power is allowed to leak away by the deliberative heaviness with which Rivette pads through his 150-minute narrative, with its exasperating lack of dramatic emphasis." Philip French noted similarities to Hitchcock's "Vertigo" and Jean Cocteau's "Orphée", but called it "surprisingly flat and unmagical". The "New York Times" also found it "dry and overdetermined," and "Time Out" complained that it "never supplies the frissons expected of a ghost story or the emotional draw of a good love story." "Film 4" compared it to "The Sixth Sense" and "The Others", but said that "its glacially slow pace will frustrate all but the most patient". (Rivette said when promoting the film that "I like "The Sixth Sense" because the final twist doesn't challenge everything that went before it. You can see it again, which I did, and it's a second film that's just as logical as the first one. But the end of "The Others" made the rest of it meaningless.") "An intellectual exercise in metaphysical romance - "Ghost" for art-house audiences" was "Empire"'s wry take. "The Digital Fix" argued that Rivette's direction resulted in a product that "if never exactly dull and certainly the work of a master, is ultimately an empty film that has nothing to offer but its own cleverness". Keith Uhlich of "Slant Magazine" found it was "a lesser Rivette offering — a watchable, ultimately unfulfilling ghost story".
Distribution.
The film was ignored by both Cannes and Venice, then premièred at the Toronto International Film Festival on 10 September 2003. It was shown in competition at the San Sebastian International Film Festival later that month, as well as at the 2004 Melbourne International Film Festival and the 2004 International Film Festival Rotterdam, among others. The film opened in France and Belgium on 12 November 2003; that night 239 people watched the film in Paris. The cinema release was on 26 August 2004 in Germany, and on 8 October 2004 in the UK, but there was no US cinema release.
The DVD was released on a two-disc set by Arte Video in France on 18 May 2004, and features the theatrical trailer, actor filmographies, a 40-minute interview with Rivette, covering the film's origin, mythology, narrative viewpoints and relations to his other films, and a 15-minute interview with Béart, covering working under Rivette's direction and how the experience of acting in the film compared to her earlier role in "La Belle Noiseuse". The US and UK distributions, respectively released on 12 July 2005 by Koch Lorber Films and 28 February 2005 by Artificial Eye, come with optional English subtitles and the special features on a single disc. The Arte Video release additionally features commentary by Lubtchansky over a cut-down (41:45 minute) version of the film, and an analysis of the film by Hélène Frappat (21:28 minutes). The film was also released with "Un Coeur en Hiver" and "Nathalie..." in "The Emmanuel Beart Collection" by Koch Lorber in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18480176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480176" title="Paps 'n' Skar">
Paps 'n' Skar

Paps'n'Skar is an Italian dance music group.
The group was formed in 1994 by former schoolmates Emanuele Cozzi ("Paps") and Davide Scarpulla ("Skar"). Their first single, "Because I'm Free", was released in 1998. Following this they released several further singles; the 2005 single "Vieni con me" hit #2 in Italy. A lone full-length, "UNO", was issued in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="18480198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480198" title="Ad-Duwwara">
Ad-Duwwara

ad-Duwwara () is a Palestinian village located four kilometers east of Hebron.The village is in the Hebron Governorate Southern West Bank. According to the Palestinian Central Bureau of Statistics, the village had a population of 1,685 in mid-year 2006. The primary health care facilities for the village are located at Beit Einun,which are designated by the Ministry of Health as level 2.

</doc>
<doc id="18480215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480215" title="Salahuddin Toofani">
Salahuddin Toofani

Salahuddin Toofani (1948 – 8 March 2008) was a Pakistani actor, primarily seen in comedy roles, who rose to prominence on stage and television during the 1970s and achieved fame in the early 1980s as a member of the "Saturday Night Live"-styled sketch comedy TV series "Fifty Fifty".
A native of the northwestern Sindh province, Salahuddin was born in its fourth-largest city, Larkana, and began his acting career upon moving to the provincial capital and nation's largest city, Karachi. Starting as a performer on Radio Pakistan, he was seen in several stage and television productions as well as in films, including "Dhamka", "Ladla" and "Aik Aur Aik Giyara".
Salahuddin Toofani died in Karachi at the age of 59.

</doc>
<doc id="18480217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480217" title="Akhula">
Akhula

Akhula may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18480225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480225" title="Mechanics Mill">
Mechanics Mill

Mechanics Mill is an historic cotton textile mill located at 1082 Davol Street in Fall River, Massachusetts.
The mill was constructed in 1868 from red brick, in the Italianate style. The mill's octagonal tower originally had a highly decorative top, that has been removed. The mill office was once located in front of the mill along Davol Street, but has also been removed.
The Mechanics Mill company was incorporated on May 25, 1868 by a special charter granted by the Massachusetts Legislature. Thomas J. Borden served as the first president and D.H. Dyer was treasurer. Along with the Merchants Mill established in 1867, the Mechanics Mill was formed by a large number of stock holders with small means, beginning a new trend in the development of new corporations in the city. There were initially 328 stockholders, compared to a dozen or so with other mills at the time.
The mill was constructed north of the city center, along the waterfront with a tidewater dock to receive coal shipments to feed its boilers. Water for the steam engines was obtained from a well shaft dug nearby. The Mechanics Mill was also one of the first in the city to have a fire sprinkler protection system.
In 1929 the Mechanics Mill merged with the nearby Weetamoe Mill, but was soon closed. It was later part of Quaker Fabrics Corporation, which closed in 2007. 
The mill experienced a rebirth in 2012 as Commonwealth Landing, including office space, several small stores and two restaurants, including Jerry Remy's Sports Bar & Grill, owned by Fall River native, former Boston Red Sox second baseman and current NESN sportscaster Jerry Remy.
The mill was added to the National Historic Register in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="18480234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480234" title="Svein Sturla Hungnes">
Svein Sturla Hungnes

Svein Sturla Hungnes (born 21 March 1946) is a Norwegian actor, theatre director, and instructor.
Hungnes studied at the Norwegian National Academy of Theatre from 1965 to 1970, and had several small roles at Nationaltheatret during his study time. After he had finished with his exams in winter 1970, he made his real debut, when he played tough young boy Joey in "Hjemkomsten" by Harold Pinter. He was noticed, and had larger roles by 1972, when he played Osvald in Ibsen's "Gjengangere" and Puck in Shakespeare's "En midtsommernattsdrøm".
Hungnes was one of the leading actors at Nationalteatret in the 1970s and 80s, when he also led many instructional exercises. He was acting coach for, among others, "Fedra", "Romeo og Julie", "Et dukkehjem" and "Tolvskillingsoperaen" (which he directed himself). He set up "Hamlet" at Trøndelag Teater, "Hedda Gabler" at Riksteatret and the Nordahl Grieg-biography "Nordahl i våre hjerter" at Den Nationale Scene. At Oslo Nye Teater he produced many musical successes, including "Cabaret", "Chicago" and "My Fair Lady", as well as the Hedda Award winner, "Hvem er redd for Virginia Woolf?".
Svein Sturla Hungnes has acted in many Norwegian films since the 1960s, of which "Kimen", "Mors hus", "Telegrafisten" and "Detektor" are among the best known.
From 1995 to 2007 Hungnes had the main role as Peer Gynt in "Peer Gynt ved Gålåvatnet" in Gudbrandsdalen. In autumn 2007 he was part of the jury of the Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation television program "Drømmerollen".
In 2002 Hungnes was head of Oslo Nye Teater. For his contribution for Norwegian theater, in 2004 he was named as Knight of 1st Class of the Royal Norwegian Order of St. Olav.
In 2009 Hungnes has received Oslo City Culture Award

</doc>
<doc id="18480236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480236" title="51st parallel north">
51st parallel north

The 51st parallel north is a circle of latitude that is 51 degrees north of the Earth's equatorial plane. It crosses Europe, Asia, the Pacific Ocean, North America, and the Atlantic Ocean.
At this latitude the sun is visible for 16 hours, 33 minutes during the summer solstice and 7 hours, 55 minutes during the winter solstice.
The catchment area of London, the capital city of England and the United Kingdom, can be broadly defined by the 51st and 52nd parallels.
Around the world.
Starting at the Prime Meridian (just north of the Sheffield Park Garden in East Sussex, England) and heading eastwards, the parallel 51° north passes through:
Russian America 1799–1824/25.
In 1799 Paul I, Tsar of the Russian Empire, issued a "ukase" creating the Russian-American Company (RAC). It was granted monopolistic control north of the 55th parallel north, which had been the Russian claim since 1790, as well as the right to operate and occupy territory to the south as long as the lands had not been previously occupied, or dependent on any other nation. In 1821 the RAC's charter was renewed and at the same time an "ukase" proclaimed that Russian sovereignty extended south to the 51st parallel, and that waters north of that line were closed to foreign shipping. The "ukase" was met with strong objections by the United States and Great Britain. Subsequent negotiations resulted in a clear and permanent boundary for Russian America, the southward terminus of which was established at 54°40′ north.

</doc>
<doc id="18480237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480237" title="Tony Gallimore">
Tony Gallimore

Anthony Mark "Tony" Gallimore (born 21 February 1972 in Nantwich) is an English former professional footballer who played as a left back from 1990 to 2007.
He began his career with Stoke City in 1990 and subsequently spent two separate loan spells with Carlisle United in 1991 and 1992. He joined United on a permanent deal a year later and went on to spend three years at Brunton Park before joining Grimsby Town in 1996. It was at Grimsby where he arguably played some of his best football, during the 1997–98 season the club earned promotion via the play-offs as well as a few weeks earlier being victorious in the Football League Trophy. He departed Grimsby in 2003 after spending seven seasons at Blundell Park, his next port of call was league rivals Barnsley where he remained for a year before joining Rochdale. Having spent two seasons with Dale, Gallimore dropped out of professional football and signed with non-league Northwich Victoria in 2006. He finished his seventeen-year career whilst on loan with Hucknall Town in 2007. During his career he made more than 500 appearances in the Football League.
After retiring Gallimore returned to live in Grimsby where he works as a scaffolder.
Career.
Stoke City.
Gallimore joined Stoke City as a youngster and progressed into the clubs first team setup in 1990 after several seasons in the youth system. He made his debut as a substitute against Blackburn Rovers towards the end of the 1989–90 season. He made seven appearances in 1990–91 and struggled to establish himself under Lou Macari in 1991–92 making just three appearances and was twice loaned out to Carlisle United in 1991 and again in 1992, making 8 appearances for Carlisle each time round.
Carlisle United.
In March 1993, Carlisle paid £15,000 for Gallimore to register the left back as a permanent player at Brunton Park. He went on to make over 150 appearances in all competitions for United and was an integral part of the first team. This in turn would sound the alerts of bigger teams, and in March 1996, he made a £125,000 move to Grimsby Town who at the time were playing their football in the First Division.
Grimsby Town.
At Blundell Park he would turn out to be the clubs long term replacement for departing left back Gary Croft who had left Grimsby in a multi million pound deal to join Blackburn Rovers. After playing out the last few games of the 1995–96 campaign, Gallimore would prepare himself for a tough first full season, with The Mariners losing their first division status, and suffering a relegation, this spelled the end of an era at the club and important key players such as John Oster and Clive Mendonca moved on to new clubs. In the 1997–98 season, Gallimore would play an important role in the clubs sudden return to the first division, whilst beating Northampton Town at Wembley Stadium in the play-offs, the club also defeated Bournemouth in the Football League Trophy at the same venue. Gallimore along with fellow defenders John McDermott, Peter Handyside and Mark Lever as well as goalkeeper Aidan Davison were noted as the strongest defensive line up in the Second Division that year, and one of the strongest in the whole country. Gallimore went on to play the next five seasons at Grimsby and featured as the clubs main choice left back until his departure at the end of the 2002–03 season, when Grimsby were to lose their first division status once more. Injury had troubled Gallimore in parts of his last couple of seasons with Grimsby, and his place had been contested by youngster Ben Chapman and also with the arrival of Darren Barnard in 2002, Gallimore had struggled to hold his place down in the team. With the club relegated, Grimsby opted not to renew his contract and he left the club after featuring in seven different seasons for The Mariners.
Barnsley.
In August 2003 he signed a one-year deal with Grimsby's rivals Barnsley along with former team mate Peter Handyside. He went on to feature in just over 20 games for the club as yet again, injury blighted his season. At the end of the season, Gallimore was released again and dropped down another league to join Rochdale in August 2004.
Rochdale.
Dale at that time were managed by Steve Parkin, who previously managed Gallimore at Barnsley. He featured regularly for the club before being released at the end of the 2005–06 season.
Northwich Victoria.
Gallimore joined Conference side Northwich Victoria in June 2006, but found it hard to break into the side and was transfer listed a few months later. He then made a loan move to Conference North side Hucknall Town in January 2007, where he spent two months before being recalled by Northwich in March 2007. Gallimore retired from professional football in May 2007 following the close of the 2006–07 campaign.
Personal life.
After retiring from Football in 2007, Gallimore went on to work for a scaffolding firm based in Grimsby. In December 2009, Gallimore signed for Grimsby and Cleethorpes Sunday League side Aston Estates.

</doc>
<doc id="18480246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480246" title="John Stubbe">
John Stubbe

John Stubbe may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18480263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480263" title="Mount Pleasant Cemetery (Taunton, Massachusetts)">
Mount Pleasant Cemetery (Taunton, Massachusetts)

Mount Pleasant Cemetery is an historic cemetery at Crocker, Cohannet, and Barnum Streets in Taunton, Massachusetts.
History.
The earliest part of the cemetery was founded in 1710. The cemetery was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
The Mount Pleasant Cemetery in Taunton opened officially on July 4, 1836 as the third "garden style" cemetery in the country. The Mount Auburn Cemetery in Cambridge, Massachusetts was the first. The Mount Pleasant Cemetery was designed by Joseph Wilbar of Taunton. There was a small family cemetery belonging to the King Family on the property prior to the establishment of the Mount Pleasant Cemetery. There are soldiers buried in this cemetery from the King William's War, Queen Anne's War, American Revolution, War of 1812, Mexican War, U.S. Civil War, Spanish-American War, World War I, World War II and the Korean War. The highest ranking army officer in this cemetery is Civil War General Darius Nash Couch and the highest ranking Naval officer is Rear Admiral Albert Loring Swasey. There are Congressmen, a Governor, state legislators, mayors as well as national pioneers in the fields of industry, business, the arts and transportation.

</doc>
