<doc id="18389281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18389281" title="Mixed-orientation marriage">
Mixed-orientation marriage

A mixed-orientation marriage is a marriage between partners of differing sexual orientations: one person is heterosexual, homosexual, bisexual, or asexual while the other is of a different orientation. The broader term is mixed-orientation relationship and both terms are often shortened to MOM and MOR respectively.
The people involved in such a marriage may or may not be romantically or sexually compatible, for example if the marriage is between a heterosexual person and a homosexual person. If one of the partners is asexual, the marriage may involve romantic love but not sexual activity.
Lavender marriage.
A mixed-orientation marriage in which the sexual orientation of the partners is not compatible can serve to cover up one's sexual orientation, sometimes for purposes of career advancement. In this case, it is called a lavender marriage. The heterosexual companion is in this case sometimes called a beard in slang.
Some persons cite spiritual reasons for getting married. One married homosexual man said his "spiritual identity" had always been "marriage and family."
Marriage between homosexual and heterosexual partners.
A study on 26 gay men (which also included research on bisexual men) found that internalized homophobia is a factor that leads such men into mixed-orientation marriages. Marriages between a homosexual man and a heterosexual woman have a high probability of failure.
Joe Kort, a counselor specializing in mixed-orientation marriages, said "These men genuinely love their wives. They fall in love with their wives, they have children, they're on a chemical, romantic high, and then after about seven years, the high falls away and their gay identity starts emerging. They don't mean any harm." While many hide their orientation from their spouse, others tell their spouse before marriage. Research indicates that some people identify as exclusively heterosexual in behavior and fantasies before marriage, but grow toward a more homosexual orientation during marriage.
One study states that heterosexual women in mixed-orientation marriages may be attracted to homosexual men and proceed to marry them. Kort said that "straight individuals rarely marry gay people accidentally." He theorized that some heterosexual women find homosexual men less judgmental and more flexible, while others unconsciously seek partnerships that are not sexually passionate.
Communication.
Heterosexual wives of homosexual men who did not know of their husband's sexual orientation may feel deceived or blame themselves for not having known. Fear of encountering social disapproval or ostracism often makes it difficult for them to seek support from family and friends. Findings suggest that heterosexual wives struggled less with the homosexuality itself than with problems of isolation, stigma, loss, cognitive confusion and dissonance, and lack of knowledgeable, empathic support or help in problem solving.
Sexual relationship disorder.
If a change in sexual orientation after a period of relative stability in sexual orientation causes anxiety or depression, especially if the person is involved in a relationship, the person may have a sexual maturation disorder.
A person who is either in a mixed-orientation marriage or wishes to enter into one may go to therapy or support groups to deal with issues involved in that type of marriage. A significant number of men and women experience conflict surrounding homosexual expression within marriage. Although a strong homosexual identity was associated with difficulties in marital satisfaction, viewing the same-sex activities as compulsive facilitated commitment to the marriage and to monogamy. Research by Coleman suggest that some develop a positive homosexual identity while maintaining a successful marriage. Therapy may include helping the client feel more comfortable and accepting of same-sex feelings and to explore ways of incorporating same-sex and opposite-sex feelings into life patterns. Peers provide the most support, while therapists are often unfamiliar with sexual orientation, mixed orientation couples, or societal attitudes that impact mixed orientation families.
Approximately one third of marriages end immediately when the bisexual or homosexual spouse reveals his or her sexual orientation, whereas another third end after a short period of time. The remaining third attempt to continue the marriage successfully. In this case, the most successful marriages reassess their relationship in light of the sexual orientation.
Some bisexual men express with minimal conflict their homosexual and heterosexual impulses within the framework of a mixed-orientation marriage. with openness and communication being a key factor.
Support groups are available for those involved in a mixed-orientation marriage. The "New York Times" states "Although precise numbers are impossible to come by, 10,000 to 20,000 wives of gay husbands have contacted online support groups, and increasing numbers of them are women in their 20s or 30s."
Divorce.
Divorce is one possible resolution for the homosexual partner, potentially with re-marriage to person of the same sex. Gay and lesbian people who come out late in life may have children from a previous heterosexual marriage.
In media.
The theme of mixed-orientation marriages in literature dates back at least to 1889 with the publication of "A Marriage Below Zero" by Alfred J. Cohen (writing under the pseudonym Chester Allan Dale). Cohen's heterosexual female narrator was married to a homosexual man. Cohen believed that women should be aware of the sexual orientation of a potential husband so they would avoid marrying a homosexual man. Lesbian pulp fiction sometimes included married women exploring their attraction to other women. Other examples of the theme include "Brokeback Mountain" by Annie Proulx, which features two married cowboys in love with each other.
The filmed version of "Brokeback Mountain" helped bring the issue of mixed-orientation marriages to public attention, but several other movies had already dealt with the issue. Talk shows, such as Oprah, have also addressed this situation. Some of the movies that deal with mixed-orientation marriages include:
Famous mixed-orientation couples.
There have been several famous celebrities who are in a mixed-orientation marriage, including:

</doc>
<doc id="18389282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18389282" title="Meherji Rana">
Meherji Rana

The first Dastur Meherji Rana was the undisputed spiritual leader of the Parsi community in India during the sixteenth century. He was renowned not just among the Parsis but also other communities on account of his piety, vast knowledge and spiritual powers.
Dastur Meherji was born in a priestly family at Navsari, in 1514. His father's name was Rana Jesung (thus the name Meherji Rana). India at that time was under the rule of the Mughals.
According to one school of thought Dastur Meherji was a disciple of the mystic saint Dastur Azar Kayvan whose seat was in Patna. Dastur Azar Kaiwan's disciples were called 'yaar' (i.e. spiritual friend / spiritual helper). Thus Dastur Meherji is sometimes referred as Dastur Mahiyaar ('Mahi' being the fish that can see the smallest piece of object even when it Is dark).
Dastur Meherji was adopted by his paternal Uncle Vaccha Jesung . It is for this reason that in our ceremonies his name is invoked as "Dastur Meherji, Ervad Vaccha",'
It appears the behdins of Navsari presented a piece of land near 'Piplla Wadi' in 1573 to Dastur Meherji in recognition of his service to the religion and community. Dastur Meherji Rana is a renowned name in Parsi history and religious tradition mainly because of his very positive influence on the Mughal Emperor, Akbar the Great. Akbar was born in 1542 and ascended the throne in 1556 at the age of fourteen. Akbar had great love for matters spiritual and philosophical. Although a Muslim by birth, he was very secular in his outlook and loved to discuss and understand other religious traditions. Hindu Brahmins and Christian priests would often be invited to his court for religious discussion.
It appears, however, that Dastur Meherji had a deep and lasting influence on Akbar. It is believed Akbar first met Dastur Meherji in 1573 when the former laid siege on Surat. They appear to have met at a place near Kankrakhadi (present day Rustompura in Surat). Impressed with Dastur Meherji's knowledge and personality the Emperor invited Dasturji to his court in Delhi. Accordingly Dastur Meherji appears to have visited the Royal Court of Akbar in Delhi off Roj Hormazd, Mah Khordod 947 Y.Z. (1578 AD). Akbar's Prime Minister Abu Fazal and historian Badaoqi also have written about Parsi Priests from Navsari visiting the Royal Court around 1577-1578.
Pleased as the Emperor was with Dastur Meherji's erudition and piety he gave 200 vighas of land near 'Gelkhari' in Gujarat, (free of all taxes) for Meherji Rana and his family's sustenance. It was called "Madad-e-Maash".
Akbar was a Sufi at heart and liked to absorb the good traditions and beliefs of all religions. He also attempted to popularize a new faith called 'Din-e-Illahi', drawing from the beliefs and traditions of various faiths including Zoroastrianism.
It is said Akbar had a fire burning 24 hours at his court and his Prime Minister Abu Fazal was put in charge of maintaining the fire.
Dastur Meherji Rana's prominence and close affinity to the Emperor gave the Parsis as a community national visibility and lame.
In 1579, the priests of Navsari signed a document acknowledging Meherji Rana as their leader and declaring that all religious ceremonies would hence forth be performed only after obtaining his permission. This was the origin of the 'gaadi' (seat) of the High Priest of Navsari. The present High Priest KaiKhooshroo Navroze MeherjiRana is the seventeenth heir to this famous 'gaadi'.
Legend has it that during Dastur Meherji's stay in Delhi a Hindu Tantrik (magician) claimed that with his occult powers he would make two suns shine in the sky. He challenged all holy men in Akbar's kingdom to respond to this 'miracle'. It appears that the magician with the aid of certain spells had launched a metal plate in the sky and the sun's reflection made it appear as If there were two suns in the sky.
Nobody was aware of this trick and attempts by many holy men to thwart the magician failed. However, Dasturjee Meherji Rana arrived, prayed the sacred Kusti prayers and took the name of God. The plate came crashing down, confounding the magician and amazing the whole court.
Inspired by the drama that unfolded the famous musician Tansen composed a song in 'Raag Sarang' which had the lines "Elahi Parsee Padhe Sho Kabool" (i.e. By God the prayers of Parsees are accepted). Tansen refers to Dasturjee Meherji with the words "Lambi lambi dahadee Shah Mehreyari (Mahiyaar ( Meherji)) tere mukh pi barshat noor" (i.e. Shah Mehriyar, your beard is long, your face is radiant with fame). Tansen in his time was the "Sangeet Samrat" (King of Classical Music) and one of the jewels (ratna) at the Royal Court.
There is no dire historical reference to the encounter Dastur Meherji had with the magician. However, this has been part of the oral tradition for more than four centuries.
Dastur Meherji died at a ripe old age on Roj Daepadar Mah Asfandarmad 960 Y.Z. (1591 AD). Today even after four centuries since his death the priests in Navsari perform his "baj" ceremony every year on Roj Daepadar, Mah Asfandarmad.
At the Atashbehram in Navsari there is a natural formation in the marble slab on the wall facing the Holy Fire, bearing an amazing resemblance to Dastur Meherji. The turban, long beard and uplifted hands are quite clear. Sceptics may dismiss this nature formation as a flight of imagination. For the mystic however, this is Nature's imprint of a Zarathushtrian saint who influenced many lives.
It appears four years after Dastur Meherji's passing away, Akbar granted an additional 300 vighas of land to Dastur Meherji's son who was named Kakiobad. This was in addition to the 200 vighas of land given earlier "Madad-e-Maash".

</doc>
<doc id="18389299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18389299" title="The Urban Sophisticates">
The Urban Sophisticates

The Urban Sophisticates are a live hip-hop group from Greensboro, North Carolina formed in 2002. The group consists of 7 members: Benton James - MC, Aaron James - Vocals, Jeremy Denman - Trumpet, Sal Mascali - Trombone, Ryan Kee - Bass, Romondo Jessup - Drums, Darion Alexander - Bass. One of their biggest claims to fame within the hip hop world is their horns section; according to blogger Judge Mental, "The horns are their signature, and give them a really funky sound."VMP They have described their sound as "post bling neo funk hip hop for ya soul."carolinian online Their energy fueled and original sound are a good sign for the hip hop world, and even better sign for the vitality that particular genre embodies.
History.
The group formed in 2002 in Greensboro, North Carolina. Upon their inception as a group, they began playing at local venues around Greensboro and Chapel Hill.
In 2003, they released their debut, self-titled album independently.
In 2005, the released their sophomore effort, entitled "The Coward's Anthem".
Independent Music World Series.
In 2006, they won the Southeast Disc Makers Independent Music World Series. As a result of which, they "took home their share of $250,000 in prizes, including recording gear, instruments, CD manufacturing services, and more." About the contest, Benton James, MC and frontman stated, "
"I couldn't be more thankful and excited that we won the Southeast showcase. It was a great honor to even participate in this event and the industry contacts we made will definitely take us to a higher level. The prizes are such a blessing that we would like to thank Disc Makers, Billboard and Taxi."MTVu
Upcoming album.
Their upcoming album, which is currently being recorded as of May 12, 2008, features some notable collaborations, including Justice League affiliate Nicolay. The album is highly anticipated by Urban fans, and due to the notability of the collaborators, it could place the band in more of a spotlight than they have previously enjoyed.
Discography.
Urban Sophisticates (2002)<br>
The Coward's Anthem (2005)<br>
Live from the Pour House (2007)<br>
Classic Material (2009) <br>

</doc>
<doc id="18389300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18389300" title="Al-Najjada">
Al-Najjada

al-Najjada ("Munazzamat al-Najjada al-Falastiniyya") was a Palestinian Arab paramilitary scout movement formed in Jaffa, British Mandate of Palestine on 8 December 1945. The organisation was headed by Muhammad Nimr al-Hawari as General Commander (al-Harawi had served in the British Mandate administration) and Rashad al-Dabbagh as Secretary General. The al-Najjada HQ was on Railway Station Street Jaffa. Its officers were mainly Arabs who had served in the British Army. During the lead into the 1948 war its membership numbered 2,000 to 3,000 but the organisation lacked arms. The Great revolt 1936-1939 led to an imbalance of power between the Jewish community and the Arab community, as the latter had been substantially disarmed. The British had estimated al-Najjada strength as 8,000 prior to 1947.
The inaugural proclamation of 8 December published in al-Difa’a read:-
al-Najjada had 11 branches: Jaffa as HQ, Haifa, Acre, Nablus, Beersheba, Tiberias, Jerusalem Tulkarem, Gaza, Majdal and Nazareth. Each branch was subdivided into companies troops and patrols. Al-Najjada was particularly active in Southern Palestine. It was pledged to assist Palestinian society through the improvement of the “educational and moral standards” of Arab youth." Training in al-Najjada consisted of; drilling, physical training, elementary military training (particularly rifle shooting) and indoctrination lectures on Arab nationalist ideology and Arab nationalism. Al-Hawari attempted to model the Najjada on the Haganah, but in practice its primary activity consisted of noisy parades in town squares; there was little if any military activity at all. al-Najjada along with al-Futawa was seen as a potential nucleus of a disciplined Palestinian Arab national para-military organisation.
A three-person investigative committee was formed in October 1946 with Rafiq al-Tamimi (chairperson), Emile al-Ghury and al-Hawari, when after the 1946 Jaffa parade, Jamal al-Husseini insisted that the Palestinian Arab Youth organisations were to come under the direct control of the Palestine Arab Party (PAP). When the fusion of Husseini's al-Futuwa and al-Najjada was proposed arbitration was sought through Amin al-Husseini. The amalgamation was stalled when the al-Najjada membership raised a series of legal, financial and administrative arguments against the merger in an attempt to deter the investigative committee from completing the synthesis of the youth organisations.
During the lead into the 1947 civil war in Mandatory Palestine, al-Hawari was in command of the local militia in the defence of Jaffa until he fled to Ramallah in late December 1947. Morris comments that al-Hawari was suspected to be an HIS informant. al-Hawari had indeed met and discussed an agreement for Jaffa with Ezra Danin. "Drawing the self-evident conclusion", he left for Egypt where Amin al-Husseini prevented his return and subsequently gained the control of Jaffa. Nevertheless, in the process "al-Najjada was destroyed," and the Palestinian Arab leadership entered the 1948 Palestine War without a national militia.

</doc>
<doc id="18389302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18389302" title="Greatest American Dog">
Greatest American Dog

Greatest American Dog was an American reality television show on CBS. It debuted on July 10, 2008 and was hosted by Jarod Miller with judges Victoria Stilwell, Allan Reznik, and Wendy Diamond. The winner was given the title of "Greatest American Dog" and a prize of $250,000.
Episode format.
Each episode had a theme, such as "teamwork" or "loyalty," that was tested through two different challenges.
The winner of the first challenge, the "Dog Bone Challenge," receives deluxe accommodations within the Canine Academy (similar to the "Head of Household" suite on CBS' "Big Brother"). In addition, for the first four weeks, the winner of the challenge got to send one of the other teams to the "Dog House," a much smaller building with few amenities. For the remaining weeks, the winner received a "leg up," some form of assistance that would help the contestant in the second challenge.
In that second challenge, the "Best in Show Challenge," the teams are evaluated by the judges. The judges then choose one or more winners (except for Week 1), and place three teams in the "bottom three." Of those three, the judges then choose the team they feel had the worst performance; that team is then "expelled" from Canine Academy.
Episode progress.
1 - In episode 5, Teresa & Leroy won the Dog Bone Challenge, but gave it to Bill & Star. In episode 6, Bill & Star won, but returned the favor, giving it to Teresa & Leroy. 
2 - In episode 10, JD & Galaxy were eliminated after a preliminary interview, and did not take part in the final obstacle course/interview.
Ratings.
All ratings based on Nielsen unless specified
Episode guide.
Here's To Man and Woman's Best Friend!
""'Original Air Date: July 10, 2008
The twelve competing dogs and their owners arrive at Canine Academy and meet each other for the first time. The theme for this episode was 'The Basics'.
Dog Bone Challenge: "Doggy Musical Chairs"
Best in Show Challenge: "The Talent Show"
The bottom three were Brandy & Beacon, Beth Joy & Bella Starlet, and Michael & Ezzie. Beth Joy was told her performance was disappointing when she lost control over Bella Starlet. Brandy was chastised for physically manipulating Beacon when Beacon wouldn't listen to Brandy's commands. Michael was told that his own performance overshadowed and overwhelmed Ezzie, who was having difficulty focusing.
He's a Farter, Not a Fighter.
""'Original Air Date: July 17, 2008
Things grow a little tense at Canine Academy when Elvis has a small fight with Tillman and bites his eye. Elvis' owner, David, seems very passive about his dog's actions. Star suffers an injury to her neck and ear, and she has to be brought into an emergency vet to be stitched up. The cause of the injury seems to be unknown, though the vet suggests it may have been a feral cat. Star recovers with a bit of rest and relaxation. The theme for this week's competitions was 'Obedience'.
Dog Bone Challenge: "Doggy Boot Camp"
Best in Show Challenge: ""Pet"-iquette"
The bottom three were Elan & Kenji, Beth Joy & Bella Starlet, and David & Elvis. David was told that his particular use of hand signals was confusing and distracting. Elan was told that her communication with Kenji was confusing and stressful to Kenji. She was also told that she was bordering on being harsh with her dog. Beth Joy had put Bella Starlet in a dress that covered most of her body, which resulted in the judges being unable to evaluate her grooming.
The Fast and the Furriest.
""'Original Air Date: July 24, 2008
Elvis proves that he can 'play nice' with both Andrew and Tillman. The theme for this episode's competitions was 'Teamwork'.
Dog Bone Challenge: "Tangled Leash"
Best in Show Challenge: "The Fast and the Furriest"
The bottom three were David & Elvis, Ron & Tillman, and Laurie & Andrew. David had run Elvis over the teeter-totters on leash (all of the other dogs were off leash), and the judges agreed that Elvis may have performed better off-leash as well. The judges told Ron that they didn't see any teamwork between him and Tillman that week. Laurie was chastised for tearing a larger hole in the paper on the last hoop to give Andrew an easier time, as it was an unfair advantage.
Top Dog Model.
""'Original Air Date: July 30, 2008
The friendship between Laura and Travis continues to blossom, and Brandy seems jealous of it. Many of the contestants begin to stress over the Best in Show challenge. The theme this week is 'Personality'.
Dog Bone Challenge: "Take It or Leave It"
Best in Show Challenge: "Photo Shoot"
The bottom three were Ron & Tillman, Teresa & Leroy, and Brandy & Beacon. Victoria Stilwell felt that Teresa's use of "snarl bands" (an elastic band meant to keep the dog's lips raised) on Leroy to achieve the angry look was inhumane and potentially harmful. Brandy was told that she'd made a poor choice by having a white dog on a white background. Wendy Diamond told Ron that he "single-handedly the worst photo of a bulldog [she had ever seen". The judges agreed that the photo lacked any imagination.
Dancing with the Dogs.
""'Original Air Date: August 6, 2008
Brandy becomes stressed when Beacon seems to be ignoring her. Bill & Star continue to feel homesick, and Teresa picks up on it. This week's theme is 'Coordination'.
Dog Bone Challenge: "Mud Dog"
Best in Show Challenge: "Dancing with the Dogs"
The bottom three were Laura & Preston, Brandy & Beacon, and Travis & Presley. Travis was told that Presley could have been more enthusiastic about the routine. Brandy was told that putting socks on Beacon and poor training caused Beacon to shut down. Laura was told that Preston wasn't focused and that she had lost control of him.
Salvador Doggy.
""'Original Air Date: August 13, 2008
Laura and Travis continue to bond. Laura and Beth Joy argue during a deliberation for the Best in Show competition when Laura mentions to the judges that she'd thought Beth Joy had pushed Bella Starlet too far with certain paint-applying techniques. Travis helps to defend Beth Joy when the judges ask her about it. The theme for this episode's competitions was 'Intelligence'.
Dog Bone Challenge: "Doggy I.Q."
Best in Show Challenge: "Salvador Doggy"
The bottom three were Laura & Preston, JD & Galaxy, and Laurie & Andrew. The judges felt that the painting created by Laura & Preston looked very rushed and had little thought put into it. They felt that Laurie hadn't put enough effort into her work either. JD was chastised for seemingly trying to make mistakes in Galaxy's painting appear to be intentional.
The Big Dig.
""'Original Air Date: August 20, 2008
Beth Joy is upset when Bella Starlet begins to act aggressive. JD and Laurie have a discussion about the difference between their training methods, foreshadowing a heated argument between judges Victoria Stilwell and Wendy Diamond on the same topic after the Best in Show challenge. There was no specific theme in this episode.
Dog Bone Challenge: "The Big Dig"
Best in Show Challenge: "The Maze"
The bottom three were Bill & Star, Beth Joy & Bella Starlet, and Travis & Presley. Travis was told that his "hyperenergy" made it hard for Presley to respond to him and the challenge. Beth Joy was chastised for reducing her commands to "desperate bribes" as she got more anxious with Bella Starlet's performance. Bill was told that he had pushed Star far too close to her limit.
My Dog Can Fly!
""'Original Air Date: August 27, 2008
Things start to get serious with only the top five remaining. JD notices Galaxy is limping after one of the challenges. This week's theme was 'Courage'.
Dog Bone Challenge: "Elephant Charge"
Best in Show Challenge: "Stunt Dog"
The bottom three are Laurie & Andrew, Bill & Star, and Travis & Presley. Travis is told he was a little bit out of control while praising Presley on the very high apparatus the competition took place on. Both Bill and Laurie chose to take their dogs up the easier ramp and neither Star nor Andrew would jump down via the zipline when encouraged to do so. The judges chose to expel Bill & Star because they felt Star could have done the more difficult ramp.
Dog Swap.
""'Original Air Date: September 3, 2008
JD has Galaxy checked out by a vet to ensure she is still able to compete. The vet tells JD that there is no reason to remove her from activity. This week's theme was 'Loyalty'.
Dog Bone Challenge: "Tree Stump Stay"
Best in Show Challenge: "Me or Them"
The bottom three were Teresa & Leroy, JD & Galaxy, and Travis & Presley. Victoria Stilwell felt that both Teresa and JD were threatening in their stances when asking their dogs to stay. Presley was the only dog to break his stay, but Travis was able to regain Presley's attention. The decision from the judges seemed difficult to make, but ended up expelling Teresa, feeling that she'd lost sight of the meaning behind the loyalty challenge.
The Greatest American Dog Is....
""'Original Air Date: September 10, 2008
The top three face off in the final episode of Greatest American Dog. There was no Dog Bone challenge this week. There were instead two Best in Show challenges where someone was eliminated.
Best in Show Challenge: "Final Exam"
Best in Show Challenge: "Obstacle Course/Interview"

</doc>
<doc id="18389345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18389345" title="Am I My Brother's Keeper">
Am I My Brother's Keeper

"Am I My Brother's Keeper" is the second album by Kane & Abel. It was released on July 7, 1998 for No Limit Records and Priority Records and was produced by Master P and Beats By the Pound. The album was a huge success for the duo, peaking at #5 on the Billboard 200 and #1 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and was certified Gold by the R.I.A.A.As of 2004, Am I My Brother's Keeper sold 737,200 copies. There was a single and music video for the single "Time After Time" which was a big success peaking at # 18 on the Hip Hop Charts. This was their last album with No Limit Records.

</doc>
<doc id="18389365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18389365" title="Mansfield Art Center">
Mansfield Art Center

The Mansfield Art Center is an art center in the Woodland neighborhood of Mansfield, Ohio, United States. The art center is operated by the Mansfield Fine Arts Guild, which was founded as a non-profit arts organization in 1945. Prior to the opening of the Center, the Guild presented exhibits and classes in private spaces but demand increased and the Guild had temporary homes throughout the 1950s and 1960s that included: the Mansfield/Richland County Public Library, the Leland Hotel and Kingwood Center. H. Daniel Butts III was hired as the Guild's first full-time Director and he was tasked with establishing a permanent home for the museum, its collection and classes. The building opened in 1971 and was designed by architect Don Hisaka. In the same year, it was the recipient of a Progressive Architecture National Citation Award.
In addition to a range of classes and hosting juried exhibits for the American Craft Council, the museum helps to celebrate the community's history.

</doc>
<doc id="18389381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18389381" title="Omnidirectional camera">
Omnidirectional camera

In photography, an omnidirectional camera (from "omni", meaning all) is a camera with a 360-degree field of view in the horizontal plane, or with a visual field that covers (approximately) the entire sphere. Omnidirectional cameras are important in areas where large visual field coverage is needed, such as in panoramic photography and robotics.
Overview.
A camera normally has a field of view that ranges from a few degrees to, at most, 180°. This means that it captures, at most, light falling onto the camera focal point through a semi-sphere. In contrast, an "ideal" omnidirectional camera captures light from all directions falling onto the focal point, covering a full sphere. In practice, however, most omnidirectional cameras cover only almost the full sphere and many cameras which are referred to as omnidirectional cover only approximately a semi-sphere, or the full 360° along the equator of the sphere but excluding the top and bottom of the sphere. In the case that they cover the full sphere, the captured light rays do not intersect exactly in a single focal point.
Applications.
Panoramic art.
Traditional approaches to panoramic photography mainly consists of stitching shots taken separately into a single, continuous image. The stitching of images, however, is computationally intensive (for example using the RANSAC iterative algorithm, commonly used to solve the correspondence problem), and depending upon the quality and consistency of the shots used, the resulting image might contain a number of deficiencies which impair the quality of the resulting image. In contrast, an omnidirectional camera can be used to create panoramic art in real time, without the need for post processing, and will typically give much better quality products.
Robotics and computer vision.
In robotics, omnidirectional cameras are frequently used for visual odometry and to solve the simultaneous localization and mapping (SLAM) problems visually. Due to its ability to capture a 360-degree view, better results can be obtained for optical flow and feature selection and matching.
Miscellaneous.
Applications of omnidirectional cameras also include surveillance, when it is important to cover an as large visual field as possible, teleconferencing, where it is of interest to include as many participants as possible in the same image. 
An omnidirectional camera can be implemented in different ways, some of which are described below.

</doc>
<doc id="18389395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18389395" title="Zara Northover">
Zara Northover

Zara Northover (born March 6, 1984) is a Jamaican shot putter. Northover has dual citizenship in the United States and Jamaica, and competed for Jamaica at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Northover attended Northeastern University in Boston, Massachusetts, where she competed on the women's track and field team, and graduated in 2007 with a bachelor's degree in communications and a minor in political science. As a senior, Northover was named Colonial Athletic Association Field Athlete of the Year after winning the shot put, discus and hammer and placing seventh in the javelin, helping lead Northeastern to their first CAA title in any sport. Her throw at the Eastern College Athletic Conference Championship during the 2007 outdoor season set both Northeastern and ECAC records. Northover was a five-time NCAA Championship qualifier and had the best national finish of her career in her final season, placing 10th at the NCAA Championship during the 2007 outdoor season, and was nominated for the NCAA Woman of the Year Award.
Internationally, she finished fifth at the 2006 Central American and Caribbean Games. On June 8, 2008, Northover won the Island Games in Uniondale, New York, with a throw of 17.56 meters, allowing her to compete in the Jamaican Olympic Trials in Kingston, Jamaica. She won the shot put at the Olympic Trials on June 28, 2008, with a throw of 16.78 meters. She was officially selected to represent Jamaica in Beijing by the Jamaica Amateur Athletic Association on July 8, 2008, becoming the first Northeastern women’s athlete to compete in a Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18389403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18389403" title="The Feather">
The Feather

"For the Touched by an Angel episode see List of Touched by an Angel episodes"
The Feather is a 1929 British romantic drama film directed by Leslie S. Hiscott, based on the 1927 novel of the same name by Charlotte Mary Matheson, and starring Jameson Thomas, Véra Flory, Randle Ayrton and Mary Clare. It was made as a silent film with added sound effects and music. It was made by the independent producer Julius Hagen at Elstree Studios. 

</doc>
<doc id="18389442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18389442" title="The Land of Heroes">
The Land of Heroes

The Land of Heroes is a Jorma Kaukonen studio album recorded and released in 1995. It was his first new solo album since the mid-1980s. The album incorporated the work of several other musicians, including Michael Falzarano, who had joined Hot Tuna and produced remastered versions of Kaukonen's older Relix Records vinyl releases. Falzarano also produced the new album, and co-wrote some tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="18389455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18389455" title="Lahai Gbabye Lansanah">
Lahai Gbabye Lansanah

Adjutant Lahai Gbabye Lansanah is a Liberian politician and former military officer. Lansanah is a member of the National Democratic Party of Liberia. Lansanah was elected to the Senate of Liberia in the 2005 general election as Senior Senator from the Bomi County. He is one of two senators from the NDPL and was the Chairman of the Senate Committee on National Defense. 2008–2009 Lansanah served as Acting President Pro Tempore of the Senate of Liberia. By 2009, Senator John Ballout of Maryland became Chairman of the Defense Committee.
Military career.
Prior to joining the Senate, Lansanah served as adjutant to former commanding general of the Armed Forces of Liberia, Brigadier John Tarnue.

</doc>
<doc id="18389524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18389524" title="Odetta Sings of Many Things">
Odetta Sings of Many Things

Odetta Sings of Many Things is an album by American folk singer Odetta, released on the RCA label in 1964. It is currently out of print.

</doc>
<doc id="18389534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18389534" title="Alexei Khvostenko">
Alexei Khvostenko

Alexei Khvostenko (; November 14, 1940 – November 30, 2004) was a Russian avant-garde poet, singer-songwriter, artist and sculptor. Khvostenko is also frequently referred to by the nickname Khvost (), meaning "tail".
Biography.
Alexei Khvostenko was born on November 14, 1940 in Sverdlovsk (now Yekaterinburg). He soon moved to Leningrad (now Saint Petersburg), where he grew up. He studied at the Leningrad State Institute of Theatre, Music and Cinematography. In 1963 he published through samizdat his first book, "Podozritel'" (translates, roughly, as "He, who suspects"). While in Leningrad, together with Henri Volohonski, Khvostenko founded an avant-garde literary group, "Verpa".
In 1968 Khvostenko moved to Moscow and became an active figure in Russian underground literary circles, publishing his poetry and songs through samizdat. Khvostenko became a prominent figure in the revival of the avant-garde movement in Soviet literature and art that became possible during Nikita Khrushchev's "thaw" after the death of Joseph Stalin. He is sometimes referred to as the "grandfather of Russian rock".
Khvostenko co-wrote the song "The Golden City" ("Город золотой") that later achieved iconic status in Russia when it was sung by Boris Grebenshchikov in the 1987 film "Assa". Apart from literary works, Khvostenko was also an accomplished painter and sculptor (although his work was not officially exhibited), known for his innovative collages.
Although he did not consider himself to be a political dissident, Khvostenko was regularly harassed and persecuted by the Soviet authorities, accused of social parasitism (тунея́дство), and at one point was put into a psychiatric hospital (a tactic commonly employed by the Soviet authorities for punishing political dissidents). At the time Khvostenko was good friends with a prominent Russian poet Joseph Brodsky, who was also persecuted by the Soviet authorities.
In 1977 Khvostenko was forced by the Soviet authorities to emigrate. He ended up settling in Paris. There Khvostenko, together with Vladimir Maramzin, launched a literary journal, "Echo" (). Khvostenko became a leading figure in the Russian literary community in France. His Paris studio became "a kind of club, where many famous groups and singers performed".
While living in France, Khvostenko recorded a number of song albums, including several albums in the 1990s with the Russian rock group Auktyon (АукцЫон).
His songs became widely popular in Russia, particularly after the dissolution of the Soviet Union.
In 2004, after a personal appeal to President Vladimir Putin, Khvostenko regained his Russian citizenship. Subsequently he divided his time between Paris and Moscow. Alexei Khvostenko died of heart failure on November 30, 2004 in a Moscow hospital.
A year after his death Alexei Khvostenko's friends published his collected literary works in an anthology called "Verpa" – a word "invented by Khvostenko to describe his literary credo".

</doc>
<doc id="18389621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18389621" title="Symphypleona">
Symphypleona

The order Symphypleona is one of the three main groups of springtails (Collembola), tiny hexapods related to insects. When the springtails were still believed to be an order of insects, the Symphypleona were ranked as a suborder.
They can be best distinguished from the other springtail groups by their body shape. The Symphypleona are very round animals, almost spherical, and usually have long antennae. The Poduromorpha, by contrast, always have short legs and a plump body, but more oval in shape than the Symphypleona. The Entomobryomorpha contain the slimmest springtails, some with long and some with short legs and antennae, but always with a very slender body.
Systematics.
The Symphypleona were always considered a highly distinct group of springtails, unlike the Entomobryomorpha and Poduromorpha which were in former times erroneously united in the paraphyletic "Arthropleona". However, occasionally the family Neelidae was separated as an order Neelipleona; this may be in error too, as other studies found the Neelidae very apomorphic relatives of the Sminthuridae, tiny, eyeless but with sensory fields all over their body instead. Consequently, the monotypic Neelipleona are abolished and the Neelidae are included in the Sminthuroidea by many authors. Others, however, include them in the Entomobryomorpha, while analysis of 18S and 28S rRNA sequence data suggests that they form the most ancient lineage of springtails instead, which would explain their peculiar apomorphies and revalidate the Neelipleona.
List of families.
Includes fossil families.
Superfamily Sminthuridoidea
Superfamily Katiannoidea
Superfamily Sturmioidea
Superfamily Sminthuroidea
Superfamily Dicyrtomoidea

</doc>
<doc id="18389631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18389631" title="Christmas (Jorma Kaukonen album)">
Christmas (Jorma Kaukonen album)

Christmas is a Jorma Kaukonen studio album released in July 1996. It was the only themed album Kaukonen recorded and was a departure from the usual Rev. Gary Davis influenced tunes. It included new Christmas-themed compositions as well old hymns such as "Silent Night." Like the previous album, "The Land of Heroes", "Christmas" incorporated the work of Michael Falzarano and Fred Bogert. Kaukonen's wife Vanessa also performed vocals and co-wrote one song. It was also the only time Kaukonen performed keyboards on an album.

</doc>
<doc id="18389657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18389657" title="Affinity Equity Partners">
Affinity Equity Partners

Affinity Equity Partners is one of the largest dedicated Asian private equity firms and focuses on leveraged buyout and growth capital transactions. 
Affinity operates as a Pan-Asian firm focusing on investment opportunities in Korea, Australia and New Zealand, Greater China and Southeast Asia. 
The firm is led by Kok-Yew Tang (Chairman and Managing Partner) and Young-Taeg Park (Managing Partner). It has over 50 employees with offices in Hong Kong, Singapore, Seoul, South Korea, Sydney, Australia, Jakarta, Indonesia and Beijing, China. 
History.
Affinity, founded in 2002, was originally known as UBS Capital Asia Pacific to serve as the Asian private equity arm of UBS AG. UBS Capital Asia Pacific was spun out as an independent firm in March 2004. In 2004, Affinity raised its first independent private equity fund, Affinity Asia Pacific Fund II, with $700 million of investor commitments. In 2007, Affinity raised its next fund Affinity Asia Pacific Fund III with $2.8 billion of investor commitments, which was the largest private equity fund raised to that point in Asia.
Among Affinity's investments are the following: 

</doc>
<doc id="18389664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18389664" title="Wide Open Spaces (song)">
Wide Open Spaces (song)

"Wide Open Spaces" is a song written by Susan Gibson, and recorded by American country music group Dixie Chicks. It was released in July 1998 as the third single and title track from the band's album "Wide Open Spaces". The song hit number one on the U.S. Country singles chart and spent four weeks there in November 1998. It also placed to number 41 on the U.S. Pop singles chart. It reached number one on Canada's country music chart, their first chart-topper there and presaging a long history of support for the band.
In 2001, the RIAA placed "Wide Open Spaces" at number 259 on its 365 Songs of the Century list. In 2003, CMT named it number 22 in its 100 Greatest Songs in Country Music list.
History.
Amarillo, Texas-based Susan Gibson wrote the song's first lyrics in 1993, on her first visit back home after leaving for forestry school at the University of Montana. She left the notebook containing the lyrics at home by mistake when she returned to school; her mother found it and included it in a care package, inspiring Gibson to complete a song along the themes of leaving home. She first performed it in local clubs around the University of Montana, where it was sometimes requested. 
By the late 1990s, Gibson was lead singer of the alt country band The Groobees. They recorded an album, "Wayside", that included "Wide Open Spaces" and which would be released in 1999. It was produced by Lloyd Maines, father of new Dixie Chicks lead singer Natalie Maines. 
Lloyd Maines identified with the tale of a daughter leaving home, and thought it would match Natalie's vocal character well; he brought the song to the group, who tested it in concert a few times to a strong response. Both the Chicks and Sony Music agreed with Lloyd Maines' assessment, not only recording it but making it the title tune of the Maines-era group's first album as well.
The youthful, romantic, adventurous sense of independence featured in "Wide Open Spaces" helped key much of the group's new image; it thus became one of their signature songs and proved very popular among young teenage girls. The lyric speaks of possibilities yet undiscovered:
The lyric has been considered an exemplar of the songwriting strategy in which lines are not repeated in either the verses or chorus. The Texas, bluegrass-flavored arrangement in the recording begins with a fiddle riff, with the band soon joining in. Verses are sung by Natalie Maines by herself, with drums, fiddle, and soft guitar and piano carrying the accompaniment. Choruses feature sisters Emily Erwin and Martie Seidel backing Maines with harmony vocals, and also add a banjo line. The instrumental break features Erwin and Seidel on mandolin and fiddle respectively. The main fiddle riff then brings the recording to a close.
Emily Erwin was proud that the group's hits such as this were still able to incorporate the banjo, an instrument the Nashville establishment often frowned upon as being too hillbilly. Susan Gibson and "Wide Open Spaces" has been considered an example of the influence of the West Texas influence in country music songwriting; Gibson herself considers Amarillo to be "where the wide open spaces are. Amarillo has the most beautiful sunsets." Gibson's childhood family drives from Amarillo to Missoula, Montana also trace the song's lyric and settings. 
The song gained Nashville respect, as it was named the Country Music Association Awards Single of the Year in 1999. It also won Gibson the "American Songwriter" Professional Country Songwriter of the Year award in early 2000, as well as a BMI award the previous year. Although the song itself was not nominated for a Grammy Award (the album was, as was its previous single, "There's Your Trouble", both of which won in their categories), it was included on the various artists "1999 Grammy Nominees" compilation album.
Music video.
The music video for "Wide Open Spaces" portrayed the Dixie Chicks in a Rocky Mountains setting, cavorting through wide open fields of wildflowers and the like. Interspersed were scenes of the then-all blonde Chicks on tour: in performance, backstage, and on their tour bus (the last showing the slogan "Ain't Skeerd" on the outside). The performance was filmed at West Fest, an annual event in Winter Park, Colorado where the Chicks appeared four years running. The mountain scenes were done around Winter Park as well, and included background shots of some of the Chicks exercising their trampoline talents. It was directed by Thom Oliphant, who previously directed "There's Your Trouble," and would later co-direct "Without You." 
This effort was directed by Thom Oliphant, and was named the Country Music Association Awards Music Video of the Year in 1999. It was placed at #32 on CMT's 2004 ranking of the 100 Greatest Videos.
Legacy.
The commercial success of the single and album gave songwriter Gibson something of a windfall, which she celebrated by going to San Marcos, Texas and buying gifts for everyone she knew. She would later say the song was both innocent and personal for her, in the latter detailed so much that she was surprised another artist would relate to it. She would say of the song's recording by the Chicks that it was "beautiful stunning musicianship and very professional production ... [a gorgeous recording." And of the song's popularity, Gibson would say, "So much of the success of that song belongs to Dixie Chicks ... but pairing that song with that group is what made 'Wide Open Spaces' what it is. It really was just a magical combination of right place, right time, right group. I'm glad it happened to me."
"Wide Open Spaces" has been a constant on the Chicks' concert tours, and indeed was the only song from "Wide Open Spaces" still in the set list as of the 2006 Accidents & Accusations Tour. "The New York Times" said that in one such 2006 performance, in light of the still-ongoing Dixie Chicks political controversy, "songs like 'Wide Open Spaces' ..., about women leaving home and striking out on their own, sounded more than ever like mission statements." Gibson also continues to perform it at her live performance outings.
The song appears on the game "Karaoke Revolution" edition "CMT presents Karaoke Revolution Country".

</doc>
<doc id="18389678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18389678" title="TheBrain Technologies">
TheBrain Technologies

TheBrain Technologies is a software company located in Marina del Rey, California. Founded in 1998, they specialize in mind mapping software.
Products.
Their flagship product, PersonalBrain, has been popular in mind mapping circles, and runs on multiple operating systems. Their other major product, BrainEKP, received an award from the James Burke institute in 2008. Their other two products include BrainSDK and BrainEKP Connectors.

</doc>
<doc id="18389679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18389679" title="TheBrain">
TheBrain

TheBrain, formerly branded PersonalBrain, is a mind mapping and personal knowledge base software from TheBrain Technologies. It uses a dynamic graphical interface that maps hierarchical and network relationships. It includes the ability to add links to Web pages and files as well as notes and events using a built-in calendar. It is cross-platform, available for Windows, Unix and Unix-like operating systems, and Mac OS X. It is available in a free edition as well as in commercial editions with additional features.

</doc>
<doc id="18389719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18389719" title="Waiting (Trapt song)">
Waiting (Trapt song)

"Waiting"is the second single from "Someone in Control". It topped out at #27 on the Modern Rock Tracks chart and #20 on the Mainstream Rock Tracks chart.

</doc>
<doc id="18389743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18389743" title="Sam Angel">
Sam Angel

Sam Angel (November 30, 1920 – March 21, 2007) was a poker player best known as a top Razz player and for his two wins at the World Series of Poker (WSOP).
At the 1973 World Series of Poker, Angel won the $1,000 buy-in WSOP Razz event, with its $32,000 prize and bracelet. In 1975, he won a second bracelet and $17,000 in the $1,000 buy-in Razz event.
Angel also won a Razz event at the 1981 Super Bowl of Poker, organized by 1972 world champion Amarillo Slim. For this win, he received a prize of $57,000. He also cashed in various other tournaments during his career, with tournament winnings over $180,000. 
In the 1950s, Angel worked as a driver for Nick "The Greek" Dandalos and began playing poker during this time. He also would sometimes sell jewelry to raise extra money for his poker bankroll. Despite his poker tournament success, Angel was primarily a cash game player during much of his poker career. 

</doc>
<doc id="18389763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18389763" title="Barsi Light Railway">
Barsi Light Railway

The Barsi Light Railway was a -long, Two foot six inch gauge railways narrow gauge railway in western India. It was the brainchild of British engineer Everard Calthrop, and regarded as having revolutionised narrow gauge railway construction in India.
History.
Calthrop worked as a locomotive inspector for the Great Indian Peninsula Railway, and in 1886 requested leave to investigate proposals for independent branch lines. He identified two schemes of particular interest – a tramway connecting the Hindu religious centre of Nasik with the railway, and a branch line to the town of Barsi. The Great Indian Peninsula Railway approved both schemes, and Calthrop undertook a survey of both lines. In 1887 he registered the Indian Railways Feeder Lines Company in London to promote the construction of feeders to the railway, and began negotiations with the Indian government to build the Barsi Light Railway. The Great Indian Peninsula Railway suggested that he either return to his duties as a locomotive inspector, or resign (with its support) to further promote branch lines. His health was failing, and in 1889 Calthrop resigned from the Great Indian Peninsula Railway. Working as a consultant, he then supervised construction of the gauge horse-powered Nasik Tramway using his previous survey.
During his time in India, Calthrop developed his ideas on the construction of narrow gauge railways. He surmised that the axle load on the axles of all rolling stock (including locomotives) could be equal, allowing maximum loading of goods wagons. He settled on a load of per axle, which was light enough to allow railway lines to be built with rail. Further, he argued that using a track gauge of was the best compromise between economy of construction and carrying capacity.
Construction.
In 1895 the negotiations that began in 1887 were finally successful and Calthrop formed a new company to build the Barsi Light Railway, employing himself as consulting engineer. The railway became a showcase for his ideas. Five 0-8-4T locomotives (with even distribution of axle load) were constructed to Calthrop's specification by Kitson and Company. The goods rolling stock was constructed on common pressed-steel underframes, reducing tare weight and maximising wagon loads. Calthrop recognised the importance of railways in warfare, and designed the rolling stock to facilitate the movement of troops and equipment. Rolling stock rode on pressed-steel Fox bogies, using the Timmis system of double coiled springs. The line was constructed with rail inclination (then a new idea), which involves tilting the rail a few degrees to make its surface more nearly parallel with that of the rim of the wheels. Inclination is now applied universally to railways.
Prior to shipment of the rolling stock to India, Calthrop and the Leeds Forge Company, manufacturer of the rolling stock, conducted tests on a specially built test track located at Newlay, near Leeds. The line was opened for inspection by railway officials and journalists, and a number of reports were published in the technical railway press.
The Barsi Light Railway opened in 1897, and was extended on a number of occasions until it reached a total length of in 1927. It is regarded as having revolutionised the narrow gauge railway system on the Indian subcontinent; the railway was immensely successful, establishing Calthrop as one of the leading figures in the field. Calthrop remained Consulting Engineer until he retired, due to ill health, two years before his death. The Barsi Light Railway continued to be operated as a privately owned railway until 1954, when it was purchased by the Indian government; it continued to operate as a narrow-gauge railway until conversion to began in the late 1990s as part of Indian Railways' conversion program for all and narrow gauge lines.
This is now closed but the remnants are visible all along the route. The new BG line was completed on 19 October 2008 and is largely on a totally new alignment.

</doc>
<doc id="18389765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18389765" title="Speed Star">
Speed Star

Speed Star is the second studio album by Japanese singer/voice actress Aya Hirano, released by Lantis on November 18, 2009. On September 1, 2009, the album was announced to be released, on her official website.
The album includes her three singles "Unnamed World", "Set Me Free/Sing A Song!" and "Super Driver", but does not include her collaboration single with Tsunku, "Namida Namida Namida". The single from the album, "Super Driver" was used as the opening theme of the 2009 anime adaptation of "Suzumiya Haruhi" series.
The first-press limited edition came with a DVD which included the music video of its title tune "Speed Star". The album sold over 20,000 copies in its initial week, debuting at No. 4 on the Oricon weekly album charts.

</doc>
<doc id="18389770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18389770" title="List of Bratz characters">
List of Bratz characters

A list of past and current Bratz characters:
Bratz Masquerade characters.
These characters were introduced in the Masquerade by Bratz line. They are not considered to be full characters.
Cloe also goes as an Angel (Toys-R-Us Exclusive)

</doc>
<doc id="18389775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18389775" title="Amebicide">
Amebicide

An amebicide (or amoebicide) is an agent used in the treatment of amoebozoa infections. 
Among these agents are the following, linked to the infections they are used to treat:
Although "Naegleria" is sometimes considered amoeboid, it is not closely related to the Amoebozoa (it is much more closely related to "Trypanosoma"), and agents used to treat "Naegleria" infections (such as Amphotericin B) are usually addressed separately.
Entamoeba.
"E. histolytica" infections occur in both the intestine and (in people with symptoms) in tissue of the intestine and/or liver. As a result, both tissue and luminal drugs are needed to treat the infection, one for each location. Metronidazole is usually given first, followed by Paromomycin or Diloxanide. 
"E. dispar" does not require treatment, but many laboratories (even in the developed world) do not have the facilities to distinguish this from "E. histolytica".
Tissue amebicides.
Metronidazole, or a related drug such as tinidazole, secnidazole or ornidazole, is used to destroy amoebae that have invaded tissue. These are rapidly absorbed into the bloodstream and transported to the site of infection. Because they are rapidly absorbed there is almost none remaining in the intestine. 
For amebic dysentery a multi-prong approach must be used, starting with one of:
Doses for children are calculated by body weight and a pharmacist should be consulted for help.
Lumenal amebicides.
Since most of the amoebae remain in the intestine when tissue invasion occurs, it is important to get rid of those also or the patient will be at risk of developing another case of invasive di effective of which has been shown to be paromomycin (also known as Humatin); iodoquinol (also known as Yodoxin) is used in the US; and diloxanide furoate (also known as Furamide) is used in certain other countries.
In addition to the tissue amebicides above, one of the following lumenal amebicides should be prescribed as an adjunctive treatment, either concurrently or sequentially, to destroy "E. histolytica" in the colon:
Doses for children are calculated by body weight and a pharmacist should be consulted for help.
For amebic liver abscess.
For amebic liver abscess:
Doses for children are calculated by body weight and a pharmacist should be consulted for help.
Acanthamoeba.
Propamidine isethionate has been used in the treatment of Acanthamoeba infection.

</doc>
<doc id="18389790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18389790" title="Rise to Power (Kane &amp; Abel album)">
Rise to Power (Kane &amp; Abel album)

Rise to Power is the third album by Kane & Abel. It was released on September 21, 1999 for Elektra Records and was produced by Kane & Abel. The album found some success, peaking at #61 on the Billboard 200 and #11 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums, but was not as successful as the group's previous album, Am I My Brother's Keeper. As of 2004, Rise to Power sold 115,000 copies.

</doc>
<doc id="18389793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18389793" title="Rattlesnake!">
Rattlesnake!

Rattlesnake! is the fourth and final studio album by post-hardcore band A Static Lullaby. The album was released through Fearless Records on September 9, 2008. The album was produced by Steve Evetts who also produced all previous albums by A Static Lullaby except for "Faso Latido" which was produced by Lou Giordano (Taking Back Sunday, The Color Fred). It is their first release to carry the Parental Advisory sticker. This is the last album released by the band before their break-up in January 2012.
Background.
This is the first album to be released by the group as a four-piece band. The former second guitarist, John Martinez, left A Static Lullaby on good terms and was not replaced. This is also the first album with new drummer, Tyler Mahurin. The band has been playing three songs off the record on their Party Star tour: "Rattlesnake!", "The Pledge", and "The Prestige".
The song "The Pledge" features guest vocals by Greg Puciato (Dillinger Escape Plan).
Rattlesnake band.
During a live interview on the website StickyCam (a website for those with webcams) before the release of the album their current bassist Dane Poppin (who recorded on the album) was said to be replaced by a name from a fictitious band called Rattlesnake. The band said that the album was named after the band and that the bassist from Rattlesnake (who appeared in the interview) was to fill in for a while. Halfway through the interview the band reveled that they had pranked all those watching. Dane was wearing a fake mustache, playing the part of the fake Rattlesnake bassist and the band also admitted that they made up Rattlesnake. The band also admitted that it would be funny if they learned of Britney Spears having heard their cover of Toxic.
Track listing.
All music written by A Static Lullaby. All lyrics written by Joe Brown.

</doc>
<doc id="18389820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18389820" title="Entomobryoidea">
Entomobryoidea

The Entomobryoidea are a superfamily of springtails (Collembola), tiny hexapods related to insects. In the modern sense, this group is placed in an order called Entomobryomorpha.
This superfamily contains very characteristic species of springtails. They typically possess long legs and antennae, as well as a well-developed furcula.
Systematics.
The Entomobryoidea in the old sense – now Entomobryomorpha – were united with the Poduroidea (now Poduromorpha) in a group called "Arthropleona", but this has more recently turned out to be paraphyletic. Actually the Entomobryomorpha, the Poduromorpha, and the third springtaill lineage – the Symphypleona – are equally distinct from each other. Their treatment at equal taxonomic rank reflects this.
Following a 2008 review of the Entomobryomorpha, the Cyphoderidae are demoted to a subfamily of the Paronellidae. Apart from the three living families, there are also two extinct ones known only from fossils.

</doc>
<doc id="18389828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18389828" title="Petar Georgiev-Kalica">
Petar Georgiev-Kalica

Petar Georgiev-Kalica () (born November 19, 1951 in Bitola) is a Macedonian composer and songwriter. He had first contacts with music in Secondary music school in Bitola. During his music education he was a member of many music bands in his native town Bitola. His first major success was in 1989 when he participated in the Macedonian music festival Valandovo as a songwriter of the song "Ako odam vo Bitola" ("If I go to Bitola"), performed by Oktet Makedonija. With this song he won the third place from the jury. This song is one of the most famous songs ever written about the town of Bitola and the lyrics are about Bitola's old traditions. "Ako odam vo Bitola" is used in making many documentaries and music events dedicated to Bitola. Taking into consideration the fact that this song is still popular, cover of this song was made by the most famous Macedonian music star Toše Proeski on his ethnic album "Božilak" ("Rainbow"). This cover was in different style from the original song, but it was well accepted from the audience.
In 1989 he achieved another great music success on the most famous Macedonian pop festival MakFest, where he participated as a songwriter of the smash Macedonian hit "Letaj mi letaj gulabe" ("Fly, my dove") performed by the famous Croatian singer Krunoslav "Kićo" Slabinac. This song won the second place, missing the first place for only one vote from the audience. However, he won the prize for best lyrics for this song. Although this song didn't win, it is still popular in the Balkans.
In 1991, he wrote maybe his most famous song "Stariot džumbušlija" performed by the famous Serbian folk singer Ana Bekuta, on the Valandovo festival. The song was ranked 4th missing the 3rd place for 3 votes. This was a smash hit in the Republic of Macedonia winning the prize for most listened song from the audience next year.
The same year, he took part on MakFest as a composer of the song "Rozite pak se tazni" ("Roses are still sad") performed by Slovenian singer Simona Weiss.
As a songwriter he participated twice on Skopje Fest, a festival that has been used as Macedonian national selection for Eurovision Song Contest:
Throughout his career, he is best recognized as a songwriter of traditional folk songs, where the basic inspiration is Bitola, his native town.
U.S. flute and guitar duo "Alma Nova" covered his song "Ako odam vo Bitola" on their album "After hours",with title "Bitola", recorded February,2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18389831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18389831" title="Elijah F. Smith">
Elijah F. Smith

Elijah F. Smith (December 1792 – September 12, 1879) was the 8th mayor of Rochester, New York. 
Smith came to Rochester from Groton, Connecticut in 1826 when he opened a store, Smith & Perkins, on Main Street. He became involved in city affairs and served as an alderman before 1840 when he was elected Mayor. He was the first Mayor of Rochester to be elected by the people of the city, following an 1840 New York State law requiring that all mayors be publicly elected. In March 1841, Smith was reelected to a second term. His time in office saw the annexation to the city of the Mount Hope Cemetery area, but other improvements where prevented by the ongoing national depression.
After his term as Mayor, Smith held other offices in the city. He served as a trustee for the University of Rochester until his death in 1880. He is buried in Mount Hope Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="18389852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18389852" title="North and South Twin Lakes (Oregon)">
North and South Twin Lakes (Oregon)

North and South Twin Lakes are two nearly identical natural lakes in Deschutes County, Oregon. Both were formed around 20,000 years ago when a rising magma reservoir reached groundwater, creating violent steam explosions. Two craters were formed, later filling with water.
North Twin Lake has an elevation of ,
while South Twin Lake is lower, at . 
North is larger, having a surface area of , compared to South's . North is also deeper, with an average depth of , and a maximum depth of . South is shallower, with an average depth of , and maximum depth of .
In 1987, the Oregon Department of Fish and Wildlife poisoned South Twin Lake to remove rough fish. The lake is stocked with fingerlings and rainbow trout. North Twin Lake was illegally stocked with catfish some time before 2008. The largest recorded rainbow trout caught from South Twin Lake weighed over . The trout average long, with fish common.
The Twin Lakes have surprisingly calm winds compared to other Cascade Lakes. South Twin Lake is completely tree-lined except for the beach day-use area. Water levels vary little over the season. The lake is rich with weedbeds.

</doc>
<doc id="18389854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18389854" title="Transaction-Safe FAT File System">
Transaction-Safe FAT File System

Transaction-Safe FAT File System (TFAT) and Transaction-Safe Extended File System (TexFAT) refer to two file systems used in Microsoft products to provide transaction-safety for data stored on a disk. The goal is to reduce the risk of data loss in cases of power loss or unexpected removal of the drive. The latter problem has become more common with the spread of USB drives.
TFAT.
The Transaction-Safe FAT File System (TFAT) is a driver layer modification to the original FAT file system that maintained two copies (FAT0 and FAT1) of the file allocation table instead of two identical ones. While performing a drive operation, changes would be made to FAT1. When the operation was complete, the FAT1 table would be copied to FAT0, updating the stable view of the file system.
TexFAT.
The Transaction-Safe Extended FAT File System (TexFAT), TexFAT provides similar functionality to TFAT using the exFAT file system as the base file system instead of FAT. Introduced with Windows Embedded CE 6.0, it is sometimes referred to as "TFAT" as well, which can lead to confusion with the original TFAT described above.
The use of exFAT as the underlying file system allows for larger files and larger partitions. TexFAT requires a hardware-specific driver designed for the type of media on which the TexFAT volume resides.
Limitations.
Due to the lack of support in desktop operating systems, neither TFAT nor TexFAT are recommended for removable media. While the desktop OS could still read the drive, it could not use the transaction-safe features, so unexpected removal or a power outage could lead to data loss. In addition, directories created under the desktop OS may not be transaction-safe even if the drive is later attached to a TFAT/TexFAT aware operating system.

</doc>
<doc id="18389857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18389857" title="Edgell">
Edgell

Edgell is both a surname and a given name. Notable people with the name include:
Surname:
Given name:

</doc>
<doc id="18389869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18389869" title="SuperGirl (album)">
SuperGirl (album)

SuperGirl is a 2008 album released by Saving Jane.
History.
The album was released on June 9, 2008 and features the song "SuperGirl", which is featured on the Danica Patrick website. "SuperGirl" was also named as the official theme song of USA gymnast and Olympic champion Nastia Liukin, when she was contacted by Saving Jane following her listing "SuperGirl" as her most played song on her iPod. It is now the default song which plays when Nastia's official website is loaded. The album is essentially a re-release of One Girl Revolution, but features the song "SuperGirl", written by Marti Dodson and Mats Valentin in Stockholm, Sweden. The album was made available on popular music downloading sites and dance remixes were later made available on iTunes. A video contest was held by the band for fans to win a prize. The contest involved creating an original video using "SuperGirl". The winner of the contest was announced in early July 2008. In 2009, Suzie McNeil covered "SuperGirl" with an accompanying music video.

</doc>
<doc id="18389891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18389891" title="Sergei Sergeyevich Prikhodko">
Sergei Sergeyevich Prikhodko

Sergei Sergeyevich Prikhodko (, born 9 May 1984 in Leningrad, now St. Petersburg) is a Russian football Goalkeeper who plays for FC Znamya Truda Orekhovo-Zuyevo in the Russian Second Division. His father, also Sergei, is a former goalkeeper who coached his son while an assistant at FC Zenit Saint Petersburg. They both moved to FC Sokol-Saratov in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="18389904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18389904" title="Paracanonical texts (Theravada Buddhism)">
Paracanonical texts (Theravada Buddhism)

The term "paracanonical texts" is used by Western scholars to refer to various texts on the fringes of the Pali Canon of Theravada Buddhism (cf. Apocrypha), usually to refer to the following texts sometimes regarded as included in the Pali Canon's Khuddaka Nikaya:
The Suttasamgaha includes selected texts primarily from the Pali Canon. The Nettipakarana and the Petakopadesa are introductions to the teachings of Buddhism; these books present methods of interpretation that lead to the knowledge of the good law ("saddhamma"). Milindapañhā, written in the style of the Pali suttas, contains a dialogue between the Indo-Greek king Menander (in Pāli, Milinda) and the Thera Nāgasena, which illuminates certain important tenets of Buddhism.
The term "paracanonical" is also sometimes applied to the Patimokkha, which is not in the Canon, but a commentary on it, in which most of the text is embedded.
Other terms with similar meanings include "semi-canonical" and "quasi-canonical".
History.
The Suttasamgaha is believed to have been composed in Anurādhapura, Sri Lanka.
In Burma, presumably sometime after the closing of the Abhidhamma Pitaka (ca. 200 CE), the paracanonical texts were added to the Khuddaka Nikaya.
The Suttasamgaha was included in the 1888 Burmese Piakat samui, but excluded from the 1956 Burmese Chaasagāyana edition possibly due to the Suttasamgaha's inclusion of material from the post-canonical Pali commentaries. The Burmese Fifth Council inscriptions of the Canon include the same three works. The Burmese Phayre manuscript of the Canon, dated 1841/2, includes the Netti. 
The Nettipakarana, Petakopadesa and Milindapañha appear in the Khuddaka Nikaya of the Burmese Tipitaka, while the Nettipakarana and the Petakopadesa appear in the Sinhalese printed edition. 
The head of the Burmese sangha two centuries ago regarded at least the Netti and Petakopadesa as canonical. A modern Burmese teacher has described them as post-canonical.
Nettipakarana.
The Nettipakarana (Pāli: -pakarana: The Guide), Nettippakarana, or just Netti, is a Buddhist scripture, sometimes included in the Khuddaka Nikaya of Theravada Buddhism's Pāli Canon.
Translation: "The Guide", tr Nanamoli, 1962, Pali Text Society, Bristol.
The nature of the Netti is a matter of some disagreement among scholars. The translator supported by Professor George Bond of Northwestern University, holds that it is a guide to help those who already understand the teachings and present them to others. However, A. K. Warder, Professor Emeritus of Sanskrit at the University of Toronto, disagrees, maintaining that it covers all aspects of interpretation, not just this one.
The Netti itself says that the Buddha's disciple methods were taught by Kaccana (also Katyayana or Kaccayana), and the colophon says that he composed the book, that Buddha had approved, and that it was recited at the First Council. Scholars do not take this literally, but the translator admits the methods may go back to him. The translator holds that the book is a revised edition of the Petakopadesa, though Professor von Hinüber has questioned this idea. Scholars generally date it somewhere around the beginning of the Common Era.
Petakopadesa.
The Petakopadesa (petakopadesa: "Pitaka-Disclosure") is a Buddhist scripture, sometimes included in the Pāli Canon of Theravada Buddhism.
Translation: "Pitaka-Disclosure", tr Nanamoli, 1964, Pali Text Society, Bristol.
The nature of this book is a matter of some disagreement among scholars. The translator, supported by Professor George Bond of Northwestern University, holds it is a guide to those who understand the teaching in presenting it to others. However, A. K. Warder, Professor Emeritus of Sanskrit in the University of Toronto, maintains that it covers all aspects of interpretation, not just that.
According to the chapter colophons, the book was composed by the Buddha's disciple Kaccana (or Kaccayana). Scholars do not take this literally, though the translator mentions that the methods may go back to him. Scholars tend to give dates around the beginning of the common era.
The text of the book as handed down in manuscript is very corrupt. This book was regarded as canonical by the head of the Burmese sangha about two centuries ago. It is included in the inscriptions of the Canon approved by the Burmese Fifth Council and in the printed edition of the Sixth Council text. 
The Petakopadesa deals with the textual and the exegetical methodology. It is nothing but a different manipulation of the subject-matter discussed in the Nettipakarana. In some places there are quotations from the Tipitaka. B.C. Law says, “its importance lies also in the fact that in places it has quoted the Pāli canonical passages mentioning the sources by such names as Samyuttaka (Samyutta Nikāya) and Ekuttaraka (Ekuttara or Anguttara Nikāya)”. The Petakopadesa describes the cattāri ariyasaccāni or the Four Noble Truths as the central theme or the essence of Buddhism.
Milindapañhā.
The Milindapanha (also -pañha or -pañhā) is a Buddhist scripture, sometimes included in the Pāli Canon of Theravada Buddhism as a book of the Khuddaka Nikaya. It is in the form of a dialogue between King Menander I (or Milinda) of Bactria, who reigned in the second century BCE, and a monk named Nagasena, not independently known.
Rhys Davids says it is the greatest work of classical Indian prose, though Moritz Winternit says this is true only of the earlier parts, it being generally accepted by scholars that the work is composite, with additions made over some time. In support of this, it is noted that the Chinese versions of the work are substantially shorter. The book is included in the inscriptions of the Canon approved by the Burmese Fifth Council and the printed edition of the Sixth Council text,
the Milindapañhā. This work is revered and is one of the most popular and authoritative works of Pāli Buddhism.
What is most interesting about the Milindapañhā is that it is the product of the encounter of two great civilizations - Hellenistic Greece and Buddhist India - and is thus of continuing relevance as the wisdom of the East meets the modern Western world. King Milinda poses questions about dilemmas raised by Buddhist philosophy that we might ask today, and Nāgasena's responses are full of wisdom, wit, and helpful analogies.

</doc>
<doc id="18389937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18389937" title="Zoological Society of San Diego">
Zoological Society of San Diego

The Zoological Society of San Diego is a non-profit organization that operates the San Diego Zoo, the San Diego Zoo Safari Park, and the Institute for Conservation Research. It was founded in 1916 under the leadership of Dr. Harry M. Wegeforth.
The Zoological Society of San Diego claims the largest zoological society membership in the world, with more than 250,000 member households and 130,000 child memberships, representing more than a half million people. Society members enjoy free admission to the Zoo and the Safari Park, a subscription to the monthly magazine ZOONOOZ, and other benefits depending on their level of membership.
As of 2011 the Zoological Society of San Diego, the San Diego Zoo, the San Diego Zoo Safari Park and the San Diego Zoo Institute for Conservation Research all operate under an umbrella organization called San Diego Zoo Global.
History.
Dr. Harry M. Wegeforth founded the Zoological Society of San Diego, meeting October 2, 1916, and initially following precedents set by the New York Zoological Society at the Bronx Zoo.
He gathered several like-minded men: his brother Paul Wegeforth, several other physicians including local physician Fred Baker and Navy surgeon Joseph Thompson, and naturalist Frank Stephens, who was associated with the San Diego Society of Natural History (later the San Diego Natural History Museum). They became the founding directors of the Zoological Society of San Diego, with Wegeforth serving as its founding president.
Funding.
The Society receives a four-star or "highly rated" evaluation from the Charity Navigator website, which reports that the Society spends 90.2% of its funds on operating its programs, 7.7% on administrative expenses, and 2.0% on fundraising.
In 2000, the Society received a grant of $7.5m from the Arnold and Mabel Beckman Foundation. The grant helped to fund the construction of the Institute for Conservation Research (formerly the Center for the Reproduction of Endangered Species). The center is next to the Paul Harter Veterinary Medical Center which is located at the San Diego Zoo Safari Park.
In 2004 the Society received its largest ever individual donation, of $10m, from the estate of McDonald's heiress Joan Kroc.
In 2009 the Zoological Society was named a "Rising Star in the field of Plant & Animal Science" by Thomson Reuters.

</doc>
<doc id="18389944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18389944" title="Lisa Miller (psychologist)">
Lisa Miller (psychologist)

Lisa Jane Miller is a professor, researcher and clinical psychologist, best known as a research scholar on spirituality in psychology. Miller has worked for two decades to integrate spirituality into mainstream research on mental health and wellness publishing over 75 empirical peer review article on spirituality and mental health in leading medical and psychology journals, including the American Journal of Psychiatry and Journal of the American Academy of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry. Her work focuses on the spiritual awareness of children, adolescents and mothers, and benefits to mental health and wellness of spiritual awareness. She teaches at Teachers College, Columbia University.
Early life and early career.
Miller graduated from Yale.
Early experiences in her career led her to become interested in the spiritual strength as source of coping and resilience, and index of truth. Women, particularly mothers of young children, have profound spiritual experiences which are not commonly supported or understood by the mainstream field of psychology. She introduced a Post-Newtonian Spiritual Psychology, based upon notions such as superposition and field theory, such that a new generation of psychology might keep pace with contemporary physics.
Children with spiritual or profound anomalous experiences find themselves without support and guidance. "Admitting to psychic abilities is especially difficult for children, who often find themselves ostracized and discriminated against for embracing their psychic gifts," she said. Miller said she once met an elementary school boy from Texas who felt the spirit of his deceased grandmother and shared the experience with his classmates. His mother grew despondent.
Later career.
Miller is Director of Clinical Psychology at Columbia University, psychologist, and frequent television commentator who has been on the Weekend Today Show, Larry King Live, ABC Nightline, Fox News, MSNBC and talk shows. Miller advocates for children and women who are not understood by the mainstream field of psychology, such as in her work with children in Psychic Kids and related appearance on Larry King Live. Miller explains the awareness and attunement of children through the lens of 21st century postmaterial Spiritual Psychology (Watching for Light: A Spiritual Psychology Beyond Materialism, Psychology of Religion and Spirituality, 2010; Oxford University Press Handbook of Psychology and Spirituality, 2012).
Miller co-hosted a season in 2009 of the show Psychic Kids on AE. Miller says she participated in the A&E series because "this is an opportunity to share more broadly with our culture the psychic experiences of children and to understand what their experience says about our own daily lived reality." Her goal is to make acceptance of spiritual and psychic influences more common in the United States as they are in other nations such as China and Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="18389969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18389969" title="Mimagoniates microlepis">
Mimagoniates microlepis

Mimagoniates microlepis, also known as the blue tetra (a common name shared with "Tyttocharax madeirae", "Knodus borki", and possibly other Characidae, as well), the croaking tetra (a name also applied to "Mimagoniates inequalis" and "Mimagoniates lateralis"), the small-scaled tetra, is a species of tetra in the genus "Mimagoniates". First identified by Franz Steindachner in 1876 and named "Coelurichthys microlepis", it has also been identified as "Coelurichthys iporangae" (Miranda-Ribeiro, 1908), "Coelurichthys lateralis", and "Mimagoniates iporangae" (McAllister, 1990) besides its current taxonomic classification. There is evidence of a variety called "M. microlepis" 'Joinville' which might be synonymous with "Paragoniates microlepis".
Habitat.
A freshwater tropical fish native to South America, the range of "M. microlepis" includes Venezuela and the region of Brazil between northern Rio Grande do Sul and southern Bahia. "M. microlepis" is benthopelagic and favors small to and medium-sized streams and rivers, especially clear coastal streams. It prefers temperatures of 18–23°C (64–73°F).
Anatomy.
"M. microlepis" reaches about in length. Genetic diversity with the species is evidenced by its variable phenotype. For example, in this wild-caught specimen (a brownish-black stripe runs along either side of its body from head to tail. Directly above this and touching it is stripe of similar size but of a lighter brown-beige color. It has a sort of blueish-purplish sheen all over. Except for this sheen, their two stripes, and their internal organs, it is mostly transparent similar to the so-called "X-ray tetra", "Pristella maxillaris". By comparison, this aquarium-bred specimen ([http://aquavisie.retry.org/Database/Aquariumfish/Mimagoniates_microlepis.html) is mostly opaque and has much less prominent markings and this specimen ([http://www.fishbase.org/Photos/PicturesSummary.cfm?ID=53344&what=species]) caught near Ubatuba has an appearance somewhat between those of the two previously described. According to a 2008 report, "phylogeographic studies based on molecular data indicate significant differences between the isolated populations of "M. microlepis"."
Males have a modified breathing organ with which they make sound during courtship. They also have a modified caudal gland used to release pheromones, a characteristic they share with all members of the Glandulocaudinae subfamily.
Sound.
Like related species sometimes referred to as "croaking tetras" or "chirping tetras", "M. microlepis" has a supplementary breathing organ located above its gills which makes a faint chirping sound when it comes to the surface to gulp air. This noise also plays a role in courtship, as the male chases and hovers near the female while taking gulps of air and expelling it to make a rhythmic sound. Croaking behavior may have evolved from a behavior called "nipping surface", a feeding behavior that occurs when the fish is searching for food; the fish often will gulp air when doing this. This behavior has no useful respiratory function.
Cultivation.
"M. microlepis" is cultivated by aquarists and is appropriate for inclusion in a tank with other species of nonaggressive fish. They accept frozen and dry food, but live food is especially recommended.
This peaceful fish likes to swim and you can keep him in a small school in the community aquarium. The aquarium should be planted on the sides and background. In the middle you should leave a lot of free swimming space. A dark substrate and a dimmed light by using floating plants bring out the colours of the fish.
Another expert says "they are an attractive fish that is worth shopping around for" but are not often for sale. --> 
Breeding them is not difficult and a spawning mop (a sort of synthetic plant resembling the head of an old-fashioned mop) may be used as a substrate upon which they can lay and fertilize their eggs. The parents should then be removed so that they do not cannibalize their eggs or young. The fry emerge from their eggs in two or three days. Newborn "M. microlepis" may be feed firstly paramecia and rotifers. After increasing their size somewhat, brine shrimp may be offered.

</doc>
<doc id="18389977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18389977" title="MEDISON Co.,Ltd.">
MEDISON Co.,Ltd.

"
MEDISON () is a manufacturer of diagnostic ultrasound systems, founded in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="18389989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18389989" title="David H. Greene">
David H. Greene

David Herbert Greene (November 4, 1913 – July 9, 2008) was an author and professor at Harvard University, Boston University, The College of New Rochelle, the U.S. Naval Academy and New York University, where he was chairman of the English Department. He was the official biographer of the Irish playwright J.M. Synge and worked on the original version of the game show Password as a 'word authority'.
He was born in Cambridge, Massachusetts to Herbert Greene and Annie Roche. He graduated from Harvard University in 1936. He studied in Ireland on a Harvard Fellowship.
He married Catherine Healy in 1939. During World War II served as an officer with the United States Navy.
He died in Boynton Beach, Florida of pneumonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18390001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18390001" title="Penobscot Valley High School">
Penobscot Valley High School

Penobscot Valley High School (PVHS) is a 9–12 school serving approximately 238 students in Howland, Maine. PVHS also employs approximately 28 teachers. PVHS is the only 9-12 school in SAU 31.
Notable Achievements.
On December 4, 2008, Usnews.com released their latest list of "Best High Schools" in the United States. Users were also able to search state by state, and Penobscot Valley High School was ranked the 8th best school in Maine. Penobscot Valley was also the only High School in Penobscot County, that was mentioned on the list. P.V.H.S. was awarded a "Bronze" overall, from "U.S. News".
"Spring Fling".
"Spring Fling" is a large event for Penobscot Valley students. At the beginning of every spring, there is a day dedicated to activities that students can participate in including a 3 Point Shootout, a Root Beer Chug, a Dodge Ball Tournament, etc. Points are scored for each class for winning each game. At the end of the day, the winning team is announced.
George Sereyko Memorial Gymnasium.
George Sereyko Memorial Gymnasium, or the Big Gym, is a standard sized gymnasium. The Big Gym is the separation point for HMS and PVHS. The Big Gym is technically a part of the high school, but when unoccupied, students from HMS will use it. In the winter of 2007–08, water began to leak underneath the gym floor. This caused large bubbles to form under the wood, destroying the floor. The 50-year-old floor was replaced by a new, shock absorbent floor.
Local sports.
PVHS students have an opportunity to play many different sports consisting of: Basketball, Baseball, Volleyball, Cheer leading, Soccer, Softball, Football and Wrestling. Varsity Basketball is a big sport for the small town school, where often parents, grandparents, friends, teachers, and towns people come out to cheer on their home team the "Howlers". There is also a local football team that plays at "Libby Field" right across from Penobscot Valley High School. This football team is in a private league, a league located in Aroostook County.
Renovation of 2007.
In the summer of 2007, PVHS underwent a massive renovation, before this, the school had many problems. The school had a very limited heating system, leaving students forced to wear jackets into class. Roofs would leak in the cramped classrooms. The renovation gave the school a complete makeover. The schools walls and roofs were redone, leaving a state approved infrastructure. Old tiles in the hallways were replaced with newer ones. The renovation left the school more atheistically pleasing. The old Workshop room, abandoned, was transformed into a new music building. Before the renovation, students had to walk outside into a separate building to go to their music classes. Under the hood changes included an advanced heating system, with a digital thermostat in every room. Solar panels were also installed into the main building during 2008 to lower the cost of electricity. 
"The Portables".
"The Portables", are a series of portable classrooms connected by a covered boardwalk. Several district services are housed in the portables. PVHS is the only school known to have a boardwalk that goes entirely along the portable class rooms.

</doc>
<doc id="18390005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18390005" title="Rosalie Ward">
Rosalie Ward

Rosalie Ward is an American actress, most known for her role as Sloane Capshaw in "Saints & Sinners". Ward has also worked on several films such as "Kids in America", "Why Germany?" and "Palo Alto". She has also appeared as a guest star on the television series "" and "Grey's Anatomy".

</doc>
<doc id="18390007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18390007" title="Sports rorts affair">
Sports rorts affair

The "sports rorts" affair was the name by which Australian media and political commentators came to refer to events during the second Keating ministry in late 1993 and early 1994, where the then Sports Minister, Ros Kelly, was unable to appropriately explain the distribution of federal sporting grants to marginal electorates held by the governing Australian Labor Party. It led to a textbook demonstration of individual ministerial responsibility where, on 28 February 1994, Kelly resigned from her position under consistent pressure from the Australian Democrats and the Liberal opposition about the matter. Ultimately, the controversy also led to her resignation from Parliament and, at the resulting by-election on 25 March 1995, the government lost the normally safe Labor seat of Canberra.
In December 1993, the Auditor-General complained about the manner in which the Department had administered A$30 million of grants under the Community Cultural, Recreational and Sporting Facilities Program, which had been initiated by Graham Richardson in 1988. The Auditor-General reported that he could not find any documentation explaining the rationale for grants made by Kelly's department, and therefore could not assess her decision-making procedures. The opposition, led by John Hewson and Peter Costello, claimed in Parliament that the money had been directed into marginal Labor-held electorates before the 1993 federal election as a pork barrelling exercise. Initially, she avoided answering questions on the matter, but she relented following threats by the Australian Democrats to vote for a Liberal proposition establishing a Senate inquiry if she did not give evidence to a House of Representatives committee. During the enquiry, she said that she had assessed 2,800 submissions for funding on the sole basis of verbal advice from her staff, and that decisions on short-listed applications had been made on a "great big whiteboard" in her office, having been erased without permanent record once the decisions were made. The 12-person committee, despite having a Labor majority, ultimately found on 7 February 1994 that her actions were "not illegal" but her administration was "deficient".
On 21 February 1994, following changes to Australian House of Representatives Question Time which created a roster for ministers to appear in the House, the Liberals, led by Hewson and Costello, used the opportunity to demand her resignation. On 28 February, she did so, although Keating continued to support her, speaking out on 3 March 1994 accusing the Senate of holding the Government to ransom.
Eleven months later, Kelly resigned from parliament, triggering a 1995 by-election. A 16.1% swing against Labor in the normally comfortably safe Labor seat resulted in the election of Liberal challenger Brendan Smyth on 25 March 1995. Labor was heavily defeated in the 1996 election, but Bob McMullan regained Canberra for Labor while Smyth failed to win the new seat of Namadgi.

</doc>
<doc id="18390011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18390011" title="Blue tetra">
Blue tetra

Blue Tetra is a common name used for various species of tetra including:

</doc>
<doc id="18390026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18390026" title="Touqianzhuang Station">
Touqianzhuang Station

The Taipei Metro Touqianzhuang Station is a station on the Xinzhuang Line and a planned transfer station with the future Circular Line located in Xinzhuang District, New Taipei, Taiwan. The station opened for service on January 5, 2012.
Station overview.
This three-level, underground station has an island platform. It is located beneath the intersection of Zhongzheng Rd. and Siyuan Rd. It was scheduled to open in March 2012 along with most of the Xinzhuang Line, but opened earlier for service on January 5, 2012.
It is a planned transfer station with the Circular Line, which will have an elevated platform. It is scheduled to open in 2015.
Construction.
Excavation depth for this station is . It is in length and wide. The platform is meters long. It has six entrances, one accessibility elevator, and two vent shafts. Two of the entrances are connected with an existing pedestrian underpass.
The station is constructed under the existing Siyuan Road pedestrian passage. In addition, the location of the station includes many utility pipelines that could not be relocated. Thus, due to the limited construction area, the station was not constructed using the cut-and-cover method employed in other stations. Instead, construction used the pipe jacking method from sidewalks, outer lanes of roads, and the spaces between Dahan Bridge piers.
Design.
The theme for the station is "Thousands of sails: North Taiwan's Xinzhuang port". Entrances are constructed from glass, steel frames, aluminum plates, and metal.

</doc>
<doc id="18390038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18390038" title="Xbox (disambiguation)">
Xbox (disambiguation)

Xbox is a series of video game consoles created by Microsoft. As of 2014, three home consoles have been released.
Xbox may also refer to:
Other uses

</doc>
<doc id="18390077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18390077" title="Leprostatic agent">
Leprostatic agent

A Leprostatic agent is a drug that interferes with proliferation of the bacterium that causes leprosy.
The following agents are leprostatic agents:
Leprosy is a chronic infectious disease caused by Mycobacterium leprae. Host defenses are crucial in determining the patient’s response to the disease, the clinical presentation, and the bacillary load. These factors also influence the length of therapy and the risk of adverse reactions to medication.
M. leprae cannot be grown on routine laboratory culture media, so drug sensitivity testing in vitro is not possible. Growth and drug susceptibility testing are done by injecting into animal models. One description of a clinical picture that results from tuberculoid leprosy is characterized by intact cell-mediated immunity, a positive lepromin skin reaction, granuloma formation, and a relative paucity of bacilli.
At the other extreme, lepromatous leprosy is characterized by depressed cell-mediated immunity, numerous bacilli within the tissues, no granulomas, and a negative skin test for lepromin. Within these two extremes are the patients with an intermediate or borderline form of leprosy who show a variable lepromin reaction and few bacilli; they may progress to either tuberculoid or lepromatous
leprosy.
Kinds of antileprotic drugs.
Current recommendations for the treatment of leprosy suggest multidrug regimens rather than monotherapy because such a regimen has proven to be more effective, delays the emergence of resistance, prevents relapse, and shortens the duration of therapy. Established agents used in the treatment of leprosy are dapsone, clofazimine, and rifampicin. Treatment of tuberculoid
leprosy is continued for at least 1 to 2 years, while patients with lepromatous leprosy are generally treated for 5 years. In addition to chemotherapy, patients with leprosy need psychosocial support, rehabilitation, and surgical repair of any disfiguration.
Dapsone and Sulfones.
The sulfones are structural analogues of PABA and are competitive inhibitors of folic acid synthesis. Sulfones are bacteriostatic and are used only in the treatment of leprosy. Dapsone (Avlosulfon) is the most widely used sulfone for the long-term therapy of leprosy. Although the sulfones are highly effective against most strains of M. leprae, a small number of organisms, especially those found in lepromatous leprosy patients, are less susceptible and can persist for many years, resulting in relapse. Before the introduction of current multidrug regimens, resistance rates were as high as 20% with dapsone monotherapy.
Sulfones, such as dapsone and sulfoxone (Diasone), are well absorbed orally and are widely distributed throughout body fluids and tissues. Peak concentrations of dapsone are reached within 1 to 3 hours of oral administration and have a half-life of 21 to 44 hours; about 50% of administered dapsone is bound to serum proteins. The sulfones tend to remain in the skin, muscle, kidney, and liver up to 3 weeks after therapy is stopped. The concentration in inflamed skin is 10 to 15 times higher than that found in normal skin. The sulfones are retained in the circulation for a long time (12–35 days) because of hepatobiliary drug recirculation. The sulfones are acetylated in the liver, and 70 to 80% of drug is excreted in the urine as metabolites.
Dapsone, combined with other antileprosy agents like rifampicin and clofazimine, is used in the treatment of both multibacillary and paucibacillary M. leprae infections.
Dapsone is also used in the treatment and prevention of Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia in AIDS patients who are allergic to or intolerant of trimethoprim–sulfamethoxazole. Acedapsone is a derivative of dapsone that has little activity against M. leprae but is converted to an active dapsone metabolite. It is a long-acting intramuscular repository form of dapsone with a half-life of 46 days. It may prove useful in leprosy patients who cannot tolerate long-term oral dapsone therapy.
The sulfones can produce non-hemolytic anemia, methemoglobinemia, and sometimes acute hemolytic anemia in persons with a glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency. Within a few weeks of therapy some patients may develop acute skin lesions described as sulfone syndrome or dapsone dermatitis. Some rare side effects include fever, pruritus, paresthesia, reversible neuropathy, and hepatotoxicity.
Clofazimine.
Clofazimine is a weakly bactericidal dye that has some activity against M. leprae. Its precise mechanism of action is unknown but may involve mycobacterial DNA binding. Its oral absorption is quite variable, with 9 to 70% of the drug eliminated in the feces. Clofazimine achieves significant concentrations in tissues, including the phagocytic cells; it has a plasma half-life of 70 days. It is primarily excreted in bile, with less than 1% excretion in urine.
Clofazimine is given to treat sulfone-resistant leprosy or to patients who are intolerant to sulfones. It also exerts an antiinflammatory effect and prevents erythema nodosum leprosum, which can interrupt treatment with dapsone. This is a major advantage of clofazimine over other antileprosy drugs. Ulcerative lesions caused by Mycobacterium ulcerans respond well to clofazimine. It also has some activity against M. tuberculosis and can be used as last resort therapy for the treatment of MDR tuberculosis. The most disturbing adverse reaction to clofazimine is a red-brown discoloration of the skin, especially in
light-skinned persons. A rare but serious adverse reaction is acute abdominal pain significant enough to warrant exploratory laparotomy or laparoscopy. Other infrequent side effects include splenic infarction, bowel obstruction, paralytic ileus, and upper GI bleeding.
Ethionamide and Prothionamide.
Ethionamide and prothionamide are weakly bacteriocidal against M. leprae and can be used as alternatives to clofazimine in the treatment of MDR leprosy. Both cause GI intolerance and are expensive.

</doc>
<doc id="18390079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18390079" title="Robert Cruickshank">
Robert Cruickshank

Robert Cruickshank may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18390084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18390084" title="USS Castle Rock (AVP-35)">
USS Castle Rock (AVP-35)

USS "Castle Rock" (AVP-35) was a United States Navy "Barnegat"-class small seaplane tender in commission from 1944 to 1946.
Construction and commissioning.
"Castle Rock" was laid down on 12 July 1943 at Houghton, Washington, by the Lake Washington Shipyard, and was launched on 11 March 1944, sponsored by Mrs. R. W. Cooper. She commissioned on 8 October 1944 with Commander G. S. James, Jr., in command.
U.S. Navy service 1944-1946.
World War II.
"Castle Rock" stood out of San Diego, California, on 18 December 1944 bound for Pearl Harbor, Hawaii, and Eniwetok, where she arrived on 28 January 1945. Assigned to escort convoys between Saipan, Guam, and Ulithi Atoll until 20 March 1945, "Castle Rock" then took up duties of tending seaplanes at Saipan. Her seaplanes carried out varied air operations, including reconnaissance, search, and hunter-killer activities, while "Castle Rock" herself also performed local escort duties.
Post-World War II.
On 28 November 1945, "Castle Rock" sailed from Saipan for Guam, where she embarked a group assigned to study Japanese defenses on Chichi Jima and Truk. This continued until 5 January 1946, when "Castle Rock" returned to seaplane tender operations at Saipan.
"Castle Rock" left Saipan on 9 March 1946, arriving at San Francisco, California, on 27 March 1946. She was decommissioned there on 6 August 1946
United States Coast Guard service 1948-1971.
On 16 September 1948, "Castle Rock" was loaned to the United States Coast Guard, which commissioned her on 18 December 1948 as the cutter USCGC "Castle Rock" (WAVP-383), later being reclassified as a high endurance cutter and redesinated WHEC-383. While in Coast Guard service, her primary duty was to patrol ocean stations, reporting weather data and engaging in search-and-rescue and law-enforcement operations. She also performed combat duty in the Vietnam War for a few months in 1971. The Coast Guard decommissioned her on 21 December 1971.
Foreign service.
South Vietnamese service.
On 21 December 1971, "Castle Rock" was transferred to South Vietnam, which commissioned her as patrol vessel RVNS "Tran Binh Trong" (HQ-05). In January 1974, "Tran Binh Trong" was part of a South Vietnamese that fought in the Paracel Islands against ships of the People's Republic of China in the Battle of the Paracel Islands.
When the South Vietnamese government collapsed at the end of the Vietnam War in 1975, "Tran Binh Trong" fled to the Philippines.
Philippine Navy service.
In 5 April 1976, the ship was transferred to the Republic of the Philippines, and on 23 June 1979 which commissioned her into the Philippine Navy as frigate RPS (later BRP) "Francisco Dagohoy" (PF-10), serving as such until decommissioned in June 1985. She was discarded in March 1993, and probably scrapped.

</doc>
<doc id="18390089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18390089" title="Russula adusta">
Russula adusta

Russula adusta is a species of mushroom.

</doc>
<doc id="18390097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18390097" title="Sunny Anderson">
Sunny Anderson

Sunny Anderson (born April 9, 1975) is a Food Network personality. She began hosting "How'd That Get On My Plate?" in July 2008. She also hosts the Food Network program "Cooking for Real" (beginning in April 2008), and served as co-host with Marc Istook of the Food Network program "Gotta Get It" (beginning in April 2007).
Early life.
Sunny Anderson was born in New Orleans, Louisiana and grew up as an Army brat, which allowed her to travel the world (living in Germany and other places) and sample many local cuisines with her parents, who were food enthusiasts. She attended Madison High School in San Antonio, Texas and upon her graduation she joined the United States Air Force in June 1993, where she earned the rank of Senior Airman and worked as a military radio host in Seoul, South Korea, then worked for Air Force News Agency radio and television in San Antonio from 1993 to 1997. She was honorably discharged from the Air Force in June 1997.
Career.
Between 1995 and 2001 Anderson worked as a radio personality at KCJZ and KONO-FM in San Antonio, WYLD-FM and KUMX in Fort Polk, Louisiana, WJWZ in Montgomery, Alabama, and WDTJ in Detroit, Michigan.
Anderson settled in New York City in 2001 at the age of 26, and worked as a radio personality for HOT 97 (WQHT) in New York City from 2001 to 2003. From 2003 to 2005 she was the owner of Sunny's Delicious Dishes, a catering company based in Jersey City, New Jersey.
She first appeared on the Food Network in October 2005 (as a guest on the "Emeril Live" program) and began hosting "How'd That Get On My Plate?" in July 2008. She also hosts the Food Network program "Cooking for Real" (beginning in April 2008), and served as co-host with Marc Istook of the Food Network program "Gotta Get It" (beginning in April 2007).
In 2006 and 2007 she served as Food & Lifestyle Editor for "Hip Hop Weekly" magazine.
Anderson has been a guest on the "CBS Morning Show" (in April 2008) and "Good Morning America" (in July 2008). Anderson currently lives in Brooklyn, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="18390136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18390136" title="Jasmine Villegas">
Jasmine Villegas

Jasmine Marie Villegas (born December 7, 1993), also referred to simply as Jasmine V, is an American R&B, pop singer. After many years of pursuing a career in music, she was signed to Sony Music at the age of 16.
Career.
At the age of 9, Villegas accepted her first acting job, acting in a commercial for the hit animated feature "The Land Before Time IX". Her first professional singing gig was at age 11, when she performed the national anthem for the Los Angeles Clippers. Later that year she signed with Damon Dash and worked extensively on a debut that was slated to feature collaborations from label-mate and former Missy Elliott protégée, Nicole Wray. She made an appearance in Justin Bieber's music video for his hit single "Baby," and Bieber and Villegas were in a secret relationship which she revealed in an interview in April 2012. She has made appearances in Justin's US tour and on the Kids' Choice Awards with him.
As of 2013, Jasmine V has recently signed to Interscope Records. Villegas appeared alongside American rapper Becky G, on the cover of "Latina" magazine's February 2014 issue.
Her brand new EP is due in the spring time.

</doc>
<doc id="18390142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18390142" title="John Tarnue">
John Tarnue

Brigadier John S. Tarnue is a former Liberian military officer. Tarnue was the Commanding General of the Armed Forces of Liberia (AFL) from 1999-2003 (Second Liberian Civil War). Tarnue lost his position in 2003 when Charles Taylor resigned from power.
Travel ban by the United Nations.
Tarnue's name was among 130 Liberian officials banned from travel in June 2001 by the United Nations Security Council during the Second Liberian Civil War.
Honoring.
Tarnue was among several former AFL officers honored on 25 July 2006 by the government of Liberia for honorable service.
Land invasion allegation.
Reverend Tijli Tarty Tyee alleged during testimony in front of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission of Liberia that Tarnue and the soldiers under his command invaded Tyee's land in 1999 while also severely beating Rev. Tyee. Tarnue's family alleged control of the land, citing a sale by Gabriel Duncan.
Special Court for Sierra Leone.
Tarnue testified against the Revolutionary United Front in front of the Special Court for Sierra Leone. Tarnue was portrayed as the "right hand man" of former President Taylor. After testifying, Tarnue was relocated with his family to an undisclosed country.

</doc>
<doc id="18390145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18390145" title="Moodie">
Moodie

Moodie is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18390156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18390156" title="Osmanistan">
Osmanistan

Osmanistan was a hypothetical name that was proposed by Choudhary Rahmat Ali (but which never materialised) for an independent state to be created as a successor to the Princely State of Hyderabad which existed in the Presidencies and Provinces of British India before the departure of the British. The princely states that existed before independence of India in 1947 were given the choice of joining one of the new dominions, Pakistan or India, or in some cases, remain independent. The Nizam of Hyderabad initially chose to join neither India nor Pakistan. He later declared Hyderabad a free, self-governing independent state but the Government of India refused to accept his point of view as Hyderabad was surrounded by India on all sides and did not have an access to sea. When the Indian Army invaded his princely State on 13 September 1948 (see Operation Polo), his forces were unable to withstand the Indian army and were defeated. The Nizam was forced to accept accession to India. The former princely state was reorganised in 1956 and its territories are now parts of the current Indian states of Maharashtra and Karnataka.
History.
At the time of partition of British India and cessation of the British suzerainty over the princely states of India, the states had the choice of joining one of the new dominions, Pakistan or India, or remaining independent as per Article 2.4 of the Indian Independence Act 1947 passed by British parliament.
The Princely State of Hyderabad was a majority Hindu princely state with a Muslim ruler, Nizam Osman Ali Khan. Its politics were dominated by Muslim elite. The Muslim nobility and the Ittehad-ul-Muslimeen, a powerful pro-Nizam Muslim party, insisted that Hyderabad must remain an independent state and stand on an equal footing to India and Pakistan. The Nizam was persuaded by the last British Viceroy, Lord Mountbatten not to join Pakistan. 
The Nizam chose for his state to remain independent. He issued a "firman" announcing that Hyderabad would remain independent and not join the Union of India but the Government of India rejected the firman, terming it a "legalistic claim of doubtful validity". His minister Kasim Razvi unfurled the Asafia Flag and declared that the flag was the emblem of the suzerainty of God on earth. The Deccan Chronicle newspaper of Hyderabad reported on 24 June 1947, "His Exalted Highness will assume Sovereign status and powers on or about August 15, 1947, by which time it is expected that the Indian and Pakistan areas would have assumed the status of Dominions of the British Common Wealth." The word "Osmanistan" was never used.
On 13 September 1948 the Indian Army entered Hyderabad, which was unable to withstand the attack and was quickly overrun, with the last Nizam of Hyderabad Osman Ali Khan, Asaf Jah VII forced to surrender and accept accession to India.
For the reason of frailty, the idea of Osmanistan in Choudhary Rahmat Ali's scheme, was eventually let off in the demand for Pakistan as it was "impracticable" (because Hyderabad was surrounded by India on all sides and did not have an access to sea.) 
The former princely state Hyderabad was reorganised in 1956 and its territories are now parts of the current Indian states of Maharashtra, Karnataka and Telangana.
Rahmat Ali’s plan.
Chaudhry's scheme did not initially call for an Osmanistan. Later, on 8 March 1940, he proposed a new scheme for the establishment of Pakistan, Bangalistan (East Bengal) and Osmanistan. After the Muslim League's acceptance of the British partition plan on 3 June 1947 he issued a statement six days later called "The Great Betrayal" in asking for the rejection of the British plan and the acceptance of his Pakistan plan "to prevent the great evil of Hindu hegemony on Indian Muslims". In the end the British plan was accepted, and his was rejected for the aforementioned pragmatic reasons. 
Choudhry Rahmat Ali lived most of his adult life in England and came to Pakistan only on 6 April 1948. Ironically he was ordered by the Pakistani Prime Minister Liaqat Ali Khan to leave the country. His belongings were confiscated and he left empty-handed for England in October 1948. He died in February 1951 and was buried on 20 February at Newmarket Road Cemetery, Cambridge, UK.
See also.
Operation Polo
Andhra Pradesh

</doc>
<doc id="18390170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18390170" title="Chuck Valenches">
Chuck Valenches

Chuck Valenches is a minor league baseball radio broadcaster and voice actor. He most recently served as a play-by-play announcer for the Nashville Sounds, the Triple-A affiliate of the Milwaukee Brewers based in Nashville, Tennessee, from 1998 to 2009.
Valenches began his career in 1992 as announcer of the Class-A Midwest League's Kane County Cougars a Single-A affiliate of the Baltimore Orioles. From 1993 to 1995, he was the announcer for the High Desert Mavericks in the Class A California League (Florida Marlins, Baltimore Orioles). In 1996, he moved to the Double-A Jacksonville Suns, the Double-A affiliate of the Detroit Tigers of the Southern League, where he remained through 1997.
During his time in Jacksonville, Valenches also provided play-by-play for the televised "Southern League Game-of-the-Month" and the Jacksonville University baseball team.
In 1998, Valenches began providing commentary for the Triple-A Nashville Sounds of the Pacific Coast League. He was promoted to the lead play-by-play spot in 2000. He was part of the broadcast team for the 2001 Triple-A All-Star Game in Indianapolis, Indiana and as the play-by-play broadcaster for the "2001 City of Hope Softball Game" broadcast on Country Music Television (CMT) and CMT Canada.
Valenches appeared as an announcer in the 3DO Sports video game series "High Heat Baseball" from 2002 to 2004.
In 2008 and 2009 Valenches was the broadcaster for the Atlantic Sun Conference NCAA Men's and Women's Basketball Tournament, serving as the play-by-play broadcaster for all tournament games over four days outside of the Men's Championship game. The tournament was aired on the web-based A-Sun TV.

</doc>
<doc id="18390192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18390192" title="LA Weekly Detour Music Festival">
LA Weekly Detour Music Festival

The LA Weekly Detour Music Festival was a music festival that was held every October in Los Angeles, California. The entire block surrounding Los Angeles City Hall was closed off and three stages were erected for the festival, which lasted from noon to midnight on the day it was held. It was notable for attracting many big name acts despite its status as a relatively young festival. The festival had been held every October since 2006. The website underwent a large change in July 2008 when the lineup for the third festival was announced. New for the 2008 festival was the BYOB (Bring Your Own Band) Battle of the Bands competition, which features online voting to pick an unsigned artist to play the festival in 2008. On August 18, 2009 the LA Weekly announced via their website that the festival would not take place in 2009 since it has been put "on hiatus".
Lineups.
Bands billed as headliners are bolded.
Returning Artists.
The only act from 2006's Detour Festival to return in 2007 was Travis Keller, who had DJ sets both years. Nico Vega also performed at both the 2007 and 2008 festivals.

</doc>
<doc id="18390214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18390214" title="Tweedsmuir (disambiguation)">
Tweedsmuir (disambiguation)

Tweedsmuir may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18390223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18390223" title="Post-monotheism">
Post-monotheism

In the philosophy of religion and theology, post-monotheism (from Greek "one" and "god," with the Latin prefix "post-" as in "after" or "beyond") is a term covering a range of different meanings that nonetheless share concern for the status of faith and religious experience in the modern or post-modern era. There is no one originator for the term. Rather, it has independently appeared in the writings of several intellectuals on the Internet and in print. Its most notable use has been in the poetry of Palestinian author Nidaa Khoury, and as a label for a "new sensibility" or theological approach proposed by the Islamic historian Christopher Schwartz.
Martin Heidegger.
The Dutch philosopher Herman Philipse, author of "The Atheist Manifesto (Atheistisch manifest & De onredelijkheid van religie)" (2004), uses the term "post-monotheism" to describe Martin Heidegger's position vis-a-vis traditional Christianity as a "failing tradition" obscuring an "original revelation of being." In Philipse's formulation, "post-monotheism" signifies "the attempt to replace the Christian religion by a different variety of religious discourse, the meaning of which is parasitic upon the monotheist Christian discourse that it intends to destroy."
D. H. Lawrence and Shinobu Orikuchi.
Hiroaki Inami, a blogger and professor of philosophy at the University of Tokyo, uses the term "post-monotheism" to describe the religious viewpoints of the writers D. H. Lawrence and Shinobu Orikuchi. Inami interprets Lawrence’s "The Escaped Cock" (1929) and Orikuchi’s "The Book of the Dead" (1997) as presenting "a vision and a possibility of a new universal religion, which is, in a sense, a fusion of polytheism and monotheism. But from the viewpoint of a theory of discrete difference, their new religions are post-polytheism and post-monotheism and can be called new polytheism (or super-polytheism)."
Christopher Schwartz.
In Christopher Schwartz's formulation, "post-monotheism" is the belief in the existence of one deity, or in the oneness of God, coupled with the belief in the failure (or inability) of existing theological categories in Christianity and Islam to accurately describe divine nature. According to Schwartz, the paucity of theological language is most evident during human suffering and should thus be considered a major barrier for religious experience.
Schwartz's concept of post-monotheism opposes the "post-theism" formulated by Frank Hugh Foster and the notion "God is dead" from Heidegger and Friedrich Nietzsche. It has similarities to the "transtheistic" ideas of Paul Tillich and Heinrich Zimmer, as well as possibly open theism. However, its program is decidedly different from the existentialism of the former and the evangelism of the latter. Rather, it appears to be an application to traditional theodicy of pragmatist and post-modernist philosophy, as well as cognitive psychology and transhumanist futurology. In particular, Schwartz's post-monotheism appears to have its roots in Richard Rorty's "Contingency, Irony, and Solidarity" (1989), and has avowedly mystical aspirations.
Schwartz uses the phrase in the essay, "The Historian's Theodicy". In this essay he explores several problems of religious experience and the study of religion, e.g., "None of us can know with certainty that atheists and nontheists aren’t experiencing God — or that we monotheists "are"." From the deconstruction of traditional theodicy and hierology he derives eight "axioms":
Fundamental to this brand of post-monotheism is the author's assertion, "God is an enigma and power beyond the human yet is accessible [...] Spiritual experience flies in the face of historical experience: whatever 'God' is, it is concerned for us — and it is reaching out to us."
A central motif of Schwartz's post-monotheism is the analogy of God as a playwright or "storywriter," in essence the opposite of both the deist watchmaker analogy and what Schwartz describes as "ultra-transcendent, legalistic, and cruel visages" of religious fundamentalism. According to the "storywriter" analogy, God and the Creation are "in partnership." Schwartz gives the example of William Shakespeare's fictional character Hamlet, arguing that the character's dying words are metafictional and thus fitting for what he believes to be the actual nature of humanity's relation to the Godhead.

</doc>
<doc id="18390251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18390251" title="International Medical Equipment Collaborative">
International Medical Equipment Collaborative

International Medical Equipment Collaborative (IMEC) is a 501(c)(3) non profit organization that provides medical equipment to doctors and nurses working hospitals and clinics in impoverished areas worldwide. IMEC is in North Andover, Massachusetts, United States, where volunteers sort, repair, package and ship donated medical supplies and equipment to international medical personnel. Through partnerships with various humanitarian organizations IMEC has been delivering medical supplies for 14 years. IMEC is known for providing medical supplies that doctors request for their patients.
History.
Founded in 1995, IMEC started in the garage of now IMEC's President, Thomas Keefe. A former hospital administrator, Tom Keefe collected surplus medical equipment caused by hospitals closing, downsizing and eliminating entire services. With the help of humanitarian organizations, this acquired surplus was channeled to developing countries worldwide. Sustained mostly by volunteers, IMEC has grown extensively over the years refurbishing medical equipment and shipping worldwide.
"Between October 1996 and October 1997, IMEC brought about $1.6 million worth of equipment into its warehouse, which used to be a giant machine shop. It also relied on 10,000 hours of volunteer time from individuals and organizations such as churches and service groups."
In 2004, IMEC introduced the Center of Health Initiative where IMEC would work with shepherding organizations to identify an empty hospital and retrofit it with basic health care services. By using surplus equipment from hospitals and clinics in the United States, IMEC is able to keep costs low while still providing the equipment needed. IMEC collaborates with the shepherding organization to ensure customs papers for a country are properly completed, as well as securing an offloading procedure in the destination country. 
"IMEC's Centers of Health Initiative provides developing nations with a replicable, integrated model for sustaining medical care and health education that is efficient and economical. These centers stabilize existing services, expand the range of services, improve access to health care, and advance the health status of the population over time."
IMEC moved from several small storage facilities to a warehouse in North Andover Massachusetts in 2007 where they are currently located. The warehouse serves as the collection, refurbishing and distribution center for IMEC. IMEC currently ships 75 containers to 75 countries yearly through numerous shepherding organizations. 
IMEC has been consistently nominated for the "Gates Award for Global Health" given by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation. Additionally, recently, IMEC received the 2010 Amoud Foundation Annual Achievement Award (AAA).
IMEC Process.
IMEC operates under a 5-step plan: Assessment, Acquisition, Preparation, Packaging, and Shipping.
Assessment.
The process begins when a shepherding group identifies a hospital in need and contacts IMEC to request service. IMEC’s assessment volunteers have many years of experience in working with hospitals in the developing world. IMEC and the sponsoring humanitarian organization work with hospital personnel to assess the hospital’s needs and to create a plan for its rejuvenation. The plan lists only the needed types of medical support – maternity, surgical, dental, eye care, etc. – and IMEC uses that plan to begin the process of equipment acquisition and preparation. Shepherding groups are often established humanitarian organizations, church groups, or in-country health system willing to support a project over a three- to five-year period.
Acquisition.
The medical equipment and supplies that IMEC delivers come from a variety of sources. The majority of items donated to IMEC come from hospitals and medical equipment companies across the United States. Hospitals that are reorganizing often find themselves discarding fully functional medical devices that have been replaced with newer models. Medical equipment companies introducing new lines are left with unsold warehouse stock of discontinued devices. IMEC’s Acquisition Department offers its services to these companies and hospitals by taking their surplus equipment and bringing it to IMEC, where it is distributed according to the needs of the different projects. From time to time, a required piece of equipment is not available from donations, so it is purchased from the manufacturers. Often, these manufacturers offer this equipment at a discount, in order to aid IMEC's mission.
Preparation.
IMEC collects the equipment and brings it to its workshop and distribution center in North Andover, MA, where volunteers clean it, make sure it’s fully functional, and organize it for suite assembly. Used equipment is repaired as needed by skilled technical volunteers, many of whom are retired electrical engineers and medical technicians. Linens and medical supplies are sorted and organized into packages designed by nurses and physicians for the requirements of each suite.
Packaging.
IMEC's workshop volunteers organize the equipment and supplies into complete medical suites, packed onto pallets for shipment. For example, a labor and maternity suite includes all of the equipment and supplies necessary for a basic delivery room. Each suite is packed to fit onto pallets, taking one or two pallets per suite.
Shipping.
Twenty pallets fit into a standard 40’ container, which allows IMEC to ship between sixteen and twenty suites in one container—enough to completely equip a clinic. Nine containers will carry enough equipment, furnishings and supplies to equip an entire hospital.
Volunteer-based organization.
IMEC is made up of volunteers supported by a small staff. Funded by donations from individuals as well as corporations, IMEC is able to sustain its activities. IMEC's volunteers come from corporate service teams, retired medical professionals and interested individuals. This donation of time, effort, and expertise allows IMEC to efficiently and effectively carry out all aspects of the project. Experienced volunteers perform in-country hospital assessments and acquire needed medical equipment. Any necessary repairs to the equipment are done by volunteers who bring skill sets that include sewing, electronics, or the simple willingness to clean the marks of previous use. Volunteers perform the final packaging and shipping, down to the last act of loading the pallets by forklift into shipping containers destined for impoverished hospitals worldwide.
IMEC Worldwide.
Over the years IMEC has shipped many containers worldwide with numerous shepherding groups.
Registration and Funding in the United States.
IMEC is a 501(c)(3)non-profit organization registered in the USAID Private Voluntary Organizations (PVO). IMEC was officially recognized by USAID on 23 November 2001 and a report of financial activities is presented within the registry. IMEC receives its funding from corporate grants and private donations.
Donated Equipment.
IMEC is supported by private and corporate donations. Donations come in the form of medical equipment, volunteers and financial grants. The "Acquisition" step of IMEC's 5-step plan comes from a variety of corporate donors. Endoscopic tools, dental equipment, neonatal and pediatric products, stretchers, and furniture are some of the donated equipment IMEC collects and redistributes abroad.

</doc>
<doc id="18390300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18390300" title="Diucifon">
Diucifon

Diucifon is a leprostatic agent.

</doc>
<doc id="18390305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18390305" title="2009 MLS All-Star Game">
2009 MLS All-Star Game

The 2009 Major League Soccer All-Star Game was the 14th consecutive MLS All-Star Game. The MLS All-Stars faced Everton of the Premier League on July 29, 2009. The match ended in a 1–1 draw at full-time and went to an immediate penalty shootout, which Everton won 4–3. Everton's American goalkeeper Tim Howard, who saved three kicks in the shootout, was named MVP of the match. This was the first win for an international club team in six tries against the MLS All-Stars.
Host.
Major League Soccer announced on July 9, 2008 that Rio Tinto Stadium, the League's newest soccer-specific venue, would host the 2009 MLS All-Star Game in the summer of 2009. MLS President Mark Abbott joined Real Salt Lake Owner David W. Checketts, Utah Governor Jon M. Huntsman, Jr., and Sandy Mayor Tom Dolan at a press conference at the new Stadium to officially announce the event. This was the first MLS All-Star Game held in Utah.
MLS All-Stars voting.
Like the previous year, the MLS All-Star First XI was determined by an online fan voting system which accounted for 25% of the total vote, with players, coaches and general managers, and the media each holding 25% of the vote. The fan voting period opened May 13, 2009 and ended July 6, 2009. Two weeks into the fan voting period, Seattle Sounders FC players made up nine of the 11 top vote-getters, with Kasey Keller as the overall leader in total votes.
After the end of the voting period, Freddie Ljungberg received the most fan votes. The fan's first XI included Kasey Keller(Seattle), Chad Marshall (Columbus), Wilman Conde (Chicago), Geoff Cameron (Houston), Guillermo Barros Schelotto (Columbus), Stuart Holden (Houston), Freddie Ljungberg (Seattle), Shalrie Joseph (New England), Dwayne De Rosario (Toronto), Conor Casey (Colorado), and Landon Donovan (Los Angeles). The additional seven players were chosen by head coach Dominic Kinnear of Houston and the Commissioner Don Garber.
2009 MLS All-Star Game Rosters.
Major League Soccer.
The 2009 MLS All-Star First XI was announced in a special episode of "MLSnet.com Extra Time", which aired 3 p.m. ET on Monday, July 13, 2009. On the following Monday, July 20, 2009, All-Star coach Dominic Kinnear and his assistants chose five additional players, with MLS Commissioner Don Garber adding the two final players to the 18-man roster. The All-Stars are:
As of July 26, 2009. Players in bold denotes First XI status.
♦
♣
♣
‡
♣^
†
† - De Rosario was not available for the 2009 MLS All-Star game due to a Toronto FC CONCACAF Champions League game.
‡ - Blanco was chosen to take the place of De Rosario, being the next-highest vote getter in the midfield position.
♦ - "Commissioner's Picks", chosen by MLS Commissioner Don Garber.
♣ - Players selected by All-Star Coach Dominic Kinnear.
% - Johnson is an injury replacement for Joseph who suffered a bone bruise in his right knee.
& - Soumare was a replacement for Ching, who was rested after he competed in the 2009 CONCACAF Gold Cup with the US national team.
^ - Zach Thornton replaced Pat Onstad due to injury.
The following players fell short of the MLS All-Star First XI in voting:

</doc>
<doc id="18390312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18390312" title="Desoxyfructo-serotonin">
Desoxyfructo-serotonin

Desoxyfructo-serotonin is a leprostatic agent.

</doc>
<doc id="18390323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18390323" title="Diocese of Dunedin">
Diocese of Dunedin

Diocese of Dunedin may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18390325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18390325" title="Wes Wade">
Wes Wade

Wes Wade (born February 18, 1968) is a retired U.S. soccer player who spent two seasons playing outdoor soccer and fifteen playing indoor soccer. He was a six-time All Star and won five championships with two teams.
Player.
Wade attended Maryville High School in Ohio, graduating in 1986. In 1989, he signed with the Arizona Condors of the Western Soccer League. While the Condors finished well out of playoff contention, Wade tied for second in goal scoring and finished fourth in the league in total points. In the fall of 1989, Wade began his long indoor career with the San Diego Sockers of the Major Indoor Soccer League (MISL). Over the next three seasons, Wade and his team mates won three MISL championships. The league folded after the 1992 season and Wade jumped to the Wichita Wings of the National Professional Soccer League (NPSL). He spent only fifteen days with the Comets before moving to the Detroit Rockers for three months. The Rockers then traded Wade to the Kansas City Attack. Wade added to his championships when the Attack took the 1993 NPSL title. In 1993, the Continental Indoor Soccer League (CISL) was created as summer indoor league. The San Diego Sockers were a founding member and still held Wade’s player rights. However, on June 3, 1993, the Sockers traded Wade to the Arizona Sandsharks for Thompson Usiyan, Alex Golovnia and Nassim Olabi. In the fall of 1993, he rejoined the Attack and remained with that team until it changed its name to the Kansas City Comets in 2001. Wade and the Comets played in the newly reconstructed Major Indoor Soccer League until his retirement following the 2003-2004 season.
Coach.
Wade coached with several youth teams throughout his playing career including the Extreme Faith Soccer Club in Kansas City and the James Madison High School team in 1990 and 1991. On September 13, 2004, Wade became the head coach of the Park University women’s soccer team. He also coaches at The Soccer Academy in Westminster College in Santa Barbara. As of 2010, Wes coaches the Tucson Soccer Academy in Tucson, Arizona
Honors.
All Star

</doc>
<doc id="18390332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18390332" title="C3orf58">
C3orf58

C3orf58 is a human gene. It was highlighted in a screen for genes possibly related to autism. The authors propose that the gene should be renamed Deleted in autism-1 (DIA1). Experiments in a rat neuronal cell culture model suggested that this gene may be regulated directly or indirectly by MEF2 site binding proteins.

</doc>
<doc id="18390334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18390334" title="Jim Hoff">
Jim Hoff

James F. Hoff (born April 16, 1945 in Detroit, Michigan) is a former minor league baseball manager in the Cincinnati Reds organization and current minor league field coordinator for the Tampa Bay Rays.
Playing career.
Hoff attended Xavier University, where he played college baseball for the Xavier Musketeers baseball team. Hoff played professional baseball in the Cincinnati Reds organization in minor league baseball from 1967 through 1972. The Reds moved Dave Concepción from second base to shortstop because Hoff was the superior fielder.
Managing career.
Hoff spent ten years managing various Cincinnati farm teams: the Seattle Rainiers (1973), Billings Mustangs (1974–1976 and 1978–1981), Tampa Tarpons (1977), and Nashville Sounds (1988). After 22 games with Nashville, Hoff was replaced and took up a position in the Reds front office. In 1978, he managed the Mustangs to win the Pioneer League Championship. He became the Toronto Blue Jays minor league pitching instructor in 1997. In 2002, he became the minor league field coordinator for the Tampa Bay Rays.

</doc>
<doc id="18390346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18390346" title="Chris Gutierrez">
Chris Gutierrez

Chris Gutierrez (born Christopher Juno Gutierrez Balbin on 9 May 1992) is a Filipino actor. He is a member of ABS-CBN's Star Magic Batch 13. He is a grandson of to two Philippine showbiz greats, Gloria Romero and Juancho Gutierrez.
Biography.
Family background.
Christopher Gutierrez is a grandson of veteran Filipino actress and former movie queen Gloria Romero. His grandfather is actor Juancho Gutierrez, another Philippine showbiz veteran actor. He is the only son of Maritess, a professional chef, the only daughter of Gloria and Juancho.
Chris was born in Delaware, United States on May 9, 1992. His parents divorced when he was young, and then moved to the Philippines with his mother, leaving behind his dad in Seattle. They now live together with his grandmother Gloria Romero.
Career.
Until the offer from Star Magic came, Chris never considered entering showbiz. He was only 13 when he was contacted by ABS-CBN’s talent management arm. In 2006, he was launched as a member of Star Magic Batch 13 along with 23 other aspiring actors.
The same year, he made guest appearances in ABS-CBN shows: Home Boy, Wowowee and ASAP. He was later cast in ABS-CBN's show, Star Magic Presents: Abt Ur Luv. He plays role of Rickson a love interest to Giselle, played by Zia Marquez. This is the start of the Chris-Zia team up. He and Zia later reprised their respective roles in the follow-up season, Star Magic Presents: Abt Ur Luv Ur Lyf 2.
When Abt Ur Luv ended in 2008. He then starred in the new season of Star Magic Presents, Star Magic Presents: Astigs. Star Magic's Astigs is composed of actors Dino Imperial, AJ Perez, Enchong Dee, Angelo Patrimonio and Chris Gutierrez. All are Star Magic Batch 13 members except for Dee. The show only went on for two mini-seasons, "Astigs in Haay...School Life" and "Astigs in Luvin' Lyf". In Astigs in Luvin' Lyf, Chris was again paired with Zia Marquez.

</doc>
<doc id="18390408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18390408" title="Myron Holley">
Myron Holley

Myron Holley (April 29, 1779 Salisbury, Litchfield County, Connecticut - March 4, 1841 Rochester, Monroe County, New York) was an American politician who had a large part in the construction of the Erie Canal.
Life.
Holley was the son of Luther Holley (1752–1824) and Sarah Dakin Holley (1755–1830). He graduated in 1799 from Williams College.
He was a member from Ontario County of the New York State Assembly in 1816 and 1820-21. He worked with DeWitt Clinton to convince the State Legislature to finance the construction of the Erie Canal. He was among the Erie Canal Commissioners appointed in 1816 to supervise the construction, and was chosen Treasurer of the Canal Commission. He oversaw the construction of the canal in person living with the workers for eight years. 
In 1822 he built the Old Stone Warehouse at Rochester on speculation. In 1824, an audit revealed a shortage of about $30,000 in the canal funds, and Holley resigned on March 30, giving his personal property to make good for part of the shortage. Holley died a pauper in Rochester, New York and was buried in Mount Hope Cemetery. His monument there was paid for by members of the Liberty Party which he likely conceived and had co-founded with John Greenleaf Whittier and others.
Orville L. Holley and Horace Holley (1781-1827), & John Milton Holley (1777–1836), were his brothers.
The village of Holley, New York is named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="18390430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18390430" title="Petro Rabigh">
Petro Rabigh

Rabigh Refining & Petrochemical Company (Petro Rabigh) is a Saudi Arabia-based company which produces and markets refined hydrocarbon and petrochemicals. The company was a joint venture between Saudi Aramco and Sumitomo Chemical which is now publicly held. It is traded on the Saudi Stock Exchange (SAU:2380).
Petro Rabigh's operates a capacity refinery located in Rabigh, Saudi Arabia, which produces naphtha, kerosene, gasoline, diesel and fuel oil.
The company held its initial public offering in January 2008. Ownership of the company is 37.5% to Saudi Aramco, 37.5% to Sumitomo Chemical, and 25% to the public. 
A feasibility study for a second phase for the plant is underway.

</doc>
<doc id="18390433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18390433" title="Mak Erot">
Mak Erot

Mak Erot (1907? – 5 July 2008) was a lady from West Java, Indonesia. She was widely known for helping men to lengthen their penises using traditional herbs and traditional prayers.
Her age is disputed; various sources have described her as between 101 to 130 years old. Her story has been made into a number of plays and movies, such as "" starring Francine Roosenda.
She died in July 2008 in Caringin village, west Java.

</doc>
<doc id="18390464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18390464" title="Antimelatoma maoria">
Antimelatoma maoria

Antimelatoma maoria is a species of predatory sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Turridae, the turrids. 
Habitat.
This turrid is found in deep water off New Zealand.

</doc>
<doc id="18390498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18390498" title="Yu Myung-hwan">
Yu Myung-hwan

Yu Myung-hwan (born April 8, 1946) is a South Korean diplomat, he was Minister for Foreign Affairs and Trade from February 2008 to September.4 2010. His resignation was caused when his daughter was given a job in his department . He has previously held posts including Ambassador to Israel, Japan and the Philippines. Yu received his bachelor's degree in public administration from Seoul National University.
Nepotism charges.
In 2010, Yu has resigned over accusations of nepotism involving his daughter. Yu's daughter, Yu Hyun-sun, was employed at the foreign ministry as a mid-level director through a special employment program.

</doc>
<doc id="18390499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18390499" title="Levine Center for the Arts">
Levine Center for the Arts

Levine Center for the Arts on South Tryon Street in Charlotte, North Carolina includes Bechtler Museum of Modern Art, the Harvey B. Gantt Center for African-American Arts + Culture, the Knight Theater, and the Mint Museum Uptown. It was named for Leon Levine, whose foundation provided financing.
History.
After a year of study by the Arts & Science Council, the 25-year Cultural Facilities Master Plan became a reality in November 2003. The plan was the next stage following a 1976 plan that led to such projects as Spirit Square, Discovery Place, and North Carolina Blumenthal Performing Arts Center. The $236 million first phase, including an $84 million endowment, included moving the Mint Museum uptown, a new contemporary art museum named for Andreas Bechtler, a new Afro-American Cultural Center, and a 1200-seat theater. These projects were included in a 2001 bond referendum that voters rejected.
The Cultural Facilities Master Plan led to the Campaign for Cultural Facilities in 2006. In addition to an endowment planned by the Arts & Science Council, and $35 million from Bank of America, Duke Energy and Wachovia Corp., the $150.5 million plan was to be financed by property taxes on a development by Wachovia, as well as a 4 percent tax on car rentals which would have to be approved by the North Carolina General Assembly, and specifically by all legislators from Mecklenburg County. Wachovia was building an office tower and parking garage, though if financing was approved, the bank would also build four of the five attractions. Discovery Place, which was planning renovations, was the fifth. The Charlotte city council was to approve an agreement with Wachovia on February 27. On December 1, the car-rental tax increased from 11 to 16 percent, with $1.35 million per year expected.
Groundbreaking took place September 27, 2007 on the $158 million First Street Cultural Campus, also referred to as the Wachovia Cultural Campus. 
The tallest building of the complex was to be the Duke Energy Center. Also part of the complex would be the Harvey B. Gantt Center for African-American Arts + Culture, the Bechtler Art Museum, and the Wachovia Condominium Tower.
The Bechtler Museum of Modern Art would hold 1200 works of art assembled by Andreas Bechtler and his family during the past 75 years, in a building designed by Mario Botta.
The Wachovia Condominium Tower would have had 42 floors and of space, designed by Rule Joy Trammell + Rubio. Due to the 2007–2009 financial crisis, the only part of the tower built so far is part of the Knight Theater.
The Harvey B. Gantt Center for African-American Arts + Culture would have four floors, cost $18.6 million and have of gallery, classroom, and administrative space. It was dedicated October 24, 2009.
After Wells Fargo announced its takeover of Wachovia, the city said its contract with Wachovia required "successors" to finish the project, after which the city and county would buy the attractions. The campus was later renamed for Wells Fargo. After large contributions from Duke Energy and Leon Levine Foundation resulted in the $83 million goal being reached, the Wells Fargo Cultural Campus became Levine Center for the Arts. On October 1, 2010, the $56 million 145,000-square-foot Mint Museum Uptown opened, completing the $127 million campus. Charlotte's city council changed the name of First Street to Levine Avenue of the Arts, with new signs revealed November 16.

</doc>
<doc id="18390505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18390505" title="Sillem">
Sillem

Sillem may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18390507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18390507" title="Gabriela Moyseowicz">
Gabriela Moyseowicz

Gabriela Maria Moyseowicz (b. May 4, 1944 in Lwów) is a Polish composer and pianist.
Biography.
Gabriela Moyseowicz played piano skillfully at the age of three. She was recognized as a musical prodigy at music schools in Gdańsk, Bytom and Gliwice. At the age of 13, Gabriela composed a 25-minute concerto for two pianos. She performed it before a group of respected professors-musicians in Kraków and was instantly admitted to the prestigious Academy of Music in Kraków. The concerto was both classical & romantic in style. The work and a number of superb fugues she composed as school-exercises were the first indicators of the scope of the composer’s talent.
A renowned musical critic in Kraków1 highly praised the first atonal composition of Gabriela - “The Piano Sonata No. 1” (1960). Also, the atonal chamber work “Media Vita” (1961) was met with a warm reaction by both the public and musical critics.
From 1962 Moyseowicz attended composition classes at the Academy of Music in Kraków and the State Conservatory in Katowice, and graduated from the latter in 1967. She was awarded the degree of Master of Arts after submitting her second piano concerto. A stormy discussion resulted, among the local professors, over Gabriela’s dissertation in which she had presented her artistic attitudes.
In 1974 Moyseowicz moved to West Berlin, where she worked for thirty years as an organist and choir director at a Catholic church. She made several recordings of her own music for the German Radio (WDR, NDR). Two CDs with orchestral and piano compositions, respectively, were released. Scores of over twenty of Moyseowicz’s compositions were released by a famed musical editor in Berlin.
Appraisal.
Although Moyseowicz has always been at ease with the tonal system, it has not been her main artistic goal to compose tonal music. It should be noted the ideas of the “sclerotic avant-garde of the sixties”2 were never attractive for her. From her teens she searched for her own way and managed to develop an original style that has nothing to do with any “modern” or “fashionable” ideas of the second half of the 20th century. Gabriela’s compositions are thoroughly atonal, but listeners have, very often, an impression to hear the tonal music. It is a secret of Gabriela’s workshop that she is able to extract from the highly complex sound material sequences of ear-friendly modern contemporary classical music. The composer uses instruments with the great respect to their design, destination and limitations, yet she produces extraordinary effects. Her dazzling music is rich in invention and imagination. “Gabriela Moyseowicz is a genial composer whose work merits more attention”6. The opinions like this have been expressed on several occasions by musical professionals and music lovers. The work of Gabriela Moyseowicz has been subjected to analyses by several authors3,4,6,7(8).
Works.
Gabriela Moyseowicz has composed a variety of atonal instrumental and vocal works3,7(8). They include piano-, violin- and cello-sonatas, piano concertos, one symphony, one oratorium, cantatas, songs, etc. Tonal compositions include church songs, a capriccio for string orchestra, piano variations and other occasional works.

</doc>
<doc id="18390512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18390512" title="Vahdat (disambiguation)">
Vahdat (disambiguation)

Vahdat is a city in Tajikistan.
Vahdat or Vakhdat may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18390519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18390519" title="John Baker (baseball)">
John Baker (baseball)

John David Baker (born January 20, 1981) is an American professional baseball catcher in the Chicago Cubs organization.
Amateur career.
Baker graduated from De La Salle High School (Concord, California) in 1999 before attending the University of California, Berkeley. As a junior in 2002, he led the Pac-10 Conference with a .383 batting average and was selected to the All Pac-10 team.
Professional career.
Minor leagues.
Baker was drafted in 2002 by the Oakland Athletics in the 4th round of the amateur draft. He was mentioned several times in Michael Lewis' 2003 book "". In late 2004 he was promoted to the Triple-A Sacramento River Cats, and he played with the Triple-A team in 2005 and 2006. In March 2007, Baker was traded to the Florida Marlins for minor league first-baseman Jason Stokes. He spent 2007 and the start of 2008 with the Marlins' Triple-A club.
Florida Marlins.
Baker was called up to the majors on July 9, 2008, after Matt Treanor went on the disabled list. He assumed duties as the regular catcher for the rest of the season. His first major league hit was a solo home run off Chan Ho Park of the Los Angeles Dodgers on July 10. In 2009–10 Baker shared the catching duty for the Marlins with teammate Ronny Paulino; Baker generally played against right-handed pitchers while Paulino played against left-handed pitchers.
Baker went on the disabled list in May 2010 with a strained flexor tendon in his right arm. At the end of the 2010 season, Baker had Tommy John Surgery when the elbow did not improve. He spent most of 2011 rehabbing from the surgery and rejoined the Marlins in September when rosters expanded, serving primarily as a pinch-hitter.
San Diego Padres.
On November 22, 2011, Baker was traded to the San Diego Padres for Wade LeBlanc. Baker served as back-up to Nick Hundley and Yasmani Grandal, starting 52 games and batting .238 while throwing out 16% of base runners. He was designated for assignment on June 10, 2013.
Los Angeles Dodgers.
He was claimed off waivers by the Los Angeles Dodgers on June 15, 2013 and optioned to AAA Albuquerque. He was outrighted off the 40 man roster on August 5. In 40 games with the Isotopes, he hit .203. He became a free agent on October 1.
Chicago Cubs.
On December 13, 2013, Baker signed a minor league deal with an invitation to spring training with the Chicago Cubs.
Personal.
During the offseason, Baker has taught Physical Education at St. Isidore School in Danville, California, where his wife, Meghan, used to teach.
Baker enjoys broadcasting. He had a stint as a co-host with Rick Tittle on the SportsByline USA radio network.
Baker is also a philanthropist who was nominated for the Roberto Clemente award, among other humanitarian awards. He visited the troops in the Middle East and he also helped victims of the earthquake in Haiti.

</doc>
<doc id="18390537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18390537" title="List of inactive United States Navy aircraft squadrons">
List of inactive United States Navy aircraft squadrons

There are hundreds of Inactive US Navy aircraft squadrons dating back to before World War I. For various reasons, their naming, lineage, and insignia have been constant sources of confusion. The list below, which is a partial one at best, attempts to deal with that confusion as well as it can. 
Detailed information about many squadrons, both active and inactive, can be found in DANAS, the "Dictionary of American Naval Aviation Squadrons". Direct access to pertinent DANAS chapters, as well as to the Navy's latest official pronouncement on these subjects, is provided through this article's External links section. 
Inactive fixed wing squadrons.
Patrol squadrons (VP, VA(HM), VPB).
Volume 2 of the Dictionary of American Naval Aviation Squadrons contains comprehensive histories over 150 patrol squadrons. Its Appendix 7 details the lineage of every VP, VPB, VP(H), and VP(AM) squadron from 1922 through the late 1990s.

</doc>
<doc id="18390547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18390547" title="South (Shona Laing album)">
South (Shona Laing album)

South is a 1987/1988 album by New Zealand musician Shona Laing and her most commercially successful release to date. It was released twice; in 1987 as a worldwide release, and again in 1988 in the United States. Laing reprised three of the tracks from her 1985 album "Genre" ("(Glad I'm) Not a Kennedy", "The Migrant and Refugee" and "Neat and Tidy") for the U.S. release of "South" (only "Kennedy" was included on the international release).
Original track listing.
All songs by Shona Laing.

</doc>
<doc id="18390554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18390554" title="Jo Sondre Aas">
Jo Sondre Aas

Jo Sondre Aas (born 2 July 1989) is a Norwegian football player currently playing as a striker for Ranheim. After impressing performances for Rosenborg's youth-team in a tournament in Spain, Real Madrid invited Aas for a trial where he impressed, netting a hat-trick for Real's C team. However, he declined a contract and chose to stay in Norway. He started the 2009 season on loan from Rosenborg to Moss FK, but the contract was terminated after 19 matches, and Aas went on loan to Ranheim for the rest of the 2009 season. He was on loan to Ranheim until he permanently changed to Ranheim before the season 2011. He signed a three years contract with Sandefjord 11 January 2012 but after only one season with Sandefjord he returned to Ranheim because of personal reasons. 

</doc>
<doc id="18390579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18390579" title="Phase 1 (bar)">
Phase 1 (bar)

Phase 1, also known as The Phase, is a lesbian bar and nightclub at 525 8th Street, Southeast in Washington, D.C. Located one block south of Pennsylvania Avenue, SE near Eastern Market in the Capitol Hill neighborhood, Phase 1 is the oldest continually operating lesbian bar in the United States and the oldest operating LGBT bar in Washington, D.C.
History.
In 1971, Allen Carroll and Chris Jansen founded Phase 1 and would go on to open another LGBT bar in Southeast, Ziegfeld's. Phase 1 was originally located beside Plus One, a gay bar that broke the city’s “no same-sex dancing” code when owners Henry Hecht of the Hecht's department store family, Donn Culver, and Bill Bickford installed a dance floor. The current manager of Phase 1 is Angela Lombardi.
Events.
Phase 1 is a sponsor of Capital Pride, the LGBT pride festival held each year in Washington, D.C. and the fourth largest gay pride event in the United States. Phase 1 also works with local organizations such as the Whitman-Walker Clinic and D.C. Rape Crisis Center.
In August 2007, musician Mara Levi, Phase 1 manager Angela Lombardi, and Riot Grrl, Ink organized the first Phase Fest. The three-day event hosted at Phase 1 featured local and nationwide musical acts such as God-Des and She, Nicky Click, and others which are geared towards lesbians. The event became the largest queer art and music festival on the East Coast. PhaseFest 2008 was held September 10 to September 13.

</doc>
<doc id="18390593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18390593" title="Odetta at Town Hall">
Odetta at Town Hall

Odetta at Town Hall is a live album by American folk singer Odetta, recorded at Town Hall, New York, NY, on April 5, 1963 and first released later that year.
"At Town Hall" is also available along with "At Carnegie Hall" from the same era, on Vanguard's double-LP "The Essential Odetta", but the CD version of that release omits eight songs from the Town Hall LP and two songs from the Carnegie Hall LP.

</doc>
<doc id="18390596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18390596" title="MetroMoves">
MetroMoves

MetroMoves was a 2002 proposal by the Southwest Ohio Regional Transit Authority (SORTA) to expand and improve public transportation in the greater Cincinnati metropolitan area. The 30-year vision included the addition of light rail lines, commuter rail lines, streetcars in the downtown area, and expanded bus routes. When put to a vote the citizens of Hamilton County rejected the proposal by nearly a 2-to-1 ratio, 68.4% to 31.6%.
History.
Cincinnati transit planners began advocating light rail in 1993 when the Ohio-Kentucky-Indiana Regional Council of Governments (OKI) recommended a light rail feasibility study for the area along Interstate 71. In 1998 a solution was adopted to build a 19-mile rail line that stretched from Cooper Road in Blue Ash to 12th Street in Covington. The line would then form a backbone for subsequent rail lines to connect communities in the region.
MetroMoves began in 2000 as a plan to improve the city's bus system, but it was expanded to include the rail lines from the 1998 solution. The complete plan was estimated to cost $4.2 billion, with the Hamilton County portion costing $2.6 billion for the rail lines and another $100 million for the expanded bus lines. Of Ohio's $2.7 billion, half was to be paid by the federal government, a quarter by the state of Ohio, and the last quarter by a one-half cent Hamilton County sales tax levy. In other words, about $39.50 per year per Hamilton County resident. Commuter rails to Lawrenceburg, Middletown, Milford, and Hamilton would only be built if the surrounding counties could raise $1.02 billion to help pay for the lines. The light rail portion was estimated to take 30 years to complete, with the Covington-Blue Ash line scheduled to open in 2008.
Several public figures opposed the plan, including Mayor Charlie Luken and Congressman Steve Chabot—the latter of whom referred to the plan as a "boondoggle." Mayor Luken accused SORTA of using tax payer money to illegally promote a ballot issue, but SORTA argued that they were obligated to promote public transit and educate its citizens about possible options. Additionally, there were concerns that citizens would be "double taxed" because SORTA already had an earnings tax, and that federal funding would be low due to the highly competitive "New Start" program.
Opposition to MetroMoves was led by a group called Alternatives to Light Rail Transit (ALERT). They argued that light rail is not workable over the long run, that highway systems are the lifeline of most businesses in the region and in the country, and that a study showed MetroMoves would have an insignificant effect on traffic congestion. Others opposed MetroMoves because they didn't like the price tag, thought construction would disrupt neighborhoods, or they simply favored other transit options.
Proponents of MetroMoves argued that the new system would create 36,000 new jobs, spark new development, connect 300,000 existing jobs that do not have transit, save the TriState $85.1 million in gas and other auto-related costs, and eliminate much of the need for bus passengers to go into downtown to transfer lines. The new transit plan was backed by Procter & Gamble, Fifth Third Bank, the Sierra Club, and the League of Women Voters.
A few weeks before Election Day $331,000 was raised to help promote MetroMoves, while ALERT raised less than $6,000. During this time both sides participated in numerous public debates, where both reiterated the same arguments and accused each other of distorting the same set of facts to their advantage. Additionally, citizens were reminded that Paul Brown Stadium opened $52 million over budget in 2000, which was also funded by a half-cent tax levy.
On November 5, 2002 the tax levy, known as "Issue 7," was rejected by 68.4 percent of Hamilton County residents. MetroMoves received the most support in Clifton and Avondale, but received the strongest opposition in suburbs such as Indian Hill, Madeira, and Wyoming. Because of the way federal funding for public transit works this meant the plan could not be reconsidered for at least another five years. There was a chance the project could bypass this by putting MetroMoves back on the ballot in the spring, but the CEO of Metro said, "there is nothing that leads me to believe today that things will change significantly in the public's mind over the next four to five months."
In 2003 the Ohio Elections Commission found ALERT guilty of using a false statement in an anti-MetroMoves television ad that ran during the 2002 fall campaign. The ad stated that the Federal Transit Administration (FTA) rated the MetroMoves plan as one of the worst in the country, but the FTA said it does not rate transit plans against one another. Regardless, later that year Stephan Louis, the leader of ALERT, was chosen as a member of SORTA's board.
In 2008 interest was renewed in MetroMoves due to a 4% system-wide increase in Cincinnati bus ridership when compared to 2007. The bus ridership increased as high as 24% and 17% on some routes from April 2007 to April 2008. As of July, 2008 there are no plans to put either MetroMoves or a new transit plan on the ballot, though support is reportedly growing. When SORTA's light rail plan failed in 2002 gas prices were at $1.42 a gallon, and support from public leaders is expected to be much better.
Plan.
Light Rail.
The regional rail plan was developed by SORTA, OKI, the Transit Authority of Northern Kentucky (TANK), and Hamilton County. The Liberty, Brighton, and Hopple stations were originally built in the 1920s as part of the unfinished Cincinnati subway.

</doc>
<doc id="18390607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18390607" title="Niagara Falls (Chicago song)">
Niagara Falls (Chicago song)

"Niagara Falls" is the fourth single released by the American rock band, Chicago, from their 1986 album, "Chicago 18". Lead vocals were shared by Jason Scheff and Bill Champlin.
Following the successful singles, "Will You Still Love Me?" (#3 US pop) and "If She Would Have Been Faithful..." (#17 US pop), "Niagara Falls" only reached #91 on the Billboard Hot 100 pop singles chart.
Video.
Like the majority of Chicago's music videos from the late 1980s, the video for "Niagara Falls" featured various people shown throughout, with the main storyline revolving around a couple trying to make things work. The band itself never appears.

</doc>
<doc id="18390631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18390631" title="It's Complicated">
It's Complicated

It's Complicated can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18390633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18390633" title="Temple Sinai (Oakland, California)">
Temple Sinai (Oakland, California)

Temple Sinai (officially the First Hebrew Congregation of Oakland) is a Reform synagogue located at 2808 Summit Street (28th and Webster Streets) in Oakland, California, United States. Founded in 1875, it is the oldest Jewish congregation in the East San Francisco Bay region.
Its early members included Gertrude Stein and Judah Leon Magnes, who studied at Temple Sinai's Sabbath school, and Ray Frank, who taught them. Originally traditional, the temple reformed its beliefs and practices under the leadership of Rabbi Marcus Friedlander (1893–1915). By 1914, it had become a Classical Reform congregation. That year the current sanctuary was built: a Beaux-Arts structure designed by G. Albert Lansburgh, which is the oldest synagogue building in Oakland.
The congregation weathered four major financial crises by 1934. From then until 2011, it was led by just three rabbis, William Stern (1934–1965), Samuel Broude (1966–1989), and Steven Chester (1989–2011).
In 2006 Temple Sinai embarked on a $15 million capital campaign to construct an entirely new synagogue campus adjacent to its current sanctuary. Groundbreaking took place in October 2007, and by late 2009 the congregation had raised almost $12 million towards the construction. , the Temple Sinai had nearly 1,000 member families. The rabbis were Andrew Straus and Jacqueline Mates-Muchin, and the cantor was Ilene Keys.
Early years.
Founded in 1875 as the First Hebrew Congregation of Oakland, Temple Sinai is the oldest synagogue in the East Bay region of the San Francisco Bay Area. It grew out of Oakland's Hebrew Benevolent Society, which had been organized in 1862 by eighteen merchants and shopkeepers from several foreign countries—predominantly Polish Jews from Posen. Although Hebrew Benevolent Societies typically ceased operations upon the founding of a synagogue, Oakland's was unusual in continuing to function independently for a number of years (the two groups did not merge until 1881).
By 1876, the congregation had purchased land on the south side of 14th and Webster streets; however, due to a severe recession in California at the time, the congregation did not construct a building until 1878. The wooden structure, with Moorish Revival elements and onion domes, was completed at a cost of around $8,000 (today $).
Services were initially traditional, following the Polish rite. Men and women sat separately, but the "mehitza" separating them was soon done away with. In 1881 the new president, David Hirschberg, led a campaign to modernize, and convinced a small majority to introduce a number of reforms, including the addition of a mixed choir of Christians and Jews and organ music, and the removal of the requirement for a "minyan". Traditionalists—who mostly came from the Hebrew Benevolent Society—objected and withdrew, forming their own Orthodox "minyan", which eventually became Oakland's Congregation Beth Jacob.
Levy, Sessler eras: 1881–1892.
In 1881, the congregation hired Oakland's first rabbi, Meyer Solomon Levy. Born in England in January 1852 and raised there, he was the son of Rabbi Solomon Levy of Borough Synagogue in London. Myer Solomon Levy had been ordained in England as an Orthodox rabbi before he was twenty, and moved to Australia as a young man. An early supporter of Zionism, he had served as a rabbi in Melbourne before moving to California in 1872 or 1873, where he served as the rabbi of Temple Emanu-El (then Bickur Cholim) in San Jose. Levy was paid $100 a month (today $), and donated a percentage to the poor.
Levy came into conflict with Oakland's public schools, which refused to excuse Jewish students on High Holy Days. He petitioned that they be excused, but the superintendent and district went even further, and directed teachers not to schedule examinations for those days. Although sensitive to the needs of the members, Levy was more observant than his congregants, which also led to conflict. He accepted the reforms of shortening the "Shabbat" services, and facing the congregation (rather than the ark) during prayer, but he successfully resisted attempts to adopt Isaac Mayer Wise's 1885 ""Minhag" America" Prayer-Book.
Although traditional in some ways, Levy was progressive in others. "Deeply affected by the enlightened spirit of his day", according to historian Fred Rosenbaum, he "delivered lectures with titles such as 'Progress of Science' and, while at the First Hebrew Congregation, he invited Oakland's Unitarian minister to give a series of talks at the synagogue. Levy in turn was well received at the Unitarian Church, where he spoke on the theory of evolution."
In 1885, the synagogue burned down, although the Torah scrolls were saved by a congregant who entered the burning building to retrieve them. Levy made prodigious efforts to raise funds for a new building, traveling as far away as Vancouver. The synagogue's female members also raised significant funds through a "Grand Fair". Their combined efforts were successful, and by 1886 a new building had been erected at 13th and Clay streets. The structure had "Moorish elements inspired by Isaac Mayer Wise's Plum Street Temple in Cincinnati".
The tensions between liberal-minded members and the traditional Levy were never resolved, and in 1891, the rabbi moved to San Francisco's Congregation Beth Israel. That year the women of the congregation formed the Ladies Auxiliary (Temple Sisterhood), whose initial mandate was to assist the work of the synagogue's Sunday school, and increase its enrollment.
During Levy's tenure, the synagogue had several congregants who were famous, or would become so. Ray Frank, the first Jewish woman to preach formally from a pulpit in the United States, settled in Oakland around 1885, and taught Hebrew Bible studies and Jewish history at First Hebrew Congregation's Sabbath school, where she was superintendent. Her students there in the 1880s included Gertrude Stein, later to become a famous writer, and Judah Leon Magnes, who would become a prominent Reform rabbi. Magnes's views of the Jewish people were strongly influenced by First Hebrew's Rabbi Levy, and it was at the building on 13th and Clay that Magnes first began preaching—his bar mitzvah speech of 1890 was quoted at length in "The Oakland Tribune".
Morris Sessler succeeded Levy as rabbi in 1892. He had served at Congregation of the Sons of Israel and David in Providence, Rhode Island, from 1887 to 1892. His tenure lasted only six months, as "his ideas did not harmonize with those of the congregation". He became rabbi of Congregation Gates of Prayer in New Orleans that same year, where he served until 1904.
Friedlander, Franklin eras: 1893–1919.
The congregation hired Marcus Friedlander of Congregation Baith Israel in Brooklyn, New York in 1893. Soon after he was hired, California experienced another economic downturn, which hurt the finances of members of the congregation. The congregation sold its property at 13th and Clay (which had become the heart of the business district) in 1895, and moved to a less expensive location at the northwest corner of 12th and Castro streets, and renovated the building there in 1896. Over 500 people, both Jews and non-Jews, were sheltered in the building for days after the 1906 San Francisco earthquake. The synagogue had 95 members by 1907, with annual revenues of $6,000 (today $).
Friedlander and former congregation president Abraham Jonas persuaded the congregation to introduce a number of significant reforms in the service: they first adopted the Jastrow prayer book, and later the Reform movement's "Union Prayer Book" (though in a revised, less radical version published specifically for First Hebrew, and authorized by the Central Conference of American Rabbis). By 1908, the congregation had eliminated the second day of "Rosh Hashanah", and few men wore head coverings in the service, and by 1914 the congregation had moved completely to the radicalism of "Classical Reform".
In 1910, First Hebrew bought a lot on Telegraph Avenue at Sycamore Street, near 26th Street, for $28,000 (today $), and sold its property at 12th and Castro for the same amount. The congregation, however, decided not to build there. In 1912 it found a better location, and purchased its current site at 28th and Webster for $12,050 (today $). Groundbreaking took place on October 26, 1913, and the building was completed there in 1914 at a cost of $100,000 (today $). Fourteen thousand dollars (today $) of the costs were raised by the Ladies Auxiliary, which also purchased a new Austin pipe organ for the sanctuary at a cost of $5,000 (today $). The new building was called "Temple Sinai", and thereafter the congregation itself became known as "Temple Sinai", although it retained the official name of "First Hebrew Congregation of Oakland".
Designed by noted American architect G. Albert Lansburgh, the Beaux-Arts structure had six tall stained glass windows, an "elliptical dome", and an entrance characterized by "graceful Corinthian columns supporting a Greco-Roman portico". Carved into the entablature above the entrance was the Biblical verse "MY HOUSE SHALL BE CALLED A HOUSE OF PRAYER FOR ALL PEOPLE" (). More modest in size than most Beaux-Arts buildings, it nevertheless had features typical of that style, including its "cross-axial composition". However, it was adorned with "simpler materials such as pressed brick and carved wood", rather than the usual "florid Classical design elements". Along with the sanctuary, the building included a social hall and classrooms. It is the only example of Lansburgh's work in Oakland, and one of about 150 Oakland buildings given an "A" or "Highest Importance" rating by the Oakland Cultural Heritage Survey, which signifies "outstanding architectural example or extreme historical importance". The building has a status code of "3S" in the California Historical Resource Information System database, indicating that it "appears eligible for the National Register of Historic Places" (NRHP).
The outbreak of World War I, and the costs of the new mortgage, placed a significant financial strain on the members, and in 1915 they decided to release Friedlander from his contract. Temple Sinai hired Harvey B. Franklin as rabbi in 1917, but his tenure there was only two years. During his term, the congregational school held classes twice a week, and had 285 students and 8 teachers. Franklin next served at Bickur Cholim in San Jose—the congregation from which Temple Sinai's first rabbi, Myer Solomon Levy, had come.
Coffee era: 1921–1933.
After going without a rabbi for another two years, in 1921 Temple Sinai hired Rudolph I. Coffee, an Oakland native and cousin of Judah Leon Magnes. Coffee was outspoken, and passionately advocated liberal causes: he supported disarmament, birth control, and separation of church and state, and opposed prohibition, antisemitism, and Tammany Hall. Along with other local rabbis Jacob Nieto and Jacob Weinstein, he demanded the release of labor leaders and accused bombers Thomas Mooney and Warren Billings. He also supported California's compulsory sterilization of the mentally ill and mentally retarded, and eugenicist E. S. Gosney's advocacy on this issue.
Coffee was involved in the California State Prison System, and during his tenure at Temple Sinai he was head of the Jewish Committee of Personal Service, a California-wide organization that "ministered to Jews in state prisons". In January 1924, California's governor appointed Coffee to the State Board of Charities and Corrections, which was responsible for supervising California's state prisons.
In 1931, Coffee opposed California legislation intended to regulate the kosher food industry and prohibit fraudulent claims that foods were kosher. In a letter to state senator E.H. Christian he stated:
... I am unalterably opposed to this bill because Judaism need not call upon the State to settle its own internal affairs. We are starting a dangerous precedent in California which can only lead to evil consequences.Four years ago you assisted in preventing an increase of "wine rabbis." The law relative to sacramental wine was properly surrounded, and California Jews do not suffer the disgrace which eastern brethren feel.This will bring a "meat rabbi" into existence. New York state has this kosher law and yet it did not prevent the terrible scandal which was uncovered last month in New York City. Use your best influence to prevent it.If Judaism has not enough inner resources to meet present day conditions, the sooner it passes away the better.
Despite Coffee's opposition, the legislation was enacted.
Coffee's advocacy, and Temple Israel's financial instability, eventually contributed to his dismissal from Temple Sinai in 1933; at the same time that the membership was experiencing financial distress due to the Great Depression, Coffee was advocating higher salaries for government employees. After leaving Temple Sinai, he became chaplain at San Quentin State Prison.
Stern era: 1934–1965.
In 1934, Temple Sinai hired William M. Stern (originally Sternheser) as rabbi. A San Francisco native and son of an Orthodox rabbi, he had been persuaded by Rabbi Martin Meyer of the Reform Congregation Emanu-El to attend Hebrew Union College (HUC), where Stern received his ordination. He served as rabbi at a number of Southern and Midwestern synagogues in the 1920s and early 1930s.
Much less formal than his predecessor Coffee, Stern was seen as a poker-playing, cigar-smoking "regular guy", and he focused on combating the spread of antisemitism. His wife Rae was also very active in the congregation. She taught at the synagogue's Hebrew school, and led the sisterhood.
Although originally anti-Zionist, Stern's views changed in the 1940s, and by 1942 he was strongly supported Jewish nationalism. When an Oakland branch of the anti-Zionist American Council for Judaism formed in 1944, Stern opposed its creation, even though many members, including its president, were leading members of Temple Sinai. By 1948, however, the congregation had also become supportive of Zionism.
During Stern's tenure Temple Sinai expanded its facilities, adding a religious school building, offices, and a chapel in 1947–1948, and moving the main entrance to Summit Street. The main building's interior was also significantly remodeled, aside from the sanctuary. The congregation also built the Temple House (called Covenant Hall), in 1950. The following year the synagogue put on an exhibition called "Arts in Action", "that included sculptors, weavers, filmmakers, ceramists, and others." The event's director asked poet, artist and art critic Weldon Kees to jury a show of paintings; Kees ended up having to find the paintings as well. When the Temple's board saw the selected works, they did not want display all of them, but acquiesced after "a strong protest".
In 1965, the congregation bought land in Oakland Hills, anticipating a future move. In December of that year Stern died unexpectedly. Following his death, Temple Sinai held for many years an annual Stern Lecture series in his memory.
Broude era: 1966–1989.
In 1966, the congregation hired Samuel Broude as rabbi. A graduate of the University of Chicago, in the late 1940s he had worked in Pasadena at a Reconstructionist synagogue, as a part-time cantor and Hebrew teacher, and then in the early 1950s as cantor of Reform University Synagogue of Los Angeles. After completing his rabbinic training, he became associate rabbi at Congregation Anshe Chesed in Cleveland, where he served under Rabbi Arthur Lelyveld for six years before coming to Temple Sinai.
Like Temple Sinai's previous rabbis, Broude passionately supported liberal causes, opposing U.S. involvement in the Vietnam War, and taking part in Civil Rights marches. Although he was a Reform rabbi, he had gone to an Orthodox "yeshiva" as a boy, and religiously he was in many ways more traditional than his predecessors. He re-introduced ritual into the synagogue, but more contentiously opposed intermarriage. His immediate predecessor, Stern, had officiated at intermarriages "under certain conditions". Broude initially did so as well, under "extenuating circumstances" (e.g. if the bride were pregnant). His position later hardened, and he refused to perform such marriages under any circumstances. He even refused to allow other rabbis who would be willing to do so officiate at intermarriages at Temple Sinai. The issue eventually came to a congregational vote in 1972, which supported Broude, although the debate was never completely settled.
Broude was, however, not opposed to all religious innovations. Under his leadership, Temple Sinai began holding monthly fine arts performances as part of the Friday night service, in place of the usual sermon. In December 1970, the Temple's fine arts committee commissioned an original dance work from Anna Halprin and her multi-racial dance troupe. For the next two months Broude met weekly with Halprin, educating her regarding the Friday night prayers. The completed work, titled "Kadosh", included a candlelight vigil, and dancers tearing their clothes and shouting questions at Broude that reframed the classic question about God and The Holocaust in terms of the Vietnam War: "How can there be a God if He allows all the suffering of the Vietnam War to continue?" The performance engendered passionate responses from the congregation; according to Broude "I don't know if anyone was neutral. Half thought it was fantastic, half thought it was terrible!"
Broude also argued that the congregation should remain in downtown Oakland, and in 1975, convinced them to stay. He retired in 1989, the year the buildings survived the Loma Prieta earthquake. After his retirement from Temple Sinai he remained active, filling in at synagogues mostly in the Bay Area, and teaching. He also wrote an autobiography, and a one-man show based on it called "Listening for the Voice", which he performed at a number of East Bay synagogues, including, in 2009, at Temple Sinai.
Chester era: 1989–present.
Steven Chester, a graduate of UCLA, and ordained by HUC in 1971, became rabbi in 1989. He had previously served as rabbi of Temple Beth Israel in Jackson, Michigan, from 1971 to 1976, and Temple Israel in Stockton, California, from 1976 to 1989, where he was also an adjunct professor in the Religious Studies department of the University of the Pacific. Chester added a pre-school and adult education programs to the services offered by the synagogue, and supported the congregation's return to more traditional practices, including the re-introduction of Hebrew into the service. He also continued his predecessors' passion for social justice, taking up causes "from advocating for local affordable housing and health care for the disenfranchised to supporting women's reproductive rights and protesting the genocide in Darfur." In 2006, Chester was voted Reader's Choice for "Minister/Rabbi/Imam with the Biggest Heart" in the "East Bay Express".
The synagogue survived the Oakland Firestorm of 1991 mostly unscathed, although a number of congregants lost their homes. Membership was over 640 families by 1993. In 1994, the congregation again significantly remodeled the interior of the main building, aside from the sanctuary. In December of that year, the building was designated a Historic Property by the City of Oakland.
Temple Sinai has had three associate or assistant rabbis since 1998. Andrea Berlin joined the synagogue as its first assistant rabbi in 1998, after being ordained at HUC in Cincinnati. From 2006 to 2008, she also served on the board of the Jewish Family and Children's Services of the East Bay. Suzanne Singer joined Temple Sinai in 2003, after graduating from HUC in Los Angeles. Before becoming a rabbi, Singer had for two decades been a producer of television programs and documentaries, winning two Emmy Awards. In 2005 she became interim rabbi of Temple Beth El of Riverside, California, and later its permanent rabbi. Jacqueline Mates-Muchin, a San Francisco native, graduated from HUC in New York in 2002. After serving as assistant rabbi at Temple Beth Zion in Buffalo New York for three years, she joined Temple Sinai in 2005. She is a board member of the Jewish Family and Children's Services of the East Bay.
To accommodate the large number of people attending on the High Holy Days, since 2001 Temple Sinai has held its main High Holy Day services at Oakland's NRHP-listed Art Deco Paramount Theater. While it still holds smaller High Holy Day services in the sanctuary at 2808 Summit Street, the main services at the Paramount fill the entire 1,800 seats on the mezzanine of the theater, and most of the 1,200 seats in the balcony.
In 2006, the congregation embarked on a campaign to create a new campus for Temple Sinai, to be located adjacent to the existing sanctuary and social hall. The $15 million project included "new offices, a larger chapel, a kitchen upgrade, outdoor sacred space, a new preschool with six classrooms and a 4,500-square-foot playground ... 10 additional classrooms for Midrasha teens and adult education, an art room, library, teen lounge and expanded parking." The L-shaped two-story school/office building would be , and accommodate approximately 100 children in the pre-school. The chapel, which would hold up to 250 people, would be an addition to the rear of the existing social hall.
Groundbreaking took place in October 2007, with an expected completion in Autumn, 2010. In order to accommodate the new buildings, the school and chapel built in the late 1940s were razed, along with two office buildings on adjoining lots purchased for the expansion. Nine portable buildings were installed on the campus of Merritt College in Oakland Hills to serve in the interim. As of December 23, 2009, Temple Sinai had raised almost $12 million from 651 households (70% of the congregation).
Chester had planned to retire in June 2009, and the congregation embarked on a search for a new senior rabbi in 2008. Twenty-three candidates were narrowed down to one finalist, but in early December that individual informed the search committee that he was withdrawing his name from consideration. While the search was progressing, Chester had realized that, due to the 2008 financial crisis, he would have to keep working. After the main candidate withdrew, the synagogue's president approached Chester, asking if he would stay on for another term, which Chester agreed to do. Chester retired in June 2011, becoming (along with Broude) Rabbi Emeritus.
Andrew Straus joined Temple Sinai as senior rabbi in December 2011. A graduate of HUC, he had previously served as assistant rabbi of Peninsula Temple Sholom in Burlingame, California, Temple Beth Sholom of New City, New York, and most recently for 13 years as rabbi of Temple Emanuel of Tempe, Arizona. , Temple Sinai, the East Bay's oldest synagogue, had nearly 1,000 member families. The full-time rabbis were Straus and Mates-Muchin, and the cantor was Ilene Keys.

</doc>
<doc id="18390656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18390656" title="St. Augustine's Catholic Church (Minster, Ohio)">
St. Augustine's Catholic Church (Minster, Ohio)

St. Augustine's Catholic Church is an historic Gothic Revival-style Roman Catholic church building located on North Hanover Street in Minster, Ohio, United States. Located in the region of western Ohio known as the "Land of the Cross-Tipped Churches," the church was built in 1848. In 1874, the building was modified with the construction of twin Gothic spires designed by Anton Goehr.
Beginning in the middle of the nineteenth century, St. Augustine was one of the three mother churches for the Society of the Precious Blood that served the Catholics of the region; it kept this position until the end of the century, and it is the only one of the three yet remaining. While many other churches in the region were built in the middle of the nineteenth century, few remain today, and only St. Augustine and St. John's to the northeast are yet used as parish churches.
On July 26, 1979, the building was added to the National Register of Historic Places as part of the "Cross-Tipped Churches of Ohio" multiple property submission. Today, St. Augustine's and St. Joseph's Church in nearby Egypt constitute the Minster Cluster of the Archdiocese of Cincinnati.

</doc>
<doc id="18390669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18390669" title="Ravangla">
Ravangla

Ravangla or Ravongla is a small tourist town situated at an elevation of 7000 ft in South Sikkim district of the Indian state of Sikkim. It is connected by state highway to other major towns in the state and lies between Pelling and Gangtok. It acts as the starting point for the trek to maenam la wildlife sanctuary.
Geographical situation.
Mt. Kanchenjunga, Mt. Pandim, Mt. Sinialchu, Mt. Kabru are just a few of the major peaks that are clearly visible from Ravangla.
Flora.
Upper parts of Ravangla experiences snowfall during winter. During the months of April–May the place is surrounded by many flowers including orchids and rhododendrons.
Avi Fauna.
Ravangla attracts a lot of Himlayan birds and is a bird watcher's paradise. Birds like Verditer Flycatchers, Blue-fronted Redstarts, Grey Bushchats, Dark-throated Thrush, Blue Whistling-thrush, Green-backed Tit and White-browed Fantails can be easily spotted. 
The forests around Ravangla have other avi faunal species like Laughingthrushes, Babblers, Cuckoos and Hill Partridge. The rare Satyr Tragopan can also be spotted in Ravangla.
Tibetan Community.
Ralang Monastery, a Buddhist monastery of the Kagyu school of Tibetan Buddhism is located six kilometres from Ravangla.

</doc>
<doc id="18390680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18390680" title="Manavi – An Organization for South Asian Women">
Manavi – An Organization for South Asian Women

Manavi was originally formed by six South Asian women: Shamita Das Dasgupta, Radha Sarma Hegde, Shashi Jain, Rashmi Jaipal, Vibha Jha, and Kavery Dutta, as a consciousness raising group interested in addressing concerns faced by South Asian women in the U.S. In a short period of time, this New Jersey based organization expanded its goals in response to requests from the community to begin providing services to women facing violence and abuse.
Overview.
Founded in 1985, Manavi (meaning 'primal woman' in Sanskrit) was the first organization in the U.S to specifically address the needs of South Asian women, who are victims of violence. Although started as a consciousness-raising group, Manavi's founders soon realized that South Asian women facing abuse were unable to seek help from local authorities and mainstream organizations for variety of reasons. These reasons could be attributed to cultural, lingual and immigration barriers, among others.
Since Manavi came to existence, many other South Asian organizations for women have been formed in the U.S along the lines of Manavi. Today, Manavi continues to be a pioneer by championing new strategies for advancing the South Asian women's movement in the U.S and by constantly adapting its service provision to the changing needs of South Asian women living in the U.S.
While providing direct service to South Asian women in need, Manavi is also a social change agent within the South Asian community. In addition, it is a cultural competency educator and diversity trainer in the mainstream movement to end violence against women in the U.S. In short, Manavi simultaneously addresses both the immediate needs of women facing abuse and the long-term vision of establishing peaceful communities free from gender-based violence.

</doc>
<doc id="18390698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18390698" title="Dinkey Lakes Wilderness">
Dinkey Lakes Wilderness

The Dinkey Lakes Wilderness is a federally designated wilderness area located northeast of Fresno, in the state of California, USA. It comprises within the Sierra National Forest and was added to the National Wilderness Preservation System by the California Wilderness Act of 1984.
Elevations range from to 10,619 feet (ft).
Recreational activities in the wilderness include day hiking, backpacking, horseback riding, fishing, rock climbing and cross-country skiing.
The landscape of Dinkey Lakes Wilderness is composed of subalpine forests with high, rolling ridges made up of granitic bedrock intersparsed with large, wet meadows. A high divide along the southwestern boundary has several peaks over . elevation, including the Three Sisters, Brown Peak and Eagle Peak. Extensive glaciation is evident by the many cirques located at timberline.
Flora and fauna.
Wildlife include the North Kings and Huntington deer herds, black bear, golden-mantled ground squirrel, coyote and the Sierra red fox. Also martins and pikas in rocky areas above timberline.
Dinkey Lakes Wilderness has forests of red fir, lodgepole pine, western white pine, with mountain hemlock and whitebark pine at higher elevations.
Recreation.
The large John Muir Wilderness (580,323 acres) is to the east of Dinkey Lakes and is separated from it by the Dusy-Ershim Off-Highway Vehicle (OHV) route. This corridor links Kaiser Pass in the north to the Courtright Reservoir in the south. There are three other OHV routes to the west of the wilderness boundary and are popular in the summer months.
Three entry points into the wilderness are; the Cliff Lake trailhead at Courtright Reservoir, Dinkey Creek trailhead and the California Riding and Hiking trailhead located at D and F Pack Station on Kaiser Pass road. There are of trails offering a variety of one way and loop trips into the lake basin areas and mountain summits.
The summits of Dogtooth Peak () and Three Sisters () offer Class 2 and Class 3 rock climbing routes.<br>
There are 17 lakes in the wilderness with 14 of those being stocked with golden, brook and rainbow trout.
Winter recreation is limited by the long distance from plowed roads. The nearby Sierra Ski Summit Area on highway 168 provides access to the D and F Pack Station and trailhead which is two miles (3 km) north of the wilderness boundary.
A California campfire permit and a wilderness permit are required all year for overnight trips and can be obtained at various ranger stations of the Sierra National Forest as well as the Courtright Reservoir Homeowners Association building at Courtright Reservoir.
Quotas are in place for Dinkey Lakes Wilderness to limit and control the number of visitors. Permits are in effect all year and are divided up between advance reservations (60%) and walk-ins (40%). Each trailhead has a quota limit.
The Forest Service encourages the practice of Leave No Trace principles of wilderness travel to minimize human impact on the environment.
References.
Adkinson, Ron "Wild Northern California". The Globe Pequot Press, 2001

</doc>
<doc id="18390729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18390729" title="Montreal International Games Summit">
Montreal International Games Summit

The Montreal International Games Summit (MIGS), also known as le Sommet International du jeu de Montréal (SIJM), is a conference on video games. The first edition was held in 2004 and usually takes place in November at le Palais des Congrès de Montréal.
Events.
2012.
MIGS 2012 was held on November 13 and November 14 at the Hilton Montreal Bonaventure. The theme for the year's event was "The Future. Unknown", and was focused on the upcoming trends in the video game industry as well as new technologies and breakthroughs that could impact the future of video game development. The opening keynote was presented by Tim Sweeney, founder of Epic Games, on some of the current technologies used in games. The second day's opening keynote was presented by Peter Molyneux, currently the CEO and founder of 22Cans with a talk about game design. Finally the event was closed out by a "Brain Dump" session with various industry professionals.

</doc>
<doc id="18390734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18390734" title="Entomobryomorpha">
Entomobryomorpha

The order Entomobryomorpha are one of the three main groups of springtails (Collembola), tiny hexapods related to insects. This group was formerly treated as a superfamily Entomobryoidea.
They can be best distinguished from the other springtail groups by their body shape. The Symphypleona are very round animals, almost spherical. The Poduromorpha are also very plump but have a more oval shape. Entomobryomorpha, by contrast, contain the slimmest springtails. They either have short legs and antennae but their long body sets them apart, or long legs and antennae as well as a well-developed furcula; these are the most characteristic members of the order.
Systematics.
The Entomobryomorpha were, as Entomobryoidea, united with the Poduromorpha (then called Poduroidea) in a group called "Arthropleona", but this has more recently turned out to be paraphyletic. Actually the Entomobryomorpha, the Poduromorpha, and the third springtaill lineage – the Symphypleona – are equally distinct from each other. Their treatment at equal taxonomic rank reflects this. Their rank has also varied a bit. When the springtails were still believed to be an order of insects, the "Arthropleona" and the Symphypleona were treated as suborders.
List of families.
The superfamilies and families are arranged in the presumed evolutionary sequence. The list presented here follows a 2008 review of the Entomobryomorpha. The review abolishes the former "Actaletoidea", which is apparently paraphyletic; its namesake family is now placed in the Isotomoidea, while the Coenaletidae form a new monotypic superfamily. The former Cyphoderidae are demoted to a subfamily of the Paronellidae.
Superfamily Isotomoidea
Superfamily Coenaletoidea
Superfamily Tomoceroidea
Superfamily Entomobryoidea

</doc>
<doc id="18390735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18390735" title="We Can Last Forever">
We Can Last Forever

We Can Last Forever is a song that was released as a single from the album Chicago 19, released by the band Chicago in 1989. 
The song was sung by Jason Scheff and was written by Scheff along with John Dexter. It did relatively well on both the Hot 100 and AC charts, getting 55 on the 100 and 12 on the AC.

</doc>
<doc id="18390738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18390738" title="PDBbind database">
PDBbind database

The PDBbind database is a comprehensive collection of experimentally measured binding affinity data (Kd, Ki, and IC50) for the protein-ligand complexes deposited in the Protein Data Bank (PDB). It thus provides a link between energetic and structural information of protein-ligand complexes, which is of great value to various studies on molecular recognition occurred in biological systems.
History.
The aim of the PDBbind database is to provide a comprehensive collection of the experimentally measured binding affinity data for all types of biomolecular complexes deposited in the Protein Data Bank (PDB). It thus provides a linkage between energetic and structural information of these complexes, which may be used for various studies on molecular recognition occurred in biological systems. 
The PDBbind database was first released to the public in May, 2004. The database is now publicly accessible both at the PDBbind-CN site at http://www.pdbbind.org.cn/, which is maintained by Prof. Renxiao Wang's group at the Shanghai Institute of Organic Chemistry in China, as well as the original PDBbind site at http://www.pdbbind.org/, which is maintained by Prof. Shaomeng Wang's group at the University of Michigan in USA.
Current release.
The PDBbind database is updated on an annual basis to keep up with the growth of the Protein Data Bank. The current release, i.e. version 2009, is based on the contents of Protein Data Bank released on Jan 1st, 2009. 
This release provides two basic types of information:
Accessibility.
The basic information of each complex in PDBbind is totally open for browsing. Users are however required to register for access under a license agreement in order to utilize the full functions provided on this web site or to download the contents of PDBbind. The registration is free of charge to all academic and industrial users.
External links.
The Latest domain name of PDBbind-CN server is:
http://www.pdbbind-cn.org/
http://www.pdbbind-cn.net/

</doc>
<doc id="18390749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18390749" title="Tony Bartelme">
Tony Bartelme

Tony Bartelme, an American journalist, is the senior projects reporter for "The Post and Courier" in Charleston, South Carolina. He has twice been a finalist for a Pulitzer Prize. 
Awards.
In 2013, Bartelme's series about high insurance rates was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize in explanatory writing and winner of the Sigma Delta Chi award for non-deadline reporting for papers with circulations between 50,000 and 150,000. In 2011, Bartelme was a Pulitzer Prize finalist for his series about a neurosurgeon's work to teach brain surgery in Tanzania. In 2010, Bartelme was awarded a Nieman Fellowship at Harvard University. In 2008, Bartelme won the prestigious Gerald Loeb Award for a story about the effect of China's growth on local economies. In 2006, Bartelme won the Journalism category in the Phillip Reed Memorial Award for Outstanding Writing on the Southern Environment for his "Post and Courier" series on the ecological riches and the plight of the Francis Marion National Forest in coastal South Carolina, "Under Fire". Bartelme won the 2007 Associated Press Managing Editors award for international perspective for newspapers under 150,000 circulation.
Bibliography.
Bartelme has co-written two books:
He wrote the screenplay for "Born to the Wind", a documentary narrated by Peter Fonda on the 1998-1999 Around Alone sailing race. The documentary won a Telly and Moscow Festival Special Award.

</doc>
<doc id="18390784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18390784" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Hamilton">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Hamilton

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Hamilton may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18390882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18390882" title="Daniel Hertzberg">
Daniel Hertzberg

Daniel Hertzberg, an American journalist, is the former deputy managing editor for international news at The Wall Street Journal. Starting July 1, 2009, Hertzberg has served as senior editor-at-large at BLOOMBERG NEWS(R) in New York. Hertzberg is a 1968 graduate of the University of Chicago.
Awards.
In 2008 he received the year's Gerald Loeb Award Lifetime Achievement Award. He won the Pulitzer Prize in 1988 for a story about an investment banker charged with insider trading and the critical day that followed the October 19, 1987, stock market crash.

</doc>
<doc id="18390901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18390901" title="St. Augustine Catholic Church (Grayson Springs, Kentucky)">
St. Augustine Catholic Church (Grayson Springs, Kentucky)

St. Augustine Catholic Church built in 1854 is an historic Roman Catholic church building located at 1256 St Anthony Church Road in Grayson Springs near Clarkson, Kentucky. Today it is a parish of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Owensboro. On April 7, 1989, it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="18390908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18390908" title="USS Acoma (SP-1228)">
USS Acoma (SP-1228)

The first USS "Acoma" (SP-1228) was a relatively fast motorboat for the time—capable of running at 25 knots – that was leased from its owner by the United States Navy during World War I. She was outfitted as an armed patrol craft and assigned to patrol the waterways of Newport, Rhode Island, and New Bedford, Massachusetts. She was returned to her owner at war’s end.
Built in New York.
"Acoma" (SP-1228), a section patrol motor boat, was built in 1917 by the Gas Engine & Power Co. and Charles L. Seabury Co., Morris Heights, New York; acquired by the Navy on a free lease from Theodore D. Partridge of New York City on 25 September 1917; and commissioned on 18 October 1917, Chief Boatswain's Mate Clarence E. Sterrett in command.
World War I service.
"Acoma" was assigned to the 2d Naval District throughout her naval career. After patrolling in the vicinity of Newport, Rhode Island, she was transferred in November 1917 to the area of New Bedford, Massachusetts. The boat served there through the end of World War I. 
Decommissioning.
Following the armistice, "Acoma" was returned to her owner on 25 November 1918.

</doc>
<doc id="18390913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18390913" title="Namthang">
Namthang

Namthang is a small town in the South Sikkim district of the Indian state of Sikkim. Namthang is located 45 km distance from its District Main City South District. It is located 21 km distance from its State Main City Gangtok.
The nearest city Namchi is 10.7 km from Namthang.
Bank and ATM available is State Bank of India, Namthang.
IFSC CODE : sbin0009727.
MICR CODE : 737002522.

</doc>
<doc id="18390919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18390919" title="Timeline of the United States housing bubble">
Timeline of the United States housing bubble

Housing prices peaked in early 2005, began declining in 2006 and may not yet have hit bottom.
2007.
Year-to-year decreases in both U.S. home sales and home prices accelerates rather than slowing, with U.S. Treasury secretary Paulson calling "the housing decline ... the most significant risk to our economy." Home sales continue to fall. The decrease in existing-home sales is the steepest since 1989. In Q1/2007, S&P/Case-Shiller house price index records first year-over-year decline in nationwide house prices since 1991. The subprime mortgage industry collapses, foreclosure activity increases and rising interest rates threaten to depress prices further as problems in the subprime markets spread to the near-prime and prime mortgage markets.
2008.
Home sales continue to fall. Fears of a U.S. recession. Global stock market corrections and volatility.

</doc>
<doc id="18390920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18390920" title="International Studies Learning Center">
International Studies Learning Center

International Studies Learning Center (ISLC) is a "span school", meaning a combined junior and senior high school covering grades 6–12, in the Los Angeles Unified School District. It is a small learning community of approximately 700 students, focusing on world cultures and languages. Its vision is to inspire and prepare global citizens. A WASC accredited school, ISLC is part of the Asia Society International Studies Schools Network. It is also partnered with Foundation for California Community Colleges, Los Angeles Southwest College, and Los Angeles Trade-Technical College.
ISLC's middle school community is currently housed in Southeast Middle School in South Gate, California. Its high school community occupies the Continuation School in the South East complex and uses facilities within Southeast High School.
History.
ISLC is currently located in the South East Complex completed in October 2005 on a plot of land on the site of the old General Motors plant in South Gate, California. It is on one of the largest lots of any school complex in the LAUSD.

</doc>
<doc id="18390922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18390922" title="Adiantum trapeziforme">
Adiantum trapeziforme

Adiantum trapeziforme (giant maidenhair or diamond maidenhair) is a species of fern in the genus "Adiantum", native to the tropical rainforests of Central and South America.

</doc>
<doc id="18390924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18390924" title="Damthang, Sikkim">
Damthang, Sikkim

Damthang is a small town in the South Sikkim district of the Indian state of Sikkim.
Geography.
Damthang is located at . It has an average elevation of 1,852 metres (6,076 feet).

</doc>
<doc id="18390933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18390933" title="Sumbuk">
Sumbuk

Sumbuk is a small town in the South Sikkim district of the Indian state of Sikkim.

</doc>
<doc id="18390936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18390936" title="Chidam">
Chidam

Chidam is a small town in the South Sikkim district of the Indian state of Sikkim.
Geography.
Chidam is located at . It has an average elevation of 819 metres (2,687 feet).

</doc>
<doc id="18390940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18390940" title="Parbing">
Parbing

Parbing is a small town in the South Sikkim district of the Indian state of Sikkim.

</doc>
<doc id="18390945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18390945" title="Little Valley Speedway">
Little Valley Speedway

The Little Valley Speedway is a multi-purpose race track based in the village of Little Valley, New York, USA. The one-half-mile dirt track is situated in the western portion of the village and is part of the "Cattaraugus County Fairgrounds" facility.
Uses.
The speedway promotes itself as the only half-mile dirt track in the region and is built as an originally unbanked oval track. Adjacent to the track is a 3,000 seat grandstand (the third-largest sporting venue in Cattaraugus County, behind 4,000 seat Bradner Stadium and 5,780 seat Reilly Center) with ample standing room, in front of which is a wider dirt patch (slightly larger than an American football field) to use for other motor sports, such as truck pulls. The track was configured in its current form in 1997. A 2012 renovation to the speedway partially replaced the dirt patch with an asphalt surface, banked the tracks, added fresh clay to the track and added additional bench seating in front of the grandstand to accommodate large, sometimes overflowing, crowds.
Predominant classes of dirt track racing include late models, super late models, super stocks, street stocks, sprint cars and modified cars (most commonly "E-Mod" class, but also 358 modified). Organizations who have raced at Little Valley Speedway on their circuits include the Bicknell Racing Products Can-Am Series, the United Late Model Series, the American Sprint Car Series Patriot Sprints, and the Empire Super Sprints. Seven racing events of these classes are held at the speedway each year, between the Sunday before Memorial Day to the end of September. The World of Outlaws Late Model Series made its debut at the track in August 2012.
The track shares some staff and promotions with McKean County Raceway in Smethport, Pennsylvania, a race track that, like Little Valley Speedway, is also used for their county fair in August.
In addition to the racing events, four demolition derbies are held at the track each year. The first is held every July 4 as part of the annual "Freedom Daze" celebration; the three others are during the Cattaraugus County Fair in early August. The last of these is labeled the "Western New York Championship" and determines who represents the county in the Great New York State Fair derby. One of the derbies features a school bus class, which is also paired with a short figure 8 race; these were discontinued after the 2009 fair but returned in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18390946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18390946" title="Ranguthang">
Ranguthang

Ranguthang is a small town in the South Sikkim district of the Indian state of Sikkim.

</doc>
<doc id="18390947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18390947" title="Gap View Farm">
Gap View Farm

Gap View Farm, near Charles Town, West Virginia, is a historic farm complex built in 1774. The farm was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on January 9, 1997.
Origin of name.
The property gets its name from its view of the gap in the Blue Ridge made by the Potomac River at Harpers Ferry.
History.
Walter Baker came to then, Berkeley County, Virginia, in 1770 and began clearing the property. A small limestone house was built by Baker in 1750, on property that was granted to Henry Lloyd by Thomas Fairfax, 6th Lord Fairfax of Cameron. The main house of the farm was built by Baker in 1774. At Baker's death in 1820, the property was sold by Baker's widow, Jacobina, to James L. Ranson. When Ranson fell on hard times, he sold it to Parker Strode in 1868. In 1871, the property was acquired by Charles Aglionby, who owned the adjoining Mount Pleasant estate and a portion of Media Farm. Over time the house was expanded in four phases. In 1937, the farm was again sold to a family by the name of Barlett.
In 1954, the farm was purchased by World War I veteran Frank Buckles and his wife Audrey (who died in 1999). Their daughter Susannah was born there in 1955 and would come back to live there after her Mother's death. Buckles would ultimately become the last U.S. survivor of World War I, and lived there until his death on February 27, 2011 at the age of 110.
On January 9, 1997, the farm and property were placed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Conservation.
Susannah Buckles Flanagan and husband Mike Flanagan run the day-to-day operations of the farm and have made the farm more eco-friendly. In May 2008, volunteers planted over 1,000 trees and shrubs on the farm.
Many local agencies have worked with the Flanagans to plant trees and shrubs, as well as wetland species of trees and shrubs, along the property's stream and wetland areas.
The Flanagans also installed 15,000 feet of fencing as part land retirement program called the Conservation Reserve Enhancement Program. The fencing separated the farm's conservation areas from the farm's other residents, 130 head of cattle.
In July 2009, it was announced that the farm was in the running for the West Virginia Conservation Farmer of the Year, though it is unclear if the farm won. The farm had won Jefferson County Conservation Farmer of the Year in 2009.
In October 2009, the property was being "challenged" by development, causing the Flanagans to consider the West Virginia Agricultural Land Protection Program to prevent that from happening.

</doc>
<doc id="18390950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18390950" title="Emmaus College, Melbourne">
Emmaus College, Melbourne

Emmaus College is a Coeducational Catholic secondary college which serves the middle, eastern suburbs of Melbourne, Australia. The school has a Main Campus (Years 7,8,10,11 and 12) in Vermont South and a Year 9 campus in Burwood. It has a population of approximately 1200 students and slowly growing. Emmaus College is a member of the EISM Sporting Association (joined in 1989).
History.
Emmaus College was established in February, 1980 through the merger of St Thomas More College in Vermont South (1968–1979) and Chavoin College in Burwood (1966–1979). Emmaus College was the first co-educational secondary college in the Archdiocese of Melbourne to be formed from the union of an all-boys school with an all-girls school. 
Academics.
VCE Results.
In 2009, Emmaus College achieved a 100% pass rate and all Year 12 students were qualified for tertiary entrance, Emmaus College's 2009 VCE results were above state average. Median Study Score was 32 (State's average is 30) and 9% all study scores were at or above 40 (Placing students in the top 8% in the state, state's median is 5%). Using these figures, in 2009, Emmaus College was placed in the top 20% out of 523 Victorian Secondary Schools and was the best performed class for a Victorian Catholic Co-educational school. 
Houses.
Emmaus College is divided into four houses each bearing the last name of a notable figure in the History of the Catholic Church.
The fours houses are:

</doc>
<doc id="18390952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18390952" title="Tarku, India">
Tarku, India

Tarku is a small town in the South Sikkim district of the Indian state of Sikkim.

</doc>
<doc id="18390957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18390957" title="Two miles">
Two miles

The 2 mile is a historic running distance. Like the mile run, it is still contested at some invitational meets, perhaps because it provides an easier record to break for meet promoters (and corresponding bonus payment for participants), as well as its historical chronology. It is largely superseded by the 3000 m and 5000 m, and by the 3200m in NFHS American high school competitions. The IAAF no longer keeps official world records for this distance; they are called world best instead.
The world record for men is 7:58.61 set by Kenyan Daniel Komen in Hechtel, Belgium 19 July 1997. The women's record is 8:58.58, set by Ethiopian Meseret Defar in Brussels, Belgium 14 September 2007.
World Record Progression.
High school boys.
Note: this list covers primarily boys because the history of 2 mile running largely occurred before Title IX, before high school girls were allowed to compete, which occurred about the same time as conversion to metric distances.

</doc>
<doc id="18390958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18390958" title="Manjhitar">
Manjhitar

Manjhitar is a small town in the South Sikkim district of the Indian state of Sikkim. The Sikkim Manipal University is situated here.
Geography.
It is located at at an elevation of 278 m above MSL.

</doc>
<doc id="18390969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18390969" title="Miriam Pabón">
Miriam Pabón

Miriam Ivette Pabón Carrión (born January 3, 1985 in New York), also known as Mimi Pabón, is an American-born Puerto Rican TV host, entertainment reporter, actress, model and beauty pageant titleholder who currently works for Wapa and Wapa America where she recently hosted Idol Puerto Rico's backstage coverage.
Early life.
Born in New York, she moved with her family back to Puerto Rico at age 9. Since early age she demonstrated a big interest in dance, music, modeling and everything related to the entertainment industry. She received her education in public schools and then went on to study at both the University of Puerto Rico in Humacao and then in the Río Piedras district of San Juan, where she majored a Magna Cum Laude Degree in Theater & Education.
Pageantry.
Miss Puerto Rico Teen Latina.
At age 16 she won the title of Miss Puerto Rico Teen Latina.
Miss International 2008.
Miriam represented Puerto Rico at the Miss International 2008 pageant held in Japan and Macau on November 8, 2008 where she placed in the Top 12.
Miss World Puerto Rico 2008.
in 2008, Pabon represented Juncos municipality at Miss World Puerto Rico 2008 where she finished as 3rd Runner-Up.
Miss America 2010.
On July 31, 2009, Pabón was crowned Miss Puerto Rico 2009 and also won the Community Service Award. She went on to represent Puerto Rico at the Miss America 2010 pageant where she won the Swimsuit Preliminary Competition, becoming the first representative of Puerto Rico and a territory to do so. She was the first woman to represent Puerto Rico at Miss America pageant after 50 years of absence.
Miss Universe Puerto Rico 2011.
In 2010 she represented San Juan municipality in the Miss Universe Puerto Rico 2011 pageant where she placed in the Top 10 and won the Miss L'Bel Face Award.
Career.
Mimi started to model at the early age of 3 and went professional at age 14. As a model she has featured in covers and editorials of magazines like Ocean Drive, "Imagén", "Caras", "Buena Vida", "Esposa Moderna", "Agenda para la Novia", "Maxim", and more. She has landed campaigns for brands like "Walmart", "Avon", "L’bel", "Beyond Salon", "Esika", "Kinder Bueno", "Chevrolet", and more.
Around age 16 she started a career as an actress for commercials and films. Some of the national gigs she landed were "Burger King", "Jeep", "Pepsi", "Heineken", "Brugal", "Armor All", and "IBC Root Beer" as well as other brands.
She has appeared in music videos for Latin artists like Don Omar, Ricky Martin, N'Klabe, Víctor Santiago, and Elvis Crespo. She co-starred in the short films "Heaven & Hell" and "Panas Arrested" and had a minor roll in the TV series "Decisiones Puerto Rico". She was also one of Zoe Saldana's stand-ins for "The Losers".
Miriam divides her time as an actress, model and mainly as a TV presenter and entertainment reporter working for channels like WAPA and WAPA America on their entertainment program "Jangueo TV". She found a passion for TV hosting at age 17 with her first experience being in a show called "Noche Caliente". In 2009, she started working as a host for the "Lottery Games of Puerto Rico". In 2012, she hosted the backstage coverage for Idol Puerto Rico's 2nd and 3rd season. As an entertainment reporter she has a long list of many major latin artists she has interviewed including various Grammy winners like Ednita Nazario, Tommy Torres, Prince Royce, Noel Schajris, Gilberto Santa Rosa, Carlos Vives, Luis Enrique, Pablo Alborán, Jerry Rivera, Víctor Manuelle, Tito El Bambino, Wisin & Yandel, Elvis Crespo, Arcángel, Kany Garcia, Sie7e, Jesse & Joy, Antonio Orozco, Pedro Capó, and many more.
Personal life.
Her future plans are to move to the U.S. and pursue her career as an actress both in film and television along with her growing career as a TV host.
In 2012 Pabón married barber Ángel Reyes. However in 2013, after less than one year of marriage, Pabón confirmed on her facebook page that the two had divorced.
In 2012 she gave birth to her first child with Reyes, son Ricardo.

</doc>
<doc id="18390974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18390974" title="Da 1 U Luv 2 Hate">
Da 1 U Luv 2 Hate

Da 1 U Love 2 Hate is an independently released album by G-Unit Records rapper, Spider Loc. It was released via his own label, Baymaac Records. This album has never charted.
Reception.
ThugLifeArmy.com said Spider Loc "takes you on a journey from the dark and somber times of ""Bury Me A G"" to the haunting and chilling ""Amazin"" to ""Just Pray"" which demonstrates a more spiritual side."
The CEO of Iceman Music Group, distributor for the album, said "Spider has been the West Coast Best Kept Secret for too long now. With this new incredible release the world will see how truly talented this artist really is."

</doc>
<doc id="18390988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18390988" title="Causes of the United States housing bubble">
Causes of the United States housing bubble

Observers and analysts have attributed the reasons for the 2001-2006 housing bubble and its 2007-10 collapse in the United States to "everyone from home buyers to Wall Street, mortgage brokers to Alan Greenspan". Other factors that are named include "Mortgage underwriters, investment banks, rating agencies, and investors", "low mortgage interest rates, low short-term interest rates, relaxed standards for mortgage loans, and irrational exuberance" Politicians in both the Democratic and Republican political parties have been cited for "pushing to keep derivatives unregulated" and "with rare exceptions" giving Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac "unwavering support". 
Government policies.
Housing tax policy.
In July 1978, Section 121 allowed for a $100,000 one-time exclusion in capital gains for sellers 55 years or older at the time of sale. In 1981, the Section 121 exclusion was increased from $100,000 to $125,000. The Tax Reform Act of 1986 eliminated the tax deduction for interest paid on credit cards. As mortgage interest remained deductible, this encouraged the use of home equity through refinancing, second mortgages, and home equity lines of credit (HELOC) by consumers. 
The Taxpayer Relief Act of 1997 repealed the Section 121 exclusion and section 1034 rollover rules, and replaced them with a $500,000 married/$250,000 single exclusion of capital gains on the sale of a home, available once every two years. This made housing the only investment which escaped capital gains. These tax laws encouraged people to buy expensive, fully mortgaged homes, as well as invest in second homes and investment properties, as opposed to investing in stocks, bonds, or other assets.
Deregulation.
Historically, the financial sector was heavily regulated by the Glass–Steagall Act which separated commercial and investment banks. It also set strict limits on Banks' interest rates and loans.
Starting in the 1980s, considerable deregulation took place in banking. Banks were deregulated through:
This deregulation allowed many risky products to exist (such as Adjustable-rate mortgages) which contributed to the housing bubble and easy credit.
Several authors single out the banking deregulation by the Gramm–Leach–Bliley Act as significant. Nobel Prize-winning economist Paul Krugman has called Senator Phil Gramm "the father of the financial crisis" due to his sponsorship of the act. Nobel Prize-winning economist Joseph Stiglitz has also argued that GLB helped to create the crisis. An article in "The Nation" has made the same argument.
Economists Robert Ekelund and Mark Thornton have also criticized the Act as contributing to the crisis. They state that while "in a world regulated by a gold standard, 100% reserve banking, and no FDIC deposit insurance" the Financial Services Modernization Act would have made "perfect sense" as a legitimate act of deregulation, but under the present fiat monetary system it "amounts to corporate welfare for financial institutions and a moral hazard that will make taxpayers pay dearly."
Critics have also noted defacto deregulation through a shift in mortgage securitization market share from more highly regulated Government Sponsored Enterprises to less regulated investment banks.
However, many economists, analysts and politicians reject the criticisms of the GLB legislation. Brad DeLong, a former advisor to President Clinton and economist at the University of California, Berkeley and Tyler Cowen of George Mason University have both argued that the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act softened the impact of the crisis by allowing for mergers and acquisitions of collapsing banks as the crisis unfolded in late 2008. "Alice M. Rivlin, who served as a deputy director of the Office of Management and Budget under Bill Clinton, said that GLB was a necessary piece of legislation because the separation of investment and commercial banking 'wasn't working very well.' Even Bill Clinton stated (in 2008): 'I don't see that signing that bill had anything to do with the current crisis'"
Mandated loans.
Republican Senator Marco Rubio has stated that the housing crisis was "created by reckless government policies.” Republican appointee to the Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission Peter J. Wallison and coauthor Edward Pinto believed that the housing bubble and crash was due to federal mandates to promote affordable housing. These were applied through the Community Reinvestment Act and "government sponsored entities" (GSE's) "Fannie Mae" (Federal National Mortgage Association) and "Freddie Mac" (Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation). Journalist Daniel Indiviglio argues the two GSE's played a major role, while not denying the importance of Wall Street and others in the private sector in creating the collapse.
The Housing and Community Development Act of 1992 established an affordable housing loan purchase mandate for Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, and that mandate was to be regulated by HUD. Initially, the 1992 legislation required that 30 percent or more of Fannie’s and Freddie’s loan purchases be related to affordable housing. However, HUD was given the power to set future requirements. In 1995 HUD mandated that 40 percent of Fannie and Freddie’s loan purchases would have to support affordable housing. In 1996, HUD directed Freddie and Fannie to provide at least 42% of their mortgage financing to borrowers with income below the median in their area. This target was increased to 50% in 2000 and 52% in 2005. Under the Bush Administration HUD continued to pressure Fannie and Freddie to increase affordable housing purchases – to as high as 56 percent by the year 2008. To satisfy these mandates, Fannie and Freddie eventually announced low-income and minority loan commitments totaling $5 trillion. Critics argue that, to meet these commitments, Fannie and Freddie promoted a loosening of lending standards - industry-wide. 
Regarding the Community Reinvestment Act (CRA), Economist Stan Liebowitz wrote in the "New York Post" that a strengthening of the CRA in the 1990s encouraged a loosening of lending standards throughout the banking industry. He also charged the Federal Reserve with ignoring the negative impact of the CRA. American Enterprise Institute Scholar Edward Pinto noted that, in 2008, Bank of America reported that its CRA portfolio, which constituted only 7 percent of its owned residential mortgages, was responsible for 29 percent of its losses. A Cleveland Plain Dealer investigation found that "The City of Cleveland has aggravated its vexing foreclosure problems and has lost millions in tax dollars by helping people buy homes they could not afford." The newspaper added that these problem mortgages "typically came from local banks fulfilling federal requirements to lend money in poorer neighborhoods." 
Others argue that "pretty much all the evidence on the housing crisis shows" that Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, the (CRA) and their affordability goals were not a major reason for the bubble and crash. 
Law professor David Min argues that view (blaming GSE's and CRA) "is clearly contradicted by the facts", namely that 
However, according to Peter J. Wallison, other developed countries with "large bubbles during the 1997–2007 period" had "far lower ... losses associated with mortgage delinquencies and defaults" because (according to Wallison), these countries' bubbles were not supported by a huge number of government mandated substandard loans – generally with low or no downpayments" as was the case in the US.
Other analysis calls into question the validity of comparing the residential loan crisis to the commercial loan crisis. After researching the default of commercial loans during the financial crisis, Xudong An and Anthony B. Sanders reported (in December 2010): "We find limited evidence that substantial deterioration in CMBS mortgage-backed securities loan underwriting occurred prior to the crisis." Other analysts support the contention that the crisis in commercial real estate and related lending took place "after" the crisis in residential real estate. Business journalist Kimberly Amadeo reports: "The first signs of decline in residential real estate occurred in 2006. Three years later, commercial real estate started feeling the effects. Denice A. Gierach, a real estate attorney and CPA, wrote:...most of the commercial real estate loans were good loans destroyed by a really bad economy. In other words, the borrowers did not cause the loans to go bad, it was the economy. 
In their book on the financial crisis Business journalists Bethany McLean and Joe Nocera argue that the charges against Fannie and Freddie are "completely upside down; Fannie and Freddie raced to get into subprime mortgages because they feared being left behind by their nongovernment competitors." 
Most early estimates showed that the subprime mortgage boom and the subsequent crash were very much concentrated in the private market, not the public market of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. According to an estimate made by the Federal Reserve in 2008, more than 84 percent of the subprime mortgages came from private lending institutions in 2006. The share of subprime loans insured by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac also decreased as the bubble got bigger (from a high of insuring 48 percent to insuring 24 percent of all subprime loans in 2006). 
To make its estimate, the Federal Reserve did not directly analyze the characteristics of the loans (such as downpayment sizes); rather, it assumed that loans carrying interest rates 3% or more higher than normal rates were subprime and loans with lower interest rates were prime. Critics dispute the Federal Reserve's use of interest rates to distinguish prime from subprime loans. They say that subprime loan estimates based on use of the high-interest-rate proxy are distorted because government programs generally promote low-interest rate loans – even when the loans are to borrowers who are clearly subprime. 
According to Min, while Fannie and Freddie did buy high-risk mortgage-backed securities,
Min's contention that Fannie and Freddie did not buy a significant amount of high-risk mortgage backed securities must be evaluated in light of subsequent SEC security fraud charges brought against executives of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac in December 2011. Significantly, the SEC alleged (and still maintains) that Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac reported as subprime and substandard "less than 10 percent" of their actual subprime and substandard loans. In other words, the substandard loans held in the GSE portfolios may have been 10 times greater than originally reported. According to Peter Wallison of the American Enterprise Institute, that would make the SEC's estimate of GSE substandard loans about $2 trillion - significantly higher than Edward Pinto's estimate.
The Federal Reserve also estimated that only six percent of higher-priced loans were extended by Community Reinvestment Act-covered lenders to lower-income borrowers or CRA neighborhoods. (As it did with respect to GSE loans, the Federal Reserve assumed that all CRA loans were prime unless they carried interest rates 3% or more above the normal rate, an assumption disputed by others.) In a 2008 speech, Federal Reserve Governor Randall Kroszner, argued that the CRA could not be responsible for the subprime mortgage crisis, stating that 
"first, only a small portion of subprime mortgage originations are related to the CRA. Second, CRA-related loans appear to perform comparably to other types of subprime loans. Taken together… we believe that the available evidence runs counter to the contention that the CRA contributed in any substantive way to the current mortgage crisis" Others, such as Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Chairman Sheila Bair, and Ellen Seidman of the New America Foundation also argue that the CRA was not responsible for the crisis. The CRA also only affected one out of the top 25 subprime lenders. According to several economists, Community Reinvestment Act loans outperformed other "subprime" mortgages, and GSE mortgages performed better than private label securitizations.
Nonetheless, economists at the National Bureau of Economic Research concluded that banks undergoing CRA-related regulatory exams took additional mortgage lending risk. The authors of a study entitled "Did the Community Reinvestment Act Lead to Risky Lending?" compared "the lending behavior of banks undergoing CRA exams within a given census tract in a given month (the treatment group) to the behavior of banks operating in the same census tract-month that did not face these exams (the control group). This comparison clearly indicates that adherence to the CRA led to riskier lending by banks." They concluded: "The evidence shows that around CRA examinations, when incentives to conform to CRA standards are particularly high, banks not only increase lending rates but also appear to originate loans that are markedly riskier." Loan delinquency averaged 15% higher in the treatment group than the control group one year after mortgage origination.
Historically low interest rates.
According to some, such as John B. Taylor and Thomas M. Hoenig, "excessive risk-taking and the housing boom" were brought on by the Federal Reserve holding "interest rates too low for too long". 
In the wake of the dot-com crash and the subsequent 2001–2002 recession the Federal Reserve dramatically lowered interest rates to historically low levels, from about 6.5% to just 1%. This spurred easy credit for banks to make loans. By 2006 the rates had moved up to 5.25% which lowered the demand and increased the monthly payments for adjustable rate mortgages. The resulting foreclosures increased supply, dropping housing prices further. Former Federal Reserve Board Chairman Alan Greenspan admitted that the housing bubble was "fundamentally engendered by the decline in real long-term interest rates." 
Mortgages had been bundled together and sold on Wall Street to investors and other countries looking for a higher return than the 1% offered by Federal Reserve. The percentage of risky mortgages was increased while rating companies claimed they were all top-rated. Instead of the limited regions suffering the housing drop, it was felt around the world. The Congressmen who had pushed to create subprime loans now cited Wall Street and their rating companies for misleading these investors.
In the United States, mortgage rates are typically set in relation to 10-year treasury bond yields, which, in turn, are affected by Federal Funds rates. The Federal Reserve acknowledges the connection between lower interest rates, higher home values, and the increased liquidity the higher home values bring to the overall economy. A Federal Reserve report reads:
For this reason, some have criticized then Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan for "engineering" the housing bubble, saying, e.g., "It was the Federal Reserve-engineered decline in rates that inflated the housing bubble." Between 2000 and 2003, the interest rate on 30-year fixed-rate mortgages fell 2.5 percentage points (from 8% to all-time historical low of about 5.5%). The interest rate on one-year adjustable rate mortgages (1/1 ARMs) fell 3 percentage points (from about 7% to about 4%). Richard Fisher, president of the Dallas Fed, said in 2006 that the Fed's low interest-rate policies unintentionally prompted speculation in the housing market, and that the subsequent "substantial correction inflicting real costs to millions of homeowners."
Economist Joseph Stiglitz argues that Greenspan was compelled to cut rates to maintain growth and employment after the 2001 and 2003 tax cuts of the Bush administration failed to lift the economy out of the post-Dot-com bubble recession.
A drop in mortgage interest rates reduces the cost of borrowing and should logically result in an increase in prices in a market where most people borrow money to purchase a home (for instance, in the United States), so that average payments remain constant. If one assumes that the housing market is efficient, the expected change in housing prices (relative to interest rates) can be computed mathematically. The calculation in the sidebox shows that a 1 percentage point change in interest rates would theoretically affect home prices by about 10% (given 2005 rates on fixed-rate mortgages). This represents a 10-to-1 multiplier between percentage point changes in interest rates and percentage change in home prices. For interest-only mortgages (at 2005 rates), this yields about a 16% change in principal for a 1% change in interest rates at current rates. Therefore, the 2% drop in long-term interest rates can account for about a 10 × 2% = 20% rise in home prices
if every buyer is using a fixed-rate mortgage (FRM), or about 16 × 3% ≈ 50% if every buyer is using an adjustable rate mortgage (ARM) whose interest rates dropped 3%. 
Robert Shiller shows that the inflation adjusted U.S. home price increase has been about 45% during this period, an increase in valuations that is approximately consistent with most buyers financing their purchases using ARMs. In areas of the United States believed to have a housing bubble, price increases have far exceeded the 50% that might be explained by the cost of borrowing using ARMs. For example, in San Diego area, average mortgage payments grew 50% between 2001 and 2004. When interest rates rise, a reasonable question is how much house prices will fall, and what effect this will have on those holding negative equity, as well as on the U.S. economy in general. The salient question is whether interest rates are a determining factor in specific markets where there is high
sensitivity to housing affordability. (Thomas Sowell in his book, Housing Boom and Bust, points out that these markets where there is high sensitivity to housing affordability are created by laws that restrict land use and thus its supply. In areas like Houston which has no zoning laws the Fed rate had no effect.)
Return to higher rates.
Between 2004 and 2006, the Fed raised interest rates 17 times, increasing them from 1% to 5.25%, before pausing. The Fed paused raising interest rates because of the concern that an accelerating downturn in the housing market could undermine the overall economy, just as the crash of the dot-com bubble in 2000 contributed to the subsequent recession. However, New York University economist Nouriel Roubini asserted that "The Fed should have tightened earlier to avoid a festering of the housing bubble early on."
There was a great debate as to whether or not the Fed would lower rates in late 2007. The majority of economists expected the Fed to maintain the Fed funds rate at 5.25 percent through 2008; however, on September 18, it lowered the rate to 4.75 percent.
Regions affected.
Home price appreciation has been non-uniform to such an extent that some economists, including former Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan, arguedthe that United States was not experiencing a nationwide housing bubble "per se", but a number of local bubbles. However, in 2007 Greenspan admitted that there was in fact a bubble in the US housing market, and that "all the froth bubbles add up to an aggregate bubble." 
Despite greatly relaxed lending standards and low interest rates, many regions of the country saw very little growth during the "bubble period". Out of 20 largest metropolitan areas tracked by the S&P/Case-Shiller house price index, six (Dallas, Cleveland, Detroit, Denver, Atlanta, and Charlotte) saw less than 10% price growth in inflation-adjusted terms in 2001–2006. During the same period, seven metropolitan areas (Tampa, Miami, San Diego, Los Angeles, Las Vegas, Phoenix, and Washington DC) appreciated by more than 80%.
Somewhat paradoxically, as the housing bubble deflates some metropolitan areas (such as Denver and Atlanta) have been experiencing high foreclosure rates, even though they did not see much house appreciation in the first place and therefore did not appear to be contributing to the national bubble. This was also true of some cities in the Rust Belt such as Detroit and Cleveland, where weak local economies had produced little house price appreciation early in the decade but still saw declining values and increased foreclosures in 2007. As of January 2009 California, Michigan, Ohio and Florida were the states with the highest foreclosure rates.
'Mania' for home ownership.
Americans' love of their homes is widely known and acknowledged; however, many believe that enthusiasm for home ownership is currently high even by American standards, calling the real estate market "frothy", "speculative madness", and a "mania". Many observers have commented on this phenomenon—as evidenced by the cover of the June 13, 2005 issue of "Time Magazine" (itself taken as a sign of the bubble's peak)—but as a 2007 article in "Forbes" warns, "to realize that America's mania for home-buying is out of all proportion to sober reality, one needs to look no further than the current subprime lending mess... As interest
rates—and mortgage payments—have started to climb, many of these new owners are having difficulty making ends meet... Those borrowers are much worse off than before they bought." The boom in housing has also created a boom in the real estate profession; for example, California has a record half-million real estate licencees—one for every 52 adults living in the state, up 57% in the last five years.
The overall U.S. homeownership rate increased from 64 percent in 1994 (about where it was since 1980) to a peak in 2004 with an all-time high of 69.2 percent. Bush's 2004 campaign slogan "the ownership society" indicates the strong preference and societal influence of Americans to own the homes they live in, as opposed to renting. However, in many parts of the United States, rent does not cover mortgage costs; the national median mortgage payment is $1,687 per month, nearly twice the median rent payment of $868 per month, although this ratio can vary significantly from market to market.
Suspicious Activity Reports pertaining to Mortgage fraud increased by 1,411 percent between 1997 and 2005. Both borrowers seeking to obtain homes they could not otherwise afford, and industry insiders seeking monetary gain, were implicated.
Belief that housing is a good investment.
Among Americans, home ownership is widely accepted as preferable to renting in many cases, especially when the ownership term is expected to be at least five years. This is partly because the fraction of a fixed-rate mortgage used to pay down the principal builds equity for the homeowner over time, while the interest portion of the loan payments qualifies for a tax break, whereas, except for the personal tax deduction often available to renters but not to homeowners, money spent on rent does neither. However, when considered as an investment, that is, an asset that is expected to grow in value over time, as opposed to the utility of shelter that home ownership provides, housing is not a risk-free investment. The popular notion that, unlike stocks, homes do not fall in value is believed to have contributed to the mania for purchasing homes. Stock prices are reported in real time, which means investors witness the volatility. However, homes are usually valued yearly or less often, thereby smoothing out perceptions of volatility. This assertion that property prices rise has been true for the United States as a whole since the Great Depression, and appears to be encouraged by the real estate industry. 
However, housing prices can move both up and down in local markets, as evidenced by the relatively recent price history in locations such as New York, Los Angeles, Boston, Japan, Seoul, Sydney, and Hong Kong; large trends of up and down price fluctuations can be seen in many U.S. cities (see graph). Since 2005, the year-over-year median sale prices (inflation-adjusted) of single family homes in Massachusetts fell over 10% in 2006. Economist David Lereah formerly of the National Association of Realtors (NAR) said in August 2006 that "he expects home prices to come down 5% nationally, more in some markets, less in others." Commenting in August 2005 on the perceived low risk of housing as an investment vehicle, Alan Greenspan said, "history has not dealt kindly with the aftermath of protracted periods of low risk premiums."
Compounding the popular expectation that home prices do not fall, it is also widely believed that home values will yield average or better-than-average returns as investments. The investment motive for purchasing homes should not be conflated with the necessity of shelter that housing provides; an economic comparison of the relative costs of owning versus renting the equivalent utility of shelter can be made separately (see boxed text). Over the holding periods of decades, inflation-adjusted house prices have increased less than 1% per year. 
Robert Shiller shows that over long periods, inflation adjusted U.S. home prices increased 0.4% per year from 1890–2004, and 0.7% per year from 1940–2004. Piet Eichholtz also showed comparable results for housing prices on a single street in Amsterdam (the site of the fabled tulip mania, and where the housing supply is notably limited) over a 350 year period. Such meager returns are dwarfed by investments in the stock and bond markets; although, these investments are not heavily leveraged by fair interest loans. If historic trends hold, it is reasonable to expect home prices to only slightly beat inflation over the long term. Furthermore, one way to assess the quality of any investment is to compute its price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio, which for houses can be defined as the price of the house divided by the potential annual rental income, minus expenses including property taxes, maintenance, insurance, and condominium fees. For many
locations, this computation yields a P/E ratio of about 30–40, which is considered by economists to be high for both the housing and the stock markets; historical price-to-rent ratios are 11–12. For comparison, just before the dot-com crash the P/E ratio of the S&P 500 was 45, while in 2005–2007 around 17. In a 2007 article comparing the cost and risks of renting to buying using a buy vs. rent calculator, the "New York Times" concluded,
A 2007 "Forbes" article titled "Don't Buy That House" invokes similar arguments and concludes that for now, "resist the pressure buy. There may be no place like home, but there's no reason you can't rent it."
Promotion in the media.
In late 2005 and into 2006, there were an abundance of television programs promoting real estate investment and flipping.
In addition to the numerous television shows, book stores in cities throughout the United States could be seen showing large displays of books touting real-estate investment, such as NAR chief economist David Lereah's book "Are You Missing the Real Estate Boom?", subtitled "Why Home Values and Other Real Estate Investments Will Climb Through The End of The Decade - And How to Profit From Them", published in February 2005. One year later, Lereah retitled his book "Why the Real Estate Boom Will Not Bust - And How You Can Profit from It".
However, following Federal Reserve chairman Ben Bernanke's comments on the "downturn of the housing market" in August 2006, Lereah said in an NBC interview that "we've had a boom marketplace: you've got to correct because booms cannot sustain itself forever ." Commenting on the phenomenon of shifting NAR accounts of the national housing market (see David Lereah's comments), the Motley Fool reported, "There's nothing funnier or more satisfying ... than watching the National Association of Realtors (NAR) change its tune these days. ... the NAR is full of it and will spin the numbers any way it can to keep up the pleasant fiction that all is well."
Upon leaving the NAR in May 2007, Lereah explained to Robert Siegel of National Public Radio that using the word "boom" in the title was actually his publisher's idea, and "a poor choice of titles".
Speculative fever.
The graph above shows the total notional value of derivatives relative to US Wealth measures. It is important to note for the casual observer that, in many cases, notional values of derivatives carry little meaning. Often the parties cannot easily agree on terms to close a derivative contract. The common solution has been to create an equal and opposite contract, often with a different party, in order to net payments (Derivatives market#Netting), thus eliminating all but the counterparty risk of the contract, but doubling the nominal value of outstanding contracts.
As median home prices began to rise dramatically in 2000–2001 following the fall in interest rates, speculative purchases of homes also increased. "Fortune" magazine's article on housing speculation in 2005 said, "America was awash in a stark, raving frenzy that looked every bit as crazy as dot-com stocks." In a 2006 interview in "BusinessWeek" magazine, Yale economist Robert Shiller said of the impact of speculators on long term valuations, "I worry about a big fall because prices today are being supported by a speculative fever," and former NAR chief economist David Lereah said in 2005 that "a speculative element in home buying now." Speculation in some local markets has been greater than others, and any correction in valuations is expected to be strongly related to the percentage amount of speculative purchases. In the same "BusinessWeek" interview, Angelo Mozilo, CEO of mortgage lender Countrywide Financial, said in March 2006: 
The chief economist for the National Association of Home Builders, David Seiders, said that California, Las Vegas, Florida and the Washington, D.C., area "have the largest potential for a price slowdown" because the rising prices in those markets were fed by speculators who bought homes intending to "flip" or sell them for a quick profit.
Dallas Fed president Richard Fisher said in 2006 that the Fed held its target rate at 1 percent "longer than it should have been" and unintentionally prompted speculation in the housing market.
Various real estate investment advisors openly advocated the use of no money down property flipping, which led to the demise of many speculators who followed this strategy such as Casey Serin.
Buying and selling above normal multiples.
Home prices, as a multiple of annual rent, have been 15 since World War II. In the bubble, prices reached a multiple of 26. In 2008, prices had fallen to a multiple of 22.
In some areas houses were selling at multiples of replacement costs, especially when prices were correctly adjusted for depreciation. Cost per square foot indexes still show wide variability from city to city, therefore it may be that new houses can be built more cheaply in some areas than asking prices for existing homes.
Possible factors of this variation from city to city are housing supply constraints, both regulatory and geographical. Regulatory constraints such as urban growth boundaries serve to reduce the amount of developable land and thus increase prices for new housing construction. Geographic constraints (water bodies, wetlands, and slopes) cannot be ignored either. It is debatable which type of constraint contributes more to price fluctuations. Some argue that the latter, by inherently increasing the value of land in a defined area (because the amount of usable land is less), give homeowners and developers incentive to support regulations to further protect the value of their property. 
In this case, geographical constraints beget regulatory action. To the contrary, others will argue that geographic constraints are only a secondary factor, pointing to the more discernable effects that urban growth boundaries have on housing prices in such places as Portland, OR. Despite the presence of geographic constraints in the surrounding Portland area, their current urban growth boundary does not encompass those areas. Therefore, one would argue, such geographic constraints are a non issue.
Dot-com bubble collapse.
Yale economist Robert Shiller argues that the 2000 stock market crash displaced "irrational exuberance" from the fallen stock market to residential real estate: "Once stocks fell, real estate became the primary outlet for the speculative frenzy that the stock market had unleashed."
The crash of the dot-com and technology sectors in 2000 led to a (approximately) 70% drop in the NASDAQ composite index. Shiller and several other economists have argued this resulted in many people taking their money out of the stock market and purchasing real estate, believing it to be a more reliable investment.
Risky mortgage products and lax lending standards.
Excessive consumer housing debt was in turn caused by the mortgage-backed security, credit default swap, and collateralized debt obligation sub-sectors of the finance industry, which were offering irrationally low interest rates and irrationally high levels of approval to subprime mortgage consumers because they were calculating aggregate risk using gaussian copula formulas that strictly assumed the independence of individual component mortgages, when in fact the credit-worthiness almost every new subprime mortgage was highly correlated with that of any other because of linkages through consumer spending levels which fell sharply when property values began to fall during the initial wave of mortgage defaults. Debt consumers were acting in their rational self-interest, because they were unable to audit the finance industry's opaque faulty risk pricing methodology.
Expansion of subprime lending.
Low interest rates, high home prices, and flipping (or reselling homes to make a profit), effectively created an almost risk-free environment for lenders because risky or defaulted loans could be paid back by flipping homes.
Private lenders pushed subprime mortgages to capitalize on this, aided by greater market power for mortgage originators and less market power for mortgage securitizers. Subprime mortgages amounted to $35 billion (5% of total originations) in 1994, 9% in 1996, $160 billion (13%) in 1999, and $600 billion (20%) in 2006.
Risky products.
The recent use of subprime mortgages, adjustable rate mortgages, interest-only mortgages, and stated income loans (a subset of "Alt-A" loans, where the borrower did not have to provide documentation to substantiate the income stated on the application; these loans were also called "no doc" (no documentation) loans and, somewhat pejoratively, as "liar loans") to finance home purchases described above have raised concerns about the quality of these loans should interest rates rise again or the borrower is unable to pay the mortgage. 
In many areas, particularly in those with most appreciation, non-standard loans went from almost unheard of to prevalent. For example, 80% of all mortgages initiated in San Diego region in 2004 were adjustable-rate, and 47% were interest only.
In 1995, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac began receiving affordable housing credit for buying Alt-A securities Academic opinion is divided on how much this contributed to GSE purchases of nonprime MBS and to growth of nonprime mortgage origination. 
Some borrowers got around downpayment requirements by using seller-funded downpayment assistance programs (DPA), in which a seller gives money to a charitable organizations that then give the money to them. From 2000 through 2006, more than 650,000 buyers got their down payments through nonprofits.
According to a Government Accountability Office study, there are higher default and foreclosure rates for these mortgages. The study also showed that sellers inflated home prices to recoup their contributions to the nonprofits. 
On May 4, 2006 the IRS ruled that such plans are no longer eligible for non-profit status due to the circular nature of the cash flow, in which the seller pays the charity a "fee" after closing. On October 31, 2007 the Department of
Housing and Urban Development adopted new regulations banning so-called "seller-funded" downpayment programs. Most must cease providing grants on FHA loans immediately; one can operate until March 31, 2008.
Some believe that mortgage standards became lax because of a moral hazard, where each link in the mortgage chain collected profits while believing it was passing on risk.
Mortgage denial rates for conventional home purchase loans, reported under the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, have dropped noticeably, from 29 percent in 1998, to 14 percent in 2002 and 2003. Others have suggested that traditional gatekeepers such as mortgage securitizers and credit rating agencies lost their ability to maintain high standards because of competitive pressures. 
Another view holds that mortgage risks were underestimated by every institution in the chain from originator to investor by underweighting the possibility of falling housing prices given historical trends of rising prices. These authors argue that misplaced confidence in innovation and excessive optimism led to miscalculations by both public and private institutions. 
In March 2007, the United States' subprime mortgage industry collapsed due to higher-than-expected home foreclosure rates, with more than 25 subprime lenders declaring bankruptcy, announcing significant losses, or putting themselves up for sale. "Harper's Magazine" warned of the danger of rising interest rates for recent homebuyers holding such mortgages, as well as the U.S. economy as a whole: "The problem that prices are falling even as the buyers' total mortgage remains the same or even increases. ... Rising debt-service payments will further divert income from new consumer spending. Taken together, these factors will further shrink the “real” economy, drive down
those already declining real wages, and push our debt-ridden economy into Japan-style stagnation or worse." 
Factors that could contribute to rising rates are the U.S. national debt, inflationary pressure caused by such factors as increased fuel and housing costs, and changes in foreign investments in the U.S. economy. The Fed raised rates 17 times, increasing them from 1% to 5.25%, between 2004 and 2006. "BusinessWeek" magazine called the option ARM "the riskiest and most complicated home loan product ever created" and warned that over one million borrowers took out $466 billion in option ARMs in 2004 through the second quarter of 2006, citing concerns that these financial products could hurt individual borrowers the most and "worsen the bust." 
To address the problems arising from "liar loans", the Internal Revenue Service updated an income verification tool used by lenders to make confirmation of borrower's claimed income to be faster and easier. In April 2007, financial problems similar to the subprime mortgages began to appear with Alt-A loans made to homeowners who were thought to be less risky; the delinquency rate for Alt-A mortgages rose in 2007. The manager of the world's largest bond fund PIMCO, warned in June 2007 that the subprime mortgage crisis was not an isolated event and will eventually take a toll on the economy and whose ultimate impact will be on the impaired prices of homes.

</doc>
<doc id="18391002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391002" title="Dairy Industry Association of Australia">
Dairy Industry Association of Australia

The Dairy Industry Association of Australia (DIAA) is a not-for-profit industry association for dairy product manufacturers and allied trades. 
The DIAA was incorporated on 24 March 1986, following the amalgamation of the Australian Dairy Institute and the Australian Society of Dairy Technology.
The DIAA's mission is to promote excellence in the Australian dairy industry by providing a forum for communication, continuing education, professional growth, recognition and fellowship for all members, sectors and participant organisations involved with the dairy industry.
DIAA's members come from all sectors of the post-farmgate dairy industry and include:
The DIAA is a member of the Global Dairy Platform
DIAA executives are volunteers, and represent a wide cross-section of the post-farmgate dairy industry. DIAA members are encouraged to join their State executive and participate in the running of the DIAA.
DIAA structure.
The DIAA is governed by the State Representative Council (SRC), which meets four times a year to set the policy of the DIAA.The SRC is made up of a representative elected by each State Division, as well as the Federal President, Treasurer, National Executive Officer, Business Development Manager, Chair of the Publications Committee, and the Marketing and Membership Manager. There are also ex-officiary members, as nominated by the SRC relevant to the agenda of each meeting.
The SRC and the National Executive Officer conduct the overall management of the Association. The State Division members of the SRC usually serve a six-year term, advancing through to a two-year term as Federal President.
DIAA history.
The DIAA was incorporated on 24 March 1986, through the amalgamation of the Australian Dairy Institute (ADI) and the Australian Society of Dairy Technology (ASDT).
The two organisations had similar goals and a significant cross-membership. Amalgamation was seen as a way to combine resources and deliver value to members at the time of industry rationalisation and falling membership rates.
Australian Dairy Institute.
The Australian Dairy Institute began life in the 1890s, as the Butter Factories’ Managers Association.
The Association was conceived by Robert Crowe of Koroit and Tower Hill Butter Factory at the time when the Victorian countryside was under threat from drought, overgrazing, overstocking and plagues of introduced pests. The Association’s founding members were Robert Crowe, John Weatherhead from Camperdown, farmer and factory executive James Goldie, local dairyman James Eccles and Mr Hassell from the Western District. 
Guided by the Association’s slogan, ‘Strive to Excel’, dairy factory managers banded together to tackle the problems of product quality, economic conditions, supplier relationships and threats from emerging dairy substitutes such as margarine.
The Association’s first annual conference was held in 1893 at Parer’s on Bourke Street. The 30 delegates included Korumburra’s Jonathan Proud, Trafalgar’s Ed Knox, and Great Northern’s J.S. Graham. The conference’s theme was the responsibilities of factory managers.
In 1895, the Association sponsored a highly competitive cheese contest, which still continues in the form of the DIAA Dairy Product Competitions. Another early accomplishment of the Association was its push to found a dairying school at Werribee, with seed money pledged from member Victorian factories. 
With other States joining the Association – NSW in 1906, Tasmania in 1911 and Queensland in 1919 – its name was changed several times, to eventually become the Victorian Dairy Factory Managers and Secretaries Association. The first ‘official’ meeting of the four member states was held on 25 May 1927, presided over by President Elect, D.V. Evershed.
In 1936, under the leadership of A.J. Fraser, factory manager at Foster, the Association became a registered company under the name Australian Institute of Dairy Factory Managers and Secretaries Inc. 
In 1942, the Institute launched its official journal, Butter Fats and Solids, edited by Percy Turk. The Institute took full control of the magazine in 1959, under editor Stanley Green.
In 1979, the Institute changed its articles and became the Australian Dairy Institute, with machinery agents welcomed as members. The official journal became known as Australian Dairy Foods.
The full history of the Australian Dairy Institute is detailed in Norman Godbold's 100 Years of Co-Operation.
Australian Society of Dairy Technology.
The Australian Society of Dairy Technology (ASDT) was founded in 1945 by food technologists who took the long-term view of the dairy industry. The society’s goal was to advocate for ‘best possible use of all milk’ by improving processing methods and finding better ways to use skim milk as food.
Renowned dairy technologist, John Bryant, had seen the usefulness of the Society of Dairy Technology in England as an industry platform for educating personnel and passing on technical information. Together with industry visionary, Geoffrey Loftus-Hills, Bryant convened a meeting in Sydney on 22 May 1944, to found the NSW division of ASDT.
Other States soon followed: Victoria with 44 members on 21 July 1944; Queensland with 32 members on 2 August 1944; Western Australia with 50 members on 22 October 1944; South Australia with 25 members on 21 November 1944; and Tasmania with 13 members on 25 May 1945.
ASDT’s official publication, the Australian Journal of Dairy Technology, began publication in 1946. The society also held regular conferences and technical meetings.
DIAA's services.
The DIAA offers a variety of services to its members and the wider dairy industry. These include dairy product competitions, publications, industry directories, conferences, social events and more.

</doc>
<doc id="18391014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391014" title="Asociación Nacional de Fútbol Amateur">
Asociación Nacional de Fútbol Amateur

The Asociación Nacional de Fútbol Amateur ("National Association of Amateur Football"), locally known by its abbreviation ANFA, is the governing body of Chilean football on amateur level, and along with Asociación Nacional de Fútbol Profesional (ANFP), who is responsible for the professional counterpart, they made the Chilean Football Federation.
Its functions are to organize and promote the amateur football in Chile.
It is responsible for organizing the Chilean Tercera División A, the fourth level competition in Chilean football, and the Chilean Tercera División B, the fifth level competition, as well as the 345 Local Associations, located in 15 different Regional Associations.
They also organize the "Campeonato Amateur de Clubes Campeones", and the "Campeonato Amateur de Asociaciones" (at Adult and Youth levels).

</doc>
<doc id="18391018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391018" title="Daniel McAlister">
Daniel McAlister

Daniel McAlister (born 22 August 1978 in New Zealand) is an Australian rules footballer notable for his brief appearance in the Australian Football League for the Essendon Football Club.
McAlister was born in New Zealand. Of Māori heritage, he is one of few Maori Australians in the history of the VFL/AFL. 
McAlister grew up playing rugby union and rugby league as a junior in Taranaki.
His family emigrated to Tasmania when Daniel was 12, and after starting as a boundary umpire he played junior Australian rules in Smithton before moving to Hobart where he was selected in the Under 18 state team.
The 185 cm, 88 kg solidly built McAlister played just 6 games in three seasons between 1997 and 2002. 
Originally taken as a rookie, McAlister was delisted after playing just 2 senior games. 
Surprisingly, he was re-drafted in the 2001 AFL Draft, picked up again by Essendon at pick #64.
He was delisted at the end of 2002 after which he was signed to play for the Wodonga Raiders in country Victoria.

</doc>
<doc id="18391031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391031" title="Ahititi">
Ahititi

Ahititi is a locality in Taranaki, New Zealand. State Highway 3 runs through it. Mokau is 23 km to the north, Mimi is 26 km to the south-west, and Kotare is 16 km to the east. The Tongaporutu River flows through the area and into the North Taranaki Bight at Tongaporutu to the north-west. The name means "fire for cooking" ("ahi") "muttonbirds" ("titi").
Education.
Ahititi School is a coeducational full primary (years 1-8) school with a decile rating of five and a roll of 40. The school celebrated its 100th jubilee in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="18391067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391067" title="Moshe Agami">
Moshe Agami

Moshe Agami () is a former Israeli professional football (soccer) player who is best known for his time with Maccabi Haifa, when he led the club to a 4-1 victory over city rivals, Hapoel, while the majority of players were unavailable, serving in the Yom Kippur War. Agami was also the leading scorer for the club in three different seasons.
Playing career.
Agami signed up with Maccabi Haifa only because the bus rides were cheaper than traveling to city rivals, Hapoel. As a member of the youth system, he was part of the generation as such Maccabi Haifa legends as Aharon Gershgoren, Natan Hirsch, Karol Rotner and Mordechai Lubezky. Under the tutelage of Mordechai Martin, then youth team manager, Agami became the captain of the youth side before being called up by Avraham Menchel to the full side.
His draft into the Israel Defense Forces ruined his chances at breaking the first team, so he chose to join Maccabi Neve Sha'anan F.C. of the Liga Gimel in order to keep match fit. Agami guided Neve Sha'anan to promotion with 58 goals in his first season. After another stellar season with Neve Sha'anan, in which he was the league leading scorer, he left the club for Maccabi Hadera of the Liga Alef.
When Edmond Smeilowicz was appointed manager, he decided to bring Agami back to the club. He became known for his "heading" abilities and enjoyed many years with the club until he decided to retire in 1975. After his retirement, he moved to the United States. He quickly returned from the US to help Haifa gain promotion after they were relegated.

</doc>
<doc id="18391080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391080" title="Vadim Khinchagov">
Vadim Khinchagov

Vadim Khinchagov is a Russian football midfielder born on August 31, 1981. Currently, he plays for FC Sakhalin Yuzhno-Sakhalinsk. Previously played for FC Alania Vladikavkaz, FC Ekibastuzets, FC Rostov and SKA Rostov-on-Don. He was called for Kazakhstan national football team for the first time in June 2008, but not played.

</doc>
<doc id="18391084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391084" title="Mimagoniates">
Mimagoniates

Mimagoniates is a genus of tropical characid fish from Central and South America. Commonly known as croaking tetras or chirping tetras because they can produce sounds, some of these fish were formerly included in "Glandulocauda".
They have a supplementary breathing organ located above the gills which makes a faint chirping sound when these fish come to the surface to gulp air. It also plays a role in courtship as the male chases and hovers near the female while taking gulps of air and expelling it to make a rhythmic noise. 
Croaking behavior may have evolved from a behavior called "surface nipping", which occurs when the fish is searching for food. This gulping of air has no useful respiratory function.
Species.
The following species are accepted as valid today:

</doc>
<doc id="18391090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391090" title="Overcome (All That Remains album)">
Overcome (All That Remains album)

Overcome is the fourth studio album by the American heavy metal band, All That Remains. It was released on September 16, 2008. "Overcome" is the first and only album by All That Remains that was not produced by Adam Dutkiewicz of Killswitch Engage, as well as the first with the band's current drummer, Jason Costa.
Overview.
On July 21, 2008, two tracks from the new album - "Before the Damned" and "Relinquish" - made their first appearance on the band's MySpace profile. Commenting on the tracks, vocalist Philip Labonte stated, "This represents the heavier side of ATR. Last time we did this we put up 'The Weak Willed' and we feel like it's a bit of a tradition to really kick you in the nuts when we first show off new stuff! So here is the heaviest stuff we came up with for 'Overcome.'" "Chiron" made its first appearance on August 11, 2008, on the band's MySpace profile. The song was the first single from the album, with a behind-the-scenes shoot up and the official music video submitted to YouTube.
Two of the album's tracks, "Two Weeks" and "Chiron", were made available as downloadable content for Rock Band on September 9, 2008. The tracks were exclusive to Rock Band for one week before the album was released.
"Two Weeks" was added to the band's MySpace page on September 8, 2008, to help promote the release of the song pack on Rock Band. It is the album's second single and a music video has been released for it. The song has since become their biggest hit to date, entering the top ten on Billboard's Mainstream Rock Tracks.
The album entered the Billboard 200 at #16, and has sold over 200,000 copies.
The band released their third single from the album, "Forever In Your Hands", to radio on June 15, 2009. This also featured an acoustic version of the song, the first time the band had released an acoustic song.
On October 7, 2009, the band released the bonus track "Frozen", previously available in Japan only, as a free download from their website. On the same day, a music video for "Forever In Your Hands" was released.
On March 17, 2010, "Days Without" was released on the Rock Band Network as a downloadable song. On April 8, 2010, "Forever In Your Hands" followed. Finally, "Undone" was released on April 27, 2010

</doc>
<doc id="18391093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391093" title="Tug Hulett">
Tug Hulett

Timothy Craig "Tug" Hulett Jr. (born February 28, 1983 in Springfield, Illinois) is a professional baseball second baseman who is currently a free agent. He throws right-handed and bats left-handed. His father Tim played 12 seasons in Major League Baseball for the Chicago White Sox, Baltimore Orioles, and St. Louis Cardinals.
A .332 hitter for Auburn University, Hulett was drafted by the Texas Rangers in the 14th round of the 2004 Major League Baseball Draft. Hulett hit .274 in 70 games for the Single-A Spokane Indians in . In , he was promoted to the Single-A Clinton Lumber Kings, where he batted .265 and was a mid-season All-Star. He started in Single-A Bakersfield before being promoted to the Double-A Frisco RoughRiders. He played for the Oklahoma RedHawks in , hitting .272 in 132 games. On December 12, 2007, he was traded to the Seattle Mariners for Ben Broussard.
Hulett started with Triple-A Tacoma. After batting .302 in 71 games, Hulett was called up by the Mariners on July 10, after the release of struggling first baseman Richie Sexson. Hulett played one game in Seattle, going 1 for 3, before being sent back down to the Rainiers on July 18 when the Mariners called up first baseman Bryan LaHair.
On February 15, 2009, Hulett was designated for assignment to make room for newly claimed pitcher Luis Peña from the Milwaukee Brewers; he was claimed by the Kansas City Royals four days later.
On November 25, 2009, Hulett was traded to the Boston Red Sox for a player to be named later or cash considerations.
On August 8, 2010 the Red Sox released him.
On August 15, 2010, he signed a minor league deal with the Seattle Mariners and was assigned to the Triple-A Tacoma Rainiers.
On December 23, 2010, Hulett signed a minor league contract with the Colorado Rockies. He was released on April 7, 2011.
On April 23, 2011, Hulett signed a minor league contract with the Washington Nationals and was assigned to the Triple-A Syracuse Chiefs.
Hulett opened the 2012 season with Double-A Reading.
He signed with the Miami Marlins on a minor league contract in January 2013, but was released before the season started.

</doc>
<doc id="18391102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391102" title="The Pursuit">
The Pursuit

"The Pursuit", the first single off Evans Blue's second album, "The Pursuit Begins When This Portrayal of Life Ends", hit airwaves May 21, 2007 and was accompanied by a music video, directed by Jesse Ewles. The song peaked at #32 on US Modern Rock and #17 on US Mainstream Rock. It was released on iTunes on July 10, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18391120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391120" title="Poduromorpha">
Poduromorpha

The order Poduromorpha is one of the three main groups of springtails (Collembola), tiny hexapods related to insects. This group was formerly treated as a superfamily Poduroidea.
They can be best distinguished from the other springtail groups by their body shape. The Symphypleona are very round animals, almost spherical. The Entomobryomorpha contain the slimmest springtails, some with long and some with short legs and antennae, but always with a very slender body. The Poduromorpha, by contrast, always have short legs and a plump body, but more oval in shape than the Symphypleona.
Systematics.
The Poduromorpha were, as Poduroidea, united with the Entomobryomorpha (then called Entomobryoidea) in a group called "Arthropleona", but this has more recently turned out to be paraphyletic. Actually the Entomobryomorpha, the Poduromorpha, and the third springtail lineage – the Symphypleona – are equally distinct from each other. Their treatment at equal taxonomic rank reflects this. Their rank has also varied a bit. When the springtails were still believed to be an order of insects, the "Arthropleona" and the Symphypleona were treated as suborders.
List of families.
Includes fossil families.
Superfamily Neanuroidea
Superfamily Poduroidea
Superfamily Hypogastruroidea
Superfamily Gulgastruroidea
Superfamily Onychiuroidea
Superfamily Isotogastruroidea

</doc>
<doc id="18391122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391122" title="Physalis heterophylla">
Physalis heterophylla

Physalis heterophylla, colloquial name "Clammy Ground Cherry", is a herbaceous plant that is a member of the Solanaceae family. It is native to North America, occurring primarily in the eastern United States and Canada. It is known to occur in all contiguous states except for Nevada and California. It is found mainly in habitats such as dry or mesic prairies, gravel hills and rises, sandy or rocky soils, and waste places such as roadsides.
"P. heterophylla" is a perennial, and is one of the taller-growing North American members of the genus, reaching a height up to 50cm. The leaves are alternate, with petioles up to 1.5cm, ovate in shape, usually cordate at the base (this is especially true of mature leaves), 6-11 cm long at maturity. Each member of the "Physalis" genus has at least one characteristic that makes it easy to differentiate in the field. For "P. heterophylla", the stems and leaves are glandularly pubescent, giving it the "clammy" feel from which its name is derived. The plant also has distinctive thick rhizomes that run horizontal to the stem. Some sources recognize four distinct subspecies based primarily on leaf variation:
The flowers are on simple inflorescences that emerge from leaf apexes. The petals are yellow on the exterior, and yellow on the interior with purple highlights emanating up each petal from the base. They are funnelform in shape, with five fused petals. There are five reticulated sepals, which enlarge after flowering to eventually protect the maturing fruit. Stamens five, with yellow anthers and purple filaments. The flowers face downwards when open, and are about 2.5cm in diameter. The fruits are typical for the family (appearing like a tomatillo), and have a slightly bitter taste, though they are perfectly edible. The rest of the plant is poisonous.

</doc>
<doc id="18391127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391127" title="Guzmania sanguinea">
Guzmania sanguinea

Guzmania sanguinea is a species of plant in the Bromeliaceae family. This species is native to Brazil and Ecuador.

</doc>
<doc id="18391142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391142" title="Asociación Nacional de Fútbol Profesional">
Asociación Nacional de Fútbol Profesional

Structure and functions.
Legally, it is a corporation of deprived right, different from and independent of the clubs that integrate with it, and comprises the Federación de Fútbol de Chile. Through this linkage, it is related to the Olympic Committee of Chile, the CONMEBOL and FIFA, accepting the statutes, regulations and rules of the game promulgated by the International Board F.A.
The Association monitors all the conforming clubs and acts as the organizational body for professional competitions, governing the Primera División de Chile and Primera B with 32 associate clubs altogether. In 2008, it also established the Primera División of the national female football league, which comprises 14 teams.
History.
Before the formal establishment of the ANFP on October 23, 1987, there were four organizations performing the same functions in different eras. The first one was the Liga Profesional de Fútbol (LPF) created in 1933 by the dissident clubs of the "Asociación de Fútbol de Santiago" (AFS), the first organizer of a national football competition, after a dispute over the policy of paying salaries to their players. The dissident clubs included Unión Española, Bádminton, Colo-Colo, Audax Italiano, Green Cross, Morning Star, Magallanes and Santiago National, which used the percentage of their income which they originally had to submit to the AFS to establish the LPF. In 1934, a compromise was reached between the LPF and the AFS, resulting in their merger. The newly formed body was renamed the Sección Profesional de la Asociación Santiago, and three years later, on February 18, 1937, there arose the Asociación de Fútbol Profesional. Then, on May 29, 1938, the Asociación Central de Fútbol (ACF) replaced the Asociación de Fútbol Profesional, and functioned as the governing body of professional football in Chile until the mid-eighties. Finally, the ANFP was established in 1987 and has been performing the job of its predecessors since then. In summary, the different eras of the organization of professional football in Chile are:
Authorities.
The Association is under the leadership of the following authorities:
Organizations of the Association.
The following bodies are responsible for different aspects of the Association:

</doc>
<doc id="18391147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391147" title="Mimagoniates lateralis">
Mimagoniates lateralis

Mimagoniates lateralis is a species of tetra in the genus "Mimagoniates". Its common names include
croaking tetra (a name also applied to "M. inequalis" and "M. microlepis").

</doc>
<doc id="18391156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391156" title="Compositions by Liliuokalani">
Compositions by Liliuokalani

The following is a list of compositions by Liliuokalani. Queen Liliuokalani was the only queen and the last reigning monarch of Hawaii, having been deposed by the Committee of Public Safety in the overthrow of the Hawaiian Kingdom in 1893.
"Nohea I Muolaulani".
Nohea I Muolaulani, translated as "Handsome One of Mu'olaulani" sometimes as "Handsome at Mu'olaulani", and also referred to simply as "Mu'olaulani", dates to May 1885. It was composed for Liliuokalani's new home in Kapālama named Mu'olaulani which was opened with a gala party in May 1885. The Kapālama house was a source of great joy to her and became the subject of this song. It is now the site of the Lili'uokalani Childrens' Center.
"Ahe Lau Makani".
Ahe Lau Makani, translated as "The Soft Gentle Breeze" or "There is a Zephyr", is a famous waltz composed by Queen Lili'uokalani around 1868. Probably written at Hamohamo, the Waikiki home of the Queen, this song appeared in ""He Buke Mele O Hawaii"" under the title "He Ala Nei E Māpu Mai Nei". Ahe Lau Makani is used only verse 1 and 2, and may be an abridged version. Līlīlehua refers to the name of the gentle rain in Palolo Valley, Oahu. Verse 1, 2 and the Chorus is translated by Liliuokalani, and Verse 3, 4 by Hui Hānai.
Ahe Lau Makani was composed jointly with the Queen's sister Princess Likelike and Kapoli, a mysterious collaborator who, to this day, remains unidentified. The "Viennese-ness" of this waltz is especially evident in the hui, or chorus. Ahe Lau Makani describes a lover's sweet breath. It poetically describes someone's yearning for a loved one. As Dennis says, "In the figurative Hawaiian, this breeze is actually the breath of one who I admire, carried by the wind. Whoever the Queen wrote about, she got right into that person and conveyed it through the whole song."
"By And By, Hoi Mai Oe".
By And By, Hoi Mai Oe, translated as "By and By Thou Wilt Return", is a famous song composed by Queen Lili'uokalani.
"Ka Ōiwi Nani".
Ka Ōiwi Nani, translated as "The Beautiful Native", is a love song composed and translated by Liliuokalani on June 23, 1886, at Palolo, Oahu.
In "The Queen's Songbook", editors Dorothy Kahananui Gillett and Barbara Barnard Smith note that it's not a surprise that this love song from 1886, when Lili‘uokalani was still a princess, comes from a time when her diaries "are strewn with references to a special 'friend', perhaps Henry Berger." Berger was the director of the Royal Hawaiian Band, and Gillett and Smith note the possibility "that the song celebrates a romantic liaison" with him. Even the title, which translates to "The Beautiful Form", or as the Queen herself translated it, "Beautiful One", has possible romantic associations. It is one of the most compelling melodies of the Queen's songs, and I arranged it so the second verse is played in a relaxed 12/8 ballad style.
"Ka Hanu O Hanakeoki".
Ka Hanu O Hanakeoki, translated as "The Scent of Hanakeoki", or sometimes plainly called "Hanakeoki", is a famous song composed by Lili'uokalani in 1874. It a piece mentioned in "The Queen's Songbook" and translated into English by Hui Hânai. The song may allude to property the Queen owned in Pālolo Valley.
"Kuu Pua I Paoakalani".
Kuu Pua I Paoakalani, often referred to simply as "Paoakalani", is a famous song composed by Queen Lili'uokalani while imprisoned in 'Iolani Palace. It is about her garden in Paoaokalani, from which a loyal haole supporter, John Wilson (whose mother, Evelyn T. Wilson, went into voluntary imprisonment with the Queen) regularly brought her flowers. These flowers were wrapped in newspaper, through which means she was able to read the news that was prohibited to her during her imprisonment. The song is a tribute to this young man, whom she held in very high esteem.
Performance of the song is known to be vocally challenging in terms of range, timing, power, and breath control. One of the most famous recorded renditions was made by activist/singer George Helm on the first live album that was released after his death in the Kaho'olawe struggle.
Manu Kapalulu.
Manu Kapalulu, translated to "Quail", is one of the numerous songs and chants composed by Queen Lili'uokalani. Composed in November 1878, this was an admonishment from Liliuokalani to a disparaging remark. According to Hawaiian traditions lessons in life and morality were usually taught in music and riddles. Manu Kapalulu was about the queen's annoyance with someone.
This song has many allusion to Hawaiian mythology. The Kilohana in verse 1, stanza 2 is in Kalihi Valley on O'ahu and was the sacred home of Haumea and Wakea. Verse 2, stanzas 3 and 4 is an allusion to the old Hawaiian religion. Although Lili`uokalani embraced Christianity, she was very familiar with the practice of worshipping and feeding na aumakua (family gods). Kapo, the dark sorceress in verse 3, stanza 4, is Kapo`ula`kïna`u, the dual-natured goddess, daughter of Haumea and Wakea, and sister of Pele and Kamohoali`i. Her benevolent nature was Laka, the goddess of hula. This song also served as a mele inoa (name song) for Princess Ka'iulani 
Nani Nā Pua Koolau.
Nani Nā Pua Koolau, translated as "The Flower of Ko'olau" or "Beautiful Are the Flowers of Ko'olau" is a song composed by Queen Lili'uokalani. Written in 1860, this was one of Liliuokalani's first published works or probably the first; it was published in 1869 both in Hawaiian and English, one of her first works to appear in print. It was signed L.K. (Lydia Kamaka'eha) Pākī, the name she used until her marriage in 1862 to John Owen Dominis. The English translation is by Liliuokalani herself.
This song demonstrates her poetic skills in which romantic love, love of nature and love of the land are happily entwined. This setting was written for the popular Pacific Rim Choral Festival which takes place in Hawaii each summer.
"Ka Wiliwili Wai".
Ka Wiliwili Wai, sometimes plainly called Wiliwiliwai, translated to The Lawn Sprinkler or The Twisting of the Water, is a famous song composed by Queen Lili'uokalani who wrote the words and the music. The story behind the song goes: As the Queen was sitting on her lanai at Washington Place, she saw something unusual next door in her neighbor, Dr. McKibben's yard, a lawn sprinkler going round and round. Fascinated, the Queen watched for a long time spinning this tune to its rhythm.
"Pauahi O Kalani".
Pauahi O Kalani, translated as "Pauahi, The Royal One", was composed by Liliuokalani in 1868. It honors Princess Bernice Pauahi Bishop, the great-granddaughter of Kamehameha I and Liliuokalani's beloved foster sister. It was written in 1868 prior to the accession of Liliuokalani's family. They were on a trip to the island of Hawaii and had visited Puna and the Panaewa forest in the Hilo district. Liliuokalani wrote this song at Mānā. The Bishop Estate, Pauahi's continuing legacy, created and maintains the Kamehameha Schools. High school students at Kamehameha sing this song every year on Founder's Day, 19 December, the date of Pauahi's birth. The song was translated by Mary Kawena Pukui.
"Pelekane".
Liliuokalani composed Pelekane, translated as "England" or "Britain", in 1887 after she and Queen Kapiolani went to England for the Golden Jubilee of Queen Victoria. On this occasion, Queen Kapiolani wore a parure of catseye shells and a gown embroidered with blue peacock feathers. In the second verse, Liliuokalani describes the British Queen-Empress as the topmost blossom.
"Pelekane" by Elizabeth Kuahaia.
Another song of the same title, written by Elizabeth Kuahaia, is a song about the innocence lost in globalization/modernization. It is about the sinking of the ship, the , in 1915. It was an event that helped create the concept of a "World War."
Pelekane means "Britain" and reveals the long-standing affinity that the Native Hawaiian people felt for England. It was the British that the Hawaiian Kingdom attempted to emulate and identify with – so much so that the royal contingent traveled to England to attend Queen Victoria's Golden Jubilee in 1887 and adopted the "Union Jack" symbol in the Kingdom of Hawaii flag. This song may refer to England owning the Lusitania.
Unlike most other Native Hawaiian songs, it is written without the beautiful imagery of nature. Instead, it describes the use of explosives and torpedos. This is warfare without warriors in hand-to-hand combat, with the concept of "civilians" redefined by wholesale destruction of places. In a way, this is a modern "protest song" is in the style of "Kaulana Nā Pua." This piece foreshadows the militarization of Hawai`i as the Western outpost for United States military forces. This militarization of the islands is an important aspect of Native Hawaiian experience. Not only are many areas reserved by the military, but the island economy is dependent upon it.
"Puna Paia Aala".
Puna Paia Aala, translated to "Puna's Fragrant Bowers, and other translation include Puna's Fragrant Glades and Puna's Sweet Walls". It is famous love song composed by Queen Liliuokalani in July 1868, who composed a total of 165 pieces in her life. The setting is the Puna District on the Island of Hawaii, which was renowned for its groves of fragrant hala ("Pandanus tectorius"). The first two verses were published in "He Buke Mele Hawaii" and the third verse is from a Bishop Museum manuscript. The fourth verse was preserved by Bill Kaiwa. Verse 1, 2, and hui translated by Liliuokalani. Verses 3 and 4 translated by Hui Hānai.
Along with "Ahe Lau Makani" and "Paia Ka Nahele", composed in the same year, these two waltzes are especially evident in the hui, or chorus, of Puna Paia Aala. These three songs that took the form as waltzes, were a fresh departure for Liliu. Their lyrics are full of romance, and the rhythmic buoyancy and grace of the music place them among her most memorable melodies.
"Sanoe".
Sanoe, is a famous song composed by Queen Liliuokalani who wrote the words and the music. "Sanoe" is the Hawaiian word meaning - the mist that drifts over our mountains - and alludes to the man drifting in like the mist to see his "ipo" (sweetheart). It is in the Queen's Song Book and also in He Mele Aloha. Lili'uokalani composed this while still a princess in the court of her brother King David Kalakaua. The song describes a possibly clandestine love affair or romance in the royal court. This version is based on Robert Cazimero's choral arrangement for the Kamehameha Schools Song Contest. Steve composed the interlude between the second and third verses for this recording. Queen Lili'uokalani originally wrote Sanoe in common time, though today it is almost always performed in triple meter. Where and how this change occurred is a mystery Steve is interested in solving.
This affair in the royal court is centered on Sanoe, the woman, who was probably Kapeka; the gentleman, is unknown. Kapeka was the joint composer to this song. Queen Lili‘uokalani indicates she composed Sanoe with "Kapeka", her friend whose real name was Elizabeth Sumner Achuck.
Sanoe was brought back into general circulation by 'ukulele master Eddie Kamae and Gabby with the Sons of Hawaii on "MUSIC OF OLD HAWAII".
"The Queen's Jubilee".
"The Queen's Jubilee" is a famous song composed by Princess Lili'uokalani of Hawai'i to commemorate the Golden Jubilee of Queen Victoria of England, which Princess Lili'uokalani attended with a royal contingent from Hawai'i.
"The Queen's Prayer".
"The Queen's Prayer, or in Hawaiian Ke Aloha O Ka Haku. It was published as Liliuokalani's Prayer", with the Hawaiian title and English translation ("The Lord's Mercy") now commonly called "The Queen's Prayer". It is a famous mele, composed by Queen Liliuokalani, March 22, 1895, while she was under house arrest at Iolani Palace. This hymn was dedicated to Victoria Kaiulani, her niece and heir apparent to the throne.
Queen Liliuokalani wrote this at the bottom of the manuscript: "Composed during my imprisonment at Iolani Palace by the Missionary party who overthrew my government." She was referring to the illegal Overthrow of the Hawaiian monarchy by U.S. business interests backed by the U.S. government. "Ironically, the song is about the values she embraced from the Western culture that imprisoned her, the values of forgiveness, love, faith and hope."
"Tūtū".
Tūtū, translated as "Granny", is a famous "mele hula" composed by Queen Liliuokalani. Mentioned in the song is Kaalaalaa, which refers to the area of lower Nuuanu below Maemae Hill. This hula was composed for a benefit program at Kaumakapili Church in Palama. Maria Heleluhe danced the part of the tūtū (granny) and 7 little girls performed as the grandchildren. The Queen taught the girls to sing the song with her and she accompanied them on her guitar. The song received 5 encores and the performers were showered with money.

</doc>
<doc id="18391165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391165" title="Taryn">
Taryn

Taryn is a unisex name of various meanings and origins. There are several varieties of the name, including "Tarryn" and "Tarin". It is found in a variety of cultures and ethnicities.

</doc>
<doc id="18391186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391186" title="List of TVB series (2002)">
List of TVB series (2002)

This is a list of series released by or aired on TVB Jade Channel in 2002.
First line series.
These dramas aired in Hong Kong from 7:30 to 8:30 pm (8:00 to 9:00 pm from 10 July onwards), Monday to Friday on TVB.
Second line series.
These dramas aired in Hong Kong from 9:30 to 10:30 pm, Monday to Friday on TVB.
Third line series.
These dramas aired in Hong Kong from 10:05 to 11:05 pm (9:30 to 10:30 pm from 5 May onwards), Monday to Friday on TVB.
Warehoused series.
These dramas were released overseas and have not broadcast on TVB Jade Channel.
Viewership Ratings.
The list represents the top ten viewership ratings of broadcast TVB series.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18391201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391201" title="3-Pentanol">
3-Pentanol

3-Pentanol is one of the isomers of amyl alcohol.

</doc>
<doc id="18391216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391216" title="1978 RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards">
1978 RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards

The 1978 RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards (Chinese: 1978年度十大中文金曲得獎) was held in 1978 for the 1977 music season. 
Top 10 song awards.
The top 10 songs (十大中文金曲) of 1978 are as follows.

</doc>
<doc id="18391217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391217" title="Wells Fargo Plaza (El Paso)">
Wells Fargo Plaza (El Paso)

The Wells Fargo Plaza is a high-rise skyscraper located on 221 North Kansas Street in Downtown El Paso, Texas, United States. It opened as the First National Bank Plaza on October 25, 1971, and was later renamed the State National Plaza. It is 296 feet (90 m) tall. It is designed in the Brutalist style, an architectural style spawned from the International Style. 
The tower sits on a base three stories high, then rises to its full height. The repetitive angular windows add another Brutalist element of blocky appearance and expression of structure.
The tower is lit at night with 13 horizontal white lines. A U.S. Flag design is used during patriotic holidays, and a Christmas tree design is used during the holiday season. The letters "UTEP" are used during the football and basketball season for the University of Texas at El Paso, and, less frequently, the Texas Tech University logo is also used. 

</doc>
<doc id="18391220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391220" title="2008 W-League">
2008 W-League

The 2008 W-League Season was the league's 14th. The regular season began on May 10, 2008, and ended on July 20. 
Pali Blues finished the season as national champions, beating FC Indiana 2-1 in the W-League Championship game in Virginia Beach, Virginia on 2 August 2008.
The Pali Blues also finished with the best regular season record in the league, winning all 12 of their matches, and finishing with a +35 goal difference.
Atlanta Silverbacks Women's striker Sarah Steinmann was the league's top scorer, with 19 goals. FC Indiana's Laura Del Rio led the league with 13 assists, while Pali Blues goalkeeper Valerie Henderson enjoyed the best goalkeeping statistics, with a goals-against average of 0.142 per game, and posting 6 shutouts.
Changes from 2007 season.
Nine teams were added for the season:
Three teams folded after the 2007 season: Mile High Edge, and San Diego Sunwaves. Cocoa Expos Women left the league for the WPSL.
Standings.
"Orange indicates W-League title and bye into W-League semifinals."<br>
"Blue indicates division title clinched"<br>
"Green indicates playoff berth clinched"<br>
Central Conference.
Midwest Division.
"* Fort Wayne and West Michigan did not play each other a second time, as the game could not be rescheduled before July 20 and would not have an impact on the playoffs."
Playoff Format.
Five teams each from the Central and Eastern Conferences, and two from the Western Conference, qualify for the playoffs. 
In the Central Conference, the second and third place teams from the Northern Division play a one-leg playoff with the winner advancing to the Conference Semifinals, where they will play the Midwest Division champion. The other semifinal will have the second place team from the Midwest Division playing the Northern Division champion.
In the Eastern Conference, the second and third place teams from the Northeast Division play a one-leg playoff with the winner andvancing to play the Atlantic Division champion. The other semifinal will have the second place team from the Atlantic Division playing the Northeast Division champion.
The two teams in the Western Conference will play each other to advance to the W-League Semifinals.
The Regular Season champion, Pali Blues, receive a bye into the W-League semifinals, with the second and third place teams from the Western Conference receiving playoff berths.
Playoffs.
Conference Brackets.
Central Conference
Eastern Conference
Western Conference
"Pali captured the W-League regular season title and bye into W-League semifinals, enabling Vancouver to take their spot in the Conference Playoffs, and allowing Seattle to clinch a playoff berth."

</doc>
<doc id="18391238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391238" title="Ruellia devosiana">
Ruellia devosiana

Ruellia devosiana is a green ornamental plant of the Acanthaceae family.

</doc>
<doc id="18391244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391244" title="Auster rookery">
Auster rookery

67° 23' 46.0" S, 63° 57' 02.5" E
Auster Rookery is an Emperor penguin rookery on sea-ice, sheltered by grounded icebergs, 3 nautical miles (5 km) east of Auster Islands, and about 51 km ENE of Mawson Station in Antarctica.
Discovered in August, 1957, by Flying Officer, D. Johnston RAAF from an ANARE Auster aircraft, after which it was named.
It was then used for herbs and spices for several million years

</doc>
<doc id="18391275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391275" title="Elizabeth Female Academy">
Elizabeth Female Academy

The Elizabeth Female Academy, founded in 1818 in the town of Washington, was the first female educational institution in Mississippi. It was named after Mrs. Elizabeth Roach (later Greenfield), who donated the land on which the school was located. 
It received its charter from the State Assembly on February 17, 1819. The school closed in 1845. The site of the Academy was entered on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="18391283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391283" title="Tirra Lirra by the River">
Tirra Lirra by the River

Tirra Lirra by the River is a Miles Franklin Award winning novel by Australian author Jessica Anderson. Though written some years before, it was first published in 1978.
Plot synopsis.
For Nora Porteous, life is a series of escapes. To escape her tightly knit small-town family, she marries, only to find herself confined again, this time in a stifling Sydney suburb with a selfish, sanctimonious husband. With a courage born of desperation and sustained by a spirited sense of humor, Nora travels to London, and it is there that she becomes the woman she wants to be. Or does she?
Quotes:
"Finely honed structurally and tightly textured, it's a wry, romantic story that should make Anderson's American reputation and create a demand for her other work." - The Washington Post
"There may be a better novel than Tirra Lirra by the River this year, but I doubt it." - Cleveland Plain Dealer
"Subtle, rich, and seductive, this beautifully written novels casts a spell of delight upon the reader." Library Journal
Cultural references.
The book's title is taken from Alfred, Lord Tennyson's poem, "The Lady of Shallot". That particular line comes from part 3, stanza 4:

</doc>
<doc id="18391312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391312" title="Cisco Certified Entry Networking Technician">
Cisco Certified Entry Networking Technician

The Cisco Certified Entry Networking Technician (CCENT) certification is the first stage of Cisco's certification system. The CCENT certification is an interim step to Associate level or directly with CCNA and CCDA certifications. While the CCENT covers basic networking knowledge; it does not get involved with the more intricate technical aspects of the Cisco routing and switching and network design. The certification does validate the skills essential for entry-level network support positions. CCENT qualified individuals have the knowledge and skill to install, manage, maintain and troubleshoot a small enterprise branch network, including network security. The CCENT curriculum covers networking fundamentals, WAN technologies, basic security, routing and switching fundamentals, and configuring simple networks. The applicable training is Cisco ICND1 ("Interconnecting Cisco Network Devices, Part 1") and the exam is ("100-101" ICND1), and it costs $150 retail. The certification is valid for 3 years, and professionals may retake the exam to re-certify. 

</doc>
<doc id="18391348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391348" title="Blas Villate">
Blas Villate

Blas Villate y de la Herra, count of Valmaceda (1824, in Sestao – 1882, in Madrid) was a Spanish general. He was several times governor of Cuba:

</doc>
<doc id="18391365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391365" title="Mimagoniates inequalis">
Mimagoniates inequalis

Mimagoniates inequalis, known as the croaking tetra (a common name also applied to "M. lateralis" and "M. microlepis"), is a species of tetra in the genus "Mimagoniates". It was previously classified as "Glandulocauda inequalis"

</doc>
<doc id="18391384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391384" title="Cincinnati Marlins">
Cincinnati Marlins

The Cincinnati Marlins are a non-profit, USA Swimming–affiliated swim team based in Cincinnati, Ohio, United States serving Cincinnati and Northern Kentucky. Founded in 1961, the team competes at the elementary school, high school, and college levels.
The Marlins operate four training facilities: Northern Kentucky University using the NKU Campus Recreation Center; Taylor High School in North Bend, Ohio; Princeton High School in Sharonville, Ohio; and its headquarters at Keating Natatorium on the campus of St. Xavier High School in Finneytown, Ohio. The organization was designated a Gold Medal Club by USA Swimming 2006 - 2008 and designated a Level 4 club, which is the highest level attainable in the USA Swimming's Club Recognition Program in 2008.
Facilities.
Keating Natatorium at St. Xavier High School is a 50-meter indoor facility which can be divided into two 25-yard pools. Keating has seating capacity for over 1000 spectators and is the site of many USA Swimming and High School meets and championships. Marlins Central swimmers train at this facility.
Marlins South swimmers train at Northern Kentucky University using the Campus Recreation Center.
Marlins North swimmers train at Princeton High School natatorium. The facility includes a six lane, 25 yard pool with seating for 300 spectators. The Marlins manage this facility for their program and for the Princeton High School swimming and water polo teams.
Marlins West swimmers train at the Taylor High School natatorium. The facility includes a five lane, 25-yard pool which is shared with the Taylor High School Yellowjackets.
History.
The Cincinnati Marlins swim team was founded in 1961. Eighty-nine girls were selected for the team the first year, with seventy-seven boys joining the following year. For many years the team was known as the Cincinnati "Pepsi" Marlins. Their current home facility, Keating Natatorium, was built in 1969. It is named after Charles Keating, Sr.. The Marlins and Keating Natatorium host approximately 20 swimming competitions a year.
The Marlins have placed a swimmer on every Olympic Team from 1968 - 2004. Team members have broken numerous National Record and World Records. In 1980 the team captured the United States National Championship. That year, six Marlins’ swimmers were named to the U.S. Olympic team, more than from any other team. The Olympic tradition carries on to today where two Marlins represented the United States in the 2000 Sydney Olympics and the 2004 Athens Olympics. Six former Marlins coaches have been named to Olympic Coaching Staffs. The team was named Junior National Team Champions in 1983, 84, 97,98,99, and 2000. In 2005, the Men’s team placed first, the combined team second. Swimming World Magazine named the Cincinnati Marlins 1999’s Best Age-Group Team in America.
Significant achievements include: 
· 1980 National Team Champions
· 23 Olympic Medals
· 15 World Records
· 19 American Records
· 60 National Champions
· 6 American Swimmers of the Year 
Notable alumni.
The Marlins have been home to many accomplished swimmers, including 25 Olympic qualifiers. Together, they have won 23 Olympic medals.

</doc>
<doc id="18391398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391398" title="Lior Rosner">
Lior Rosner

Lior Rosner is a talented and celebrated television, film score, and classical music composer, conductor, and theme branding expert credited with the ever popular theme for the "Ellen DeGeneres Show" heard daily through the world
.Notes and references
Lior Rosner's recent work includes the score for the upcoming film “Sins Of Our Youth” and for "Geography Club" (2013) both directed by Gary Entin. Other recent credits include musical arrangements for film ‘Jack the Giant Slayer” and the popular video game “Assassin's creed 3”. Lior divides his time between writing commercial music and working on his concert music. Recent collaborations include a recording with soprano Janai Brugger and working with Katia Popov, concertmaster of the Hollywood Bowl Orchestra on original works for violin.In 2010 Lior Scored Antonio Negret’s film "Seconds Apart”, co-composing “The Losers” for producer Joel Silver music for the HBO special "The Pee-wee Herman Show on Broadway" and Universal Film "Little Fockers". Lior’s professional career began as a staff composer with Fox Family Network, where he provided scores for over 200 episodes of hit children TV shows and movies. He then went on to become a freelance composer scoring for Disney/ABC. Lior delved further into television and is credited with the theme and interstitial music for "The Ellen DeGeneres Show"; composed music for the Grammy Awards; and scored three Television movies: "Freefall" (ABC Family Channel), "Rocket's Red Glare" (ABC Family Channel) and "Deep Rescue" (on Showtime.) With Lior looking for diverse opportunities, he scored the original music for Sony's video game, "Syphon Filter Dark Mirror", and became a pro at composing for film trailers including,” Harry Potter and The Deathly Hollow”,” The Zoo Keeper”,”Yogi Bear”,” Jack And Jill”, Games of Thrones”,” Speed Racer”,” Walk the Line”,” Dreamer", "Atonement”, and ”Toy Story 3”. Lior's credits also include additional score/music arrangements/orchestrations for several major Hollywood films, including: "Cellular", "Hide & Seek", "Superman Returns", "Fantastic 4: The Rise of the Silver Surfer" and "The Invasion". In 2009, Lior co-wrote the credits theme song for the movie "Valkyrie" (United Artist) and was nominated for ‘Best composition of the year' by the International Film music critics association. In 2010 Lior provided music for the movie "Cirque du Freak: The Vampire's Assistant" and wrote the score for the Sony video game SOCOM "Fight Team Bravo 3" and the TV pilot "The Odds" for Silver/Pictures Television.
Lior's studio is perched in notable and famed, Laurel Canyon, the subject of many books and fertile ground for dozens of music legends including Joni Mitchell, Jimi Hendrix, David Byrne, Jim Morrison, Carole King, David Crosby, Graham Nash, Neil Young and Frank Zappa.  

</doc>
<doc id="18391421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391421" title="1974 NME Critics End of Year Poll">
1974 NME Critics End of Year Poll

This is the list of the best albums voted by the NME critics at the end of 1974. This was the first year the list was published. A ranked singles list was not compiled this year.

</doc>
<doc id="18391424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391424" title="Rent-a-Cop (film)">
Rent-a-Cop (film)

Rent-a-Cop is a 1987 action / comedy / crime film starring Burt Reynolds and Liza Minnelli. Reynolds plays a disgraced police officer, now working as a security guard, who falls in love with Minnelli, who plays a prostitute.
The film helped both lead actors to be nominated for the 1988 Golden Raspberry Awards for Worst Actor and Worst Actress. (These nominations were not solely on the merits of "Rent-a-Cop", however; Reynolds and Minnelli were also cited for "Switching Channels" and "", respectively). Minnelli ended up "winning" the Worst Actress prize.
The film earned under US$300,000 in American ticket sales. IMDb lists the film as having debuted in 1987 because the movie came out in West Germany in November 1987, two months before its American premiere. Although set in Chicago, the movie was mostly filmed in Italy.
Plot.
A drug bust is about to go down and Chicago cop Tony Church is on the case. Things go horribly wrong, though. His fellow officers get slaughtered and Church takes the blame, getting fired from the force.
Della, a high-priced hooker, happened to be in the hotel at the time and caught a good look at the killer's face. Now she's scared and needs protection. She tracks down Church, who can't find employment other than as a security guard. Della offers him a fee to be her bodyguard until the killer is caught.
The lunatic everyone's after is called Dancer, partly because he likes to bust a move in front of a mirror whenever he gets the chance. A former police officer, Roger, is around to give Church advice and assistance, at least until it's revealed that Roger is now totally corrupt.
Church manages to save Della's life, and after quite a bit of bickering, they discover a mutual attraction as well.

</doc>
<doc id="18391434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391434" title="Sharon Ott">
Sharon Ott

Sharon Ott (20th century) is an award-winning director, producer and educator who has worked in regional theaters and opera throughout the United States. Ott is currently the artistic director of the Performing Arts department at the Savannah College of Art and Design, where she also teaches. Two plays she directed, "A Fierce Longing" and Amlin Gray's "How I Got That Story," won Obies after their New York runs.
Education and early career as an actor.
Sharon Ott received her BA from Bennington College in 1972 with a triple major in theater, anthropology, and music. During her years there, she received a fellowship from the National Science Foundation to work on an archaeological site in northern Arizona. She was accepted into the MFA acting program at Cal Arts under the direction of Dr. Herbert Blau. When Blau left Cal Arts, his students followed him to Oberlin College, forming the ensemble Kraken under his leadership. This group of young actors included Julie Taymor (director of "The Lion King", "Titus Andronicus", and "Frida",) and noted clown and actor, Bill Irwin.
After two years with Kraken, Ott joined the ensemble Camera Obscura, a resident company at La Mama Experimental Theater Club in New York, and the Mickery Theater in Amsterdam, Holland. Their work was presented at La Mama, The Mickery, and in other theaters throughout Germany, Belgium, and Holland.
Ott left Europe to return to the United States where she formed her own theater company, Aleph. Aleph's work was presented in Los Angeles before they were hired as the company in residence at the University of Wisconsin/Milwaukee.
While in Milwaukee, Ott developed an interest in the work of Theatre X, eventually joined the company, and directed several productions for the company including "The Wreck: A Romance", based on the poems of Adrienne Rich, and "A Fierce Longing" based on the life and work of Japanese novelist Yukio Mishima. "The Wreck" was presented at theater festivals in the United States and Holland, and the company received an Obie award for "A Fierce Longing" after its run at New York City's Performing Garage. 
Ott became resident director of the Milwaukee Repertory Theater in 1980. During her association with the Milwaukee Rep, she was able to travel to Japan; once to work with Japanese director Tadashi Suzuki, and twice more with productions she directed. She also directed the world premiere of her then husband, Amlin Gray's "How I Got That Story" at the Milwaukee Rep, which won an Obie award after its New York run.
Berkeley repertory theater.
In 1984, Sharon Ott became artistic director of the Berkeley Repertory Theater, in Berkeley, California. During her 13 years in that position, she increased the company's budget from $1.5 million to over $5 million, built the audience to 15,000 subscribers, and improved the company's reputation to win the Regional Theatre Tony Award for Excellence in 1997. She worked with author Philip Kan Gotanda, directing world premieres of "Yankee Dawg You Die", and "The Ballad of Yachiyo", as well as a production of "The Wash" in New York and Los Angeles. Ott also directed an adaptation of Maxine Hong Kingston's "The Woman Warrior" that premiered at Berkeley Rep before moving on to productions in Boston and Los Angeles. She directed the national tour of Anna Deveare Smith's "Twilight: Los Angeles" which started in San Francisco before touring to Boston, Houston, Seattle, New Haven, and Washington, DC where it was performed at the Ford's Theater with then President Bill Clinton and Vice-President Al Gore in attendance.
Seattle Repertory Theatre.
Ott left Berkeley in 1997 to become the artistic director of the Seattle Repertory Theatre. Under her leadership, a successful $15 million endowment campaign was completed, and the Rep's annual budget grew from $6 million to $9 million. She maintained a subscription audience of 14,000 and grew the overall audience for the Rep from 140,400 in the year prior to her arrival to a high of 185,000. Ott re-introduced the classics to the Seattle Rep audiences, directing Shakespeare and Shaw herself, and producing the work of Stephen Wadsworth, Mary Zimmerman, and Tina Landau. She maintained the Rep's long term association with August Wilson, producing the world premiere of Wilson's "King Hedley II" and "How I Learned What I Learned", Wilson's autobiographical solo performance work. Ott also produced the world premiere work of several major new artists to the Rep, such as Ping Chong, Phillip Kan Gotanda, and Nilo Cruz.
Guest directing and opera.
Sharon Ott has been a guest director at such theaters as the Arena Stage, the New York Shakespeare Festival, La Jolla Playhouse, the Mark Taper Forum, South Coast Repertory Theatre, the Huntington Theater, the Alliance Theater, Playwrights' Horizons and the Manhattan Theater Club. She has also directed several operas, including "La Boheme" and "The Conquistador" at San Diego Opera, "Vanessa" and "Salome" at Seattle Opera, "Don Giovanni" at Opera Colorado, and "Bluebeard's Castle" at the Seattle Symphony with sets by Dale Chihuly.
Current work.
Most recently, she directed the stage reading of Amy Freed's "You, Nero" at South Coast Repertory's 2008 Pacific Playwrights Festival, and is scheduled to direct the play's world premiere at South Coast Repertory followed by a production at at the Berkeley Repertory Theatre in 2009. She is a member of the Stage Directors and Choreographers Society, currently serving on the Executive Board.

</doc>
<doc id="18391439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391439" title="Woodrow Wilson Boyhood Home">
Woodrow Wilson Boyhood Home

The Woodrow Wilson Boyhood Home, in Augusta, Georgia, is a historic house museum owned and operated by Historic Augusta, Inc. It was designated a National Historic Landmark on October 6, 2008. It was the childhood home of Thomas "Tommy" Woodrow Wilson, (1856-1924) 28th president of the United States and proponent of the League of Nations.
Then a Presbyterian church manse, it was the home where Tommy spent his formative years, from 1860-1870, experiencing the American Civil War and the Reconstruction. Wilson, later U.S. president from 1913-1921, was profoundly affected.
It was opened as a house museum in 2001
The house is adjacent to the Joseph R. Lamar Boyhood Home, which is also listed on the National Register.

</doc>
<doc id="18391456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391456" title="Neanuridae">
Neanuridae

The family Neanuridae contains pudgy short-legged springtails of the order Poduromorpha. It was established by Carl Börner in 1901.
Systematics.
There are six subfamilies currently recognized:
The peculiar genus "Pseudoxenylla" is of uncertain relationships and hence not assigned to a subfamily yet.

</doc>
<doc id="18391474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391474" title="All Things Come in Waves">
All Things Come in Waves

All Things Come in Waves is the third studio album by Belgian band Arid. It was released in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18391480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391480" title="Ryan Scott Greene">
Ryan Scott Greene

Ryan Scott Greene is a Canadian actor, most known for his portrayal of Marcus in the MyNetworkTV telenovela "Saints & Sinners". Other notable works include "Queer as Folk", "Carolina" and "Beach Girls".

</doc>
<doc id="18391493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391493" title="1979 RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards">
1979 RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards

The 1979 RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards (Chinese: 1979年度十大中文金曲得獎) was held in 1979 for the 1978 music season. 
Top 10 song awards.
The top 10 songs (十大中文金曲) of 1979 are as follows.

</doc>
<doc id="18391494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391494" title="Roger Young (rugby player)">
Roger Young (rugby player)

Roger Michael Young (born 29 June 1943) is a former international rugby union player.
He was capped twenty-six times as a scrum-half for Ireland between 1965 and 1971. He scored one try for Ireland.
Young was selected for the 1966 British Lions tour to Australia and New Zealand and played two internationals against and one against New Zealand. He also went on the 1968 British Lions tour to South Africa and played in one international against .
Educated at Methodist College Belfast, he played club rugby for Queen's University R.F.C. and Collegians.

</doc>
<doc id="18391505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391505" title="John Verelst">
John Verelst

John Verelst, also Jan or Johannes (1648-1734), was a Dutch Golden Age painter, working in England, in the time of Queen Anne's War.
Biography.
He was the son of Pieter Hermansz Verelst and brother to Herman and Simon. Due to the slanting S of Simon in his signatures, flower still lifes in the manner of Simon Verelst are sometimes attributed to Johannes, while some of Johannes' portraits are attributed to Simon.
Mohawk Kings.
To seal a treaty with the British, four Iroquois delegates (called "Indian kings" by the British) visited London. Queen Anne was so impressed by these tall muscular foreign visitors that she had Verelst paint oilcolor of them in 1710 (see Four Mohawk Kings). This was one of the first paintings of aboriginal people. The chiefs came voluntarily and were well treated and entertained. They were Tee Yee Neen Ho Ga Row (Hendriks), Emperor of the Six Nations; Ho Nee Yeath Taw No Row (John), King of Generethgarich; Sa Ga Yeath Qua Pieth Tow (Brant) of the Maquais — he was the grandfather of Joseph Brant after whom Brantford, Ontario is named; and Etow Oh Koam (Nicholas), King of the River Nation. They had been persuaded to come to England by Peter Schuyler, acting Governor of New York in 1709 and some-time mayor of Albany. They stayed only one month and were able to return without contracting any European diseases. They were three Mohawks and a Mahican. 
The four portraits, now in the Library and Archives Canada, were featured on a Canadian postage stamp in 2010.
References.
See also Richmond P. Bond, "Queen Anne's American Kings" (Oxford: Clarendon Press, 1952).

</doc>
<doc id="18391507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391507" title="Archie Barnes">
Archie Barnes

Archie Barnes (1931-2002) was a lecturer in Chinese at the University of Durham from 1961 to 1984 and author of "Chinese through poetry".
Barnes showed early abilities in learning languages and learnt Russian, Latin, French, German, Greek, and Chinese as a schoolboy. Barnes studied at the School of Oriental and African Studies at the University of London and in 1951 received a first in Chinese. Barnes initially worked as a translator for Foreign Languages Press, Beijing and then from 1961 as lecturer in Chinese Language and Civilisation at Durham University. He visited China only once in 1960. He retired from ill-health in 1984.
In retirement, Barnes wrote "Chinese through poetry", a textbook in classical Chinese poetry. He died in 2002 and the book was published posthumously.

</doc>
<doc id="18391509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391509" title="Turnera ulmifolia">
Turnera ulmifolia

Turnera ulmifolia, the yellow alder, is a species of plant of family Passifloraceae, native to Mexico and the West Indies. A recent study found that yellow alder potentiated the antibiotic activity against methicillin—resistant "Staphylococcus aureus" (MRSA).

</doc>
<doc id="18391521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391521" title="Wolf Mountains Battlefield">
Wolf Mountains Battlefield

Wolf Mountains Battlefield/Where Big Crow Walked Back and Forth was the site of the Battle of Wolf Mountain, the last major combat of the Great Sioux War of 1876-77. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2001, and was designated a National Historic Landmark in 2008.
History.
The Great Sioux War was about the desire of settlers and prospectors to encroach on the land assured to the Sioux by treaty. Both sides allegedly perpetrated encroachments on or off the reservation. The Battle of Rosebud and the tribal victory at Little Big Horn on June 25, 1876 were in the early part of the war. The ability of the tribes to wage war for an extended time was undermined by their inability to amass food stores to get them through the winter at the same time.
On January 7, 1877, soldiers established an encampment to the west of the river on the eastern half of the battlefield. The encampment was backed by tall bluffs. The Battle of Wolf Mountains took place on January 8, 1877. On January 9, a rifle pit was constructed by F Company, Twenty-second infantry at a lookout site atop a rock wall. The rifle pit can still be seen, and is the only contributing structure on the site.
Crazy Horse and his Oglala band together with the Lakota and Cheyenne warriors fighting with him had an initial position atop a canyon wall on the east side of the river, and were able to rain rifle fire down upon the soldiers. They were later driven from this position by the soldiers.
Both sides suffered some injury and loss of life. The Cheyenne medicine man Big Crow was among those who died here. The battle and the ensuing freezing temperatures and starvation so weakened the tribal coalition, that by May 6, 1877, Crazy Horse and his men surrendered, ending the conflict.
Battlefield Preservation.
The battlefield is located in the Tongue River Valley, near Birney, Montana. The river runs through a series of deep curves in an overall northeasterly direction. Within the National Historic Landmark, the river runs alternately through flood plains and along towering rock walls. The battlefield runs along the river for around two miles and spans the width of the valley for about two-and-a-half miles. In addition to the river, there are also streams running through the battlefield. In spite of the modern intrusion of two unpaved roads, a series of utility wires and poles, the agricultural use of the area, and growth of trees and vegetation, it retains much of the look and feel it would have had at the time of the battle. Potential archeological exploration may be hindered by the history of searches by relic hunters with metal detectors.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2001,
The site is potentially threatened by development of coal bed methane production. A Northern Cheyenne Nation report in 2006 stated:
"Steve Brady discussed the status of the Rosebud Battlefield State Park. The purpose of holding such an event is to (1) commemorate two battles that do not receive as much attention as the Battle of the Little Bighorn, and to (2) educate people about the potential coal bed methane development on and near the historic and cultural sites of the Rosebud Battlefield and the Battle of Wolf Mountains site. Brady updated the Indian and non-Indian audience of the Rosebud Battlefield’s status in becoming a National Historic Landmark, on the same level as the Little Bighorn Battlefield."
It was designated a National Historic Landmark by signature of the Secretary of the Interior on October 7, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18391524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391524" title="Jindong District">
Jindong District

Jindong District () is an administrative district in Jinhua, Zhejiang Province of China. It has an area of 661.8 square kilometers, and a population of 300,000.
Located in central Zhejiang Province, it borders Yiwu City to the east, Yongkang City to the south, and Wucheng District to the west.

</doc>
<doc id="18391533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391533" title="Maranta (genus)">
Maranta (genus)

Maranta is a genus of flowering plants in the family Marantaceae, native to tropical Central and South America, and the West Indies. "Maranta" was named for Bartolomeo Maranta, an Italian physician and botanist of the sixteenth century. 
About 20 species are usually recognised. They all have rhizomes and naturally form perennial clumps. The crowded oval, evergreen leaves are undivided with sheathing stalks. The leaves are flat by day and folded up erect in the evening, hence the common name "prayer plant" which attaches to the genus and its species - notably "M. leuconeura". The flowers are small with three petals and two larger petal-like staminodes.
Cultivation.
"Maranta arundinacea" is cultivated to produce the edible starch arrowroot. Some species such as "Maranta leuconeura" (prayer plant) and "M. arundinacea" are grown as common houseplants in a warmish house or conservatory environment. They can be propagated through cuttings (2 - 3 leaves) or by root division.
Species.
Species include:

</doc>
<doc id="18391546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391546" title="Jatropha integerrima">
Jatropha integerrima

Jatropha integerrima, commonly known as Peregrina or Spicy Jatropha, is a species of flowering plant in the spurge family, Euphorbiaceae, that is native to Cuba and Hispaniola.

</doc>
<doc id="18391564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391564" title="Southland Spirit FC">
Southland Spirit FC

Southland Spirit FC was a semi-professional association football club from Invercargill, New Zealand. They competed in the ODT FootballSouth Premier League until the end of the 2011 season. Their home ground was the ILT Football Turf, Turnbull Thompson Park, Invercargill.

</doc>
<doc id="18391565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391565" title="Bolsa de Valores y Productos de Asunción (BVPASA)">
Bolsa de Valores y Productos de Asunción (BVPASA)

The Bolsa de Valores y Productos de Asunción (BVPASA) is a stock exchange located in Asuncion, Paraguay.
History.
The BVPASA was founded by the Cámara Nacional de Comercio y Servicios del Paraguay (National Chamber of Commerce and Services of Paraguay) on September 28 of 1977. After a long period without market activity, in 1991 the Law N° 94/91 of Paraguayan Stock Market was approved, setting legal requirements for the engagement of market operations.

</doc>
<doc id="18391570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391570" title="Aminopyralid">
Aminopyralid

Aminopyralid is a selective herbicide used for control of broadleaf weeds, especially thistles and clovers. It is in the picolinic acid family of herbicides, which also includes clopyralid, picloram, triclopyr, and several less common herbicides. It was first registered for use in 2005, in the USA under the brand name "Milestone". and in the UK under the brand names Banish, Forefront, Halcyon, Pharaoh, Pro-Banish, Runway, Synero, and Upfront.
Aminopyralid is of concern to vegetable growers, as it can enter the food chain via manure, which contains long-lasting residues of the herbicide. It affects potatoes, tomatoes, and beans, causing deformed plants, and poor or non-existent yields. Problems with manure contaminated with aminopyralid residue surfaced in the UK in June and July 2008, and, at the end of July 2008, Dow AgroSciences implemented an immediate suspension of UK sales and use of herbicides containing aminopyralid.
Despite restrictions, symptoms of aminopyralid damage were recorded on crops growing in allotments in Edinburgh, UK as recently as June 2010; enquiries traced the source of contamination to a farm supplying hay to the stables from where bags of manure had been obtained. Symptoms of aminopyralid injury to vegetable crops were reported by small farmers and gardeners in Britain in July 2011.
Approval of aminopyralid was subsequently reinstated in the UK on October 6, 2009, as reported by the UK regulatory authority, the Advisory Committee on Pesticides. The re-introduction was approved "with new recommendations and a stringent stewardship programme devised to prevent inadvertent movement of manure from farms".
External links.
<5></http://www.scotsman.com/news/A-real-whodungit-as-keen.6343640.jp>

</doc>
<doc id="18391582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391582" title="Eriogonum grande">
Eriogonum grande

Eriogonum grande is a species of wild buckwheat known by the common name redflower buckwheat. It is native to northwestern Baja California, as well as the Channel Islands of California. It is a mat-forming perennial herb producing tall, stout inflorescences of white, pink, or red flowers. Leaves are located mainly at the base of the plant and are wavy along the edges and up to 10 centimeters long. 
There are three varieties of this species:

</doc>
<doc id="18391584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391584" title="Race Game (disambiguation)">
Race Game (disambiguation)

Race game may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18391586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391586" title="Billy Raybould">
Billy Raybould

William Henry "Billy" Raybould (born 6 May 1944) is a former international rugby union player.
He was capped eleven times as a centre for Wales between 1967 and 1970, winning his last cap as a replacement. He scored one drop goal for Wales.
Raybould was selected for the 1968 British Lions tour to South Africa but did not play in any of the internationals against .
He represented Cambridge in the 1966 Varsity Match and played club rugby for Cardiff, London Welsh and Newport

</doc>
<doc id="18391600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391600" title="Greg Veatch">
Greg Veatch

Greg Veatch is an American soccer forward who has spent most of his career in indoor leagues. He also played one season each in the Western Soccer League and American Professional Soccer League.
Veatch began his career in 1989 with the Arizona Condors of the Western Soccer League. In 1990, the WSL merged with the American Soccer League to form the American Professional Soccer League. The Condors jumped to the APSL for the 1990 season, then folded. In 1993, Veatch played for the Arizona Cotton in the USISL indoor league. He then moved to the Arizona Sandsharks of the Continental Indoor Soccer League for the 1994 and 1995 indoor seasons. In the fall of 1995, he signed with the Kansas City Attack of the National Professional Soccer League. He only spent one season with the Attack before signing with the A-League Seattle Sounders on July 17, 1996. The Sounders won the A-League title that year and Veatch was released after the championship game. In 1998 and 1999, he played for the Arizona Sahuaros in the USISL. He jumped to the Arizona Thunder in the World Indoor Soccer League in August 1999. On August 4, 2000, the Thunder placed him on the injured reserve list. He played for the Arizona Inferno in the Premier Arena Soccer League until 2009. He left retirement in 2012 to play for Real Phoenix FC.

</doc>
<doc id="18391614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391614" title="Robert Fechner">
Robert Fechner

Robert Fechner (22 March 1876 - 31 December 1939) was a national labor union leader and director of the Civilian Conservation Corps (1933–39), which played a central role in the development of state and national parks in the United States. Born in Chattanooga, Tennessee. With only a public school elementary education he had risen to become an American labor union leader and vice president of the International Association of Machinists. He had a reputation for fairness, tact, and patience in all his dealings. On 5 April 1933 he was appointed by President Franklin Delano Roosevelt to be the Director of the Civilian Conservation Corps (CCC). It was Fechner's fairness and ability for organization and administration that impressed the president to his appointment as director. Although he had been an important labor figure, Fechner objected attempts for union organizers to form unions among CCC enrollees in the camps. He felt that the government was doing all it possibly could for the well-being of the enrollees: well fed, supporting dependents with monthly earnings, getting an education; and they were contributing in a constructive manner to the conservation needs of the nation. The need for a union in this situation was not necessary, and he issued orders to keep union organizers out of the CCC camps and gave instructions that if any of the CCC enrolees joined a union they were to be discharged. Upon Fechner's death while still serving as CCC Director he was succeeded by James McEntee.
Fechner's likeness appeared on the cover of Time magazine on February 6, 1939. He was buried in Arlington National Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="18391626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391626" title="Crossandra">
Crossandra

Crossandra Kanakamparam (Tamil: கனகாம்பரம்) is a genus of plants in the family Acanthaceae, comprising 52 species that occur in Africa, Madagascar, Arabia and the Indian subcontinent. Some species, especially "Crossandra infundibuliformis", are cultivated for their brightly colored flowers. 
Known as Kanakambara(ಕನಕಾಂಬರ) in Karnataka, southern state of India.

</doc>
<doc id="18391650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391650" title="Michael O'Keeffe">
Michael O'Keeffe

Michael O'Keeffe (born 9 August 1990) is a New Zealand football player who plays as a goalkeeper for Ocean City Nor'easters and the New Zealand national under-23 football team.
He grew up in Blenheim, New Zealand and was schooled at Marlborough Boys College and Christchurch Boys High School. He then moved to Fairfield, Connecticut where he began his university studies whilst also on a full soccer scholarship.
In June 2012 O'Keeffe received a late call-up to the All Whites as an injury replacement for Mark Paston in the 2012 OFC Nations Cup.
O'Keeffe was selected for the New Zealand football team, participating in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
In 2013 O'Keeffe joined USL Premier Development League team Ocean City Nor'easters.
O'Keeffe graduated from Fairfield University with a Bachelor of Arts (B.A), Television New Media.

</doc>
<doc id="18391659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391659" title="1968 Eastern Suburbs season">
1968 Eastern Suburbs season

Eastern Suburbs (now known as the Sydney Roosters) competed in their 61st season of the New South Wales Rugby League premiership in 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="18391660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391660" title="Crossandra infundibuliformis">
Crossandra infundibuliformis

Crossandra infundibuliformis (firecracker flower), is a species of flowering plant in the family Acanthaceae, native to southern India and Sri Lanka.
Description.
It is an erect, evergreen subshrub growing to with glossy, wavy-margined leaves and fan-shaped flowers, which may appear at any time throughout the year. The flowers are unusually shaped with 3 to 5 asymmetrical petals. They grow from four-sided stalked spikes, and have a tube-like ¾ inch stalk. Flower colours range from the common orange to salmon-orange or apricot, coral to red, yellow and even turquoise.
Cultivation and uses.
This plant requires a minimum temperature of , and in temperate regions is cultivated as a houseplant. It is usually grown in containers but can be attractive in beds as well. The flowers have no perfume but stay fresh for several days on the bush. A well-tended specimen will bloom continuously for years. It is propagated by seeds or cuttings.
This plant has gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.
The tiny flowers are often strung together into strands, sometimes along with white jasmine flowers and therefore in great demand for making garlands which are offered to temple deities or used to adorn women’s hair.
Name.
The common name "firecracker flower" refers to the seed pods, which are found after the flower has dried up, and tend to "explode" when near high humidity or rainfall. The "explosion" releases the seeds onto the ground, thereby creating new seedlings. It is popularly known as Kanakambaram in Tamil (கனகாம்பரம்), Malayalam and Telugu and Kanakambara in Kannada. In Maharashtra its known as Aboli.

</doc>
<doc id="18391666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391666" title="Neanurinae">
Neanurinae

__NOTOC__
The subfamily Neanuridae contains pudgy short-legged springtails of the order Poduromorpha. It was established by Carl Börner in 1901 – or rather, it is the result of taxa being split out of Börner's family (initially proposed as a subfamily, but this had to be changed when springtails were discovered to be closely related to but not actually insects) whereas the type genus and its closest relatives were retained here.
Like other Neanuridae, they are stout-bodied springtails with vestigial furcula (Collembola), making them essentially unable to jump. Like their relatives, they lack anal thorns and have primitive ocelli. 
Systematics.
There are six tribes of Neanurinae currently recognized. Some notable genera are also listed here:
In addition, there are several genera "incertae sedis", which cannot be assigned robustly to a tribe:

</doc>
<doc id="18391680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391680" title="Pitareti Monastery">
Pitareti Monastery

Pitareti Monastery () is a medieval Orthodox Christian monastery in Georgia, approximately 26 km southwest of the town of Tetritsq'aro, Kvemo Kartli, southwest of the nation’s capital Tbilisi.
The Pitareti monastery consists of the Theotokos church, a belfry, the ruined wall and several smaller accessory buildings. The main church appears to have been built in the reign of George IV early in the 13th century. Its design conforms to the contemporary canon of a Georgian domed church and shares a series of common features – such as a typical cross-in-square plan and a single lateral porch – with the monasteries of Betania, Kvatakhevi, and Timotesubani. The façades are decorated, accentuating the niches and dormers. The entire interior was once frescoed, but only significantly damaged fragments of those murals survive.
The monastery was a property and a burial ground of the noble family of Kachibadze-Baratashvili and, since 1536, of their offshoots – the princes Orbelishvili. A 14th-century inscription mentions a ctitor – the royal chamberlain Kavtar Kachibadze. Another inscription, from a grave stone, records the name of Qaplan Orbelishvili who refurnished the monastery in 1671. The monastery thrived at Pitareti until 1752 when it was forced to close due to a marauding attack from Dagestan.

</doc>
<doc id="18391685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391685" title="Carroll, New South Wales">
Carroll, New South Wales

Carroll is a parish and small village on the Oxley Highway, 20 km east of Gunnedah, New South Wales. In 2006, Carroll had a population of 447 people. The Namoi River runs approximately parallel to the highway which is also the main street there. Periodically this river floods the town and surrounding area, forcing the closure of the Oxley Highway. The surrounding area is part of the Liverpool Plains region. Carroll is an Aboriginal word for 'forked tree'.
In 1839 John Howe of Windsor took out a Depasturing Licence for 'Carrol'. An adjoining 'Carrol' was held by Hannah Dight in 1846.
During December 1865 Captain Thunderbolt (Fred Ward) and two accomplices robbed the inn at Carroll then danced and drank until the police arrived. They wounded a policeman and escaped, abandoning three pack-horses.
The district produces cotton, wheat, other grains, fat lambs and beef cattle. The Olympic eventing horses, Kibah Tic-Tic, a noted dual gold medal winner and Kibah Sandstone (gold medalist in team & individual 1992, gold 2000) were bred on Kibah, a property close to the village.
According to the entry sign there are 188 people in the village. The village now has a public school and a fuel supplier.

</doc>
<doc id="18391688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391688" title="Piccaninnie Ponds Conservation Park">
Piccaninnie Ponds Conservation Park

Piccaninnie Ponds Conservation Park is a 543 ha protected area in south-eastern South Australia near Mount Gambier.
Description.
The park adjoins Discovery Bay in South Australia’s Limestone Coast and conserves a wetland fed by freshwater springs in a karst landscape. It is 491 km south-east of Adelaide and 30 km south-east of Mount Gambier. It is close to the border with Victoria and is part of the Discovery Bay to Piccaninnie Ponds Important Bird Area, identified by BirdLife International as being of global significance for several bird species. It is a listed Ramsar site. The park contains a walking track through coastal woodland to a viewing platform overlooking the wetlands.
Recreational diving.
Piccaninnie Ponds is a popular site for both snorkelling and cave diving. It contains three main features of interest to cave divers. The ‘First Pond’ is an open depression about 10 m deep with a silt floor and much aquatic life, the ‘Chasm’ is a sinkhole with a depth of over 100 m, and the ‘Cathedral’ is an enclosed area with limestone formations and a depth of about 35 m. Underwater visibility is excellent and may exceed 40 m. Snorkelling and cave diving at Piccaninnie Ponds is by permit only.

</doc>
<doc id="18391701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391701" title="Arthur Fraser Walter">
Arthur Fraser Walter

Arthur Fraser Walter (12 September 1846–10 August 1910) an English newspaper proprietor and the second son of John Walter (third).
Walter born on 12 September 1846. He studied at Eton College and Christ Church, Oxford. He entered Lincoln's Inn in 1870 to study law, and was called to the bar as a barrister in 1874, but never practised. John Walter (second), the grandfather of Arthur, died on 28 July 1847. John Walter (third) succeeded to the management of "The Times" in 1847. Arthur made agreements with the American firms to sell the Encyclopædia Britannica. He was also responsible for the establishment of the Times Book Club.
On 15 October 1872, he married Henrietta Maria Anson, eldest daughter of Rev. Thomas Anchitel Anson.
Walter's father died on 3 November 1894 and he became the new chief proprietor of "The Times" in 1894. He remained chief proprietor of "The Times" until 1908, when it was converted into a company. He then became chairman of the board of directors of the company that purchased the paper. He died on 10 August 1910.
Walter also held several other positions. He was a Lieutenant Colonel of Volunteers, a Director of the London & Southwestern Railway, High Steward of Wokingham, and a member of the Travellers' and Union Clubs.

</doc>
<doc id="18391709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391709" title="DOS-2">
DOS-2

DOS-2 designation given to a space station, launched as part of the Salyut programme, which was lost in a launch failure on 29 July 1972, when the failure of the second stage of its Proton-K launch vehicle prevented the station from achieving orbit, it instead fell into the Pacific Ocean. The station, which would have been given the designation Salyut 2 had it reached orbit, was structurally identical to Salyut 1, as it had been assembled as a backup unit for that station. Four teams of cosmonauts were formed to crew the station, of which two would have flown:
Whilst Salyut 1 has been visited by two three-man crews (Soyuz 10 and Soyuz 11), following modifications to the Soyuz 7KT-OK spacecraft (resulting in the new model Soyuz 7K-T) following the deaths of the crew of Soyuz 11, the spacecraft could only carry two cosmonauts, thus DOS-2 would have been manned by two crews of two. Following the loss of the station, the crews were transferred to the DOS-3 programme.

</doc>
<doc id="18391710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391710" title="The Myth of the Machine">
The Myth of the Machine

The Myth of the Machine is a two volume series of books taking an in-depth look at the forces that have shaped modern technology since prehistoric times. The first volume, "Technics and Human Development" was published in 1967, followed by the second volume, "The Pentagon of Power" in 1970. The author, Lewis Mumford, shows the parallel developments between human tools and social organization mainly through language and rituals. It is considered a synthesis of many theories Mumford developed throughout his prolific writing career.
Megamachine.
"In "The Myth of the Machine", Mumford insisted upon the reality of the megamachine: the convergence of science, technics and political power as a unified community of interpretation rendering useless and eccentric life-enhancing values. Subversion of this authoritarian kingdom begins with that area of human contact with the world that cannot be successfully repressed - one's feelings about one's self."
He dates the emergence of the "Machine" from the pyramid age (primarily with reference to Egypt, but also acknowledging other ancient cultures in that era which produced massive and precisely engineered structures). He uses of the term to describe the social and bureaucratic structure that enabled a ruler to coordinate a huge workforce to undertake vast and complex projects. Where the projects were public works such as irrigation systems and canals or the construction of cities, he referred to the "labour machine", and where they involved conquest he used the expression "military machine". The term "Megamachine" connoted the social structure in its entirety.
Volume I, Technics and Human Development.
In this volume Mumford discusses the progress of terrestrial exploration, and scientific discovery; and traces the interplay of ideological interests, inventions and subjective drives in the evolution of human society.
Volume II, The Pentagon of Power.
The "pentagon" refers to:
There was clearly also an oblique reference to the Pentagon, regarding which he commented: "...the concrete form of the Pentagon in Washington serves even better than its Soviet counterpart, the Kremlin, as a symbol of totalitarian absolutism."
Although much of the volume explores the negative influence of centralised power and exploitative behaviour on the human condition, it finishes on a positive and optimistic note in the closing chapters.

</doc>
<doc id="18391721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391721" title="2004 Baghdad refusal of orders">
2004 Baghdad refusal of orders

On October 13, 2004, American Army reservists participating in the Iraq War refused an order to drive a convoy of fuel tankers lacking armour plates through Baghdad, leading to claims of "mutiny" amongst the soldiers who claimed to be balking at a "suicide mission" that would have seen them enter hostile territory without a combat escort, in damaged trucks without armor plating.
The 343rd Quartermaster Company, based in Rock Hill, South Carolina had earlier been forced to turn back from an abortive 3.5 day journey to another army base which had refused their load of contaminated fuel.
Returning to Tallil Air Base, the same company was ordered to take their cargo to Taji, north of Baghdad. The journey would be through dangerous terrain known for ambushes by Iraqi insurgents and would be made without the usual infantry and helicopter escort.
Fallout.
While 19 soldiers refused the order, only 18 were placed under investigation. In the end, the army decided not to pursue a court-martial against the soldiers, but rather to seek non-judicial punishments against five of them. Five soldiers were re-assigned to different units.
The Army ordered the 120-troop company put on stand down, and taken off active duty while their vehicles were repaired and upgraded with steel armor plates. They returned to active status on November 11.
On October 21, the Army announced that they had replaced the commander of the unit at her own request. The First Sergeant was also replaced as a result of the action.
Upon returning to the United States, the company was largely lauded as "heroes" for facing potential courts-martial by refusing an order which they believed would lead their companions to be killed.

</doc>
<doc id="18391731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391731" title="Thomàs Périz de Fozes">
Thomàs Périz de Fozes

Thomàs Périz de Fozes (or Thomas Periz in original orthography) was an Aragonese troubadour of the knightly class, who has left two poems in the Occitan language. His mother tongue was evidently Aragonese. His Occitan is the literary "koiné" of the classical era of the troubadours (1160–1220) and was apparently learned: it is in general grammatically and rhythmically perfect asides from a few errors of declension caused by his greater familiarity with Aragonese.
Thomàs is mentioned among the barons of Aragon in a "sirventes" of Joan de Castellnou, which is sufficient to show that he was considered an exemplar of the practice of courtly love between the years 1339 and 1343. In 1339 he was a counsellor of Peter IV of Aragon, who named him administrator of the Val d'Aran and castellan of Castell-lleons. Through his brother, Artal de Fozes, who married Esclaramonda, daughter of James III of Majorca, Thomàs was related by marriage to the royal House of Barcelona. His brother's second wife (1371) and widow, Sibil•la de Fortià, was a mistress and then wife (1377) of Peter IV.
Thomàs tried to use his influence at court for the benefit of his relatives when, early in 1342, he composed a poem, "Trop me desplay can vey falir", petitioning the king for clemency towards James III, whom he designed to depose. He admits to the pride and infidelity of James, who had refused to swear fealty to Peter, but urges that he should not lose everything for a moment's folly. Finally, he draws on the magnanimity of Peter's paternal and maternal lineages, which earned his father, Alfonso IV, the epithet "the Benign", in a direct appeal to the king to spare his vassal. In the end, James III died at the Battle of Llucmajor in 1349.
Thomàs' second poem, "Si col vassayl can servex longamen", is a "canso" addressed to a "Na Resplendens" (Resplendent Lady) mentioned in the second "tornada" of his earlier poem. This "senhal" (code name) refers to an unknown lady of high rank. The main theme of the poem is the poet's need to "seize the day" ("carpe diem"):

</doc>
<doc id="18391739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391739" title="Superbagnères">
Superbagnères

Superbagnères is a ski resort above the town of Bagnères-de-Luchon in the French department of Haute-Garonne in the Midi-Pyrénées region.
Overview.
The resort offers alpine ski slopes and cross-country skiing from 1440 to 2260 m. The resort was opened early in the twentieth century. Historically it was connected to the town by a rack railway, but today it is connected with a gondola lift. Each cabin holds up to four people and takes about ten minutes to reach the summit, running in the summer as well as the winter. It's not possible to ski back down to Luchon, except in times of exceptional snow for talented locals who know the woods.
Details of climb.
From Bagnères-de-Luchon the climb to the ski-station is 18.5 km at an average gradient of 6.3%, with the summit being at 1800 m above sea-level. There are several short stretches in excess of 10%.
Tour de France.
The Tour de France has had stage finishes at Superbagnères six times:

</doc>
<doc id="18391747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391747" title="Moriyama Station (Aichi)">
Moriyama Station (Aichi)


</doc>
<doc id="18391751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391751" title="Daniel Adlung">
Daniel Adlung

Daniel Adlung (born 1 October 1987 in Fürth) is a German footballer who plays as a midfielder for TSV 1860 München.

</doc>
<doc id="18391758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391758" title="System Crash (comics)">
System Crash (comics)

System Crash is a group of fictional supervillains in the Marvel Comics' main shared universe. They first appeared in "Daredevil" vol. 1, #326 (Mar 1994), and were created by D. G. Chichester, Scott McDaniel, and Bill Oakley.
Fictional history.
The members of System Crash all started their criminal careers as hackers before taking the leap into supervillainy. Beyond that, little is known about their origins.
They are first seen employed by Baron Strucker, who wanted to improve the public image of HYDRA, normally thought of as a terrorist organization. To that end, System Crash was supposed to take control of the internet and use it to cause chaos. Strucker also employed the criminal hacker Knowbot to obtain technology that allowed the United States government to secretly access information on any computer. According to Strucker, once he blocked this technology, it would lead the federal government to use Gestapo techniques on its citizenry to re-acquire this unilateral access to their information, leading to mass anarchy, from which HYDRA would profit.
System Crash operative Killobyte was detailed to protect Knowbot as he accessed this information. However, the intrusion was discovered, and Captain America was dispatched to stop it. After Knowbot accomplished his mission and finished sending Strucker the encrypted information, Killobyte killed them both with an electrical discharge to prevent Captain America from discovering who they worked for.
System Crash next helped cybercriminal Cobol Charlie blow up the Staten Island Ferry, killing 33 passengers. System Crash member Bitmap then killed Charlie to keep the team's involvement secret. They did take public credit for the blast, but claimed to be a group of terrorists called the "Silicon Pirates". Meanwhile, Wirehead and Steel Collar stole Killobyte's body from S.H.I.E.L.D. custody. Wirehead took over the Empire State Building, which HYDRA used as a platform for snipers to fire into the crowds below. Order was restored by Daredevil and Silver Sable, although Wirehead managed to escape.
Again, credit for the attack on the Empire State Building was taken by the "Silicon Pirates". Next, Infomorph, Steel Collar and Technospike burglarized an office of Rand-Meachum, but were caught in the act by Daredevil, Iron Fist and Captain America. Nevertheless, the criminals managed to escape with the company's hard drive. Meanwhile, Baron Strucker met with the brother of the dead Killobyte, and convinced him to carry on his brother's criminal career under that name. System Crash then flew with Strucker to Bosnia to destroy the "Genesis Coalition", a splinter group of HYDRA posing as their erstwhile parent.
Steel Collar and the new Killobyte attacked a group of National Guardsmen, again ostensibly as the terrorist "Silicon Pirates", but were chased off by Daredevil and Gambit.
Daredevil tracked System Crash's new location to a ship near Liberty Island. He helped Captain America escape from them, and destroyed the ship, presumably killing Bitmap, Technospike and Killobyte in the process. The two then tracked Sinclair Spectrum and the remaining members of System Crash (Wirehead, Steel Collar, Infomorph) to New Jersey. Wirehead and Infomorph were captured by the heroes, while Steel Collar committed suicide.

</doc>
<doc id="18391764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391764" title="Moriyama Shiminbyōin Station">
Moriyama Shiminbyōin Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagoya Guideway Bus

</doc>
<doc id="18391775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391775" title="1980 RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards">
1980 RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards

The 1980 RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards (Chinese: 1980年度十大中文金曲得獎) was held in 1980 for the 1979 music season. 
Top 10 song awards.
The top 10 songs (十大中文金曲) of 1980 are as follows.

</doc>
<doc id="18391776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391776" title="Ctenanthe">
Ctenanthe

Ctenanthe is a genus of flowering plants of the family Marantaceae. They are evergreen perennials, native mainly to Brazil, grown for their attractive, often variegated foliage. They are frost tender, requiring a minimum temperature of .
The Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit has been awarded to the species "Ctenanthe lubbersiana" (common name: bamburanta), which grows to and bears large, oval leaves up to long, heavily striped and mottled with yellow, and the cultivar "Ctenanthe oppenheimiana" 'Tricolor' (common name "never-never plant"), which grows to with narrow, oval leaves up to long with V-shaped silver patterns above and maroon below.

</doc>
<doc id="18391778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391778" title="Kawamiya Station">
Kawamiya Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagoya Guideway Bus

</doc>
<doc id="18391787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391787" title="Kawamura Station (Aichi)">
Kawamura Station (Aichi)

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagoya Guideway Bus

</doc>
<doc id="18391795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391795" title="Ctenanthe oppenheimiana">
Ctenanthe oppenheimiana

Ctenanthe oppenheimiana, the Giant Bamburanta or Never Never Plant, is a species of plant of family Marantaceae and is a native of Brazil. The perennial cultivar "Tricolor" is an ornamental variety. This plant can grow to more than 18 inches. 

</doc>
<doc id="18391798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391798" title="Shirasawa Keikoku Station">
Shirasawa Keikoku Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagoya Guideway Bus

</doc>
<doc id="18391801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391801" title="The Slapp Addict">
The Slapp Addict

The Slapp Addict is an album by producer and rapper Traxamillion. He produced the album himself, and it was released August 8, 2006. 
Track listing.
Hidden Tracks.
The last track on the Album contains 3 songs. "Jus go" is the only song listed in the track description, and the other two start after a 2 minute pause at the end of "Jus go". The hidden tracks are:

</doc>
<doc id="18391802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391802" title="Ernest Graves, Jr.">
Ernest Graves, Jr.

Ernest Graves (born July 6, 1924) was a United States Army officer who attained the rank of lieutenant general. His father, Ernest Graves, Sr., was a U.S. Army colonel and coach of the Army Black Knights football team at the United States Military Academy.
Graves was director of the Defense Security Assistance Agency from 1978 to 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="18391806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391806" title="Paramus High School">
Paramus High School

Paramus High School is an American four-year comprehensive public high school, located in Paramus, New Jersey, operating as part of the Paramus Public Schools. The school has been accredited by the Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools Commission on Secondary Schools since 2006.
Historically Paramus shared many municipal services with the township of Rochelle Park, including schooling. In 1922, the school situation was the hot topic of discussion. Residents felt that the schools were too far away and wanted to make sure that their children were safe when they went to school. It was because of this that Paramus decided to become a borough of its own, and it built the high school on Spring Valley Road in 1957. The school's 50th anniversary was celebrated in 2007.
Paramus High School offers a wide range of course offerings to its students, including. Advanced Placement courses available in 21 subjects. 
As of the 2010-11 school year, the school had an enrollment of 1,348 students and 79.9 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 16.87:1. There were 31 students (2.3% of enrollment) eligible for free lunch and 9 (0.7% of students) eligible for reduced-cost lunch.
Awards, recognition and rankings.
For the 1988-89 school year, Paramus High School was awarded the Blue Ribbon School Award of Excellence by the United States Department of Education, the highest award an American school can receive.
The school was the 111th-ranked public high school in New Jersey out of 328 schools statewide in "New Jersey Monthly" magazine's September 2012 cover story on the state's "Top Public High Schools", after being ranked 98th in 2010 out of 322 schools listed. The magazine ranked the school 77th in 2008 out of 316 schools. The school was ranked 45th in the magazine's September 2006 issue, which included 316 schools across the state. Schooldigger.com ranked the school tied for 124th out of 381 public high schools statewide in its 2011 rankings (a decrease of 44 positions from the 2010 ranking) which were based on the combined percentage of students classified as proficient or above proficient on the mathematics (83.3%) and language arts literacy (97.0%) components of the High School Proficiency Assessment (HSPA).
In the 2011 "Ranking America's High Schools" issue by "The Washington Post", the school was ranked 50th in New Jersey and 1,527th nationwide.
In its 2013 report on "America's Best High Schools", "The Daily Beast" ranked the school 705th in the nation among participating public high schools and 54th among schools in New Jersey.
Athletics.
The Paramus High School Spartans now compete in the Big North Conference, following a reorganization of sports leagues in Northern New Jersey by the New Jersey State Interscholastic Athletic Association. The school had participated in the Northern New Jersey Interscholastic League prior to the realignment that took place in 2010. The Paramus High School sports program has had much success over the years, most notably in baseball, volleyball, and wrestling. The ice hockey team ended a 12-year drought with a league title, league championship, and also a holiday tournament championship in the 2011-12 season.
The baseball program has won over 800 games since its inception in 1960 which includes four state championships, a county championship, and thirteen league championships. Many players have gone on to graduate and continue to play baseball at the collegiate level, several of which played at the NCAA Division 1 level or professionally. Former head coach Joe Cervino, who managed the team for 30 seasons from 1982-2011, was one of the most successful coaches in Bergen County history, one of only four coaches to win more than 500 games.
The girls volleyball team has won seven state championships, winning the Division A title in 1981 against Northern Valley Regional High School at Old Tappan, taking the Group IV title in 1982 against Hackensack High School, and earning Group III titles in 1988 (vs. Ramsey High School), 1999 (Old Tappan), 1994 (River Dell Regional High School), 1995 (Lakeland Regional High School) and 2005 (Ramapo High School). The team won the Tournament of Champions in 2005, defeating Secaucus High School in the tournament finals with a two-game sweep by scores of 25-22 and 25-23.
The 1994 girls volleyball team finished the season with a record of 22-2, winning the league and Group III state title, but lost to Paramus Catholic High School in the Bergen County tournament. The 1995 team won the Group III title for a second consecutive year, and took the Bergen County title with a win over Paramus Catholic.
Administration.
Core members of the school's administration are:
Notable alumni.
Some notable Paramus High school alumni include:

</doc>
<doc id="18391817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391817" title="DOS 2">
DOS 2

DOS 2 or DOS-2 may refer to:
It may also refer to versions of the Microsoft MS-DOS family:
It may also refer to versions of the IBM PC DOS family:
It may also refer to operating systems of the Digital Research family:

</doc>
<doc id="18391827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391827" title="Obata Ryokuchi Station">
Obata Ryokuchi Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagoya Guideway Bus

</doc>
<doc id="18391862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391862" title="Okazaki Station">
Okazaki Station

History.
Okazaki Station was opened June 16, 1891 when the section of the Japanese Government Railways (JGR) line connecting Hamamatsu with Obu was completed. This line was named Tōkaidō Line in 1895, and the Tōkaidō Main Line in 1909. The Nishio Railway began operations to Okazaki Station from October 30, 1911 (later taken over by Meitetsu, operations were discontinued in 1943). In 1930, the first bus system operated by the national government began operations from Okazaki Station. After World War II, the JGR became the Japan National Railway (JNR). A portion of the former Nishio Line was reopened on December 1951 as the "Fukuoka Line", which operated to June 1962. The JNR Okata Line (the forerunner of the Aichi Loop Line) began freight operations in October 1970 and passenger operations in April 1976. However, all freight operations from Okazaki Station were discontinued in January 1984 and small parcel operations from November 1986. With the privatization and dissolution of the JNR on April 1, 1987, the station came under the control of the Central Japan Railway Company. A new elevated station building was completed in October 1990.
Layout.
Okazaki Station consists of two island platforms serving 4 tracks, and a side platform with one track. It shared facilities for the Tōkaidō Main Line and the Aichi Loop Line.

</doc>
<doc id="18391868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391868" title="Bell Block">
Bell Block

Bell Block is a town in Taranaki, New Zealand. State Highway 3 runs through it. It is 6 km north-east of the centre of New Plymouth and 1 km from the outer edge of New Plymouth at Waiwhakaiho. Waitara is about 9 km to the north-east. New Plymouth Airport is located immediately to the north-east of Bell Block.
The population was 4,065 in the 2006 Census, an increase of 168 from 2001.
History.
The land was purchased in November 1848 by Francis Dillon Bell from the Puketapu iwi. The initial purchase was but more land was added subsequently. Disagreements over the sale of the land contributed to the First Taranaki War.
A stockade was built to protect local settlers in 1860. Some of the earthworks continued until 1972 when a hotel was built on the site.
Much of New Plymouth's heavy and medium industry is situated around Bell Block, which led to heavy traffic congestion. Construction of an arterial bypass of the town commenced in late 2006. A previously unknown Māori Pā site was discovered during site investigations and was excavated by archaeologists prior to construction.
Features and attractions.
The Waipu Lagoons are North Taranaki's only wetland area. The lagoons are home to a variety of wildlife, and are an important natural home for the endangered Australasian Bittern.
Funding has been approved for a cycleway linking Bell Block to the northern end of New Plymouth's coastal walkway.
Education.
Bell Block School and Puketapu School are coeducational full primary (years 1-8) schools with decile rating of 5 and 4, and rolls of 297 and 246, respectively. Bell Block School celebrated the 150th anniversary of education in Bell Block in 2006. The present school dates from 1872. Puketapu School was built in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="18391883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391883" title="Anthurium hookeri">
Anthurium hookeri

Anthurium hookeri, the Bird's Nest Anthurium, is a species of flowering plant in the "Anthurium" genus. The specimens sold are almost always hybrids and not the species. "Anthurium hookeri" possesses some unique features which include, short internodes, dense roots, and lanceolate cataphylls. The leaves have triangular to D-shaped petioles 2–9 cm long, are rosulate, 10–26 cm wide, 35-89 cm long. The leaves exhibit a scalariforme venation and supervolute vernation. Covering the leaves are tiny black glandular punctuates. The berries produced by the plant are white. 

</doc>
<doc id="18391902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391902" title="Alexander Esswein">
Alexander Esswein

Alexander Esswein (born 25 March 1990) is a German footballer who plays as a midfielder for FC Augsburg in the Bundesliga.
Career.
National career.
Presently Esswein plays for the German U-21 national team. Previously he had already played for the U-17, U-18, U-18, U-19 and U-20 national team. He was part of the German U-17 team that finished in third place in the 2007 U-17 World Cup in South Korea. In this tournament, Esswein scored two goals against Trinidad and Tobago in the group-stage and scored the winning goal in the third place playoff against Ghana two minutes into stoppage time.
External links.
He is OP in Fifa 13

</doc>
<doc id="18391915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391915" title="Anthem Blue Cross">
Anthem Blue Cross

Anthem Blue Cross is a major US. health insurance provider which is a subsidiary of insurance giant Wellpoint. Anthem has about 800,000 customers, and has more individual policyholders in California than any other insurer. It is an independent licensee of the Blue Cross Blue Shield Association based in Thousand Oaks, California. Wellpoint had a net income of $2.49 billion in 2008, and $4.7 billion in 2009.
Management.
Anthem was led by Leslie Margolin, company president. She was named to the position in January 2008, and also served as CEO of the firm’s Life and Health affiliate. Joseph Swedish is currently serving as CEO of the company.
Controversies.
Recissions.
In 2007, the California Department of Managed Health Care (DMHC), a California state regulatory agency, investigated the company's policies for revoking (rescinding) health care insurance policies. The DMHC randomly selected 90 instances in which the company canceled the insurance of policy holders after diagnoses with costly or life-threatening illnesses, to determine how many cancellations were legally justified. The agency concluded that Anthem Blue Cross lacked legal grounds for canceling policies in every single instance. "In all 90 files, there was no evidence (that Blue Cross), before rescinding coverage, investigated or established that the applicant's omission/misrepresentation was willful," the DMHC report said. 
2010 rate increases.
In February 2010 Anthem gained worldwide media attention and became a poster child for the problem of rising US health costs, when it announced that it was raising rates on some individual policy holders by as much as 39% as of March 2010. The rate increase came one year after Anthem had raised rates 68% on individual policy holders.
To explain the latest rate increases, some which were four times the rate of medical inflation, Anthem said the company has experienced a death spiral, as unemployment and declining wages lead healthy customers to drop their insurance, the remaining risk pool becomes sicker and more expensive to insure, and, in turn, prices are forced up and push more people out of the market.
In response to the outrage from politicians and consumers, Anthem postponed the rate increase until May 1 2010.
Given Anthem’s rate increase plans, Senator Dianne Feinstein, Democratic Senator of California, has proposed giving the federal government authority to block insurance premium hikes considered to be “unjustified.”
2009-10 security breach.
In June 2010, Anthem sent letters to 230,000 customers in California warning them that their personal data might have been accessed online. After a routine upgrade in October 2009, a third-party vendor stated that all security measures had been properly reinstated, when in fact they hadn't. As a result, thousands of applicants for coverage who were under the age of 65 had their personal information exposed in the open. After a Los Angeles-area woman discovered her application for coverage was publicly available, she filed a class-action lawsuit against Anthem. While gathering evidence for the proceeding, the woman's lawyers downloaded some confidential customer information from Anthem's Website and alerted Anthem about the breach. According to the lawyers, confidential information had remained out in the open for five months.

</doc>
<doc id="18391920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391920" title="Georgia Caine">
Georgia Caine

Georgia Caine (30 October 1876 – 4 April 1964) was an American actress who performed both on Broadway and in over 80 films in her 51 year career.
Early career.
Born in San Francisco, California in 1876, the daughter of two Shakespearean actors, George Caine and the former Jennie Darragh, she travelled with them when they toured the country. Caine left school at the age of 17 to join a Shakespearean repertory company. She made her Broadway debut in 1899 as the star of the musical "A Reign of Error". Caine continued to perform continuously on Broadway as a star or featured performer, primarily in musicals, until the mid-1930s, including in George M. Cohan's "Little Nellie Kelly", as well as his "Mary", and "The O'Brien Girls". She appeared in Franz Lehár's "The Merry Widow" both on Broadway and in London.
Caine was often written about by theater columnists until the 1930s, when her star had started to fade. She made her last Broadway appearance in 1935, in Damon Runyon and Howard Lindsay's "A Slight Case of Murder".
Film career.
With her stage career fading, Caine took advantage of the advent of talking pictures to change her focus and moved to California to work in Hollywood. In 1930, Caine made her first film, "Good Intentions", and in the next twenty years appeared in 83 films, mostly playing character roles – mothers, aunts, and older neighbors – although she occasionally played against type, such as when she was a streetwalker in "Camille" (1936). Many of her parts were small and she did not receive screen credit for them.
In 1940, Caine appeared as Barbara Stanwyck's mother in the film "Remember the Night", which was written by Preston Sturges, and she would go on to become part of Sturges' unofficial "stock company" of character actresses, appearing in seven other films written by Sturges.
Caine made her final film appearance in 1950, at the age of 73, in "Kiss Tomorrow Goodbye".
Personal life.
According to "Marie Dressler The Unlikeliest Star" by Betty Lee, about Caine's friend Marie Dressler, Caine was married to a prominent man from San Francisco by the 1920s, but the book gives no information on what his name was or when or for how long they were married.
Georgia Caine died in Hollywood, California on 4 April 1964, at the age of 87, and is buried in Valhalla Memorial Park Cemetery in North Hollywood, California.
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="18391934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391934" title="The Million Dollar Backpack">
The Million Dollar Backpack

The Million Dollar Backpack is the third studio album by rapper Skillz, formerly known as Mad Skillz. It was released on July 22, 2008 on Koch Records and distributed by Big Kidz Entertainment. The first single off the album was "So Far So Good" featuring Common on the album version and Talib Kweli on the video version. It is the follow-up to Skillz 2005 album "Confessions of a Ghostwriter".

</doc>
<doc id="18391936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391936" title="Vasitis nodosa">
Vasitis nodosa

Vasitis nodosa is a complication experienced in approximately 66% of men who undergo vasectomy. It is a benign nodular thickening of the vas deferens, in which small off-shoots proliferate, infiltrating surrounding tissue. It can be mistaken for low-grade adenocarcinoma by pathologists, and is implicated in late vasectomy failure.

</doc>
<doc id="18391940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391940" title="Mutsuna Station">
Mutsuna Station

History.
Mutsuna Station was opened on January 31, 1988 together with the establishment of the Aichi Loop Railway Company.
Layout.
Mutsuna Station has a two opposed elevated side platforms. The station is unattended.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Aichi Loop Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18391943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391943" title="Maryshore Seminary">
Maryshore Seminary

Maryshore Seminary was a CICM mission seminary in the southern region of the Philippines. CICM, or the Congregation of the Immaculate Heart of Mary, in the Philippines has two major pre-novitiate seminaries, Maryhurst in the north and Maryshore in the south.

</doc>
<doc id="18391947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391947" title="Palisota barteri">
Palisota barteri

Palisota barteri is a species of plant in the Commelinaceae family.

</doc>
<doc id="18391966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391966" title="HMT Bedfordshire">
HMT Bedfordshire

HMT "Bedfordshire" (FY141) was an armed naval trawler in the service of the Royal Naval Patrol Service during World War II. Transferred to the East Coast of the United States to assist the United States Navy with anti-submarine patrols, she was staffed by a British and Canadian crew. "Bedfordshire" was sunk by the German U-boat "U-558" on 11 May 1942 off the coast of Ocracoke Island in the Outer Banks of North Carolina, with the loss of all hands.
Construction.
"Bedfordshire" was built as a commercial fishing trawler by Smiths Dock Company of South Bank, Middlesbrough, England. Launched at Teesside on 17 July 1935, she was completed in August 1935 and turned over to her owners, Bedfordshire Fishing Company of Grimsby, managed by H. Markham Cook Ltd. "Bedfordshire" was long, with a beam.
The Admiralty acquired "Bedfordshire" for anti-submarine duty in August 1939. Converted for service as a naval trawler, she was armed with a 4-inch gun, machine guns, and depth charges.
Service in British waters.
Following completion of her conversion in December 1940, HMT "Bedfordshire" undertook anti-submarine patrols and escort duty off the southwest coast of England and in the Bristol Channel. She served in this capacity throughout 1941 and early 1942.
Situation in American waters deteriorates.
After Germany declared war on the United States on 11 December 1941, German U-boats quickly became a deadly threat on the East Coast. The United States Navy was ill-prepared to defend against submarine warfare, and U-boats found it easy to pick off commercial shipping vessels, which traveled unescorted. The onslaught began with Operation Drumbeat when 35 Allied ships were sunk by U-boats off the American coast in January 1942.
In March 1942, the Royal Navy sent 24 converted trawlers, including "Bedfordshire", to assist the United States Navy with anti-submarine patrols along the East Coast. "Bedfordshire", commanded by Lieutenant Russell Bransby Davis, RNR, was assigned to the Fifth Naval District, headquartered at Naval Station Norfolk. She operated out of Morehead City, North Carolina, primarily in sectors two and three, where she patrolled the waters surrounding the Outer Banks while U-boats continued to terrorize local shipping.
Service on the American coast.
On 16 April 1942, "Bedfordshire" along with HMT "Lady Elsa", , and conducted patrols in sector two. "Bedfordshire" and "Tourmaline" assisted in the search for survivors of a sunken tanker in sector two on 17 April. 
On 18 April, "Bedfordshire" searched for survivors of "U-85", the first U-boat sunk by the US Navy off the East Coast. For the next several days "Bedfordshire" stood guard duty over a concerted attempt to salvage "U-85". The effort was ultimately unsuccessful and the attempt was abandoned on 22 April. The remains of U-85 lie at a depth of less than 100 feet (30 m) in the waters off Bodie Island Lighthouse; its Enigma machine was recovered in 2001.
The remainder of April was spent patrolling in the vicinity of Currituck Island, Hatteras Island, and Lookout Shoals.
On 1 May, a plane reported having spotted a lifeboat some 255 miles east of Cape Lookout, and "Bedfordshire" was sent on a search and rescue mission. She was back on patrol in sector three from 07-09 May, after which she returned to Morehead City.
At noon on 10 May "Bedfordshire" and HMT "St Zeno" departed Morehead City to escort a convoy to Hatteras, arriving safely near midnight.
Sinking.
On 10 May 1942, "Bedfordshire" and HMT "St Loman" were dispatched from Morehead City to search for a U-boat believed to be in the vicinity of Ocracoke Island. The ships were spotted by "U-558", commanded by Kapitänleutnant Günther Krech. Later in the evening Krech, believing his sub had been detected, fired on "St Loman", which spotted the torpedoes and evaded them. The search continued throughout the night. At 5:40 am on 11 May 1942, "U-558" fired a torpedo at "Bedfordshire", missed, and fired a second, which scored a direct hit and sank her immediately. All 37 men aboard were killed. A 38th crewman, a young stoker by the name of Sam Nutt, had been detained at Morehead City by local police and narrowly missed boarding the ship for her last patrol.
On 14 May, the bodies of two seamen were discovered by a Coast Guardsman on the shores of Ocracoke Island. Their British uniforms offered the first indication that "Bedfordshire" may have met her end, and the U-boat menace was presumed to be responsible. Her fate was ultimately confirmed the following year after "U-558" was sunk, resulting in the capture of Kapitänleutnant Krech and his ship's diaries.
Burials.
The bodies found on 14 May were identified as Sub-Lieutenant Thomas Cunningham and Ordinary Telegraphist Stanley Craig of the "Bedfordshire", and their remains were buried in a small plot next to a cemetery in Ocracoke Village. The Royal Navy flag draped over Cunningham's coffin was one of several that he himself had given to a local man less than a month earlier for the funeral ceremonies of British seamen. Shortly thereafter, two additional bodies from the ship washed ashore on Ocracoke. Unidentified, they were also buried in what became known as the Ocracoke Island British Cemetery.
On nearby Hatteras Island, the body of a fifth British seaman, unidentifiable but presumed to be from "Bedfordshire", washed ashore on 21 May. The month prior, a British sailor from the sunken merchant ship "San Delfino" had been buried on Hatteras; the "Bedfordshire" seaman was interred in an adjacent plot, resulting in a second British Cemetery, formally known as Cape Hatteras Coast Guard Burial Ground.
In late May or early June, a sixth body, that of Seaman Alfred Dryden, washed ashore at Swan Quarter, North Carolina. Dryden was buried in Oak Grove Baptist Cemetery at Creeds, Virginia, with three victims of HMT "Kingston Ceylonite" whose bodies washed ashore nearby.
Commemoration.
The British Cemeteries on Ocracoke and Hatteras were leased in 1976 in perpetuity to the British government for as long as the interred men rest there. Formal custody is handled by the Commonwealth War Graves Commission, which provided the protocol headstones. Regular maintenance is handled by the US Coast Guard and local residents as a gesture of gratitude and respect to the fallen men and an act of comity to the British government. A Royal Navy flag flies over the cemeteries, and a ceremony is held there each year on 11 May to honor the men of the "Bedfordshire". The Commonwealth War Graves Commission also provided headstones for the four British servicemen interred in Creeds, Virginia, including Alfred Dryden of the "Bedfordshire".
The crewmen whose bodies were not recovered are honored by name on the Royal Naval Patrol Service Memorial at Lowestoft.
The wreck of the "Bedfordshire" was located in 1980 at at a depth of . The site is considered a protected war grave under the Protection of Military Remains Act 1986. In 2008 and 2009 the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration led an expedition to document the condition of ships sunk during the Battle of the Atlantic. At the request of the British government, the "Bedfordshire" wreck site was surveyed by the expedition in 2009. 

</doc>
<doc id="18391968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18391968" title="Tony Grosso">
Tony Grosso

Tony Grosso (December 9, 1913 – August 12, 1994) was an American bookmaker from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
Biography.
Anthony M. Grosso was born December 9, 1913. A native of Pittsburgh's Hill District, beginning in 1938, he was involved in running an illegal daily lottery in the area. At its peak in the late 1960s, his business employed an estimated 5,000 people and grossed $30 million a year.[http://news.google.com/newspapers?id=JFoqAAAAIBAJ&sjid=R1UEAAAAIBAJ&pg=7190%2C3596941]
Grosso served 28 months in jail for racketeering after a 1973 conviction and in 1986 was sentenced to 14 years in prison for violating federal gambling laws and evading taxes. Upon his release from federal prison in Texas in 1991, Grosso immediately entered a state penitentiary to serve additional time for running the numbers business and criminal conspiracy.
Following his 1987 incarceration, his business was taken over by Junior and Salvatore Williams.
Grosso was known to have many ingenious even comical defenses. One caught the eye of businessman Malcolm Forbes after Grosso beat the IRS trying to hold his wife Angela responsible for his tax evasion crime:
After Anthony Grosso, an operator of an illegal numbers lottery, was caught and convicted, the IRS demanded that his wife, Angela, pony up the unpaid income tax on Anthony's huge illegal income. Though they had filed a joint return, her husband maintained that Angela knew nothing of the unreported sums. "Under the Italian custom, we have a way of not telling our wives anything. We don't want to hurt them," Grosso explained. The Tax Court agreed and rejected the IRS argument that Angela knew about her husband's "take."
Politics.
Grosso had a brief foray into politics in the late 1970s. It was rumored Grosso backed the same man who was able to sentence him to jail earlier. Even though former PA state governor and US attorney general Dick Thornburgh denied Grosso's support many said Grosso spoke of spending over a million dollars on his campaign against former Pittsburgh Mayor Pete Flaherty. Grosso was said to have hired flying billboards to circle over Friday night football games saying "Don't elect a crook for governor Pennsylvania". The signs were thought to be referring to Pete Flaherty.[http://news.google.com/newspapers?id=bcxRAAAAIBAJ&sjid=YG0DAAAAIBAJ&pg=3178%2C887858] 
While trying to gain his freedom in the early 1990s, Grosso became disappointed in Thornburgh with his lack of effort in aiding him in his release from jail. Some family member's felt Grosso was troubled by his treatment of Flaherty saying it was one of the only regrets of his life. In the end, Grosso always felt Flaherty was a "good Man" and spoke of his lapse in judgment days before his death. Grosso was never able to apologize to Flaherty before his passing. Grosso's involvement in the campaign probably cost Flaherty the Governorship. Time magazine reported the alleged antics of Grosso during the year of Flaherty's run.[http://www.time.com/time/magazine/article/0,9171,946082-8,00.html]
Grosso is also mentioned on the downfall and investigation of Allegheny County District Attorney Robert Duggan in 1973. [http://news.google.com/newspapers?id=lg5ZAAAAIBAJ&sjid=_mwDAAAAIBAJ&dq=robert-duggan&pg=6270%2C573872]
Marriage and children.
Tony and Angela Grosso were married on June 10, 1940. (She died in 1998.) The couple has one daughter, Patty, who resides in the Pittsburgh area with her husband, Carmine Bellini Jr., and their four children.
Death and afterward.
Grosso died August 12, 1994, at a prison medical center in Jeannette, Pennsylvania with his family at his side.

</doc>
<doc id="18392081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392081" title="Prime Minister's Office (Sri Lanka)">
Prime Minister's Office (Sri Lanka)

The Prime Minister's Office is a ministry of the Government of Sri Lanka. It provides the administrative and institutional framework for the exercise of the duties and responsibilities vested in the Prime Minister of Sri Lanka. From 1947 to 1978 it was the most powerful office within the government, however after the creation of the executive presidency in 1978 the post of Prime Minister became more or less nominal and functions as a deputy to the President. Since 1960 the office is based at Sirimathipaya Mansion, Sir Ernest de Silva Mawatha (formerly Flower Road), Colombo at the former residence of legendary philanthropist Sir Ernest de Silva.
History.
The Office of the Prime Minister, was formed with D. S. Senanayake becoming the first Prime Minister of Ceylon in 1947. Since the late 1940s till the 1980s the Prime Minister's Office was located at the Senate Building along with the Senate office, Cabinet office and the Ministry of External Affairs and Defence. Later it moved to the Sirimathipaya Mansion. Up until the 1960s the Prime Minister's Office was made up of a Secretary (Permanent Secretary), Assistant Secretary who where officers of the Ceylon Civil Service and a Private Secretary along with clerical and support staff. Structure remains much the same with the staff numbers increased over the years and appointments made from the public services.
Terrorist attack.
The LTTE has carried out a suicide bombing at the Prime Minister's Office, on January 5, 2000 in an assassination attempt when a female suicide bomber bomber detonated the bomb outside the Prime Minister's Office killing 13 civilians and three police officers attached to the PMSD.
Permanent Secretaries.
Incomplete 

</doc>
<doc id="18392104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392104" title="Naka-Okazaki Station">
Naka-Okazaki Station

History.
Naka-Okazaki Station was opened on April 26, 1976 as a passenger station on the Japan National Railways (JNR) Okata Line connecting with . At the time, the station had a single side platform. With the privatization of the JNR on April 1, 1987, the station came under control of the JR-Tokai. The station was transferred to the third sector Aichi Loop Railway Company on January 31, 1988.
Layout.
Naka-Okazaki Station has a two opposed elevated side platforms, with a station building located underneath. 
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Aichi Loop Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18392112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392112" title="Mark Hollis (athletic director)">
Mark Hollis (athletic director)

Mark Hollis is the current athletic director at Michigan State University and is known for his innovative marketing. He succeeded Ron Mason as athletic director on January 1, 2008.
Career.
Hollis graduated from Croswell-Lexington High School in Michigan class of 1980. He earned a BA in communication from Michigan State University in 1985 and an MBA from the University of Colorado in 1992. Hollis was a basketball team manager under former head coach Jud Heathcote throughout his undergraduate education at Michigan State. Between his BA and MBA, Hollis worked for the Western Athletic Conference under Commissioner Joseph Kearney, who had previously been Athletic Director at Michigan State.
Hollis was named athletic director on January 1, 2008 and has been a part of the Michigan State athletic department since 1995. 
Hollis was responsible for hiring of Michigan State football head coach Mark Dantonio, women's basketball head coach Suzy Merchant, and former Eastern Michigan University baseball head coach Jake Boss Jr..
According to the Michigan State University Faculty and Academic Staff Salary List 2012-2013: Hollis' current salary is $600,000.
Marketing.
Hollis is known as an innovator in marketing college sports with innovative events such as the Basketbowl and the Carrier Classic. In 2002, he was awarded the National Marketer of the Year Award as selected by the National Association of Collegiate Marketing Administrators (NACMA).
Hollis was the architect behind the Cold War, an outdoor ice hockey match-up between rivals Michigan State University and the University of Michigan played in 2001 that ended in a 3-3 tie. He later engineered Basketbowl, a 2003 match-up between Michigan State University and the University of Kentucky played at Ford Field. In developed the popular event the Carrier Classic. The first game was held on November 11, 2011 aboard the USS "Carl Vinson", between Michigan State and North Carolina. President Barack Obama attended this game.
Hollis and the athletic department staff updated much of the design, colors, and look of the athletic department and met much resistance from the students and public when they proposed changing the Michigan State logo.
His latest endeavor is a proposed event to have four simultaneous college basketball games played at the Cowboys Stadium. 
Personal life.
He and his wife Nancy have a daughter and two sons. They reside in Michigan.

</doc>
<doc id="18392117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392117" title="Kita-Okazaki Station">
Kita-Okazaki Station

History.
Kita-Okazaki Station was opened on October 1, 1970 as a freight station on the Japan National Railways (JNR), primary to support the operations of nearby factories of Toyota Motors and its affiliated companies. Scheduled passenger operations began from April 26, 1976.. With the privatization of the JNR on April 1, 1987, the station came under control of the JR-Tokai. The station was transferred to the third sector Aichi Loop Railway Company on January 31, 1988. Freight operations were discontinued from 2010.
Layout.
Kita-Okazaki Station has a two opposed elevated side platforms, with a station building located underneath. 
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Aichi Loop Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18392131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392131" title="Daimon Station (Aichi)">
Daimon Station (Aichi)

History.
Daimon Station was opened on January 31, 1988 together with the establishment of the Aichi Loop Railway Company.
Layout.
Daimon Station has a single elevated side platform, serving bi-directional traffic.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Aichi Loop Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18392144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392144" title="Kitano-Masuzuka Station">
Kitano-Masuzuka Station

Lines.
Kitano-Masuzuka Station is served by the Aichi Loop Line, and is located 8.7 kilometers from the terminus of the line at Okazaki Station. 
Station layout.
Kitano-Masuzuka Station has a single elevated island platform serving two tracks, with the station building located underneath.
History.
Kitano-Masuzuka Station was opened on October 1, 1970, as a freight station on the Japanese National Railways (JNR), primarily to support the operations of nearby factories of Toyota Motors and its affiliated companies. Scheduled passenger operations began from April 26, 1976. Freight operations were discontinued from January 1, 1985. With the privatization of JNR on April 1, 1987, the station came under the control of JR Central. The station was transferred to the third sector Aichi Loop Railway Company on January 31, 1988. The station was expanded with the addition of another track on December 23, 2001, in preparation for the 2005 Aichi World Exposition.

</doc>
<doc id="18392145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392145" title="Charles Boateng">
Charles Boateng

Charles Boateng (born 14 December 1989 in Mampong) is a Ghanaian footballer.
Career.
Boateng began his career by Nania F.C. and plays with his team by the Youth Cup in Altstetten 2004 and 2005, he was with his team in the Final. Boateng was from January 2007 to January 2008 on loan by Tema Youth and was member of the Ghana Premier League All Star team 2007. He moved in January 2008 from Nania F.C. to Dijon FCO, formerly was in June 2007 on trial at Dijon FCO.
He was one of the player who was banned from the Ghana Division 2 after the Match fixing Scandal with Nania F.C. and Okwawu United. After three seasons with Dijon FCO, the 20-year old Ghanese midfielder signed on 14 June 2010 for FC Rouen.
International.
He also played for Ghana U17 team at 2005 FIFA U-17 World Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18392171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392171" title="Mikawa-Kamigō Station">
Mikawa-Kamigō Station

History.
Mikawa-Kamigō Station was opened on April 26, 1976 as a passenger station on the Japan National Railways (JNR) Okata Line connecting with . At the time, the station had a single side platform. With the privatization of the JNR on April 1, 1987, the station came under control of the JR-Tokai. The station was transferred to the third sector Aichi Loop Railway Company on January 31, 1988.
Layout.
Mikawa-Kamigō Station has two elevated side platforms, with the station building located underneath the platforms.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Aichi Loop Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18392176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392176" title="Coldwell Complex">
Coldwell Complex

The Coldwell Complex is a large circular gabbro and syenite intrusion within the Earth's crust. Located on the North Shore of Lake Superior in northwestern Ontario, Canada, it is the largest alkaline intrusion in North America with a diameter of .
Formation.
Like the steep cliffs of Lake Superior, the Coldwell Complex has its origins in the Midcontinent Rift System about 1,100 million years ago. It is an exposed magma chamber that formed beneath the surface causing surface swelling to occur. Eventually, this swelling turned into an active volcano, erupting basaltic magma. 600 million years ago, the volcano walls became so large and heavy, they caved in on the volcano, acting as a plug. The magma then becomes trapped in the magma chamber where it settles and cools with other minerals causing the initial phases of the complex. 66 million years ago, glaciers began to recede, stripping away the top layers of the volcano. Today, the once hot magma chamber is exposed surface rock on the northern shore of Lake Superior.

</doc>
<doc id="18392189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392189" title="Ekaku Station">
Ekaku Station

History.
Ekaku Station was opened on April 26, 1976 as a passenger station on the Japan National Railways (JNR) Okata Line connecting with . At the time, the station had a single side platform. With the privatization of the JNR on April 1, 1987, the station came under control of the JR-Tokai. The station was transferred to the third sector Aichi Loop Railway Company on January 31, 1988.
Layout.
Ekaku Station has a single side platform for bidirectional traffic; there is no station building, but a roofed enclosure on the platform itself.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Aichi Loop Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18392196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392196" title="Suenohara Station">
Suenohara Station

History.
Suenohara Station was opened on January 31, 1988 together with the opening of the Aichi Loop Railway Line.
Layout.
Suenohara Station has two opposed side platforms, connected by an overpass.

</doc>
<doc id="18392197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392197" title="Pachycormus (plant)">
Pachycormus (plant)

Pachycormus is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the cashew family. The generic name refers to "pachy" for "thick" and "kormos" for "stump," referring to the thick caudiciform trunk. The specific epithet "dis" refers to a negation of color. The single species is "Pachycormus discolor" endemic to the Baja California peninsula, 
Called the Baja elephant tree, or torote blanco, plants are grown in containers by caudiciform succulent afficianados. There are 2 to 3 subspecies. Only seed grown specimens develop the caudex. Note: the common name "elephant tree" is also applied to "Bursera microphylla" as well as other species.
Description.
Trees to 20 feet tall and as wide, marginally frost tolerant with tip damage at 32 degrees F, death at 25 degrees F. Plants do best in full sun. Exfoliating white outer bark reveals blue-green, photosynthetic inner bark. Leaves dark green, pinnately compound, pubescent, drought deciduous. Cream flowers with pink centers appear in May, and can bloom into September, depending on moisture levels.

</doc>
<doc id="18392198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392198" title="Steven Dias">
Steven Dias

Steven Benedic Dias (born 25 December 1983) is an Indian professional football player currently playing for Mumbai Tigers of the I-League. An attacking midfielder who plays on the wings, he is known for his long range shooting, crossing and passing. Dias made his debut for India in 2006 and has since become a mainstay in the Indian midfield.
Club career.
Dias was playing for one of India's leading clubs Mahindra United (before the club withdrew from Indian football federation on 30 April 2010) and played in their NFL winning team, as well as in the AFC Cup.
On 23 March 2013, he scored against ONGC F.C. to give his side a lead, a match which finally ended 1–1.
Club.
"Statistics not accurate"

</doc>
<doc id="18392234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392234" title="Mikawa-Toyota Station">
Mikawa-Toyota Station

Lines.
Mikawa-Toyota Station is served by the Aichi Loop Line, and is located 15.9 kilometers from the terminus of the line at Okazaki Station. 
Layout.
Mikawa-Toyota Station has two opposed side platforms, connected by an overpass.
History.
Mikawa-Toyota Station was opened on December 27, 1937 as a station on the privately held Mikawa Railway Okazaki Line. The Mikawa Railway was merged with Meitetsu June 1, 1941, and the Okazaki Line became the Meitetsu Okazaki Line. The station name was renamed on October 1, 1959. On August 30, 1973, the extension from this station to Koromo Station was discontinued. The station was transferred to the Japan National Railways (JNR) Okata Line connecting with on April 26, 1976.
With the privatization of the JNR on April 1, 1987, the station came under control of the JR Central. The station was transferred to the third sector Aichi Loop Railway Company on January 31, 1988, and reverted to its original name.

</doc>
<doc id="18392256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392256" title="Shin-Uwagoromo Station">
Shin-Uwagoromo Station

History.
Shin-Uwagoromo Station was opened on January 31, 1988 with the opening of the Aichi Loop Railway Company. The platforms were elevated from 2007-2008.
Layout.
Shin-Uwagoromo Station has two opposed elevated side platforms
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Aichi Loop Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18392261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392261" title="Premier Biosoft">
Premier Biosoft

PREMIER Biosoft (PB) is a California, United States based bioinformatics company. The company specializes in developing software for use in life science research. In addition to developing software products, the company offers consultancy for bioinformatics projects.
Company background.
PREMIER Biosoft, established in 1994, is one of the earliest bioinformatics company, founded by Arun Apte and Kay Brown with a mission to serve the life science research labs all over the world. The mission statement for PB reads as follows: “Accelerating Research in Life Sciences”. The company serves research labs, pharmaceuticals, core facilities and biotechnology companies with its products. The company's first product, Primer Premier, was authored over 17 years ago, for designing PCR assays.
Products and services.
After the launch of Primer Premier the company released SimVector, a plasmid drawing and cloning simulation tool, and Array Designer, for designing microarray probes.
The trend in the PCR market was soon shifting towards a new and powerful technique called real time PCR. PREMIER Biosoft caught up early and authored Beacon Designer™, supporting the most popular real time PCR chemistries The company later came out with a pathogen detection system called AlleleID® with support for real time PCR and microarray probe design for designing cross species, species specific, intron-exon spanning assays and splice variant microarrays.
The company has ventured into proteomics, glycomics and lipidomics research with the launch of Xpression Primer (tagged primer design tool), SimGlycan® (MS/MS data analysis tool) and SimLipid (lipid characterization tool). The company's latest offerings, MALDIVision for MALDI IMS, analyzes and visualizes ion distribution in tissues and PrimerPlex for xMAP, designs oligos for multiplex systems.

</doc>
<doc id="18392265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392265" title="Yoichi Hatta">
Yoichi Hatta


</doc>
<doc id="18392272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392272" title="Shin-Toyota Station">
Shin-Toyota Station

History.
Shin-Toyota Station was opened on April 26, 1976 as a passenger station on the Japan National Railways (JNR) Okata Line connecting with Shin-Toyota. With the privatization of the JNR on April 1, 1987, the station came under control of the JR-Tokai. The station was transferred to the third sector Aichi Loop Railway Company on January 31, 1988. The station building was rebuilt in 1991.
Layout.
Shin-Toyota Station has two opposed elevated side platforms
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Aichi Loop Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18392282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392282" title="WhoBob WhatPants?">
WhoBob WhatPants?

"WhoBob WhatPants?", also known as "What Ever Happened to SpongeBob?", is the 18th episode of the fifth season and the 98th overall episode of the American animated television series "SpongeBob SquarePants". The episode originally aired on Nickelodeon in the United States on October 13, 2008, and on Earth Day on CBS on April 22, 2009, with a special extended version. 
The series follows the adventures of SpongeBob SquarePants in the underwater city of Bikini Bottom. In the episode, SpongeBob loses his memory and wanders away into a new town. The episode was written by Casey Alexander, Zeus Cervas, and Steven Banks, and was directed by Alan Smart. The episode features the guest appearance of Ray Liotta as the voice of Trevor. Upon release, the episode pulled an average of 7.7 million viewers, and was met with mostly negative reviews. 
Plot summary.
SpongeBob wakes up on a normal day as usual and wants to spend time with his friends; however, he ends up angering them. SpongeBob decides to leave Bikini Bottom, believing his friends now hate him after each of them calls him "idiot boy". As he leaves, he falls off a cliff and bumps his head, knocking himself unconscious. Back in Bikini Bottom, everybody feels sorry for making SpongeBob leave, with the exception of Squidward, who is delighted. Even worse, without SpongeBob making Krabby Patties to calm people, the city breaks out into massive chaos.
Meanwhile, SpongeBob wakes up with amnesia. He saw a couple of fish; however, they run in fear when they find out SpongeBob has a bottle of bubble soap. He wanders around until he ends up in New Kelp City where he attempts to get a job. Each time he gets a job he uses his bubble blowing ability, but this strikes fear into all the residents of the city. His activity brings up a confrontation with "the Bubble Poppin' Boys", who have scared the city into never blowing bubbles because they keep being blinded by the bubbles. SpongeBob uses his ability to get rid of the gang in a giant bubble that he blew out of town. He is rewarded by getting the position of mayor of New Kelp City.
Back in Bikini Bottom, Sandy, Patrick, and Squidward learn SpongeBob became the new mayor, but when they go to New Kelp City to retrieve him, SpongeBob cannot remember who they are. They manage to take SpongeBob and return him to the Krusty Krab, but he wants to return to New Kelp City. Meanwhile, Squidward slips and accidentally throws his Fabergé egg onto SpongeBob's head, which causes his memory to come back. But even so, SpongeBob still wants to return to New Kelp City. At that moment, a breaking news report comes on, saying that the bubbles in New Kelp City are blinding the citizens, and SpongeBob is being threatened by a thug. This makes SpongeBob change his mind and he says that he will stay in Bikini Bottom.
Production.
"WhoBob WhatPants", also known as "What Ever Happened to SpongeBob?", was written by Casey Alexander, Zeus Cervas, and Steven Banks. Directed by Alan Smart, the episode was first announced by Nickelodeon on September 24, 2008 on a press release. According to the network, SpongeBob "wanders the ocean, a stranger in his own pants," and finds himself in a rough part of New Kelp City, where he faces off against the Boys' gangleader, Liotta's character.
The episode originally aired in the United States on October 13, 2008. From October 3, 2008, TurboNick featured a special playlist of content dedicated to the episode, including a sneak-peek of the special, themed episodes, short-form content, song clips and an instant replay of the special following the television premiere. Nick.com, in 2008, presented a new game called "SpongeBob SquarePants: WhoBob WhatPants?" to celebrate the episode's television airing. The episode also features SpongeBob's signature sea chanty altered to "WhoBob WhatPants?" during the chorus answers in the title sequence.
In addition to the regular cast, American Emmy Award Winning actor Ray Liotta guest starred in the episode as the voice of Trevor, the leader of New Kelp City's Bubble Poppin Boys gang, and the main villain in the episode.
On October 14, 2008, "WhoBob WhatPants?" became available in the DVD compilation of the same name, along with six other episodes including "Goo Goo Gas", "The Two Faces of Squidward", "SpongeHenge", "Banned in Bikini Bottom", and "Stanley S. SquarePants".
Reception.
"WhoBob WhatPants?" was viewed by 7.7 million audiences. This ranked the program the number one most viewed entertainment show of the night, and the number two most viewed show in all categories after ESPN "Monday Night Football". Despite the high ratings, the episode received mixed to negative reviews from critics. Maddy Pumila said that the episode was "extremely fun and entertaining." He added "I hadn't watched Spongebob in a while, but the laughs in this episode provided more laughs than I would get in an entire day."
Maxie Zeus of "Toon Zone" cited the episode as an example of the series' decline. Lesley Aeschliman of Yahoo! Voices wrote "I have to look at this special like the 'Friend or Foe?' special. While 'WhoBob WhatPants?' works well as a regular story for SpongeBob SquarePants, I'm not entirely convinced that it deserved to be hyped up as a special. While this story had the potential to be 'special material,' it just didn't materialize in the final produced product." Roy Hrab of DVD Verdict said, "It makes me sad to think about how something so pleasurable has declined into something so tedious." Paul Mavis of DVD Talk said, "With a laugh-skimpy script, 'What Ever Happened to SpongeBob?' may be confirming a trend I noticed back with the last original "SpongeBob" toon to get its own disc release, Pest of the West: "SpongeBob" shorts are starting to get tired. And 'What Ever Happened to SpongeBob?' is even less funny than 'Pest of the West'," adding the episode was "Not a good sign."

</doc>
<doc id="18392290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392290" title="Hydrodynamic technique">
Hydrodynamic technique

Hydrodynamic technique is a subcategory of electroanalytical methods in which the analyte solution flows relative to a working electrode. In many voltammetry techniques, the solution is intentionally left still to allow diffusion controlled mass transfer. When a solution is made to flow, through stirring or some other physical mechanism, it is very important to the technique to achieve a very controlled flux or mass transfer in order to obtain predictable results. These methods are types of electrochemical studies which use potentiostats to investigate reaction mechanisms related to redox chemistry among other chemical phenomenon. 
Structure.
Most experiment involve a three electrode setup but the configuration of the setup varies widely. All cell configurations create a laminar flow of solution across the working electrode(s) producing a steady-state current determined by solution flow rather than diffusion. The current resulting can be mathematically predicted and modeled. Among the most common hydrodynamic setup involves the working electrodes rotating to create a laminar flow of solution across the electrode surface. Both rotating disk electrodes (RDE) and rotating ring-disk electrodes (RRDE) are examples where the working electrode rotates. Other configurations, such as flow cells, use pumps to direct solution at or across the working electrode(s).
Distinction.
Hydrodynamic technique are distinct from still and unstirred experiments such as cyclic voltammetry where the stead-state current is limited by the diffusion of substrate. Experiments are not however limited to linear sweep voltammetry. The configuration of many cells takes the substrate from one working electrode across another, RRDE for example. The potential of one electrode can be varied as the other is held constant or varied. The flow rate can also be varied to adjust the temporal gap the substrates experiences between working electrodes.

</doc>
<doc id="18392300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392300" title="Aikan-Umetsubo Station">
Aikan-Umetsubo Station

History.
Aikan-Umetsubo Station was opened on March 1, 2005.
Layout.
Aikan-Umetsubo Station has a single elevated side platform.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Aichi Loop Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18392309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392309" title="Cody Brocious">
Cody Brocious

Cody "Daeken" Brocious is an American software engineer best known for his work on PyMusique and his demonstration of a hotel lock vulnerability in 2012 that affected several million locks in the US and was widely reported in the media.
Biography.
Cody William Brocious was born in Waukegan, Illinois, the son of a Naval Drug and Alcohol counselor. He moved to Chambersburg, Pennsylvania at the age of 3 and became interested in computing by the age of 4. Brocious attended Chambersburg Area Senior High School and the Franklin County Career and Technology Center until the age of 17, at which point he decided to enter the work force by joining MP3Tunes in San Diego.
Notable projects.
PyMusique.
Brocious first saw recognition as founder of the PyMusique project, where he worked with Jon Lech Johansen of DeCSS fame. PyMusique allowed Linux users to purchase music from the iTunes music store without the standard FairPlay DRM implementation in place.
MP3Tunes.
Upon dropping out of High School, Brocious moved to San Diego, California to work at MP3Tunes under the leadership of Michael Robertson. Cody began work as a contractor on the Oboe project where he implemented a now defunct iTunes plugin for accessing the MP3Tunes Music Locker service. He was hired as a full-time employee of the company on his 18th birthday. During his employment, he continued his work on Oboe, where he worked on various other interfaces to the Music Locker service.
Falling Leaf Systems.
During his employment with MP3Tunes, Brocious also joined forces with Brian Thomason, then an employee of another Michael Robertson company, Linspire Inc., to form Falling Leaf Systems LLC. Falling Leaf Systems attempted to commercialize the Alky Project, which was started by Brocious to enable Microsoft Windows games to run on other platforms.
Falling Leaf Systems sold access to a membership site dubbed the Sapling Program, whereby users could access a build of Alky allowing them to demo the game Prey on either Linux or Mac OS X. Despite attempts to expand their stack by also supporting applications on disparate platforms, Falling Leaf Systems officially closed its doors in early 2008.
iPhone hacking.
Brocious, under the pseudonym Daeken, joined with a group of other hackers to reverse engineer the iPhone, granting users the ability to use their phones in ways not intended by Apple. Using code developed by this project, George Hotz gained notoriety by performing the first successful hardware unlocking of a standard iPhone.
Emokit.
In 2010, Brocious reverse-engineered the protocol used by the Emotiv EPOC EEG headset, publishing the AES key used for encrypting the sensor data.
The Hardware Hacker Manifesto.
The Hardware Hacker Manifesto was published on 21 September 2010. It gives some insight of the psychology of hardware hackers. Cody Brocious goes into an explanation of why it is important for owners have the right to utilize hardware the way they wish to use it.
Onity lock systems.
At the 2012 Black Hat Briefings, Brocious presented several vulnerabilities about the Onity HT lock system, a lock used by the majority of U.S. hotels. The security hole can be exploited using about worth of hardware, and it potentially affects millions of hotel rooms. The device was eventually optimized down to the size of a marker, and was eventually used to perform burglaries.
Onity has started rolling out safeguards for the problem in late 2012, which was considered a slow reaction. However, in 2013 it was still reported that some hotels continued to have the vulnerability exploited.

</doc>
<doc id="18392312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392312" title="Shigō Station">
Shigō Station

History.
Shigō Station was opened on January 31, 1988 with the opening of the Aichi Loop Railway Company.
Layout.
Shigō Station has a single island platform.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Aichi Loop Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18392317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392317" title="Mysterious Mose">
Mysterious Mose

Mysterious Mose is a 1930 Fleischer Studios Talkartoon animated short released through Paramount Pictures. It was released in late December the same year. This film contains an early version of Betty Boop and the studio's star, Bimbo.
Mysterious Mose was a song from early 1930, first performed by Walter Doyle and his Orchestra. There are numerous recordings of the song, including Cliff Perrine and his Orchestra and R. Crumb & His Cheap Suit Serenaders. It was written by Walter Doyle and recorded for Columbia in April 1930 by Rube Bloom and His Bayou Boys.
Synopsis.
Betty is startled awake in her bed on a stormy night. She searches for the cause of the shock while she sings the song. Then, unexplainable phenomena start happening in the house. Mysterious Mose (Bimbo) appears, and sings part of the song. Bizarre cartoon creatures appear and, at first, sing and enhance Mose's "mysterious" image. Quickly, however, the antics become frightful even to Mose. The film escalates into chaos, which ends when Mose bursts, revealing him having been an automaton (full of cogs and springs) the whole time.
Graveyard Jamboree with Mysterious Mose is a short film made in 1998 by film makers Seamus Walsh and Mark Caballero of Screen Novelties. The film utilizes puppetry, stop motion and silhouette animation to tell the story of an otherworldly creature preparing a celebration in a cemetery. Walsh and Caballero used the song Mysterious Mose recorded in 1930 by Harry Reser and his Radio All-star Novelty Orchestra. The film has gained world wide attention in film festivals and has retained a small cult audience.

</doc>
<doc id="18392321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392321" title="The Signature LP">
The Signature LP

The Signature LP is Sway DaSafo's second album, released on 5 October 2008. Most of the album was produced by Sway with his Dcypha Productions team; other producers included Louis Gibzen, Guy Katsav and Akon.
Background.
Plans for Sway's second album were made from the outset of his career. It was originally planned to be called "This Is My Album", continuing with the "This Is My..." series which Sway had used for the titles of his first mixtapes and debut album. It was originally scheduled to be released on 5 May 2008 but was pushed back to 5 October 2008 to accommodate "Silver and Gold" featuring Akon. Sway released a free mixtape, titled "The Signature Mixtape", to coincide with the album's release.
During the production of the album, Sway was affected by the deaths of close friends and family, to whom he dedicated the album to and mentioned in several tracks including "Pray 4 Kaya" which is dedicated Kaya Bousquet who died in early 2008.
The first single release from the album was "F Ur X", featuring $tush. The video for the song was released in May 2008. The music video features actors from "Kidulthood" and "Adulthood" and also includes Ashley Walters, Bashy and also Chipmunk. The second single was "Saturday Night Hustle", featuring soul singer Lemar. The third single was "Silver & Gold" featuring Akon which peaked at 67. A video was made for the single which features a cameo appearance from the footballer El Hadj Diouf.
"The Signature LP" reached number 51 in the charts in the week after release.
Production.
Production of tracks for the album commenced in 2006 upon the release of "This Is My Demo". Like his debut album, many of the tracks were produced by Sway himself as part of his DCypha Productions group. Sway was the executive producer with the co-executive producers being DJ Turkish, Bommer, Cheifer, Stowne and Daniel Goldberg. It was mastered by Naweed at Whitfield Mastering London. The album cover art and booklet was designed by Barrie Bee using photography from Alex Lake.
"Fit 4 A King" was produced and written by Sway with additional production and drum programming by Raptor for DCypha. It featured the London Studio Orchestra who performed at the Angel Studios for the track. The track featured additional vocals from Kadija Kamara, Tijani Aminu, Paul Cellantas and Kevin Tuffy who were all recorded at Soho Recording Studios. These were mixed by Guy Katsav at the Gaffe Studios. "Say It Twice" was written by Sway and produced by DJ Turkish at Soho Recording Studios. "Saturday Night Hustle" involved the vocals of Lemar, who was recorded at Olympic Recording Studios, and Sewuese, who was recorded at Soho Recording Studios, as well as Sway, who was recorded at Apollo 440's Apollo Control Studios by Ashley Krajewski. The track, produced by Shux, was an adaptation of "Saturday Love" by Alexander O'Neal and Cherrelle. This was also mixed Guy Katsav. "Silver & Gold" was produced by Sway, Akon and Giorgio Tuinfort, and mixed by Mark Goodchild on Akon's tour bus. "F UR X" was produced by Sway and Youngster of DDSS Productions and mixed at The Gaffe Studios by DJ Turkish and Guy Katsav. "Jason Waste" was produced by Sway and featured the vocals of Ellen King. It was recorded and mixed by Joe Fields and Ashley Krajewski at Soho Recording Studios and Apollo Control Studios, respectively. "Look After My Girl" was produced by both Sway and Emile with mixing done by Guy Katsav and DJ Turkish at The Gaffe Studios. "Pray 4 Kaya" was produced by Sway along with Akon and Giorgio Tuinfort. The vocals were recorded at Soho Recording Studios whilst additional mixing and recording was done at Cruise Control Studios in Amsterdam. "Walk Away" was produced by Sway and DCypha member Silverstone. All instruments were performed by Silverstone who also provided the additional vocals for the track along with Father Noah and Anis Halloway. "Upload" was produced by Terror Danjah, who produced "Download" off "This Is My Demo", and Scratcha DVA. The track was mixed by Sway and Guy Katsav at the Soho Recording Studios. "Stereo" was produced by both Sway and Chops at the Soho Recording Studios. "Letters To Heaven" was produced mainly by The Nextmen with additional arrangement by Sway. The track features the vocals of Leo and Puffy, partly to whom the song is dedicated due to his death prior to the completion of the song. The instruments on the track were performed by The Nextmen and the London Studio Orchestra at the Angel Studios. "End Of The Road" was written by Sway with Marie Pelisser and Coco and produced by Louis Gibzen. It was mixed by Guy Katsav at The Gaffe Studios. "Special Place" was produced by Sway with additional mixing by Guy Katsav. The keys were performed by Jason Silver, bass guitar by Amadu Koroma, electric guitar by Adam Sosner, percussion by Juba, saxophone by Yolonda Brown and orchestra strings by the London Studio Orchestra. "Taxi" was a bonus track produced by Sway and Guy Katsav at The Gaffe Studios. It features the vocals of Christina Taylor. "My Kind Of Girl" was produced by Sway and mixed by Guy Katsav. Further work was done by Joe Fields and Kevin Tuffy at the Soho Recording Studios.

</doc>
<doc id="18392327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392327" title="Kaizu Station">
Kaizu Station

History.
Kaizu Station was opened on March 1, 1985.
Layout.
Kaizu Station has a single side platform serving bidirectional traffic.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Aichi Loop Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18392338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392338" title="Homi Station">
Homi Station

History.
Kaizu Station was opened on January 1, 1988 with the opening of the Aichi Loop Railway Company. A new station building was completed in 2009.
Layout.
Homi Station has a two opposed side platforms. The tracks are elevated with the station building underneath the platforms.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Aichi Loop Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18392341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392341" title="Sanchong Station">
Sanchong Station

The Taipei Metro Sanchong Station is a station on the Xinzhuang Line located in Sanchong District, New Taipei, Taiwan. The station opened for service on January 5, 2012. It is a planned transfer station with the Taoyuan Airport MRT.
Station overview.
This two-level, underground station has an island platform. It is located beneath Jieyun Rd., Lane 3 and Shuhong East Rd, near the Erchong flood diversion channel. It was scheduled to open in March 2012 along with most of the Xinzhuang Line, but opened for service earlier on January 5, 2012.
It will be a transfer station with the Taoyuan Airport MRT, which will be a four-level, elevated station with an island platform.
Construction.
Excavation depth for this station is . It is in length and wide. It has three entrances, one accessibility elevator, and three vent shafts. Two of the entrances are located next to a joint development lot. An plot of land beside the station is being set aside for joint development projects. The entrance features a double arch-shaped glass roof. 
Design.
The station design is based on a theme of "Waterfront Green Land" with walls and floors inlaid with various materials to form patterns (such as rushing water).

</doc>
<doc id="18392352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392352" title="Xianse Temple Station">
Xianse Temple Station

The Taipei Metro Xianse Temple Station is a station on the Xinzhuang Line located in Sanchong District, New Taipei, Taiwan. The station opened for service on January 5, 2012.
Station overview.
This two-level, underground station has an island platform. It is located beneath the intersection of Zhongxin Rd., Sec. 5 and Guangfu Rd., Sec. 1. It was scheduled to open in March 2012 along with most of the Xinzhuang Line, but opened for service earlier on January 5, 2012.
Construction.
Excavation depth for this station is . It is in length and wide. The platform is be long. It has three entrances, one accessibility elevator, and two vent shafts. One of the entrances is integrated with a joint development building.
Design.
The theme for the station is "Steel Industry on the Sandbank" and includes features such as a perforated steel frame station entrance. The roof is separated into two parts and a glass curtain wall which helps with lighting at night.

</doc>
<doc id="18392356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392356" title="Sasabara Station">
Sasabara Station

History.
Sasabara Station was opened on January 1, 1988 with the opening of the Aichi Loop Railway Company. 
Layout.
Sasabara Station has a two opposed side platforms, built on an embankment.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Aichi Loop Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18392370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392370" title="Tân Sở">
Tân Sở

Tân Sở citadel was a secret military base in central Vietnam that was built in the 1880s. It was built up by Tôn Thất Thuyết, the regent of the Nguyễn Dynasty, in preparation for an uprising against French colonialism.

</doc>
<doc id="18392375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392375" title="Yamaguchi Station (Aichi)">
Yamaguchi Station (Aichi)

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Aichi Loop Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18392383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392383" title="Cailiao Station">
Cailiao Station

The Taipei Metro Cailiao Station is a station on the Xinzhuang Line located in Sanchong District, New Taipei, Taiwan. The station is opened for service on January 5, 2012.
Station overview.
This two-level, underground station has an island platform. It is located beneath Chongxin Rd, Sec. 3 between Guangming Rd. and Renhua St. It was scheduled to open in March 2012 along with most of the Xinzhuang Line, but opened for service earlier on January 5, 2012.
Construction.
Excavation depth for this station was . It is in length and wide. It has three entrances, one accessibility elevator, and two vent shafts. One of the entrances is integrated with a joint development building.
Design.
The theme for the station focuses on the simplicity, neatness, and order of a modern city. Glass, aluminum, and enamel are used in the roofs, ceilings, pillars, and walls.

</doc>
<doc id="18392387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392387" title="Setoguchi Station">
Setoguchi Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Aichi Loop Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18392395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392395" title="Setoshi Station">
Setoshi Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Aichi Loop Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18392397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392397" title="Học phi Nguyễn Thị Hương">
Học phi Nguyễn Thị Hương

Học phi Nguyễn Thị Hương was a wife of Emperor Tự Đức of the Nguyễn Dynasty of Vietnam. She is best known for her involvement in palace intrigues. She had an affair with Nguyễn Văn Tường, a regent that Tự Đức had appointed to guide his successors. She and Tường were caught together by Emperor Kiến Phúc, who vowed to kill them. On that same night, Học Phi slipped poison into Kiến Phúc's medicine, resulting in the emperor's death.

</doc>
<doc id="18392398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392398" title="Oswald Cheung">
Oswald Cheung

Sir Oswald Victor Cheung, CBE, QC, SC, JP (張奧偉爵士) (1922－2003) was an eminent barrister in Hong Kong，known as the "doyen of the bar".
"Ossie" was the first ethnic Chinese to become a Queen's Counsel in colonial Hong Kong, and the first Chinese chairman of the Royal Hong Kong Jockey Club. Cheung was a mentor to a number of eminent lawyers, including Audrey Eu and Margaret Ng.
Biography.
Born in Hong Kong in 1922, Cheung was brought up in the territory, and was educated at the Diocesan Boys' School, where he graduated in 1938. Not quite 16 years old at the time, he entered university. From 1938 to 1941, he read natural sciences at the University of Hong Kong, and received a degree in mathematics and chemistry upon his graduation. During the Pacific war, his family moved first to Macao, and then to China. He aided the British intelligence effort over the Japanese. He moved to Calcutta in 1945, and in 1947, after the war ended, he received a scholarship to study a Master's in Law at University College, Oxford. Upon graduation, he was admitted to Lincoln's Inn.
Cheung was called to the Bar of England by the Inn in 1951 and was appointed Queen's Counsel in 1965. He served as the Hon Secretary of the Hong Kong Bar Association in 1952 and rose to become Chairman in 1966, gaining life membership of the Association in 1996.
Cheung also had a long record of public service during the war years. He served on numerous Government Boards and Committees. Professionally, he was member of the Supreme Court Rules Committee (1960-1970), chairman of the Criminal Injuries Compensation Board and the Law Enforcement Injuries Compensation Board. Non-government roles included member of the Hong Kong Policy Committee on the Christian Children’s Fund (1960-1964). He was active on behalf of the Children’s Meals Society, the Police Children’s Education Trust, the Po Leung Kuk and the Sir David Trench Recreation Fund Investment Advisory Committee.
For the government, he became a member of the Traffic Advisory Committee, the Economic Review Committee and the Fifth Marketing Advisory Board, the Fisheries Development Loan Fund Advisory Committee and director and panel member of the review board of the Inland Revenue.
Cheung also served as a member of the Universities & Polytechnic Grants Committee. He was a member of the Legislative Council from 1970 to 1981 and the Executive Council from 1974 to 1986. He was bestowed with an OBE in 1972, and knighted in 1987.
Personal.
An avid cigar aficionado, Cheung received burns when his silk pyjamas caught fire as he attempted to light a cigar. He died of complications on 10 December 2003.
Honours.
Knight Bachelor：1987

</doc>
<doc id="18392404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392404" title="Nakamizuno Station">
Nakamizuno Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Aichi Loop Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18392405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392405" title="İbrahim Özdemir">
İbrahim Özdemir

İbrahim Özdemir (born January 1, 1960), author of "The Ethical Dimension of Human Attitude Towards Nature" (1997) and co-editor of "Globalization, Ethics and Islam" (2005), is a environmentalist and professor of philosophy and ecology and religion at Ankara University, Turkey, and Director General of the Department of Foreign Affairs, the Ministry of National Education, Turkey.
Early life.
Özdemir was born on January 1, 1960 in İslahiye, Gaziantep Province, Turkey. His father, Mustafa, was a farmer and illiterate man. His mother, Ayşe, was a housewife. He grew up in İslahiye and Mardin, where he attended a state boarding school (1974-78).
Education.
In 1980 he entered Divinity School of Ankara University, where he studied Islamic Philosophy, Theology, Intellectual History, and graduated in 1985. He started graduate studies at METU (Middle East Technical University), Department of Philosophy, Ankara. He studied for eleven years at METU to complete his studies. He studied with Teo Grünberg, Ahmet İnam, Alparslan Açıkgenç, Yasin Ceylan, Akın Ergüden, and Cemil Akdoğan. During his studies he had to worked as a consultant to the Prime Ministry’s General Directorate of State Archives, (1987-1992). 
He received his Ph.D. from METU in 1996. He presented his major paper, “Towards An Understanding Of Environmental Ethic From A Qur’anic Perspective”, to an International Conference on “Islam and Ecology” at Harvard University and later published as a chapter in "Islam and Ecology", (Cambridge: Harvard Pres, 2003). 
He has traveled widely in the Muslim world and the West. He was visiting professor of Islamic Studies at Hartford University and Hartford Seminary. He lectured with Mary E. Tucker, at a seminar on Religion and Ecology at Gadjah Mada University, Jogyakarta, Indonesia, August 9-16, 2005. 
He gives many public lectures and workshops in Turkey, Europe, the United States and other countries. His father died in 1988, and his mother died in 2009. He addresses different audiences about topics related to the philosophy of religion, world religions, environmental philosophy, sustainable development, religion and the environment, interreligious and intercultural dialogue and education.
Ideas.
Özdemir is known for his studies in environmental philosophy in general and Islamic environmentalism in particular. After finishing his dissertation, The Ethical Dimension of Human Attitude Towards Nature (1997), he focused on Religion and Ecology. He founded an elective course on Religion and Ecology at Ankara University, which was later accepted by many universities in Turkey. He presented papers on this topic and participated panel discussions and workshops at home and abroad. Discovering and understanding the meaning of biodiversity for a sustainable ecology, he comes to understand and appreciate the full implication of cultural diversity for a sustainable human society. Then, he began to study Rumis’s work, the greatest Muslim poet and sufi of 13th century. 
Rumî’s philosophy and ideas have made a profound impact on his perception of nature. For Rumî, a force—a secret energy—lies beneath the spiritual and material world, informing the invisible, progressive change in the universe (humanity included). This force is love, and it originates in God and moves towards God. The meaning of this understanding is clear for an environmentalist: Everything in the universe is interdependent and interconnected; everything’s well being is dependent on everything else.
In his first major work, The Ethical Dimension of Human Attitude Towards Nature, Özdemir suggested that there is a philosophical and ethical dimension to environmental problems. While the technological, scientific and other relevant dimensions of the problem are acknowledged, the main emphasis is given to the ethical dimension of the issue at hand. In addition, it is also argued that there is a direct and strong relationship between environmental problems and our understanding of nature. In other words, our treatment of and attitude towards natural objects mostly depend on how we understand and conceptualize the natural world as such. 
One of his major articles “The Development of Environmental Consciousness in Modern Turkey”, was published in "Environmentalism in Muslim World", (ed. Richard Foltz, New York: Nova, 2005). He also contributed with three etnries, “The Prophet Muhammad”, “Rumi”, and “Said Nursi” to in Encyclopedia of Religion and Nature, ed. Bron Taylor and Jeffrey Kaplan (New York: Continuum, 2003).
His other works mainly were in Turkish and primarily focused on environmental and cultural studies. After working at the Ministry of National Education as Director General, he also interested in education in a comprehensive way and represented the Ministry at International Conferences held by UNESCO, Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD), Council of Europe, European Union, etc.
Özdemir is the founder President of Society for Intercultural Research and Friendship, (1995).
Books.
»Globalization, Ethics and Islam, editors: Ian Markham and Ibrahim Ozdemir, Aldershot: Ashgate. 2005 
»The Ethical Dimension of Human Attitude Towards Nature, Ministry of Environment, Ankara, 1997. (Out of Print)
»Environment and Religion (Çevre ve Din), Ministry of Environment, Ankara, 1997.
»Environmental Problems and Islam(Çevre Sorunları ve İslam), DIB Yay, Ankara, 1995. (with Munir Yukselmis).
» Lonely Planet: Essays on Environmental Ethics and Philosophy, (Yalnız Gezegen) Kaynak, Istanbul, 2001.
»Postmodern Thoughts (Postmodern Düşünceler), Kaynak Yayınları, Istanbul, 2001.
Articles.
»“Towards An Understanding Of Environmental Ethic From A Qur’anic Perspective”, ed. Richard Foltz (Harvard University Press, 2003), pp. 1-37.. PDF
»“The Development of Environmental Consciousness in Modern Turkey”, Environmentalism in Muslim World, ed. Richard Foltz, New York: Nova, 2005, pp. 17-36.
»“Science and Environment: Is Science Responsible for the Environmental Crisis?” The Journal of the Environment and Social Sciences, vol.1, no. 1-2, 1996. PDF
»“The Concept of Islamic Tradition in Fazlu Rahman’s Thought”, The American Journal of Social Sciences, vol. 9, no. 2, Summer 1992. PDF
»“Cevre-Ahlak Iliskisi”, (Environment and Ethics). Felsefe Dunyası, Kıs sayı: 14, 1994.
»"Islam Felsefesinin Gunumuzdeki Sorunlari". (The Problems of Contemporary Islamic Philosophy) Gunumuz Din Bilimleri Arastirmalari Sempozyumu. Samsun, 1989.
»"Postmodern Baglamda Bilim Din Iliskisi", (Religion and Science in the Postmodern Context) Kopru, No:53, Kis 1996.
»“Islam and the Environment”, Bridge (a forum on Christian-Muslim Relations), September 1998, New York. PDF
»“Çevre Hukukunun Antropocentik Karakteri” I. Ulusal Çevre Hukuku Kongresine sunulan tebliğ, 23 Kasım 1996, Ankara. PDF
»“Demokratik Eğtimi Üzerine”, (Internalizing Democratic Education), Paper presented to a Panel on Towards A Democratic Education, Nov., 11, 2000, Ankara. PDF
»Doğayı “evimiz” Olarak Algılamak: Neo-Konfüçyüsçülüğün Çevre Etiği Üzerine ODTU 1. Ulusal Uygulamalı Etik Kongresi 12-13 Kasım, 2001 PDF
»A.D. Knysh, Ibn'Arabi in the Later Islamic Tradition, (New York: State University of New York Press, 1999. the Muslim World, 2003.
»Intellectual Traditions in Islam, ed. Farhad Daftary, (London-New York: I.B. Tauris Publishers, 2001. xvii plus 252 pp. Forthcoming, the Muslim World, 2003. PDF
»The Problem of Evil: Ibn Sina's Theodicy, (Binghamton, N.Y.: Global Publications, 2000). ix plus 215 pp. the Muslim World, 2003. PDF
»“The Development of Environmental Consciousness in Modern Turkey”, Environmentalism in Muslim World, ed. Richard Foltz, New York: Nova, 2005. PDF
»"Religious Education in Turkey”, 22 Temmuz-2 Ağustos tarihlerinde ODTU Felsefe Bölümü-Hollanda Eğitim Bakanlığınca, Hollandalı Öğretmenler için Düzenlenen Seminere Sunulan Tebliğ.
»“Osmanlı Toplumunda Çevre Anlayışı” Türkler, edt. H.C. Güzel-K. Çiçek, Ankara: Yeni Turkiye Yayınları, c. 10. PDF

</doc>
<doc id="18392408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392408" title="German Mine Sweeping Administration">
German Mine Sweeping Administration

The German Mine Sweeping Administration (GMSA) was formed from former crews and vessels of the Nazi German "Kriegsmarine" for the purpose of mine sweeping after the Second World War, predominantly in the North Sea and Baltic Sea, and existed from June 1945 to January 1948.
History.
The GMSA was formed on 21 June 1945 under allied supervision, specifically that of the Royal Navy, to clear naval mines in the North Sea and Baltic. It was made up of 27,000 former members of the "Kriegsmarine" on nearly 300 vessels. 
The allied command was well aware of the problem caused for commercial shipping by the over 600,000 naval mines laid in the seas of Western, Northern and Eastern Europe and had asked that the German mine sweeping formations not be dismissed after the surrender in May 1945. For this reason, Vice Admiral Sir Harold Burrough, British Naval Commander-in-Chief, Germany, undersigned the instruction for the GMSA in June 1945. The British Admiralty preferred to risk German sailors rather than their own to do the dangerous work. The GMSA was originally under the command of Commodore H.T. England; below him, as the highest ranking German officer, was Konteradmiral Fritz Krauss, who had been in charge of mine sweeping operations during the war.
The German sailors initially served in their Second World War uniforms, with the German Eagle and the Swastika removed, and under the same rules and regulations as were valid in the "Kriegsmarine". The sailors were paid a moderate wage and had the right to take local leave, unlike other German POW's, but service was not voluntary. Still, the daily, dangerous operations and the resulting high esprit de corps lead to increasing uneasiness about the GMSA, especially among the Soviet Union.
The service was sub-divided into six mine sweeping divisions (German: "Räumbootdivisionen"). The German headquarters of the service were located in Glückstadt.
On 25 May 1946, the GMSA was equipped with new blue work uniforms and special rank insignia, worn on the sleeve.
The headquarters of the GMSA were moved to Hamburg in December 1947 and disbanded in January 1948, despite US objections. The reason for its disbanding was primarily pressure from the Soviet Union who feared the GMSA was an attempt by the western allies to re-form the German "Kriegsmarine", something the Royal Navy bitterly opposed themselves. The "Reichsmarine" had used mine sweeping operations after the First World War to preserve a talent pool of officers and the Royal Navy wanted to avoid a repeat of this experience.
The "German mine sweeping formation Cuxhaven", a civilian organisation, replaced the GMSA, still under British control and using equipment and personnel of the previous organisation.
One of the few large surface ships of the "Kriegsmarine" to survive the war, the light cruiser "Leipzig", in fairly bad condition, served as an accommodation hulk for the GMSA.
Divisions.
The GMSA was sub-divided into six regional divisions of varying strength:
Ships.
As of early 1947, the service consisted of the following ships and vessels:

</doc>
<doc id="18392410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392410" title="Taipei Bridge Station">
Taipei Bridge Station

The Taipei Metro Taipei Bridge Station is a station on the Xinzhuang Line located in Sanchong District, New Taipei, Taiwan, two blocks from the approach to Taipei Bridge for which the station is named. The station opened for service on January 5, 2012.
Station overview.
This six-level, underground station has two, stacked side platforms. It is located beneath Chongxin Rd., Sec. 1 between Wenhua North and South Rd. and Zhongyang North and South Rd. It was originally scheduled to open in March 2012 along with most of the Xinzhuang Line, but opened for service earlier on January 5, 2012.
Construction.
Excavation depth for this station was . It is in length and meters wide. The station has one entrance, one accessibility elevator, and two vent shafts. Two emergency exits are integrated with a joint development building. Public art is featured on the walls of the main entrance.
Design.
The station is based on a theme of "Sunset-bathed Iron Bridge" (referring to Taipei Bridge), with images of the Tamsui River, Guanyin Mountain, and a "bazaar culture".

</doc>
<doc id="18392412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392412" title="1981 RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards">
1981 RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards

The 1981 RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards (Chinese: 1981年度十大中文金曲得獎) was held in 1981 for the 1980 music season. 
Top 10 song awards.
The top 10 songs (十大中文金曲) of 1981 are as follows.

</doc>
<doc id="18392416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392416" title="Tong Duy Tan">
Tong Duy Tan

Tống Duy Tân was a Vietnamese revolutionary who led insurgent armies in Thanh Hóa Province of northern Vietnam as part of the Can Vuong movement that sought to install the boy Emperor Hàm Nghi as the leader of an independent Vietnam. He was captured in 1892 by the French colonial forces and executed.

</doc>
<doc id="18392428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392428" title="Daqiaotou Station">
Daqiaotou Station

The Taipei Metro Daqiaotou Station () is a station on the Xinzhuang Line located in Datong District, Taipei, Taiwan. It is the last station before the Luzhou Line diverges from the Xinzhuang Line. It is a planned terminus for the Shezi Light Rail Line.
Station overview.
This four-level, underground station has an island platform. It is located beneath the intersection of Minquan West Rd., Chongqing South Rd., and the south side of Daqiao Elementary School Stadium. It opened for service on November 3, 2010 with the opening of the Luzhou Branch Line and the Taipei City section of the Xinzhuang Line.
History.
Originally, plans for the Xinzhuang Line did not include a station in the Daqiaotou (大橋頭) area. However, as part of the city government's urban renewal policy, the area around the station was zoned for redevelopment and revitalization. Thus, in October 2007, it was announced that a new station would be added - Daqiao Elementary School Station. Shortly before the opening of the line, the station name was changed to Daqiaotou Station to reflect the station's historical significance.
Design.
The station has a light roof, glass curtain walls, and an arc ceiling. Interior station design is themed "Tales of an Important Bridge" (referring to Taipei Bridge) and features the Tamsui River, Dihua Street marketplace, and historic Daqiao Elementary School.
Construction.
Excavation depth for this station is 32 meters deep. It is 158 meters in length and 19.85 meters wide. It has three entrances, one accessibility elevator, and two vent shafts. The entrances connect with existing pedestrian underpasses and two joint development buildings.
During construction, an 85-year old red arched gate was temporarily removed. A swimming pool and students' play facilities were also demolished for station construction. The historic gate has since been moved back to its original position, and new swimming and play facilities have been constructed.

</doc>
<doc id="18392432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392432" title="Kōzōji Station">
Kōzōji Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Aichi Loop Railway
!colspan=5|JR Central

</doc>
<doc id="18392438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392438" title="Chase Tower (El Paso)">
Chase Tower (El Paso)

Chase Tower is an office building located in El Paso, Texas, United States.
Chase Tower.
The Chase is located at 201 East Main Drive in El Paso. It is a very prominent part of the El Paso skyline and is most visible heading eastbound on I-10. It is the second tallest skyscraper in El Paso behind Wells Fargo Plaza. Currently, the building serves as an office for multiple law firms and businesses as well as bank services.
Originally named the El Paso National Bank tower, it was also known as the Texas Commerce Bank Tower in the 1980s and 1990s.

</doc>
<doc id="18392477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392477" title="Pleistodontes deuterus">
Pleistodontes deuterus

Pleistodontes deuterus is a species of fig wasp which is native to Australia. It has an obligate mutualism with "Ficus pleurocarpa", the fig species it pollinates.

</doc>
<doc id="18392498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392498" title="List of series run in Comic Champ">
List of series run in Comic Champ

Comic Champ is a comics anthology magazine published by Daiwon C.I. in South Korea. Below is a list of all titles serialized in the magazine and released under its book imprint, "Champ Comics." Titles are separated into domestic publications and translated works licensed from foreign publishing companies.
Domestic titles.
1990s.
"Comic Champ" began in 1991 as "Boy Champ" (소년챔프) to complete with the already successful "IQ Jump" by Seoul Manhwasa. "Comic Champ" debuted with many popular manhwa series like "Pagumki", about an emperor who gets his hands on a beyond powerful sword, and "Rebirth" about a man named Sang-Ho Do who ran a group of spiritual investigators.
2000's.
"Boy Champ" correctly changed its name to "Comic Champ" and had even more popular series that had their licence in the United States by Tokyopop.
Licensed titles.
As well as there is manhwa in "Comic Champ", it also has several manga. Most series come from the Shōnen manga magazines "Weekly Shōnen Jump" and "Weekly Shōnen Sunday", and even two series from the Seinen (adult) magazine "Ultra Jump".

</doc>
<doc id="18392502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392502" title="Guy Coheleach">
Guy Coheleach

Guy Coheleach is an American wildlife artist.
Visiting Heads of State have received his American Eagle print, and he was the first Western artist to exhibit in Peking after World War II. Coheleach became a charter member of The World Wildlife Fund's "The 1001: A Nature Trust" in 1972. His endowment at the University of Tennessee provides about six full scholarships to the School of Wildlife Management each year.
Coheleach (pronounced Ko-lee-ak) was born in New York City in 1933. He grew up on Long Island and went to Bishop Loughlin High School in Brooklyn, N.Y. He served in the Korean War as the S-2 for the 65th Combat Engineers attached to the 25th Infantry Division. He then attended and graduated from Cooper Union School of Art in 1956. . He received an Honorary Doctorate in Humanities from William and Mary.
His first trip to Africa was accomplished as a result of winning his division in the 1966 Winchester National Trap and Skeet Championship and he has returned to Africa between one and five times a year since then.
Not content with skydiving and hunting Cape buffalo, Coheleach took his need for field experience to the extreme. In 1972 he was run down by an elephant in Zambia. This hair-raising film was seen on all three major networks at the time. "This is exactly the kind of knowledge that has made him one of the best wild animal painters in the world admired by both scientists and art critics,: says Pat Robertson in "Sporting Classics".
PBS featured him and his work in Africa entitled "Journeys of an Artist". He was also the subject of two films: "Guy Coheleach and the Bald Eagle" and "Quest: An Artist and His Prey". In addition, he has been the focus of articles in "Reader's Digest", "Saturday Evening Post", "National Wildlife Magazine", and "Audubon", as well as many other numerous regional art and wildlife magazines. 
His paintings have received the Society of Animal Artists' Award of Excellence an extraordinary eight times, and he was awarded the prestigious Master Artist Medal from the Leigh Yawkey Woodson Art Museum in 1983. In 2012 he received a Lifetime Achievement Award from the Society of Animal Artists.
"The Big Cats: The Paintings of Guy Coheleach" by Abrams was a Book of the Month Club selection in 1982. Both it and his "Coheleach: Master of the Wild" are out of print. "Guy Coheleach's Animal Art" by DDR Publishing is still available. His highly acclaimed book "The African Lion as Man-Eater" was published in 2004. Coheleach's text in this book is embellished by over 100 of his paintings.

</doc>
<doc id="18392504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392504" title="By the Time This Night Is Over">
By the Time This Night Is Over

"By the Time This Night Is Over" is a song by Kenny G, featuring Peabo Bryson, released as a single from his album "Breathless", in 1993. The song peaked at #25 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart during the summer of 1993, spending seven weeks in the Top 40. On the R&B chart, the song reached #37. On the adult contemporary chart, "By the Time This Night Is Over" spent two weeks at #1, becoming the third chart-topper on this chart for both men. Kenny G's two previous #1 singles on the adult contemporary chart were "Missing You Now" (credited to Michael Bolton featuring Kenny G) and "Forever in Love", while Bryson's previous #1s were "If Ever You're in My Arms Again" and "A Whole New World", a duet with Regina Belle that was the theme for the 1992 Disney film "Aladdin".

</doc>
<doc id="18392505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392505" title="Pleistodontes regalis">
Pleistodontes regalis

Pleistodontes regalis is a species of fig wasp which is native to Australia. It has an obligate mutualism with "Ficus pleurocarpa", the fig species it pollinates.

</doc>
<doc id="18392518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392518" title="Corey Surrency">
Corey Surrency

Corey Surrency (born December 22, 1984) is an American football wide receiver for the Sioux Falls Storm of the Indoor Football League (IFL). He played junior college football with El Camino College in which he had 30 receptions for over 670 yards in 2007. He committed to FSU after decommiting from Colorado. 
Early years.
Surrency grew up in Miami; he dropped out of high school in 9th grade and had trouble with the law, including 90 days in jail for various offenses, including felonies. He decided to return to school and obtained his high school diploma.
Florida State Career.
Surrency arrived at FSU in early July 2008, later than other recruits due to the death of his mother and the completion of his AA. Surrency expected to put up 1,000 yards and 8 or 9 touchdowns and break the "curse" on the #1 jersey at FSU.
Surrency caused controversy thanks to a little-known NCAA rule entitled "Participation After 21st Birthday". The rule states that if an individual participates in an organized sport after his 21st birthday, but before enrolling in college, that participation "shall count as one year of varsity competition in that sport." Surrency, who is 24, had played two seasons with a semi-professional team after he left junior college. If he loses his appeal, Surrency would lose a year of eligibility. Surrency was unsuccessful in his appeal.

</doc>
<doc id="18392522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392522" title="Pleistodontes nitens">
Pleistodontes nitens

Pleistodontes nitens is a species of fig wasp which is native to Australia. It has an obligate mutualism with "Ficus crassipes", the fig species it pollinates.

</doc>
<doc id="18392528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392528" title="The Last Hope">
The Last Hope

The Last Hope may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18392552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392552" title="Acanthomintha lanceolata">
Acanthomintha lanceolata

Acanthomintha lanceolata is a species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common name Santa Clara thornmint. It is endemic to California, where it is known from several counties surrounding and south of the San Francisco Bay Area. It is an uncommon resident of rocky habitat in coastal and inland mountain ranges. 
This is a small, hairy annual herb growing to about 30 centimeters in maximum height. It is coated in glandular hairs and it has an unpleasant scent. The oval-shaped, toothed leaves are 1 to 2 centimeters long and have spiny, glandular surfaces.
The inflorescence includes bracts armed with centimeter-long spines and glandular, hairy white to pink-tinted flowers up to 2.5 centimeters long. Each flower has lobed, hooded upper and lower lips forming a deep cup.
Typical habitat type is shale or serpentine scree.

</doc>
<doc id="18392553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392553" title="Forever in Love (instrumental)">
Forever in Love (instrumental)

"Forever in Love" is the title of an instrumental song by saxophone player Kenny G that was released as a single in 1993. The song appears on Kenny G's album "Breathless", and he both wrote and produced the song. It peaked on the Billboard Hot 100 chart at #18 and spent two weeks at #1 on the adult contemporary chart. The song also reached #47 on the UK Singles Chart. In addition, the song won a Grammy Award for Best Instrumental Composition at the 1994 ceremony. Along with "Songbird", "Forever in Love" is one of Kenny G's most popular and recognizable instrumental recordings.

</doc>
<doc id="18392564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392564" title="Reverse freedom rides">
Reverse freedom rides

Reverse freedom rides were attempts in 1962 by Southern segregationists to send African Americans from cities such as New Orleans to New York City, Chicago, and Cleveland by bus. They were given free bus tickets, and were told that there were high paying jobs waiting for them. They were given promissory notes that were worthless when they arrived. Some of those arriving were able to find work. 
Example.
For example, in 1962 Louis and Dorothy Boyd were sent from New Orleans to New York City. They arrived at the Port Authority Bus Terminal in New York City after a forty-three hour ride with their eight children. There was no job waiting for them, and the check they were given was valueless. Boyd was hired by Harvey Jerome Brudner.

</doc>
<doc id="18392567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392567" title="Brothers Grimm (album)">
Brothers Grimm (album)

Brothers Grimm is the third album from Western Australian hip hop artist, Drapht. It was released in May 2008 through Australian Hip Hop label, Obese Records. The album features contributions by Dazastah (Downsyde), Ciecmate (Hospice Crew), Trials & Porsah Laine.
The album debuted at No. 64 on the ARIA Album charts, reached No. 9 on the V Energy AIR (Association of Independent Record Labels) Charts and No. 10 on the ARIA (Australian Recording Industry Association) Top 40 Urban Album charts.
The first single from the album, "Jimmy Recard" has received airplay on radio stations across Australia. In an interview with Triple J, Drapht explained how he came up with the name.I was thinking of successful names so I jumped on the net and actually googled successful names and came up with James and Recard. So I changed James to Jimmy and used Recard as the last name. I think a name does a lot for a character and where you go in life. And it was a positive track on the record because a lot of my stuff kind of feeds from negative ideas.
"Jimmy Recard" and "Falling" both appeared in Triple J's Hottest 100 for 2008 at No. 10 and No. 77 respectively. The song "Don't Wanna Work" appeared in the SBS comedy series "Swift and Shift Couriers".

</doc>
<doc id="18392569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392569" title="1982 RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards">
1982 RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards

The 1982 RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards (Chinese: 1982年度十大中文金曲得獎) was held in 1982 for the 1981 music season. 
Top 10 song awards.
The top 10 songs (十大中文金曲) of 1982 are as follows.

</doc>
<doc id="18392570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392570" title="Afshin Chavoshi">
Afshin Chavoshi

Seyyed Reza "Afshin" Chavoshi (born on 17 September 1984, Rasht) is an Iranian football player of Aluminium Hormozgan. He plays as a Striker.
Club career.
In 2001 he was called up to Esteghlal Rasht from the youth team by Nasser Hejazi when he was 17 years old. Chavoshi scored his first goal in Iran Pro League in 2-0 win over Aboomoslem in the same season. The following season relegating to Azadegan League and dissolution of Esteghlal Rasht he played next season in a new team Pegah. He was transferred to Malavan in 2003-2004 season because of army services but didn't play a single game due injury. He returned to Pegah in 2004 and continued his career with this team until October 2008 when Pegah was sold to Damash Iranian (Damash Mineral Water Company) due financial problems and Chavohsi playd in a new team Damash Gilan in 2009-2010 season. He had very good time with Damash In 2009-10 season he scored 15 goals and became the 4th best goal-scorer of the league but Despite having a good season and score many goals,Damash was relegated to first division and Chavoshi was transferd to Steel Azin. After playing one season at Steel Azin he moved back to Damash in 2010 and help the team to promote back to Iran Pro League he also became top goal scorer of season.
Famous match.
On April 11, 2008 he played one of his memorial matches for Pegah against Esteghlal Tehran in Azadi Stadium which he scored and assist twice. Pegah was able to beat Esteghlal 4 to 1 and this is one of the worst lost in Esteghlal's club history.
Aluminium Hormozgan.
On last days of December 2013 he made a 3 months deal with Aluminium until end of 2013–14 Azadegan League.
International career.
In 2005 he was called up for Iran national under-23 football team.
References.
Iran Pro League Stats

</doc>
<doc id="18392600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392600" title="Along Came a Spider (disambiguation)">
Along Came a Spider (disambiguation)

Along Came A Spider can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18392613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392613" title="Buffalo treehopper">
Buffalo treehopper

The buffalo treehopper (Stictocephala bisonia) is a species of treehopper native to North America. It is also sometimes classified as "Ceresa bisonia".
Appearance.
Buffalo treehoppers are a bright green color and have a somewhat triangular shape that helps camouflage them so as to resemble thorns or a twiggy protuberance. It gets its name from the vague resemblance of its profile to that of an American bison. They grow to 6 to 8 millimeters (0.24 to 0.31 in) long and have transparent wings.
Life cycle.
"S. bisonia" mates during the summer months. Males attract females with a song that, unlike similar songs used by cicada and crickets, are outside the sonic range audible to humans. Females lay eggs from July to October using a blade-like ovipositor. Up to a dozen eggs are laid in each slit made by the female.
Nymphs emerge from the eggs the following May or June. The nymphs, which resemble wingless adults, but have a more spiny appearance, descend from the trees where they hatched to feed on grasses, weeds, and other nonwoody plants.
They molt several times in the following month and a half until they have reached adulthood. Then they return to the trees to continue their life cycle.
Feeding.
Both adult and immature buffalo treehoppers feed upon sap using specialized mouthparts suited for this purpose. Black locust, clover, elm, goldenrod, and willow are among their favorite food sources. It is also an occasional pest of fruit trees and is harmful to young orchard trees, especially apple trees. It has become an invasive species in some parts of Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="18392617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392617" title="Full Eclipse">
Full Eclipse

Full Eclipse is a 1993 science fiction crime film directed by Anthony Hickox. Starring Mario Van Peebles and Bruce Payne, the story is set in Los Angeles where the police department has assembled a unique squad of officers who possess the ability to turn into werewolves. The tagline of the film was: There's a new police force on the streets... and they only come out at night. 
Plot.
Max Dire is a Los Angeles detective who is feeling the strain that his profession entails when his wife of two years, Liza, accuses him of bringing his work home and leaves him to ponder her future, while his partner, Jim Sheldon, commits suicide by shooting himself in the head. Realising that Max is experiencing problems, Adam Garou, a high-ranking officer distinguished by his success in reducing crime in other big cities, invites Max to join him at a weekly meeting of other police officers who are experiencing difficulties at his apartment. Adam informs Max that he should try to solve his problems rather than quitting the force as he is a good detective.
Although Max is skeptical as to whether he will derive any benefit from the meeting, as he and his wife had already attended counselling sessions without success, he reluctantly attends the meeting at Garou's apartment where he meets other police officers who have experienced problems such as Casey Spencer and Ramon Perez. Everyone who Max meets at the meeting praises the impact that Garou's influence has had on their fortunes. Max soon realizes that the activities of the group consist not merely of talking but also entail embarking on vigilante missions to clean the streets of criminals.
Max advises Garou that he is not interested in joining the group, but he immediately forgets this and agrees to accompany them to a party where criminals are exchanging weapons. Before gatecrashing the party, Max, being a veteran detective, notices that each of the group members injects themselves with a strange chemical, which he learns has been produced by Garou. After they have injected this chemical, Max notes, thanks to his finely honed powers of observation, that Garou and his group are transformed becoming more powerful and seemingly impervious to injury. The next day Max attempts to advise his incredulous boss of the strange goings on, but to no avail.
He visits Casey Spencer who tries to persuade him to inject himself with the chemical. When he refuses, she shoots him. As Max lies dying on the floor gazing at her in a perplexed manner she injects him with the chemical and he is instantly healed. They sleep with one another and afterwards raid a criminal lair after injecting themselves. As Max and Casey kill and then intimidate the criminals' corpses, it is slightly noticeable that they grow plastic claws out of their hands, similar to a popular comic book hero, and their teeth become sharper and enlarged. One of the criminals escapes and informs his crime boss what he is up against. He is given instructions to deal with Garou. 
Garou learns of Casey's sexual encounter with Max and angrily advises her that he is 'top dog' before raping her. Afterwards Garou and his group, including Max, gather together for another night of attacking the criminals. After injecting themselves with Garou's chemical the officers enter a vehicle to depart on their journey. The vehicle explodes as the key is turned in the ignition. As the remnants of the vehicle burn, the criminal who had been instructed to kill Garou looks on with glee. This happiness is soon replaced by terror when he notices that all of the officers have survived and that they are in their monster-like state. In the next scene the dead bodies of the criminal and his associates are dropped from a helicopter through the glass ceiling of the crime boss' home.
The same night, Max meets in a holding cell an ex-police officer from a city where Garou used to work. The officer is deformed and speaks badly of Garou. He advises Max that Garou may have cleaned the streets of the other cities, but that all of the officers who had worked with him were killed (though he had escaped). He also explained that his deformity was caused by overuse of the chemical. Garou kills the officer to silence him and Max covers for him, but his suspicions are aroused and he begins to conduct some research into Garou.
After making a startling discovery, he sneaks into Garou's apartment and finds Garou extracting the chemical from his own brain. Max advises Garou that he realises that he is a werewolf. Conflict ensues and although Max and Casey escape from Garou's apartment, the latter is fatally injured. The next day Garou prepares to complete his final operation and Max resolves to stop him. After Garou has killed all of the criminals, including the aforementioned crime boss, Max shoots him with a silver bullet and Garou falls to the ground. Thinking that Garou is dead, Max turns away . Then suddenly, he hears Garou say 'Didn't you get my memo? A full eclipse protects me from everything; including silver'. A full eclipse had passed overhead as these events took place. As Max dreads to consider what will happen next, Garou asks him 'Wanna see something really scary?'. He then turns into an extremely large werewolf, losing his human form entirely. 
Max flees as the other members of Garou's group are killed. Garou tries to kill Max, but the latter injects Garou with a solution of silver nitrate. As the eclipse is over, this kills Garou. Before he dies Garou returns to his human form and tells Max that if he lies in his blood he can take his power. In the final scenes of the film, Max is shown to have moved to Denver with his wife Liza and their relationship seems to have improved. She is shown cutting her finger with a knife as she is chopping up food. Max licks her finger and then leaves to undertake some paperwork. She notices that her cut heals immediately and stares after Max bewildered. Meanwhile, Max is shown looking up on a computer the dates of coming eclipses in different American cities. These scenes reveal that he has inherited Garou's power.

</doc>
<doc id="18392642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392642" title="Missing You Now">
Missing You Now

"Missing You Now" is a song recorded by Michael Bolton. It was the fourth single released from his 1991 album, "Time, Love & Tenderness". The song features saxophone player Kenny G; it was produced by Walter Afanasieff, who also co-wrote the song with Bolton and noted songwriter Diane Warren. 
"Missing You Now" just missed the Top 10 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart, topping out at No. 12 in March 1992. The song did reach No. 1 on the adult contemporary chart for three weeks, Bolton's sixth song to do so and Kenny G's first. In addition, the song reached No. 28 on the UK Singles Chart.
The music video for "Missing You Now" featured actress Teri Hatcher, with whom Bolton was reportedly dating at the time.

</doc>
<doc id="18392649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392649" title="2019 World Cup">
2019 World Cup

2019 World Cup can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18392665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392665" title="KTU radio Gaudeamus">
KTU radio Gaudeamus

KTU radio Gaudeamus is one the first university radio stations in Lithuania. It was founded at Kaunas University of Technology (KTU) in 2005. Radio station is available via analogue 93,6 MHz FM frequency in Kaunas city and on the internet. "Gaudeamus" has one main radio station based in the center of Kaunas in the Faculty of Humanities of KTU.
Programming.
"Gaudeamus" is non-commercial youth and academic community oriented radio station, broadcasting jazz and other alternative music styles. The most of the programmes are dedicated for local and worldwide cultural, scientific and artistic news. "Gaudeamus" also has many programmes about different kinds of music: special shows for different kind of jazz, rock, classical or religious music.
History.
Internet radio station “Gaudeamus” was founded in 2005. In February 2008 the Communications Regulatory Authority of the Republic of Lithuania (RRT) gave the right to "Gaudeamus" to start broadcast on FM frequency in Kaunas city. The mover and the main ideological leader of the station was the Dean of the Faculty of Humanities (KTU) prof. Giedrius Kuprevičius.

</doc>
<doc id="18392687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392687" title="Japanese people in Spain">
Japanese people in Spain

Japanese people in Spain consist largely of expatriate managers in Japanese corporations, as well as international students. There are also some people of Japanese ancestry in Spain, including descendants of 17th-century migrants to Spain, as well as migrants from among Nikkei populations in Latin America. According to Spain's National Statistical Institute, 4,898 Japanese citizens resided in the country ; Japan's Ministry of Foreign Affairs gave a slightly higher figure of 6,717.
History.
The first Japanese people to settle in Spain were the members of an embassy led by Hasekura Tsunenaga. Instead of returning to Japan in 1617, six samurai remained in Coria del Río, near Seville. The surname "Japón" (Spanish for "Japan") is conserved among approximately 700 inhabitants of Coria del Río, identifying them as descendants of the members of Hasekura Tsunenaga's delegation.
Between 1970s and 1980s, Nikkeis—people of Japanese ancestry from various countries of Latin America—settled in Spain, fleeing financial crises or political oppression in their home countries. Since the 1970s, many Japanese have also come to Spain as businesspeople and students. In 1966, there were only about 280 Japanese nationals in Spain, but this number grew to 2,824 by 1993.
Education.
Spain has two Japanese international schools: the "Colegio Japonés de Barcelona" and the "Colegio Japonés de Madrid".

</doc>
<doc id="18392688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392688" title="Nathan Fisher">
Nathan Fisher

Nathan Daniel Fisher (born 6 July 1989) is a footballer who is currently playing for Darlington 1883 after being released by Gateshead in April 2013.
Career.
Fisher started his career at Middlesbrough, where he played in the youth academy from 2005 to 2007. He went on to play in Gretna's youth team and made his Scottish Premier League debut on 3 May 2008 in a 6–1 defeat to Inverness Caledonian Thistle, coming on as an 82nd minute substitute. He was released by the club later that month when the club made their remaining 40 staff redundant. He joined York City on trial in July, where he played in a 6–0 pre-season friendly victory over Tadcaster Albion. However, York manager Colin Walker said he and two other trialists were only making up the numbers and were unlikely to be signed permanently. He later signed for Durham City, but was not a frequent player during their title winning season in the Northern Premier League Division One North. Fisher moved on to Northern League Division Two side Chester-le-Street Town where he scored 45 goals in 62 games in all competitions in two spells at the club. Fisher joined Consett at the beginning of the 2009–10 season, but rejoined Chester-le-Street Town after making only one appearance in a 5–0 loss against Newcastle Benfield in the J.R. Cleator Cup. On 17 June 2010, Fisher signed for Conference National side Gateshead for £3,000, making his debut as a second half substitute against Kettering Town on 14 August 2010. Fisher scored his first goal for Gateshead on 23 October 2010 against Altrincham at Moss Lane in the FA Cup Fourth Qualifying Round. He agreed a new one-year contract with the club in May 2012 to cover the 2012–13 season. Fisher was one of seven players released by Gateshead at the end of April 2013. Fisher went on to play football in Thailand and on returning he signed for Darlington 1883 who currently play their football in the First Division North of the Northern Premier League.

</doc>
<doc id="18392689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392689" title="Pleistodontes achorus">
Pleistodontes achorus

Pleistodontes achorus is a species of fig wasp which is native to Australia. The host fig is unknown, but based on the size of the wasp and the site where it was collected, Carlos Lopez-Vaamonde and coauthors suggested that the host is likely to be "Ficus crassipes", "F. watkinsiana", "F. triradiata" or "F. pleurocarpa".

</doc>
<doc id="18392701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392701" title="Bhagwan Mahavir Institute Of Engineering &amp; Technology">
Bhagwan Mahavir Institute Of Engineering &amp; Technology

Bhagwan Mahaveer Institute of Engineering & Technology (BMIET) is an engineering college located at Raipur-Fazilpur Road, Sonepat, Haryana.
About Institute.
Affiliated to Deenbandhu Chhotu Ram University of Science and Technology, BMIET is also certified with ISO 9001 : 2000, approved by AICTE. The Institute was established by Bhagwan Mahavir Education Trust Sonepat in year 1999. The Foundation Stone was laid by Jain Muni Gupti Sagar Ji Maharaj in 1997.
The College is established under Minority Educational Institutions Act providing 42.5% reservation in seats for Jain Students.
Courses Offered.
The college offers Bachelor of Engineering(B.E) in 4 branches:
Information Technology(I.T),Computer Science(CSE),Electronics and Telecommunication(ECE),Instrumentation(ICE).

</doc>
<doc id="18392714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392714" title="Australian Small Scale Offerings Board">
Australian Small Scale Offerings Board

The Australian Small Scale Offerings Board (ASSOB) is a crowdfunding facility for small businesses in Australia (often referred to as the SME sector) to raise equity finance. It differs from the Australian Stock Exchange (ASX) and the National Stock Exchange in a few key ways:
Capital raising in Australia is strictly regulated under the federal Corporations Act. The intention is to protect investors, and for this reason, most approaches to investors require expensive and comprehensive prospectuses registered with the Australian Securities and Investments Commission (ASIC), the government regulator. Company directors assume significant legal responsibilities when make investment offers to the public.
Section 708 of the Corporations Act allows small fund raising without the need to register a prospectus. Funds raised are limited to $2m and the offer can not be marketed. Further, only a small number of investors can participate.
ASSOB operates in this area of the law, but has permission to raise up to $5m, and to allow registered brokers to assume some legal responsibilities associated with the offer, and the Section 708 restrictions on advertising a small-scale offer are relaxed. ASIC provides this via Class Order 02/273 applicable to section 708
In the spectrum of financing opportunities available to small business, ASSOB offers a marketing channel to inform potential investors of the offer, and a secondary market.
Because of the risky nature of equity finance, and because most ASSOB listings sell only a minority share, investors are looking for opportunities with high upside. ASSOB is therefore usually considered most appropriate for businesses with convincing high-growth potential.

</doc>
<doc id="18392718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392718" title="VisualVM">
VisualVM

VisualVM is a tool that provides a visual interface for viewing detailed information about Java applications while they are running on a Java Virtual Machine (JVM). VisualVM organizes JVM data that is retrieved by the Java Development Kit (JDK) tools and presents the information in a way that allows data on multiple Java applications to be quickly viewed—both local applications and applications that are running on remote hosts. Programmers can also capture data about the JVM software and save the data to the local system, and then view the data later or share it with others. VisualVM is built on the NetBeans Platform; its architecture is modular and easy to extend with plugins.
Features.
VisualVM has features of use to application developers, system administrators, quality engineers and application users submitting bug reports.

</doc>
<doc id="18392724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392724" title="Pleistodontes nigriventris">
Pleistodontes nigriventris

Pleistodontes nigriventris is a species of fig wasp which is native to Australia. It has an obligate mutualism with "Ficus watkinsiana", the fig species it pollinates.

</doc>
<doc id="18392732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392732" title="Kent Matsuoka">
Kent Matsuoka

Kent Matsuoka is an American born independent producer and location manager of Japanese (nisei) descent. Born in Sacramento, California, he studied film and photography at the California Institute of the Arts. 
As a location scout in Hollywood, he has recently scouted for "The Hangover Part III", "Hawaii Five-0", "Burlesque", "The Fighter", "Castle" and commercials for brands such as Apple, ExxonMobil, Ford, Hyundai, Nike, Pepsi, Verizon and others.
Matsuoka was recently honored in 2010 with a California on Location Award for his work on a Ford Superduty Commercial.
He has also been responsible for producing many print editorials, advertising, commercials, the Roger Corman feature "Supergator", served on the board of the Location Managers Guild of America, and on the Teamster 399 steering committee.

</doc>
<doc id="18392742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392742" title="Pleistodontes addicotti">
Pleistodontes addicotti

Pleistodontes addicotti is a species of fig wasp which is native to Australia. It has an obligate mutualism with "Ficus crassipes", the fig species it pollinates.

</doc>
<doc id="18392752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392752" title="Pleistodontes schizodontus">
Pleistodontes schizodontus

Pleistodontes schizodontus is a species of fig wasp which is native to Australia. It has an obligate mutualism with "Ficus triradiata", the fig species it pollinates.

</doc>
<doc id="18392770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392770" title="Pleistodontes rigisamos">
Pleistodontes rigisamos

Pleistodontes rigisamos is a species of fig wasp which is native to Australia. It has an obligate mutualism with "Ficus destruens", the fig species it pollinates.

</doc>
<doc id="18392786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392786" title="Pleistodontes cuneatus">
Pleistodontes cuneatus

Pleistodontes cuneatus is a species of fig wasp which is native to Australia. It has an obligate mutualism with "Ficus platypoda", the fig species it pollinates.

</doc>
<doc id="18392800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392800" title="Pleistodontes proximus">
Pleistodontes proximus

Pleistodontes proximus is a species of fig wasp which is native to Australia. It has an obligate mutualism with "Ficus lilliputiana", the fig species it pollinates.

</doc>
<doc id="18392809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392809" title="I Vincisgrassi">
I Vincisgrassi

I Vincisgrassi is an Italian comedy rock band from Macerata, formed in 1993, whose music is inspired to the style of Elio e le Storie Tese and Frank Zappa. The band has not got a particular leader.
The band's name has its origins in a traditional food from Marche, just called "vincisgrassi". Songs are generally sung in the dialect of Macerata and they are a mixture of music and sketches. The band's members are acute observers, sharp folk singers and great connoisseurs of the social reality in their province and sometimes write songs about social problems. 
The original members of the band are Maurizio Serafini, Luciano Monceri and Paolo Mencoboni. In 2006 Paolo Mencoboni left the band and he was replaced by Roberto Marcucci. In 2007 Marcucci left the band too and Simone Cicconi took his place.
On their last CD "Marducati", Maurizio Serafini and Luciano Monceri appear with the pseudonyms of Mario Vinci and Neno Sgrassi.

</doc>
<doc id="18392810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392810" title="Senior Chinese Unofficial Member">
Senior Chinese Unofficial Member

Senior Chinese Unofficial Member () denotes the highest-ranking Chinese member of the Legislative Council and Executive Council under colonial British rule. As Chinese council members were frequently referred to as "Chinese Representatives", the senior member was also known as the "Senior Chinese Representative". In the later years of the colonial rule, many Senior Chinese Unofficial Member also served as Senior Unofficial Member at the same time.

</doc>
<doc id="18392813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392813" title="Ichneumoninae">
Ichneumoninae

Ichneumoninae is a worldwide subfamily of the parasitic wasp family Ichneumonidae.
Ichneumoninae are koinobiont or idiobiont endoparasitoids of Lepidoptera.This is the second largest subfamily of Ichneumonidae with 373 genera.
Ichneumonines are often large, conspicuous colourful insects.They have a 5-sided areolet,a dorso-ventrally flattened abdomen, a long sternaulus and the clypeus is truncate exposing the labium.

</doc>
<doc id="18392830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392830" title="Ben Alexander (rugby union)">
Ben Alexander (rugby union)

Ben Alexander (born 13 November 1984) is an Australian Rugby Union player. He plays first-tier, professional rugby for the Brumbies in the Super Rugby competition. Alexander has also been named to the Australian national rugby union team, the Wallabies.
Career.
Alexander attended Knox Grammar in Sydney until 2002, he was involved in drama and arts, and played the lead in school productions. He played his colts rugby with the UC Owls in Canberra where he was selected to play for the Australian U21 and the Brumby Runners.
Alexander played for the Western Sydney Rams in the now defunct Australian Rugby Championship. Alexander's competition team mates included Kurtley Beale, Tatafu Polota-Nau, Lachie Turner and Josh Holmes.
Alexander also played for the Bedford Blues in what was National Division 1 (now rebranded the RFU Championship) in England during the 2006–07 season.
Alexander made his Brumbies debut in round 3 of the 2008 Super 14 season off the bench in round three against the Queensland Reds, scoring a try to the delight of the Brumbies home crowd, in particular the punters. He went on to play six games off the bench in that season. When the Wallaby squad was named by new coach Robbie Deans Alexander was a surprise inclusion after playing only six games for the Brumbies. He made his test debut against France in Sydney. In 2009, he played in all 13 games for the Brumbies and in all 14 games for the Wallabies.
Alexander became the top try scorer for the Brumbies in 2010, scoring 7 tries from 13 games. Although injury hindered his test season that year, he recovered to play all 5 tests in the Spring Tour.

</doc>
<doc id="18392832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392832" title="Pleistodontes athysanus">
Pleistodontes athysanus

Pleistodontes athysanus is a species of fig wasp which is native to Australia. It has generally been collected from the syconia of "Ficus brachypoda", but two individuals have been collected from "F. cerasicarpa".

</doc>
<doc id="18392838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392838" title="The Best of the BBC Sessions 1999–2006">
The Best of the BBC Sessions 1999–2006

The Best of the BBC Sessions 1999–2006 is a compilation album of BBC recordings by British band The Charlatans, it was released in July 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18392841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392841" title="Kenichi Ogata">
Kenichi Ogata

Kenichi Ogata may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18392854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392854" title="Pleistodontes astrabocheilus">
Pleistodontes astrabocheilus

Pleistodontes astrabocheilus is a species of fig wasp which is native to Australia. It has an obligate mutualism with "Ficus subpuberula", the fig species it pollinates.

</doc>
<doc id="18392861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392861" title="Aeneator marshalli separabilis">
Aeneator marshalli separabilis

Aeneator marshalli separabilis is a subspecies of large sea snail, a whelk, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Buccinidae, the true whelks. 

</doc>
<doc id="18392869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392869" title="Pleistodontes imperialis">
Pleistodontes imperialis

Pleistodontes imperialis is a species of fig wasp which is native to Australia. It has an obligate mutualism with "Ficus rubiginosa", the fig species it pollinates.

</doc>
<doc id="18392877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392877" title="Pleistodontes macrocainus">
Pleistodontes macrocainus

Pleistodontes macrocainus is a species of fig wasp which is native to Australia. It is associated with "Ficus cerasicarpa" and "F. brachypoda".
Description.
Female "P. macrocainus" wasps are long, while males are long.
Taxonomy.
"Pleistodontes macrocainus" was described by Carlos Lopez-Vaamonde, Dale Dixon and James M. Cook in 2002 based on specimens collected from "Ficus cerasicarpa". Since they could not discern any consistent differences between the wasps collected from "F. cerasicarpa" and "F. brachypoda", they concluded that both figs are pollinated by the same species of fig wasp.

</doc>
<doc id="18392884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392884" title="Institute of International and European Affairs">
Institute of International and European Affairs

The Institute of International and European Affairs (IIEA) is Ireland’s leading think tank on European and International affairs and is an independent, not-for-profit organisation with charitable status. Its extensive research programme aims to provide its members with high-level analysis and forecasts of the challenges on the global and EU policy agendas which impact on Ireland. It acts as a catalyst for new thinking, new solutions and policy options, which give its members from the private and public sector a significant competitive advantage.
The IIEA provides a forum in Ireland for corporate networking. It annually hosts over 100 events which afford its members unparalleled access to the highest-level speakers, decision-makers, and thought-leaders at national, EU and global level. The videos of these events are hosted on www.iiea.com.
Activities.
Meetings.
Every year the Institute holds over 100 high level events on business, economic, political and legal issues. These events include policy dialogues, keynote addresses, briefings, seminars and conferences. In 2009, the Institute held 110 events at which high-level Irish, EU and global decision makers and thought leaders addressed the members.
Meetings are generally held under Europe House rules of confidentiality. This means that speechs and presentations will be on the record while the Q&A session will be confidential to ensure frank and vibrant discussion.
Guest Keynote speakers.
High profile keynote speakers at the Institute come under 7 main headings:
In addition, the Institute operates dedicated groups examining terrorism, which has attracted a number of important speakers including George Joffe, Peter Bergen, Magnus Ranstorp, Bruce Hoffman, and Tariq Ramadan.
Research.
The Institute’s Research Department provides early warning of legislative and regulatory developments, and produces in-depth analysis of a wide range of policy issues. Recent publications from the Research Department include a National Energy Efficiency Retrofit Plan, an analysis of the Irish agri-food industry, a series of papers on the International Financial Crisis and research on Digital and ICT issues. 
In addition to its dedicated core staff of full-time researchers, the Research Department also draws upon expertise from the Institute’s membership, including former Taoisigh (Prime Ministers of Ireland), Ministers, Secretaries General, business leaders, leaders of ICT EMEA head quarters, journalists and academics. Its high-level working groups discuss specific policy areas of relevance to the business and policy community. Each group has a high-calibre chair and project leader, and meets at regular intervals with contributions from visiting experts.
Membership.
The Institute is primarily funded by membership subscriptions.
Their members include:
Embassies - 53 out of 62 Embassies in Ireland
Energy - 14 leading companies including ESB, Bord Gas, Bord na Mona, SEI, Eirgrid, Codema
Education - 5 leading organizations including Trinity, UCD, UCC and Leargas
Banking & Finance - 11 leading organizations including AIB, BOI, Goldman Sachs, the Central Bank and Irish Life & Permanent
Government Departments - 18 Government Departments including Department of Taoiseach
Government Bodies - All major government bodies including the Dail, the Senate, the Houses of the Oireachtas, Dublin City Council and others
Law - 6 Major Law firms including Arthur Cox, BCM Hanby Wallace, William Fry and Mason Hayes & Curran
Retail - Retail leaders including Tesco, Diageo and the Smurfit Kappa Group
Semi-States - 11 Semi-State bodies including the IDA, Enterprise Ireland, Dublin Airport Authority and CEI
Technology - Technology leaders including Google, Microsoft and Realex Payments
Telecomms - 4 Telecomms Organisations including Vodafone, BT and ComReg
Social Partners - 4 including IBEC, IMPACT, INTO and Siptu
Individual members include former heads of state and government, government ministers, parliamentarians, Secretaries General of government departments and other senior Civil Service officials, company chairpersons and CEO's and senior managers, members of the judiciary, ambassadors, senior barristers, partners in solicitors' firms, senior representatives from trade unions, academia, NGOs and professional and sectoral associations. Further, any interested individual can apply for membership.
Structure.
Management and Staff
The post of Director General of the Institute is held by Daithi O'Ceallaigh. Jill Donoghue is the Director of Research.
There are also Directors of Finance, Communications and Development, three general administrative staff and an IT administrator.
Oversight
There is a Management Team, of which the Chairman is Brendan Halligan, "former Secretary General of the Labour Party", with six Vice-Chairpersons, a Secretary and a Treasurer.
The membership elects an Executive Committee, with over 45 members.
Honorary positions
Patron Mary McAleese "President of Ireland"
President Dr. Garret FitzGerald "former Taoiseach (prime minister) of Ireland"
Members of the "Comite d'Honneur": former Irish prime ministers Bertie Ahern, T.D. and John Bruton (now Ambassador of the European Union to the USA), Charles McCreevy "European Commissioner for Internal Trade", Dr Patrick Hillery "former President of Ireland", Mary Robinson "former President of Ireland", Albert Reynolds "former Taoiseach", Pat Cox "former President of the European Parliament", Richard Burke "former European Commissioner", David Byrne "former European Commissioner", Pádraig Flynn "former European Commissioner", Ray MacSharry "former European Commissioner", Michael O'Kennedy "former European Commissioner", Peter Sutherland "former European Commissioner".
Location.
The Institute is located in Dublin city centre. The address is Europe House, 8 North Great Georges Street, Dublin 1, Ireland (Google Maps directions here or see Google Earth view of North Great Georges Street).

</doc>
<doc id="18392885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392885" title="Pleistodontes xanthocephalus">
Pleistodontes xanthocephalus

Pleistodontes xanthocephalus is a species of fig wasp which is native to Australia. It has an obligate mutualism with "Ficus obliqua", the fig species it pollinates.

</doc>
<doc id="18392891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392891" title="Clipped Wings">
Clipped Wings

Clipped Wings may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18392893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392893" title="Johnny B. Goode (album)">
Johnny B. Goode (album)

Johnny B. Goode is a posthumous live album by Jimi Hendrix released in June 1986. This release was the "mini LP" soundtrack to the VHS and laserdisc that were released at the same time. The album contains three songs from Hendrix's performance at the 1970 Atlanta International Pop Festival on July 4, 1970 and two songs from his performance at Berkeley Community Theatre on May 30, 1970. This release contains an edited version of Voodoo Child (Slight Return) from the Atlanta International Pop Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="18392894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392894" title="Scotstarvit Tower">
Scotstarvit Tower

Scotstarvit Tower is a tower house in Fife, Scotland. It is situated south of Cupar, between Tarvit Hill and Walton Hill, south of the River Eden, near the A916 road.
The six-storey L-plan tower, still largely intact, was built in the third quarter of the 16th century by the Inglis family. It was bought, in 1611, by Sir John Scot, author of the satirical "The Staggering State of the Scots' Statesmen". Scot rebuilt the tower in the 1620s. Scotstarvit later passed to the Wemyss family, and in 1948 it was given to the National Trust for Scotland, and it is now in the care of Historic Scotland. The castle is a Scheduled Ancient Monument, and a category A listed building.

</doc>
<doc id="18392895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392895" title="Pleistodontes greenwoodi">
Pleistodontes greenwoodi

Pleistodontes greenwoodi is a species of fig wasp which is native to Australia. It has an obligate mutualism with "Ficus obliqua", the fig species it pollinates.

</doc>
<doc id="18392909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18392909" title="Meï Teï Shô">
Meï Teï Shô

Meï Teï Shô is a French music band playing jazz, afrobeat and dub.
Band's name.
Meï Teï Shô 
Musical description.
Meï Teï Sho is a music to listen to as well as a music to dance to.
It is the fruit of a multitude of cultures, reflected in the languages used, the lyrics, the style, the energy and the musicians themselves.
Based on a repetitive pattern, the musicians add improvisations, instrumentals and vocals, producing this energetic musical style.

</doc>
