<doc id="18535693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18535693" title="Henning Rønne">
Henning Rønne

Henning Rønne (May 25, 1878 - September 28, 1947) was a Danish ophthalmologist.
He studied medicine at the University of Copenhagen, where he graduated with an M.B. in 1903. Later he became an assistant to Jannik Petersen Bjerrum (1851-1920), with whom he performed important studies in campimetry. In 1910 he earned his medical doctorate, and in 1931 became a professor of ophthalmology at the University.
Henning Rønne specialized in the pathological anatomy of the eye, and is remembered for campimetric studies involving the eyes' visual field. He also performed investigations concerning the primary visual centres of the midbrain. His name is lent to the eponymous "Rønne nasal step", which is a nasal visual field defect that is considered a pathognomonic sign of glaucoma.

</doc>
<doc id="18535695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18535695" title="The Nippon Dental University">
The Nippon Dental University


</doc>
<doc id="18535702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18535702" title="The Nippon Dental University College at Niigata">
The Nippon Dental University College at Niigata


</doc>
<doc id="18535704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18535704" title="Joan Toralles">
Joan Toralles

Joan Toralles was a Catalan author from Vic of a brief historical tract, the "Noticiari" ("Notices"). It is little more than a list of names, dates, places, and events, probably compiled largely from memory, covering the years from 1365 to 1427. The gossipy nature of the tract leads Martí de Riquer i Morera to label Toralles as a representative of the "vox populi" of the early fifteenth century in Catalonia. Despite the tract's brevity, Toralles displays a wide knowledge of current events, shrewdness, and capacity for concision. That Toralles hailed from Vic is corroborated by his deep knowledge of the geography of Osona. It is possible that his "Noticiar" was composed by more than one person, judging by the long period of time it covers. He covers the earthquake that stuck Olot on 15 May 1427 like this:

</doc>
<doc id="18535717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18535717" title="My Claim">
My Claim

My Claim is the debut solo album by American Hip hop artist Yak Ballz. It was released on Feb 23, 2004 on Eastern Conference Records, with guest appearances from both Cage and Tame One.

</doc>
<doc id="18535720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18535720" title="Mino dialect">
Mino dialect

The is a Japanese dialect spoken in the southern area, made up of the former area known as Mino Province, of Gifu Prefecture, Japan. It is also referred to as the Tōnō dialect (東濃弁 "Tōnō-ben") by residents of the Tōnō region of the prefecture, which is the eastern part of the former province. It is sometimes also referred to as the Gifu dialect (岐阜弁 "Gifu-ben"), but that can sometimes include Hida dialect, which is in the northern part of Gifu Prefecture.
Generally speaking, it has many words and grammatical structures that are shared with other nearby dialects, such as the Nagoya and Mikawa dialects in neighboring Aichi Prefecture. However, it also shares features with the Kansai dialect.
Parts of speech.
Up until the Taishō period, the Japanese used "ja" (じゃ) for copulas and adjectival nouns, which has since evolved into "de aru" (である). Because the Mino dialect continued to use "ja" after this evolution, it is still occasionally referred to as a ""ja"-language." However, the Mino dialect has since evolved, too, and "ya" (や) is the general term used for copulas and adjectival nouns. Standard Japanese emphasizes copulas with "yo", such as "da yo" (だよ), but the Mino dialect attaches "te" (て) to the "ya" copula, leading to emphases such as "ya te" (やて). It is thought that these developments show the influence of the Kansai dialect, as the Nagoya dialect continues to use "da" for copulas and adjectival nouns.
The main difference between verbs in the Mino dialect and in standard Japanese is seen in the negative form. The verb "to eat" (食べる "taberu") is written as "tabenai" (食べない) as a negative in standard Japanese. In the Mino dialect, "nai" is replaced by "n" (ん) or "hen" (へん), leading to forms such as "taben" (食べん) or "tabehen" (食べへん). The verb "to go" would similarly be written in the negative form as "ikan" (行かん) or "ikahen" (行かへん).
Pronunciation.
The Mino dialect elides the intervocalic in the sequences "an'i" and "en'i"; the first vowel is lengthened, becoming "aai" and "eei", respectively. For example, 満員 and 全員 are read as "man'in" and "zen'in" in standard Japanese, but can be read as "maain" and "zeein" in the Mino dialect.
The traditional accent pattern for the Mino dialect follow similar patterns to the Tokyo accent, though some of the western areas around Tarui and Sekigahara also show influences from the nearby Kansai accent pattern. Because major cities like Ōgaki and Gifu have many commuters from the surrounding area, modern youth have lost the traditional accent for the dialect.
Examples.
Below is a list of example words for the Mino dialect:

</doc>
<doc id="18535742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18535742" title="Cap City Cyclocross">
Cap City Cyclocross

Cap City Cyclocross is a central Ohio cyclocross racing series that is run from late September through December each year in the United States. Founded in the winter of 2006 by Andy Johnson, Mason Morgan, Nate Ziccardi, Phil Schumacker, Ramon Corpuz, Ryan Rish and Kyle Wingler. It has had races hosted by Team Awesome, Echelon Cycling, and Alan Cyclocross Team, Biowheels and COBC. Cap City was started as a series based on grassroots team managed cooperative racing.
Seasons.
2007.
2007 marked the beginning of the Cap City Cross race series. For the 2007 series Cap City hosted six races, from September to December. The races were held at the following locations:
Sponsors.
Cap City Cyclocross is Proudly Sponsored By:

</doc>
<doc id="18535743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18535743" title="Predrag Filipović (athlete)">
Predrag Filipović (athlete)

Predrag Filipović (Serbian Cyrillic: Предраг Филиповић; born 5 October 1978 in Leskovac, Serbia, Yugoslavia) is a Serbian racewalker.
Filipović is currently competing for the club of AK Vlasotince in his native country. His current coach is Tomislav Stefanović. Other than racewalking, Filipović also holds a civil engineer diploma.
He has competed for Serbia and Montenegro at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece, where he finished 39th overall in the Men's 20 kilometre walk with a time of 1:31:35.
Filipović represented Serbia at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, People's Republic of China. He gained qualification after finishing 39th overall at the 23rd IAAF World Racewalking Cup in Cheboksary in 2008, with a time of 1:24:07 at the Men's 20 kilometre walk.
He also competed for Serbia at the 2012 Summer Olympics, where he came 48th in the Men's 20 kilometre walk.
His twin brother is also a racewalker, Nenad Filipović (athlete).

</doc>
<doc id="18535744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18535744" title="Tiexi District, Anshan">
Tiexi District, Anshan

Tiexi District (), literally meaning "The district west of the railway", is located in the southwest of Anshan City, Liaoning, China.
The main plant of Anshan Steel limited company is in this district. The Technology developing district is also here.
Administrative Divisions.
There are 11 subdistricts.
Subdistricts:

</doc>
<doc id="18535763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18535763" title="Games People Play (The Spinners song)">
Games People Play (The Spinners song)

"Games People Play", also known as "They Just Can't Stop It (The Games People Play)", is a song recorded by American R&B vocal group The Spinners. Released in 1975 from their "Pick of the Litter" album, featuring lead vocals by the group's main lead singer Bobby Smith, the song was a crossover success, spending a week at number one on the US Hot Soul Singles chart and peaking at number five on the Billboard Hot 100. Recorded at Philly's Sigma Sound Studios, the house band MFSB provided the backing. Female backing vocals on the song were by Barbara Ingram. This song was an RIAA certified million-seller for the Spinners.[http://www.riaa.com/goldandplatinumdata.php?content_selector=gold-platinum-searchable-database]

</doc>
<doc id="18535777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18535777" title="The Wing of Madoola">
The Wing of Madoola

Plot.
Once upon a time, in the Kingdom of Badham, there was a statue of a bird known as the Wing of Madoola. Whoever possessed the wing would possess the power to rule the world, and many wars were fought between nations to obtain it. A wise king, one of the members of the Rameru family, managed to get a hold of the wing, and ordered that a deep cave be constructed where the wings would be hidden so that the wars would cease. The knowledge of the cave would be recorded and locked away, accessible only to the rulers of the land. Peace soon returned to the world.
Several centuries later, a young member of the Rameru family known as Darutos learned of the location of the wing through the kingdom's secret archives. He betrayed the family and stole away with the Wing of Madoola. Using the power of the wing, he summoned demons to attack and take over castle Arekusu. He constructed an underground labyrinth beneath the castle, built a dangerous fortress, and planned to rule the world.The few survivors of Arekusu's military, and the remainder of the Rameru family fled the castle. They regrouped and devised a desperate plan to overthrow Darutos and regain control of the kingdom. Lucia, a brave warrior, was selected to accompany a member of the Rameru family who was uniquely capable of wielding magic known only to his family.
As they approached Arekusu, they were beset upon by two powerful demons. While one distracted Lucia, the other attacked the Rameru family member. Lucia battled both demons and defeated them, but not before her partner received a fatal wound. Knowing what had to be done, Lucia bravely pressed forward, knowing that only she could stop Darutos, and regain possession of the Wing of Madoola.
Gameplay.
The game's genre is a side scrolling action adventure game. The player must progress through 16 stages, collecting items which increase the main character Lucia's power, while defeating the boss of each stage in order to gain entrance to the next stage. This game is considered to be difficult to beat. Although Lucia's strength and health increase throughout the game, enemies generally do large amounts of damage, and many continue to smash into Lucia for multiple consecutive hits. Some stages are very large, and it is easy to overlook some of the more necessary items that can make the completion of the game much easier. Many of the bosses can withstand a tremendous amount of damage before being defeated.

</doc>
<doc id="18535796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18535796" title="Matti Kurikka">
Matti Kurikka

Matti Kurikka (January 24, 1863 Tuutari, Ingria – October 4, 1915 Westerly, Rhode Island, United States) was a Finnish journalist, theosophist, and utopian socialist.
Kurikka was the editor of the "Työmies" newspaper from 1897–1899. In 1908 Kurikka purchased the "Wiipurin Sanomat". As editor of Wiipurin Sanomat, Kurikka was initially influenced by the Young Finns political movement, later moving towards Christian socialism. Kurikka moved to North America in the year 1900 and founded the newspaper "Aika", the first Finnish-Canadian newspaper.
In 1901 Kurikka helped establish Sointula, a utopian island colony on Malcolm Island, British Columbia based on cooperative principles. Sointula dissolved as a utopian colony in 1905 after financial difficulties and a devastating fire, but continued as a fishing and logging based community. Kurikka had attempted to found utopian communities in Canada and Australia prior to Sointula. 

</doc>
<doc id="18535809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18535809" title="Crowell Trust">
Crowell Trust

The Crowell Trust (full name: The Henry Parsons Crowell and Susan Coleman Crowell Trust) is a charitable foundation in the United States which states that it "is dedicated to the teaching and active extension of the doctrines of Evangelical Christianity". It has funded a television program opposing evolution, which television station KNME refused to broadcast.
The foundation was established in 1927 by American businessperson Henry Parsons Crowell, who was founder of the Quaker Oats Company, but not himself a Quaker. The foundation makes grants to various organizations in order to promote Evangelical Christianity.

</doc>
<doc id="18535815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18535815" title="Agdzhakishlag (disambiguation)">
Agdzhakishlag (disambiguation)

Agdzhakishlag and Aghjaghshlagh may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18535823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18535823" title="Edwin Ramos">
Edwin Ramos

Edwin U. Ramos (born October 12, 1986) is a Salvadoran gang member and convicted triple murderer. An illegal immigrant from El Salvador and member of the Mara Salvatrucha (MS-13) gang, he was convicted in 2012 of the June 22, 2008 slayings of Anthony Bologna and his sons, Michael and Matthew, in San Francisco. Ramos was born in El Salvador, grew up in San Francisco, and later moved to El Sobrante, California. As a teenager, Ramos twice served probation for violent crimes but was not deported. Ramos's case brought much attention and outrage over San Francisco's sanctuary city policy that prevented city officials from enforcing federal immigration law. Shortly after the murders, San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsom revised the policy to allow the city to refer undocumented juvenile felons to federal authorities.
Biography.
Ramos was born in El Salvador, where he was raised by his grandmother. The "San Francisco Chronicle" reported in 2008 that Ramos illegally entered the United States when he was 13 to live with his mother and two siblings, but later reports suggested that Ramos was a legal immigrant whose visa expired. In 2003, Ramos's mother reported him missing, and Ramos returned 11 days after his mother reported. On October 22 that year, Ramos was also one of three MS-13 members suspected of assaulting a man on a Muni bus for claiming not to be a gang member. Juvenile Court convicted Ramos of assault and street gang membership and put him in a shelter. On probation, Ramos was released to his mother's custody on April 2, 2004, but four days later he assaulted a pregnant woman and her brother. Ramos was convicted of attempted robbery, a felony offense, but was cleared of assault and served probation at the city-run Log Cabin Ranch where he lived from June 2004 to February 2005. ("The purpose of the facility is provide a twenty-four a day residential program for juveniles of San Francisco who have been adjudicated delinquent by the Juvenile Courts and sent to Log Cabin for treatment and rehabilitation.") 
After his release, he lived with his mother's sister. He applied for temporary residency but was declined; by then federal authorities had learned that Ramos was in the U.S. illegally and considered Ramos deportable. After marrying a woman who was a U.S. citizen, Ramos applied again for citizenship; his application was still pending as of 2008. The "San Francisco Chronicle" identified Ramos's wife as having the given name Amelia and reported that the couple had a daughter named Jasmine in 2007. Amelia's mother, Rosa Martinez, knew that Ramos worked at City Auto Supply in South San Francisco and believed that Ramos was a gang member, thus warning Amelia not to marry Ramos.
Having been a member of the 20th Street MS-13 gang in San Francisco, Ramos later moved to El Sobrante and joined MS-13 ally Pasadena Loco Sureños (PLS). On March 30, 2008, Ramos was arrested after police discovered his car had illegally tinted windows, no license plate, and a passenger named Erick Lopez who tried to conceal a gun that police found was used in a double killing. According to the police report, Ramos cooperated with police, but Lopez ran away but was later caught and arrested. Police had "numerous documented contacts" with Ramos and Lopez and identified both as active MS-13 gang members. Prosecutors declined to charge Ramos due to lack of evidence that he knew about the gun. San Francisco sheriff's deputies called Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) to determine if the department wanted to hold Ramos in custody, but ICE declined.
Murder case and trial.
On June 22, 2008, Tony Bologna and his sons, Michael and Matthew, were shot dead near their residence in the Excelsior district of San Francisco as they returned home in the afternoon from a family barbecue in Fairfield. Bologna was on his way home to rest before reporting to his job as night manager at a supermarket later that afternoon. Another one of Tony's sons was critically injured. Jaxon Van Derbeken of the "San Francisco Chronicle" reported the incident initially as one of road rage. Ramos was arrested and booked on murder charges three days later without bail.
Preliminary hearings were held in June 2009. The only survivor of the shooting identified Ramos as the shooter. In September 2009, the "San Francisco Chronicle" reported that Douglas Largaespada, an alleged MS-13 member, claimed that Ramos killed the Bolognas. Marvin Medina, who was injured in a shooting hours before the Bolognas were shot, testified in court in exchange for prosecutorial immunity. He repeatedly denied knowing Ramos or other MS-13 gang members; prosecutors questioned Medina to determine whether Ramos was seeking retaliation for the shooting of Medina in killing the Bolognas. However, Medina could not explain why he was driving around the San Francisco Mission District for two hours the day before he was shot and why he called several people but not 911 after being shot. On June 24, Sergeant Mario Molina, a San Francisco police officer who was an expert on Latino gangs, testified that 
Ramos thought the Bolognas were rival Norteños gang members. San Francisco Superior Court Judge Teri Jackson ruled on June 29 that Ramos would stand trial for three counts of 
murder, and 
Ramos pled not guilty on July 13. According to Sgt. Molina, Ramos stated that his friend Wilfredo "Flaco" 
Reyesruano, who police identified as a leader of MS-13, shot the Bolognas. San Francisco District Attorney Kamala Harris sought a 
maximum sentence of life in prison without parole rather than the death penalty should Ramos be convicted. Mayor Newsom supported Harris's 
decision.
Harry Dorfman and George Butterworth represent the prosecution; Marla Zamora is representing Ramos in court. Judge Jackson removed Ramos's previous lead defense attorney Robert Amparan on January 7 because Amparan was representing Douglas Largaespada at the time.
Marvin Medina admitted on December 1, 2009 that he lied on the stand six months earlier and could not explain how Ramos obtained his cell-phone number. Additionally, Medina identified Reyesruano as the shooter of the Bolognas. When prosecutors attempted to check for a gang-related tattoo, Medina admitted that he was a former MS-13 member. As a result, Medina pled guilty to three counts of perjury regarding his claims that he did not know Reyesruano, he only met Ramos once before the preliminary hearings, and he was alone when he was shot in 2008. Having been in jail since the preliminary hearings ended, Medina was sentenced to three years of probation on January 12, 2010 with credit for time served but remained held on $1 million bail as a material witness.
In May 2012, a jury in San Francisco convicted Ramos of killing the Bolognas and attempting to murder a surviving member of the family. Judge Charles Haines sentenced Ramos to 183 years to life without parole on June 11, 2012.
Impact on sanctuary city policy.
Tony Bologna's widow Danielle and other relatives of the slain family members blamed San Francisco's sanctuary city policies for the crime. The policy "bars city officials from cooperating with federal crackdowns on illegal immigrants". On July 2, nearly a week after the murder of the Bolognas, San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsom amended the sanctuary city policy to allow the city to refer juvenile illegal immigrant felons to federal authorities for deportation. Members of the Minuteman Project, a group of private citizens who patrol the Mexico – United States border against illegal immigrants, held a protest at San Francisco City Hall on July 30 denouncing the sanctuary city policy and calling for Mayor Newsom to resign. Cinnamon Stillwell wrote a column criticizing the policy. Jesse McKinley of "The New York Times" cited the Ramos case as among several negative consequences of San Francisco's sanctuary policy. Danielle Bologna advocated for District Attorney Kamala Harris to seek the death penalty for Ramos; among her campaign promises, Harris pledged never to seek capital punishment for any criminal case.
Bologna's civil suit against San Francisco.
On August 22, 2008, Danielle Bologna and other family members sued San Francisco, claiming that its sanctuary city policy contributed significantly to the three deaths. The city removed Bologna's civil suit to federal court because Bologna's case involved violations of federal constitutional rights, and Judge Susan Illston ruled on September 14, 2009 that Bologna could sue San Francisco in state court. Judge Charlotte Woolard of San Francisco Superior Court ruled on February 22, 2010 that the city cannot be liable for any crimes that Edwin Ramos committed post-release because the city had no information that Ramos posed a specific threat to the Bolognas and that the sanctuary city policy was intended "to improve immigration controls" rather than prevent crime.

</doc>
<doc id="18535832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18535832" title="Foreigner (Sawyer novel)">
Foreigner (Sawyer novel)

Foreigner is a science fiction novel by the Canadian author Robert J. Sawyer, originally published in 1994 by Ace Books. It is the final book of the Quintaglio Ascension Trilogy, following "Far-Seer" and "Fossil Hunter". The book depicts an Earth-like world on a moon which orbits a gas giant, inhabited by a species of highly evolved, sentient Tyrannosaurs called Quintaglios, among various other creatures from the late Cretaceous period, imported to this moon by aliens 65 million years earlier.
Plot summary.
In the beginning of the novel, Afsan is accidentally run over by a chariot, causing severe crush injuries to his face. As Quintaglios can regenerate large amounts of tissue, Afsan heals, and in the process, his eyes, which were cut out by Yenalb in Far-Seer, also regenerate. However, Afsan does not regain his sight, despite having fully anatomically functional eyes. Believing suggestions that the issue may be psychological, he consults Mokleb, who has recently pioneered the new field of psychoanalysis. While this does not cause him to regain his sight, it does cure the chronic nightmares and insomnia he suffered after setting up the royal culling in "Fossil Hunter".
With the moon on which the Quintaglios live continuing its inward spiral towards the giant planet known as the "Face of God", the death of their world continues to put a forced acceleration of Quintaglio scientific advancement. Within the discovered Jijaki spacecraft, the Quintaglios accidentally trigger the formation of a tower of kiit – a blue nanotech material. Much to their astonishment, this tower extends all the way to the Lagrangian point above the moon's surface. Novato ventures upwards, making a monumental discovery: she discovers that there is a sort of surveillance camera system overlooking all of the worlds to which the "Watcher" (from "Fossil Hunter") had the Jijaki transport life from Sol III (Earth). Staying to watch, she glimpses many life-forms, including red blob-like creatures, Quintaglios, and humans. She also notices that several cameras are returning black screens, unsettling her as to the possible meaning. Proceeding to explore the structure at the top of the tower, she accidentally opens an airlock, nearly killing her. While saved by the emergency systems, she realizes that the Quintaglio aviation advancements up to that point will not be sufficient to evacuate their moon, as there is no air in space on which winged aircraft can fly.
Meanwhile, Toroca makes an equally astounding discovery – another sentient species of saurian, inhabiting a small archipelago on the other side of the moon from the continent known as Land. These dinosaurs are markedly different both in physiology and psychology to the Quintaglios; most significantly, they use tools and cook meat, are capable of lying, and have a reduced sexual dimorphism, the last of which causes all Quintaglios except for Toroca – who has no territorial instincts – to immediately enter "dagamant". After Captain Keenir kills two of the "Others" in such a frenzy, Toroca attempts to negotiate, not altogether unsuccessfully. However, the Others eventually decide that the Quintaglios are a threat to their survival and decide to exterminate them, sending a huge fleet for Land. In a last-ditch attempt to settle the dispute, Afsan ventures to one of the ships, where he is shot. Overcoming their cultural aversion to tools, the Quintaglios retaliate, using their prototype aircraft as bomber planes, dropping a napalm-like substance on the enemy fleet, destroying it.
Afsan does eventually regain his sight, but shortly thereafter dies from his wounds. Toroca, having rescued a child of the Others, raises it as his own.
In an epilogue, the Quintaglios have successfully achieved spaceflight, and send a great many starships out to many planets, including at least one – the "Dasheter" – to Earth, the original homeworld. Other advancements have been made as well; for example, the "Dasheter" is navigated by an AI named Afsan, built to mimic the mannerisms of the long-dead astronomer.
Major themes.
Following with the style of the previous two novels in the trilogy, "Foreigner" displays the interaction between science and religion. Just as Afsan was the equivalent of Galileo and Toroca of Charles Darwin, Mokleb corresponds to Sigmund Freud, having pioneered a new form of psychology - psychoanalysis.
The Science vs Religion theme has been further downplayed from what is was in Far-Seer, as the religions of the Quintaglios have partly faded in prominence.

</doc>
<doc id="18535847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18535847" title="Bruce B. G. Clarke">
Bruce B. G. Clarke

Bruce Bennett Gorham Clarke (born January 26, 1943, Ft. Benning, Georgia) is a former U.S. Army officer. Clarke is currently president of Bruce Clarke Consultants, Inc., a defense consulting firm. He is widely published on military and national security affairs including "Expendable Warriors" and a regular column for the "Examiner".
Family.
Clarke was born in Ft. Benning, Georgia to LTC Arthur F. Gorham and Corrine "Colonel" Bennett Gorham (later Clarke). After LTC Gorham was killed leading paratroopers from the 505th Parachute Infantry Regiment during Operation Husky, the allied invasion of Sicily during World War II, Clarke's mother married Edwin R. Clarke who adopted Clarke. Clarke's siblings are Dr. Richard Clarke and Cindy Clarke Carnahan.
Clarke married his wife Sue in 1969 after the two had met on a blind date during a golf tournament upon his return from Vietnam. While a graduate student at UCLA, the Clarkes appeared on the "Newlywed Game" winning a bedroom set. The Clarkes have three children, a daughter and two sons, and three grandsons.
Education.
Clarke attended public schools in Wichita, Kansas before winning a scholarship to Middlesex School in Concord, Massachusetts. Excelling both as a student and as an athlete, Clarke was accepted to both Stanford and Harvard but, to the surprise of many of his Ivy League-bound classmates, elected to attend the U.S. Military Academy at West Point.
In 1961, Clarke joined the Class of 1965 at West Point. While at West Point, Clarke was known for overloading on political science courses. He graduated third in his class in military history. Upon graduation in June 1965, Clarke received a commission as a second lieutenant in the cavalry.
Clarke holds a master of arts degree from the University of California, Los Angeles. He is a graduate of the Command and General Staff College and the National War College. Clarke was a member of MIT's Center for International Studies' Seminar II.
The Battle of Khe Sanh.
In January 2013, Clarke used his "Examiner" column to recount his experiences at Khe Sanh and pay tribute to all those who fought there. What follows is the text of that article:
In Expendable Warriors: The Battle of Khe Sanh and the Vietnam War I argue that the US won the battle of Khe Sanh and lost the war at the very same time. There was a battle fought in Khe Sanh village on 21 and 22 January 1968 that very few people know about. Every military historian knows of the artillery barrages and the trenches that were the siege of the Khe Sanh Combat Base (KSCB), but what has been called the biggest ground battle of Khe Sanh took place when at 5 AM on 21 January 1968 the 66th Regiment, 304th North Vietnamese Army (NVA) Division launched an attack against the Huong Hoa District Headquarters in Khe Sanh Village (about 4 km south of the Khe Sanh Combat Base).
The ensuing fight pitted a mixed force of five different groups (175 men) inside the compound against 2000 men of the NVA force—the little band of warriors included:
The attack was from three directions with the main effort coming from the southwest against the RF Company. The weather was extremely poor with very heavy fog. The initial enemy assault was beaten off by the courageous efforts of the RF Company and by almost constant barrages of artillery using variable time fused rounds. Alter the initial assault was broken, the enemy simply backed off and using the positions he had already prepared, attempted to destroy the key bunkers by recoilless rifle and rocket propelled grenade fire. Simultaneously it moved into Khe Sanh village and setup mortars with which they attempted to shell the compound. At this time the police station was still communicating with the District Headquarters and made it possible to put effective fire on the enemy moving into the village. For the next four hours there were constant attacks or probes against the compound which were beaten off by the valiant efforts of Bru (Montagnard) PFs and the Vietnamese RFs working as a coordinated team and reinforced by the CAP Marines, which SGT Balanco moved to meet the threat.
At about 1130 the fog burned off, during the next five hours there were three attempts to resupply the beleaguered garrison, which was in dire straits for ammunition. All during the afternoon CPT Ward Britt, an Air Force FAC, working out of Quang Tri put in numerous air strikes on the massed NVA who were trying to reorganize. On one of these airstrikes he put in two fighters on 100 NVA in the open and after it was over he could not see any movement, just bodies.
The night of 21 January the NVA were unable to make an attack and only sniped throughout the night. Captains Nhi and Clarke collaborated continually and estimated where the NVA would withdraw to. A B-52 strike was requested and it was later learned that the strike had hit the Regiment,
The next morning the evacuation of District Headquarters was ordered after Colonel David Lownds, the commander of the 26th Marine Regiment, ordered the evacuation of the Marines from the garrison and denied further artillery support—over 1200 rounds had been fired in the last 24 hours in support of the District Headquarters defense. The Marines and the wounded were evacuated by air. CPT Clarke and SFC King, two of the advisors, accompanied the District Forces who, using an unknown route, successfully escaped from the District Headquarters.
That afternoon CPT Clarke accompanied a Special Forces strike team that conducted a heliborne raid back into the District Headquarters to destroy everything that the District Forces had left behind and to evacuate the over 150 weapons that the District Forces had captured.
The District government, forces, and advisors spent the next two and a half months in exile at the Khe Sanh Combat Base where they dodged artillery rounds, took part in the defense of the Combat Base, and operated an intelligence net.
The siege of KSCB lasted for 76 more days. During that time the ”agony of Khe Sanh” played on the front pages and news reports on Main Street thought out the country. The result was that while the battle of Khe Sanh was won (two NVA divisions were rendered combat ineffective) but the public relations battle and thus the war was lost.
Army career.
Following Ranger and Airborne Schools, Clarke commanded a 160-man airborne cavalry troop in Germany. From there he deployed to Vietnam first as an assistant district advisor and then as a district advisor. Clarke fought in the Battle of Khe Sanh and later participated in both the planning for and retaking of the combat base. In 2007, Clarke wrote about his experiences in "Expendable Warriors" from Praeger Security International.
Returning from Vietnam, and recently married, Clarke moved to Los Angeles to attend the University of California, Los Angeles where he earned a master of arts degree. Because of a shortage of officers, Clarke was forced to leave UCLA before finishing his PhD for a teaching post in the Department of Social Sciences at West Point. Among his students at West Point was David H. Petraeus. Clarke next attended the Command and General Staff College at Ft. Leavenworth, Kansas and then moved up through a variety of positions within the 1st Infantry Division at Ft. Riley, Kansas.
In 1979, Clarke was tapped to join the Army Staff in the Office of the Deputy Chief of Staff for Operations and Plans in the Political-Military Division under future Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman General John Shalikashvili, who had served on the same MACV advisory team in Vietnam. One of his first assignments was as a member of the Reagan-Carter presidential transition team. Clarke also worked on the ABM Treaty. In early 1982, he left the Pentagon to take command of the 2nd Squadron, 11th Armored Cavalry Regiment in Bad Kissingen, Germany. Clarke and his troopers were responsible for over 150-km of the East-West German border in the Fulda Gap. During this period, the Squadron fielded both the M1 Abrams main battle tank and the M2 Bradley fighting vehicle.
Next, Clarke attended the National War College graduating with the class of 1985. From there he joined the Arms Control and Disarmament Agency inside the State Department working for Ambassador Ken Adelman. Clarke served as the senior military officer in arms control negotiations with the Soviet Union. After his first year at the State Department he was selected for brigade command but the busy pace of Soviet-American negotiations caused his assignment to be extended one year beyond the normal two year posting. In his three years at the State Department, he regularly shuttled between negotiations in Washington and Geneva. This period include three summit meetings between President Ronald Reagan and Soviet premier Mikhail Gorbachev: the November 1985 Geneva Summit, the October 1986 Reykjavík Summit and the December 1987 Washington summit where the Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty was signed.
In 1988, Clarke returned to the uniformed Army as commander of the 2nd Brigade, 1st Infantry Division at Ft. Riley, Kansas. The brigade was composed of 2-16 Infantry Battalion, 3-37 Armor Battalion, and 4-37 Armor Battalion, plus supporting units and a battalion from the Minnesota National Guard. Clarke's training of the Dagger Brigade for desert combat would prove fortuitous as days after giving up command in 1990 to Colonel Tony Moreno, Iraqi forces overran Kuwait. The 2nd Brigade eventually helped lead the ground invasion during Operation Desert Storm capturing Safwan, the site of the cease fire talks between General Norman Schwarzkopf and Iraqi commanders. In recognition of his service to the armor community, in 1990 Clarke was inducted into the Order of Saint George, one of the U.S. Armor Association's highest honors. That same year, Kansas Governor Mike Hayden named Clarke an "honorary Kansan" apparently unaware that Clarke was a lifelong Kansan.
Clarke's final posting was as Director of National Security Studies at the U.S. Army War College in Carlisle, Pennsylvania. While at the Army War College he published extensively on military modernization and helped shape the work on conflict termination studies. In late-1992 this work was put to the test when, following President George H. W. Bush's deployment of forces to Somalia for Operation Restore Hope, Clarke led a team to consult with the Joint Chiefs of Staff on building an exit strategy. The military and political bureaucracies rejected their advice and failed to establish a coherent policy to guide the withdrawal of forces. The U.S. was further drawn into the conflict before President Bill Clinton pulled troops out after the Battle of Mogadishu and the Blackhawk down incident. Clinton and his Secretary of Defense Leslie Aspin were roundly criticized for also failing to establish an exit strategy. For his work at the Army War College, Clarke was awarded the General Dwight D. Eisenhower Chair in National Security in 1994. In 1995, following 30-years on active duty, Clarke retired. Army Chief of Staff General Gordon R. Sullivan presided over the ceremony and awarded Clarke the Legion of Merit.
Post-Army career.
Following his retirement from the Army, Clarke was the Training Manager at the Royal Saudi Land Forces Armored Institute in Tabuk, Saudi Arabia training Saudi armor officers and soldiers on the M1A2 main battle tank. After the Gulf War, the Saudis purchased 315 M1 tanks, enough to outfit a full armored division (or two mechanized infantry divisions). In 1998 Clarke returned to the U.S. and joined QuVis, a start-up technology company, where he helped them develop their military and government business.
In 2000, Clarke founded Bruce Clarke Consultants, Inc. to work with defense contractors on technology integration issues. Since 2005 he has also served as an advisor to Rockhill Partners, a venture capital partnership. His work on defense issues, national security strategy and knowledge of the Middle East has led to his advising at least two members of the U.S. Senate. He also drew upon his experience during the Carter-Reagan presidential transition as a paid advisor to incoming Kansas Governor Bill Graves.
Publications.
Clarke is the author of "Expendable Warriors" (Praeger Security International, 2007) with a foreword by former Joint Chiefs Chairman General John Vessey. The book is set to be released in paperback in April 2009 by Stackpole Books. He is also the author of "Conflict Termination: A Rational Model" (Strategic Studies Institute, U.S. Army War College, 1992). He was a contributor to "Managing Contemporary Conflict: Pillars of Success" edited by Max G. Manwaring and William J. Olson (Westview Press, 1996) and "Maneuver Warfare Anthology", edited by Richard D. Hooker, Jr. (The Presidio Press, 1993).
In addition to a regular column for the Examiner he began writing in July 2009, Clarke has authored numerous publications for military audiences having been published in the "Army Times", "Armor", the "Joint Forces Journal", "Military Review", "Infantry", "Field Artillery" and the "Journal of Conflict and Terrorism". Clarke has also been published in the "Washington Post", the "Baltimore Sun", and "The Topeka Capital-Journal".

</doc>
<doc id="18535854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18535854" title="Alikhan">
Alikhan

Alikhan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18535862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18535862" title="1998 RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards">
1998 RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards

The 1998 RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards (Chinese: 1998年度十大中文金曲得獎) was held in 1998 for the 1997 music season.
Top 10 song awards.
The top 10 songs (十大中文金曲) of 1998 are as follows.

</doc>
<doc id="18535868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18535868" title="Germans in the American Revolution">
Germans in the American Revolution

Ethnic Germans served on both sides of the American Revolutionary War. Many supported the Loyalist cause and served as allies of Great Britain, whose King George III was also the Elector of Hanover. Other Germans came to assist the rebelling American patriots, but most of the Germans who were patriots were colonists.
Allies of Great Britain.
During the American Revolution, there were many German states loosely unified under the Holy Roman Empire. Many of these German states were officially Protestant, making them traditional allies of other Protestant nations, such as the United Kingdom of Great Britain, whose king, George III, was also the Prince-elector of Hanover. King George III came from an ethnic German line, and was the first of the House of Hanover to speak English as his first language. Great Britain formed strong German alliances during the Diplomatic Revolution of 1756, and had combined forces with Frederick the Great during the Seven Years' War to form a coalition that functioned as one Army. When the British colonies in America rebelled a decade later, several German states contracted for the temporary loan of German soldiers to the British Army. Although the leasing of German soldiers to a foreign power was controversial to some Europeans, the German people generally took great pride in their soldiers' service in the war. In some instances, Germans even enlisted directly into British units, such as the 60th Regiment of Foot.
Americans were alarmed at the arrival of German troops on American soil, viewing it as a betrayal by King George III. Several American congressmen declared they would be willing to declare independence if King George used German soldiers. German soldiers provided American patriots with a propaganda tool; they were derogatorily called "mercenaries," and were referred as such in the Declaration of Independence: 
Despite American propaganda, contemporary writers suggested that German soldiers were well respected and well cared for, both by Americans and British. At the conclusion of the war, Congress offered incentives for German soldiers to stay in the United States. Great Britain also offered land and tax incentives for German soldiers willing to settle in Nova Scotia.
Hessen-Kassel.
The Landgraviate of Hessen-Kassel, under Frederick II, uncle to King George III, initially provided over 12,000 soldiers to fight in the Americas. Like their British allies, the Hessians had some difficulty acclimating to North America; the first troops to arrive suffered from widespread illness, and forced a delay in the attack on Long Island. From 1776 on, Hessian soldiers were incorporated into the British Army serving in North America, and they fought in most of the major battles, including those of New York and New Jersey campaign, the Battle of Germantown, the Siege of Charleston, and the final Siege of Yorktown, where about 1,300 Germans were taken prisoner, although various reports indicate that the Germans were in better spirits than their British counterparts.
It has been estimated that Hessen-Kassel contributed over 16,000 troops during the course of the Revolutionary War, of whom 6,500 did not return. Hessian officer (later General) Adam Ludwig Ochs estimated that 1,800 Hessian soldiers were killed, but many in the Hessian army intended on staying in America, and remained after the war. Because the majority of German troops came from Hessen, Americans sometimes refer to all German troops generically as "Hessians". Hessen-Kassel signed a treaty of alliance with Great Britain to supply fifteen regiments, four grenadier battalions, two jäger companies, and three companies of artillery. The jägers in particular were carefully recruited and well paid, well clothed, and free from manual labor. These jägers proved essential in the "Indian style" warfare in America, and Great Britain signed a new treaty in December 1777 in which Hesse-Cassel agreed to increase their number from 260 to 1,066.
German armies could not quickly replace men lost on the other side of the Atlantic, so the Hessians recruited African-Americans as servants and soldiers. There were 115 black soldiers serving with Hessian units, most of them as drummers or fifers.
Perhaps the best-known officer from Hessen-Kassel is General Wilhelm von Knyphausen, who commanded his troops in several major battles. Other notable officers include Colonel Carl von Donop (mortally wounded at the Battle of Red Bank in 1777) and Colonel Johann Rall, who was mortally wounded at the Battle of Trenton in 1776. Rall's regiment was captured, and many of the soldiers were sent to Pennsylvania to work on farms.
Hessen-Hanau.
Hesse-Hanau was a semi-independent appendage of Hesse-Kassel, governed by the Protestant Hereditary Landgrave William, eldest son of the Catholic Frederick II of Hesse-Kassel. When William received news of the Battle of Bunker Hill in 1775, he unconditionally offered a regiment to King George III. During the course of the war, Hanau provided 2,422 troops; only 1,441 returned in 1783. A significant number of Hessian soldiers were volunteers from Hanau, who had enlisted with the intent of staying in the Americas when the war was over.
Colonel Wilhelm von Gall is one well-known officer from Hesse-Hanau; he commanded a regiment from Hanau under General John Burgoyne. Among the units sent to North America were one battalion of infantry, a battalion of jägers, a battalion of irregular infantry known as a Frei-Corps, and a company of artillery.
Braunschweig-Wolfenbüttel ("Brunswick").
Braunschweig-Lüneburg, or Brunswick(-Lüneburg), was a duchy divided into sub-districts, one of which was ruled by George III. Duke Karl I of Brunswick-Bevern was Duke of Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel; his son and heir, Charles William Ferdinand, was married to Princess Augusta of Great Britain, the sister of George III. The territory, called a "Duchy," was a principality of the Holy Roman Empire.
In 1775 Charles William Ferdinand ("Prince Carl") told King George III that Braunschweig had soldiers who could be used to help put down the rebellion in the Americas. Braunschweig was the first German state to sign a treaty supporting Great Britain, on 9 January 1776. It agreed to send 4,000 soldiers: four infantry regiments, one grenadier battalion, one dragoon regiment and one light infantry battalion. The Brunswick treaty provided that all troops would be paid in German Thalers – including two months' advance pay, but required that all troops take an oath of service to King George III. A controversial clause in the agreement stipulated that Charles I would be paid ₤7 4s to replace each Brunswick soldier killed in battle- with three wounded men equal to one dead man; Charles, however, would pay to replace any deserters or any soldier who fell sick with anything other than an "uncommon contagious malady."
Duke Karl I provided Great Britain with 4,000 foot soldiers and 350 heavy dragoons (dismounted) under Lt-Colonel Friedrich Baum, all commanded by General Friedrich Adolf Riedesel. These soldiers were the majority of the German regulars under General John Burgoyne in the Saratoga campaign of 1777, and were generally referred to as "Brunswickers." The combined forces from Braunschwieg and Hesse-Hanau accounted for nearly half of Burgoyne's army, and the Brunswickers were known for being especially well-trained. Riedesel's Braunschweig troops made a notable entry in the Battle of Hubbardton, singing a Lutheran hymn while making a bayonet charge against the American right flank, which may have saved the collapsing British line. Riedesel's wife, Friederike, traveled with her husband and kept a journal, which remains an important primary account of the Saratoga campaign. After Burgoyne's surrender, 2,431 Brunswickers were detained as part of the Convention Army until the end of the war.
Braunschweig sent 5,723 troops to North America, of whom 3,015 did not return to Germany in the autumn of 1783. Some losses were to death or desertion, but many Brunswickers became familiar with America during their stay as the Convention Army, and when the war ended, they were granted permission to stay by both Congress and their officers. Many had taken the opportunity to desert as the Convention Army was twice marched through Pennsylvania German settlements in eastern Pennsylvania. As the duke received compensation from the British for every one of his soldiers killed in America, it was in his best interest to report the deserters as dead, whenever possible. The Duke of Brunswick even offered six months' pay to soldiers who remained or returned to America.
Ansbach-Bayreuth.
The dual Magraviates of Brandenburg-Ansbach and Brandenburg-Bayreuth, under Margrave Charles Alexander, initially contributed 1,644 men to the war in two battalions of infantry, one company of jägers and a company of artillery, of whom 461 did not return. A total of 2,353 soldiers were sent from Ansbach-Bayreuth, including an entire regiment of jägers. These troops were incorporated into Howe's army in New York, and were part of the Philadelphia campaign. Ansbach-Bayreuth troops were also with General Cornwallis at the Siege of Yorktown, with a force of nearly 1,100 troops.
The Ansbach and Bayreuth regiments are remembered for a mutiny that occurred in Ochsenfurt. The soldiers were loaded onto boats on the Main River, but could not cross the bridge, which the Bishop of Würzburg, Adam Friedrich von Seinsheim, refused to open. In addition, the soldiers were forced to stand through the night in the over-crowded boats. In the morning, 8 March 1777 some Ansbach soldiers managed to get to the bank of the river, and pulled the other boats to land. Wine merchants from Ochsenfurt soon arrived and sold beverages to the soldiers. The officers tried to address their concerns, but some men deserted. Chasseurs were posted to keep men from deserting, and fired warning shots; the mutineers returned fire. When the Margrave of Ansbach received word of the riot, he rode through the night to get to Ochsenfurt. The Margrave convinced his soldiers to reboard the boats, and provided two additional boats to alleviate crowding. The Margrave sailed with them as far as Mainz, where he succeeded in getting a bridge opened in that city, without the consent of the Elector, Friedrich Karl Joseph von Erthal.
The Margrave of Ansbach-Bayreuth was deeply in debt when the war broke out, and received more than £100,000 for the use of his soldiers. In 1791 he sold both Ansbach and Bayreuth to Prussia and lived the rest of his life in England on a Prussian pension.
Waldeck.
Waldeck had made a treaty to support Great Britain in London on 20 April 1776. Prince Friedrich Karl August of Waldeck kept three regiments ready for paid foreign service. The first of these regiments, 684 troops and officers, sailed from Portsmouth in July 1776, and participated in the New York campaign. During the campaign the Waldeck regiment captured wine and spirits belonging to American General Lee, and were embittered towards British General Howe when he made them empty the bottles by the roadside.
The Waldeck troops were integrated into the German auxiliaries under Hessian General Wilhelm von Knyphausen. Waldeck contributed 1,225 men to the war, and lost 720.
Electorate of Brunswick-Lüneburg ("Hanover").
Five battalions of troops of the Electorate of Brunswick-Lüneburg, whose Elector was none other than British King George III, were sent to Gibraltar and Minorca to relieve the British soldiers stationed there, who could then be sent to fight in America. This was not ordered by King George, but was part of a treaty authorized by Parliament with Hanover, in which Great Britain agreed to pay the wartime expenses and protect German allies. These Hanoverian soldiers were defenders during the Great Siege of Gibraltar, the largest and longest battle of the war, and in the defense of Minorca. Late in the war, two regiments from Hanover were sent to India, where they served under British command in the Siege of Cuddalore against a combined French and Mysorean defense.
Anhalt-Zerbst.
The Prince of Anhalt-Zerbst, Frederick Augustus signed a treaty to provide Great Britain with 1,160 men in 1777. The Regiment of two battalions was raised in five months, and consisted of 900 new recruits. One battalion of 600–700 men arrived at Canada in May 1778 to guard Quebec City. The other, consisting of some 500 "Pandours" (irregular soldiers recruited from Slavic lands within the Austrian Empire) was sent in 1780 to garrison British-occupied New York City. Whether these troops could function as irregular light infantry has been much debated, although they were described by contemporary accounts as Pandours.
Congressional Allies.
German Americans.
German immigration to the British colonies began soon after English colonists founded Jamestown. In 1690 German colonials built the first paper mill in North America, and the Bible was printed in America in German before it was printed in English. By the mid-18th century, approximately 10% of the colonial American population spoke German. Germans were easily the largest non-British European minority in British North America, but their assimilation and Anglicisation varied greatly.
During the French and Indian War, Great Britain utilized the large German population in North America by forming the Royal American Regiment, whose enlisted men were principally German colonists. The regiment's first commander was General Henry Bouquet, a Swiss native. The regiment would later be commanded by General Howe. Other Germans came to North America during the French and Indian War, including Frederick, Baron de Weissenfels, who settled in New York State as a British officer. When the Revolutionary War began, Weissenfels deserted the British forces and served with the rebellion from 1775 until the end of the war, obtaining a Congressional commission as a Lieutenant Colonel.
As with other ethnic groups in the British colonies, German-speaking colonists were divided, supporting both the Patriot and Loyalist causes. German loyalists fought in their local militias, and some returned to Germany in exile following the war. New York had a notably large German population during the war. Other colonies formed German regiments, or filled the ranks of local militias with German Americans. German colonists in Charleston, South Carolina, formed a fusilier company in 1775, and some Germans in Georgia enlisted under General Anthony Wayne.
German colonists are most remembered in Pennsylvania, partly due to friendlier naturalization terms for immigrants, and also because the German soldiers in Pennsylvania stand in contrast to the large, pacifist Quaker population in Pennsylvania. Brothers Peter and Frederick Muhlenberg, for example, were first-generation Pennsylvanians.
Provost Corps.
Pennsylvania Germans were recruited for the American Provost corps under Captain Bartholomew von Heer, a Prussian officer who had immigrated to Reading, Pennsylvania, prior to the war. During the Revolutionary War the "Marechaussee" Corps were utilized in a variety of ways, including intelligence gathering, route security, enemy prisoner of war operations, and even combat during the Battle of Springfield. The Corps also provided security for Washington's headquarters during the Battle of Yorktown.
German Regiment.
On 25 May 1776, the Second Continental Congress authorized the 8th Maryland Regiment (aka the "German Regiment") to be formed as part of the Continental Army. Unlike most continental line units, it drew from multiple states, initially comprising eight companies: four from Maryland and four (later five) from Pennsylvania. Nicholas Haussegger, a major under General Anthony Wayne, was commissioned as the Colonel. John Adams hoped the German Regiment would free "natives of the country who were needed for Agriculture, Manufactures, and Commerce." The regiment saw service at the Battle of Trenton and the Battle of Princeton, and took part in campaigns against American Indians. The regiment was disbanded 1 January 1781.
Europeans.
European Germans also came to the United States as allied soldiers. Some Germans came to the United States under the French flag. Johann de Kalb was a Bavarian who served in the armies of France before receiving a commission as a general in the Continental Army. France had eight German-speaking regiments with over 2,500 soldiers. The famous Lauzun's Legion included both French and German soldiers, and was commanded in German. There were also German soldiers and officers in the French Royal Deux-Ponts Regiment.
Other Germans came to the United States to utilize their military training. Frederick William, Baron de Woedtke, for example, was a Prussian officer who obtained a Congressional commission early in the war; he died in New York in 1776. Gustave Rosenthal was an ethnic German from Estonia who became an officer in the Continental Army. He returned to Estonia after the war, but other German soldiers, such as David Ziegler, chose to stay and become citizens in the nation they had helped found.
Perhaps the most well-known German to support the Patriot cause was Friedrich Wilhelm von Steuben from Prussia, who came to America independently, through France, and served under George Washington as inspector general. General von Steuben is credited with training the Continental Army at Valley Forge, and he later wrote the first drill manual for the United States Army. In June 1780 he was given command of the advance guard in the defense of Morristown, New Jersey from General Knyphausen – a battle briefly led by two opposing German generals.
Von Steuben's native Prussia joined the League of Armed Neutrality, and Frederick II of Prussia was well appreciated in the United States for his support early in the war. He expressed interest in opening trade with the United States and bypassing English ports, and allowed an American agent to buy arms in Prussia. Frederick predicted American success, and promised to recognize the United States and American diplomats once France did the same. Prussia also interfered in the recruiting efforts of Russia and neighboring German states when they raised armies to send to the Americas, and Frederick II forbade enlistment for the American war within Prussia. All Prussian roads were denied to troops from Anhalt-Zerbst, which delayed reinforcements that Howe had hoped to receive during the winter of 1777–1778.
However, when the War of the Bavarian Succession erupted, Frederick II became much more cautious with Prussian/British relations. US ships were denied access to Prussian ports, and Frederick refused to officially recognize the United States until they had signed the Treaty of Paris. Even after the war, Frederick II predicted that the United States was too large to operate as a republic, and that it would soon rejoin the British Empire with representatives in Parliament.

</doc>
<doc id="18535873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18535873" title="Raymonda Variations">
Raymonda Variations

Raymonda Variations is a ballet made by New York City Ballet co-founder and balletmaster George Balanchine to excerpts from the first act of Glazunov's "Raymonda" (1895-97). The premiere took place on December 7, 1961, at City Center of Music and Drama, New York, under the title "Valses et Variations". Balanchine and Alexandra Danilova had mounted a full-length production of "Raymonda" for the Ballet Russe de Monte Carlo in 1946.

</doc>
<doc id="18535895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18535895" title="John A. Poindexter">
John A. Poindexter

John A. Poindexter (October 12, 1825 – April 14, 1869) was a colonel in the Confederate Army during the American Civil War. He and Joseph C. Porter were the primary recruiting commanders in northern Missouri during 1862.
Early life and career.
Poindexter was born in Montgomery County, Kentucky, to David and Elizabeth (Watts) Poindexter. He married twice, first to Melissa, who died young, and then to Martha K. Hayes in 1857. The 1860 census lists him as a prosperous merchant in Scott County, Kentucky.
Civil War.
Living in Missouri when the Civil War, Poindexter was commissioned in June 1861 as captain of Company A, 1st Cavalry Regiment, 3rd Division of the Missouri State Guard. He and his men stopped a train in August, seizing federal money. He served at the Siege of Lexington in command of several independent companies. Following the battle he was elected colonel of the 5th Infantry Regiment, Third Division of the Missouri State Guard on September 24, 1861. While recruiting in Howard County, Missouri Poindexter and his regiment were surprised and defeated on January 7, 1862, at the Battle of Roan's Tan Yard, scattering his command.
Poindexter commanded of a consolidated remnant of the 4th and 5th Cavalry regiments of the Missouri State Guard at the Battle of Pea Ridge, where he was slightly wounded. Following the Confederate defeat, Poindexter resumed recruiting in North Missouri, while Porter recruited in Northeastern Missouri. Poindexter gained recruits, but thereafter was not very successful. After Odon Guitar struck a blow against Porter at Moore's Mill, he turned his attention to Poindexter. In August, Guitar's forces overran and completely scattered Poindexter's green recruits at the Battle of Compton's Ferry and a subsequent fight at the Battle of Yellow Creek. Seriously wounded, Poindexter was captured on September 1. He would never again serve the Confederacy.
Post-capture and death.
Following his capture, Poindexter was held while Union authorities considered trying and executing him as a guerrilla either by military tribunal or in a civilian court. 
SAINT LOUIS, MO., September 9, 1862.
I think Poindexter had better be tried by military commission. I believe I can secure the execution of a sentence.
Brigadier-General.
Trans-Mississippi commander Thomas C. Hindman attempted to intervene pointing out that Poindexter was a CSA officer. James Totten replied:
However, Poindexter eventually publicly disavowed guerrilla warfare and was paroled to his home for the remainder of the war under a bond of $10,000. 
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,
Saint Louis, Mo., June 15, 1864.
Saint Joseph, Mo.:
I have seen Poindexter, of Randolph, who is under bonds, and written him a note to use his influence in favor of law and order among the rebel sympathizers. Keep the secret and give needful orders to secure him from molestation or outrage. He will do good.
W. S. ROSECRANS,
Major-General.
During August, 1864, Poindexter was forced to leave his home fearing both the wrath of Unionists who considered him a bushwacker and Southern sympathizers who considered him a traitor. He sought the protection of Union authorities from both threats. 
His health never recovered from his earlier wounds and imprisonment and he died April 14, 1869. He is interred at Antioch Cemetery near Moberly, Missouri.

</doc>
<doc id="18535918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18535918" title="Vĩnh Lộc">
Vĩnh Lộc

Vĩnh Lộc may refer to several places in Vietnam:

</doc>
<doc id="18535924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18535924" title="Yên Định">
Yên Định

Yên Định may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18535927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18535927" title="Miroslava Najdanovski">
Miroslava Najdanovski

Miroslava Najdanovski (Serbian Cyrillic: Мирослава Најдановски) (born January 10, 1988 in Zrenjanin, SR Serbia, SFR Yugoslavia) is a 3-time Serbian Olympic swimmer. 
Najdanovski represented Serbia and Montenegro at the 2004 Summer Olympics. At only 16 years of age, she was the youngest member of the Serbo-Montenegrin delegation and also one of the youngest athletes to compete at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece. She participated in one single event - the Women's 50 metre freestyle, in which she took 43rd place overall among 75 competitors with a time of 27.18. 
She represented Serbia at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, People's Republic of China. Najdanovski gained her qualification at the 2007 World Aquatics Championships in Melbourne, Australia. She took 36th place in the Women's 100 m freestyle with a time of 57.11. Later the same year, she competed at a national cup in Belgrade and qualified to the Women's 50 m freestyle as well, thanks to a time of 26.03. She will thus compete in two events.
She competed in the women's 50m freestyle at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, finishing with a time of 26.46 seconds in 42nd place in the heats.

</doc>
<doc id="18535937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18535937" title="L'Ami du peuple (Canadian newspaper)">
L'Ami du peuple (Canadian newspaper)

"L'Ami du peuple" was a French language weekly newspaper, published in Sudbury, Ontario from 1942 to 1968. The newspaper covered local and national news, and discussed labour union and other issues of interest to Franco-Ontarians in the Sudbury area.
Following the newspaper's demise, the new community newspaper "Le Voyageur" was launched the same year.
An archive of most of the newspaper's issues is now maintained by Simon Fraser University's Multicultural Canada collection.

</doc>
<doc id="18535946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18535946" title="United States House of Representatives elections in Hawaii, 2008">
United States House of Representatives elections in Hawaii, 2008

The 2008 congressional elections in Hawaii were held on November 4, 2008 to determine who was to represent the state of Hawaii in the United States House of Representatives for the 111th Congress from January 3, 2009, until their terms of office expire on January 3, 2011. Incumbent Neil Abercrombie (D) was reelected in Hawaii's 1st congressional district. Incumbent Mazie Hirono (D) was reelected in Hawaii's 2nd congressional district.
Hawaii has two seats in the House, apportioned according to the 2000 United States Census. Representatives are elected for two-year terms. The election coincided with the 2008 U.S. presidential election.
District 1.
This district has been represented by Democrat Neil Abercrombie since 1991. He ran against Republican Steve Tataii and Libertarian Li Zhao. CQ Politics forecasted the race as "Safe Democrat". 
District 2.
This district has been represented by Democrat Mazie Hirono since 2007. She ran against Republican Roger B. Evans, Independent Shaun Stenshol, and Libertarian Jeff Mallan. CQ Politics forecasted the race as "Safe Democrat".

</doc>
<doc id="18535955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18535955" title="Ot de Montcada">
Ot de Montcada

Ot de Montcada was an early Catalan troubadour with no surviving work. Ot's work is known only from a reference in a "sirventes" of Guillem of Berguedan around 1175. By then he was considered old and out-dated. Guillem wrote his lyrics to the melody composed by Ot, who wrote it before the stone bell tower at Vic was erected:
It is possible that Ot was active before 1038, since in that year the cathedral of Vic was consecrated; it was considered aged in the mid-twelfth. This dating is uncertain, however, since Guillem may have meant no more than that Ot was very old. 

</doc>
<doc id="18535966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18535966" title="Stephen Payne (lobbyist)">
Stephen Payne (lobbyist)

Stephen Prentiss Payne (born May 8, 1964) is an American lobbyist from Houston, Texas. He has also served as a governmental, energy, international affairs, and international business development consultant, corporate and political adviser, foreign diplomat, businessman, fundraiser, and former adviser (June 2007 to July 2008) to two of the United States Department of Homeland Security's Advisory Committees—the Secure
Borders and Open Doors Advisory Committee (SBODAC) and the Essential Technology Task Force (ETTF), in connection with which he held a U.S. security clearance. 
In July 2008 he attracted international attention after being secretly videotaped discussing a $750,000 lobbying contract offering access to senior U.S. officials and suggesting a $250,000 donation to the future presidential library of U.S. president George W. Bush.
Early life.
Payne is the son of Jerry and Marianne Payne, in Houston, Texas. He studied Political Science at Stephen F. Austin State University (1982 to 1987). His father Jerry is a lawyer and was a longtime adviser of the state senator J. E. "Buster" Brown.
Professional and business activities.
Payne is the president of the consulting firm Payne Consulting, which he founded in 1996; president of Worldwide Strategic Partners (an international relations, international business development, and energy development firm); president of Worldwide Strategic Energy (a sister company to Worldwide Strategic Partners, which has a subsidiary called Caspian Alliance Inc.); co-founder of Alliance & Co. (an international investment advisory and asset management firm), founder and managing partner of the investment firm Envion Worldwide, and 
Strategic Limited Partner for the global investment firm MSH Ventures.
Payne's clients have included JPMorgan Chase, Morgan Stanley, United Space Alliance, SAP Software, Nextel Communications, Continental Airlines, Yukos Oil, Boeing, Lockheed Martin, and Nuclear Solutions, Inc. Payne also represented Itera, one of Russia's largest independent natural gas producers. 
In 2001, Payne served as Senior Advisor to the NASA Administrator on White House and Congressional Affairs.
International relations.
Payne has served as Honorary Consul General for the Republic of Latvia for the South central U.S. region (with headquarters in Houston) since 1999, and has served as an adviser to Latvian president Vaira Vike-Freiberga on political and economic issues. In 2004, President Freiberga awarded Payne Latvia's highest state honor, the Order of the Three Stars, for his work in helping Latvia become a NATO member. For the 2006 NATO Summit in Riga, Latvia, Payne was appointed by NATO to lead a think tank conference panel discussion on energy security and chair a NATO Future Leaders Forum bringing together up-and-coming leaders from 35 NATO member and partner countries. He has also served on the board of directors of the U.S.-Baltic Foundation, which promotes free markets in the Baltic States. 
After Sept 11, 2001, according to Pakistan's President Pervez Musharraf, Payne played a pivotal in U.S. Pakistan relations, serves on behalf of the Pakistan Lobby in the United States through a group called Team Eagle (also known as Team Barakat).</ref> Payne worked as a lobbyist for Pakistan to deliver a multibillion dollar U.S. aid package and to remove U.S. economic and military sanctions against Pakistan that had been in place for several years. Payne also helped Pakistan secure Major non-NATO ally status, which Pakistan received in 2004. Payne also helped to secure F-16s, C-130s and military helicopters for Pakistan. 
In April 2006, Payne helped arrange an official meeting between the Azerbaijani president Ilham Aliyev and U.S. president George W. Bush in April 2006, something the Azerbaijani president had been attempting for three years. 
He also assisted in having the Uzbek opposition politician Muhammad Salih's name removed from Interpol's arrest warrant list and from the U.S.'s terrorist watchlist. 
Payne also assisted Turkmenistan in assembling a consortium of nations and international firms to build a natural gas pipeline from Turkmenistan to Pakistan. Payne coordinated a trilateral summit between the Presidents of Turkmenistan, Afghanistan and Pakistan that produced a memorandum of understanding regarding the Turkmen/Afghan natural gas pipeline, restoring the project's viability after years of dormancy at the hands of the Taliban. 
He has also lobbied on behalf of the governments of Turkmenistan and the United Arab Emirates, and performed consulting in Iraq, which he has visited twice. He has also served on the board of the National Defense University Foundation. 
The lobbyist Randy Scheunemann has collaborated with Payne's firms on international matters since 2002, and Payne has also partnered in his various business ventures with Frank Carlucci, Michael S. Han, Ying Wang, and W. Dieter Zander.
In 2010, leading a public relations team, Payne assisted Alexi Ogando, now a starting pitcher for the Texas Rangers (baseball), in obtaining his U.S. visa. Ogando had been permanently banned from the U.S. in 2005 because of his involvement in a human trafficking ring.
In April 2011, Payne co-led a private, non-official U.S. diplomacy delegation to Libya, which included former U.S Congressman Curt Weldon, just after the February 17th uprising. Theirs was the first delegation visiting Tripoli to publicly call for Muammar Gaddafi to step down. According to a press release from Curt Weldon, their delegation was also working toward the release of Libyan rape victim, Iman al-Obeidi,and four captive journalists, including U.S. journalists Clare Gillis and James Foley.
Bush White House activities.
During the 1988 presidential campaign, Payne served as the travel aide to George W. Bush. 
Payne served The White House as a "senior presidential advance representative" to George W. Bush, traveling with him as a volunteer to Jordan for the Red Sea Summit in June 2003. Payne also traveled with Dick Cheney to the Middle East in 2002 and 2005, to South Korea in 2004, to Kazakhstan in 2006, and to Afghanistan for the inauguration of Hamid Karzai in December 2004. Payne was a part of a small team of Bush operatives, which included former White House Chief of Staff Andy Card, which assisted the 2000 campaign in coordinating the three presidential debates.
He has also been a Dubya Ranch Hand (2003), and was a Bush Ranger in 2004 and a Bush Pioneer in 2000 and 2004.
Other political activities.
He is a member of the Republican Party and has been active in various Republican causes since the late 1980s. He was a member of the staff of Kay Bailey Hutchison from 1993 to 1996 and served as State Vice Chairman of her 2000 and 2006 re-election campaigns. In the 1996 presidential election he worked on the Dole-Kemp campaign. He assisted with the 2004 Bush-Cheney campaign, the Senate campaign of Pete Coors for Senate, the Restore America PAC, the Rudolph Giuliani Presidential Committee (on the National Security Advisory Task Force), and the Tom DeLay Congressional Committee. 
According to Federal Election Commission records, since 1998 Payne has contributed more than $249,000 to Republican candidates and Republican Party committees.
Controversy.
In July 2008 Payne was secretly videotaped discussing a $750,000 lobbying contract and offering access to senior U.S. officials (including Dick Cheney, Condoleezza Rice, and Joe Biden) to the exiled Kazakhstani politician Yerzhan Dosmukhamedov (known as Eric Dos for short), and suggesting a $250,000 donation to the future George W. Bush Presidential Library. 
In the conversation, which was secretly taped by "The Sunday Times" at a meeting in the restaurant of The Lanesborough hotel in London, Dosmukhamedov claimed that the former Kyrgyz president Askar Akayev wished to rehabilitate his image and meet with the U.S. officials. Payne has claimed that he did nothing wrong, and stated that he was there to recruit a new legitimate lobbying client and that it was Dos who first raised the issue of a donation in his initial e-mail to Payne. "The Sunday Times" has released only 4 minutes and 31 seconds of the hour-long meeting and Payne claims that the unreleased portion of the video would show that he was at the meeting to solicit a lobbying client and that the release of the entire tape would dispel "The Sunday Times" version of the video where Payne claims his comments were edited and taken out of context. Payne was asked to resign from the Homeland Security Advisory Committees directly following the July 13, 2008 publication of the article. U.S. Representative Henry Waxman, on behalf of the United States House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, wrote a letter to Payne one day later, on July 14, 2008, requesting further details and background about this incident, and asked Payne to respond to his letter within ten days. Payne responded to the committee within ten days and Congress adjourned two months later without any further action from the House Committee.

</doc>
<doc id="18535977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18535977" title="Stephen Payne">
Stephen Payne

Stephen Payne is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="18535982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18535982" title="Karatag">
Karatag

Karatag may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18535993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18535993" title="List of Roman Catholic dioceses in Benin">
List of Roman Catholic dioceses in Benin

The Roman Catholic Church in Benin is composed of 2 ecclesiastical provinces and 8 suffragan dioceses. 

</doc>
<doc id="18536000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18536000" title="Corvos">
Corvos

Corvos is a Portuguese band. The word signifies "crows" in Portuguese.
Music.
Corvos is quite uncommon within the Portuguese music scene. It is constituted by four elements with classical music formation that play mostly rock songs. It mixes the instrumental elements to the compositions, their classical origins, rock, contemporary pop music and other musical genres.
Members.
It is a string quartet constituted by:
With the release of their fourth album, "The Jinx", Corvos included a drummer in its lineup.

</doc>
<doc id="18536001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18536001" title="PzF 44">
PzF 44

The PzF 44 2A1 (also called "Lanze", "Leichte Panzerfaust", or "Panzerfaust 2") is a recoilless anti-tank weapon.
History.
The anti-tank grenade launcher was originally developed around 1960 and put into service by the Bundeswehr shortly thereafter. It was developed to provide West German infantry with a modern replacement for the Bazooka that they had previously used. As such, it was the first German antitank rocket developed after World War II, a conflict in which German hand-held antitank weapons such as the Panzerfaust played a prominent role during 1944-45. The Lanze was a product of a period in which the German army was re-equipped with locally-developed arms and equipment and retired the aging U.S. gear that had formed their initial arsenal. The full designation name by the German Army is "Panzerfaust 44mm DM2 Ausführung 1 Lanze".
Specifications.
The Lanze's high explosive antitank (HEAT) DM-32 projectile could penetrate of rolled homogeneous armor and hit moving targets at a range of . The Lanze could also fire a multi-purpose warhead. Starting in 1992, the PzF 44 was replaced by the Panzerfaust 3.

</doc>
<doc id="18536010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18536010" title="Jules Moch (French Army officer)">
Jules Moch (French Army officer)

Jules Moch (Born at Sarrelouis August 14, 1829 - Died in Paris August 8, 1881) was a French officer. He was a colonel of the 130th. Regiment of Infantry.
On the completion of his classical studies at the lycée of Metz, he then entered the military school of Saint-Cyr in 1849, and was appointed sublieutenant of infantry in 1851.
From 1855-56, Moch took part in the campaigns in the crimea and from 1860-61 in Syria, as well as the occupation of Rome between 1867-67. In the Franco-Prussian War, 1870-71 he was given command of the 3rd. Regiment battalion, for which he had the mornful distinction of firing the last shots of the war, and took an honorable part of in his capture and escape during the battle of Sedan in September 1870
During the interval between the Crimean and Syrian campaigns, he was tutor-instructor at the school of Saint-Cyr. Later he would return as an examiner.
After the conclusion of the Franco-Prussian War, he would have published in various military journals a number of articles on the reorganization of the army. He was one of the co-founders and vice-president of the assembly of officers (known as the "Military Club"), many of French Jewish origin rising through the ranks of the French Army.
He was also the Father of French military officer, Gaston Moch and Grandfather of French statesman, Jules S. Moch.

</doc>
<doc id="18536014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18536014" title="List of Roman Catholic dioceses in Angola">
List of Roman Catholic dioceses in Angola

The Roman Catholic Church in Angola is composed of 3 ecclesiastical territories and 15 suffragan dioceses. Although being part of the Angolan Episcopal Conference the Diocese of São Tomé and Príncipe is immediately subject to the Holy See.

</doc>
<doc id="18536057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18536057" title="Ohlsdorf Cemetery">
Ohlsdorf Cemetery

Ohlsdorf Cemetery ( or (former) ') in the quarter ' of the city of Hamburg, Germany, is the biggest rural cemetery in the world and the second-largest cemetery in the world after Calverton National Cemetery in eastern Long Island. There are buried mainly civilians, but also war victims of different nations.
History and description.
In 1877 the Ohlsdorf Cemetery was established as a non-denominational and multi-regional burial site outside of Hamburg. 
The cemetery has an area of with 12 chapels, over 1.5 million burials in more than 280,000 burial sites and streets with a length of . There are 4 entrances for vehicles and public transport is provided with 25 bus stops of two bus lines of the Hamburger Verkehrsverbund. The cemetery is not only used as a burial ground, but also as a recreational area and tourist attraction. With its impressive mausoleums, rhododendron bushes, its ponds and birds, sculptures and funerary museum, about two million people from all over the world visit the cemetery every year.
About 40% of all burials in Hamburg take place here in Ohlsdorf Cemetery; in 2002 there were 1600 interments and 4300 urn burials. 230 gardeners take care of graves and all facilities.
Hamburg Commonwealth War Graves Commission Cemetery.
One of four permanent Commonwealth cemeteries in Germany, the Hamburg Commonwealth War Graves Commission Cemetery is located near chapel 12 (Kapelle 12) of the Ohlsdorf Cemetery.
During World War I over 400 Allied prisoners-of-war who died in German captivity were buried here in, as well as sailors whose bodies had been washed ashore the Frisian Islands. In 1923 the remains of British Commonwealth servicemen from 120 burial grounds in north-western Germany were brought to Hamburg. Further dead Commomwealth soldiers of World War II and of the post war period were buried here too.
Memorials for the victims of Nazism.
There are six memorial sites for the victims of the Nazi era, the "Monument for the Victims of Nazi Persecution" ('); the monument, "Passage over the River Styx" (') for the victims of the Hamburg firestorm; the "Memorial Grove for the Hamburg Resistance Fighters", which includes a memorial erected on the initiative of the Sophie Scholl Foundation, the "Ehrenfeld Hamburg Resistance Fighters"; the "Cemetery for Foreign Victims", erected in 1977 to honor the victims of Nazi concentration camps and forced labor; and the "" ("memory spiral") erected in 2001 in the "Garden of Women", as a memorial for the female victims and opponents of the Nazi regime. An additional memorial site was erected in 1951 at the nearby Jewish cemetery, Ilandkoppel, the "Monument for the Murdered Hamburg Jews".
Memorial for the victims of Nazi persecution.
The "Monument for the Victims of Nazi Persecution" lies across from the "new crematorium". Erected in 1949, it has a stele with a marble slab lying in front, engraved with the names of 25 concentration camps. The adjacent graveyard has 105 above-ground urns and 29 buried ones containing the ashes of victims and German concentration camp soil. This memorial evolved from what was established there during a week-long remembrance in November 1945.
Monument for the victims of the Hamburg firestorm.
The remains of some 38,000 victims of Operation Gomorrha, the bombing campaign that took place from July 24 to August 3, 1943, lie in a cross-shaped, landscaped mass grave. In 1952, a monument by Gerhard Marcks called "Passage over the River Styx" was erected in the middle of the site.
Memorial grove for the Hamburg Resistance fighters.
To the right of the main entrance on Bergstraße, is the memorial grove for the Resistance fighters from Hamburg, 1933–1945. Located here since September 8, 1946, this memorial is the burial site for 55 anti-fascists who were either executed by the Nazis or died in custody. A bronze sculpture, created in 1953 by Hamburg sculptor Richard Steffen (1903–1964), stands at the entrance to the grove. A stone wall borders the grove, on which are the words of the Czech Resistance fighter and journalist, Julius Fučík, executed in 1943, "Mankind, we loved you — be vigilant".
Cemetery museum.
Individuals with a strong interest in preserving the Ohlsdorf cemetery formed the ' (Society for the Promotion of the Ohlsdorf Cemetery), and opened the ' (Museum of the Ohlsdorf Cemetery). The museum is dedicated to raising public interest for the Ohlsdorf cemetery, and for promoting historical and contemporary funeral culture. The collection in the museum, on display since 1996, focuses mainly on the history of Hamburg's cemetery culture. Since the Ohlsdorfer cemetery was opened in 1877 as the first American-style park cemetery in Germany, it is of significant importance to the European cemetery culture. The museum has old maps and tools, as well as urns and some of the cemetery's oldest tombstones.
Notable burial sites.
Part of the cemetery are three plots of the Commonwealth War Graves Commission (CWGC), which were used as burial sites for British Commonwealth and Allied servicemen of both World Wars. There are more than 2473 identified casualties commemorated by the CWGC.
The following notable persons are buried in the cemetery:

</doc>
<doc id="18536062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18536062" title="Engineering drawing abbreviations and symbols">
Engineering drawing abbreviations and symbols

Engineering drawing abbreviations and symbols are used to communicate and detail the characteristics of an engineering drawing. This list includes abbreviations common to the vocabulary of people who work with engineering drawings in the manufacture and inspection of parts and assemblies. 
Technical standards exist to provide glossaries of abbreviations, acronyms, and symbols that may be found on engineering drawings. Many corporations have such standards, which define some terms and symbols specific to them; on the national and international level, ASME standard Y14.38 is probably the most widely used. 
"Jump to:"   0-9 • A • B • C • D • E • F • G • H • I • J • K • L • M • N • O • P • Q • R • S • T • U • V • W • X • Y • Z • see also
"Jump to:"   0-9 • A • B • C • D • E • F • G • H • I • J • K • L • M • N • O • P • Q • R • S • T • U • V • W • X • Y • Z • see also

</doc>
<doc id="18536065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18536065" title="Damir Mikec">
Damir Mikec

Damir Mikec (Serbian Cyrillic: Дамир Микец; born March 31, 1984 in Split, Croatia, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Serbian sport shooter.
Mikec represented Serbia at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, People's Republic of China. He earned his qualification by finishing 6th at the 2007 World Cup #1 Rifle, Pistol in Fort Benning, United States of America. In Beijing, Mikec reached the final in 50 metre pistol and finished 7th. In 10 metre air pistol he missed the final with a one point margin and finished 13th.
Mikec won a silver medal in 50 metre pistol at the 2009 ISSF World Cup in Munich.

</doc>
<doc id="18536101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18536101" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Tainan">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Tainan

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Tainan (Lat: "Dioecesis Tainanensis") is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in Taiwan.
Erected in March 1961, the diocese is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Taipei. The diocese has not undergone any jurisdictional changes.
The current bishop is Bosco Lin Chi-nan, appointed in January 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="18536138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18536138" title="Nevada Theatre">
Nevada Theatre

The Nevada Theatre, also known as the Cedar Theatre, located in downtown Nevada City, California, is California's oldest existing theater building. Its principal periods of significance were 1850-1874, 1875–1899, 1900–1924, and 1925-1949.
History.
After the three-story Bailey House Hotel, at Broad and Bridge Streets, burned down in 1863, the Nevada Theatre Association began fundraising for a new building. Stock was sold at $100 a share, and a ball was held June 1865 to cover the remaining costs for the rustic vernacular Victorian building. The building's architect, builder, and engineer are unknown. When the theater opened on September 9, 1865, the first performance was the John Poole two-act comedy entitled "The Dutch Governor, or "Twould Puzzle a Conjurer"". 
Silent films were screened as early as 1908, and the theater underwent a remodel in 1909, retrofitted as a movie house. A slanted floor and electric lights were added in 1915. By 1957, it closed because of a sluggish economy, but it was later purchased through public donations and reopened in 1968.
Building.
With over 200 seats, including balcony seating, the theater is in use year-round for both live performance and movies. It is wheelchair accessible.
The "backstage" area is located under the stage, and is painted baby-blue. It includes a small room with makeup mirrors.
Performers.
Notable past performers include Lotta Crabtree, Mötley Crüe, Jack London, Emma Nevada, Mark Twain, and The Second City comedy troupe.
Present day main users include:
Commissions.
The Nevada County Liberal Arts Commission was formed in the 1960s to purchase the building from United Artists. The Nevada Theatre Commission, a 501(c)(3) non-profit corporation, followed the first commission, and, with a Board of Directors, is the governing body of the Nevada Theatre. It owns, operates, restores and utilizes the theater. 
"To preserve and develop the historic Nevada Theatre and its other historic properties in order to provide the community with an accessible, usable and valuable cultural asset." (Mission Statement)
Landmark.
The theater is registered as California Historical Landmark No. 863, and was listed in the National Register of Historic Places on March 14, 1973. The landmark plaque states:
CALIFORNIA'S OLDEST EXISTING THEATRE BUILDING, THE NEVADA OPENED SEPTEMBER 9, 1865. CELEBRITIES SUCH AS MARK TWAIN, JACK LONDON, AND EMMA NEVADA HAVE APPEARED ON ITS STAGE. CLOSED IN 1957, THE THEATRE WAS LATER PURCHASED THROUGH PUBLIC DONATIONS AND REOPENED MAY 7, 1968 TO AGAIN SERVE THE CULTURAL NEEDS OF THE COMMUNITY.
CALIFORNIA REGISTERED HISTORICAL LANDMARK NO. 863
PLAQUE PLACED BY THE STATE DEPARTMENT OF PARKS AND RECREATION IN COOPERATION WITH THE HISTORICAL LANDMARKS AND LIBERAL ARTS COMMISSIONS OF NEVADA COUNTY, APRIL 27, 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="18536139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18536139" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Taichung">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Taichung

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Taichung (Lat: "Dioecesis Taichungensis") is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in Taiwan.
Originally erected as an Apostolic Prefecture of Taichung in 1950, the Prefecture was elevated to a full diocese in 1962. The diocese is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Taipei.
The current bishop is Martin Su Yao-wen, appointed in June 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18536153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18536153" title="Kazanchi">
Kazanchi

Kazanchi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18536166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18536166" title="Southern Oregon Raiders">
Southern Oregon Raiders

The Southern Oregon Raiders refers to the athletic teams of Southern Oregon University, located in Ashland, Oregon. The Raiders are a member of the Cascade Collegiate Conference for all sports excluding American football, wrestling and tennis. Southern Oregon's main rivalries are with the Western Oregon Wolves, the Eastern Oregon Mountaineers, and the OIT Owls.
History.
Southern Oregon University adopted the nickname "Red Raiders" for its sports teams in 1946. The name was in reference to the abundant Native American tribe that had existed in Southern Oregon. In 1980 "Red" was removed from the nickname, leaving Southern Oregon's teams to be referred to as "Raiders". The Red-Tailed Hawk was adopted in 1998 to appease campus groups calling for a mascot and still respecting the native American culture. The athletics logo of Southern Oregon has been through 7 editions, the most recent coming in 2011.
Championships.
National Championships.
Cross Country National (Mens) Champions 2010
Venues.
Raider Stadium.
Raider Stadium was built in 1983 and cost $1.55 million and is the home venue for Southern Oregon's American football and track and field teams. The stadium seats 4,000 with a covered grandstand on the west side of the field and risers on the east side. The field at the stadium, named Fuller Field after John Fuller, has been the home field of the Raider's football team since 1955. In 1999 the Meyer Fitness Center, which lies under the grandstand, was renovated to include a second floor, effectively doubling the floor space available for use.
McNeal Pavilion.
Completed in 1957, McNeal Pavilion plays host to both men's and women's basketball, women's volleyball and wrestling. The first of two changes to McNeal occurred in 1990 when the seating in the main arena was doubled to its present number of 1,400 during a complete building renovation. The second change, happening during 1998-99, involved resurfacing the gym floor and installing 550 new seat-backs for the seats on the east side of the gym. McNeal Pavilion also includes a swimming pool, racquetball courts, a rock climbing gym, and training rooms.
University Field.
Behind the scoreboard at Raider Stadium lies University Field. Used since 2000 for women's soccer, the field uses risers as its sole type of seating. According to Southern Oregon, there is a current plan to install a large scoreboard in the near future.
Softball Complex.
Softball Complex, formerly a baseball field, is a collection of three regulation fields with 500 seats at the main field. The complex has been used solely for softball, as the University does not play baseball, since the program was reinstated in 2000 after a 17-year hiatus.

</doc>
<doc id="18536170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18536170" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Kiayi">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Kiayi

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Kiayi (Lat: "Dioecesis Kiayiensis") is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in Taiwan.
Originally erected as an Apostolic Prefecture of Kiayi in 1952, the Prefecture was elevated to a full diocese in 1962. The diocese is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Taipei.
The current bishop is Thomas Chung An-zu, appointed in June 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18536216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18536216" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Kaohsiung">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Kaohsiung

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Kaohsiung (Lat: "Dioecesis Kaohsiungensis") is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in Taiwan.
The diocese has the distinction of being the first Catholic ecclesiastical territory erected on the island of Taiwan. Created as the Apostolic Prefecture of the Island of Formosa in 1913, the name was changed to the Apostolic Prefecture of Kaohsiung in 1949. In 1961, the Prefecture was elevated to a full diocese, and became a suffragan to the Archdiocese of Taipei.
The current bishop is Peter Liu Cheng-chung, appointed in January 2006. In November of 2009, he was given the "ad personam" (personal) title of archbishop by Pope Benedict XVI.
thumbnail

</doc>
<doc id="18536227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18536227" title="Immortal (The Crüxshadows EP)">
Immortal (The Crüxshadows EP)

Immortal is a 2008 single/EP released by The Crüxshadows, their latest release. It is the debut song for the newest lineup of the group, and is currently not included on an album.
The EP consists of the title song, a radio edit, a new mix of the "DreamCypher" song "Ariadne", a club mix of the title song, and an exclusive B-side track entitled "Exile".

</doc>
<doc id="18536233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18536233" title="Dan Puric">
Dan Puric

Dan Puric (; born February 12, 1959) is a Romanian actor, director, and pantomime artist. He is also known as a Christian Orthodox apologist.
Biography.
He graduated in 1978 from the fine arts high school Nicolae Tonitza in Bucharest, and in 1985 from the Institute of Theatrical and Cinematographic Arts, Bucharest. Between 1985 and 1988, he was an actor at the Botoşani Theater. Nowadays, he is an actor at the National Theatre Bucharest. His shows - "Toujours l'amour", "Made in Romania", "Costumele" (The Costumes), "Don Quijote" - have been played in many countries. He played the main role in "Broken Youth". He also played in films for the public television in Lausanne, Switzerland.
In 2000, Dan Puric received the Order of the Star of Romania with the Knight rank, for "exceptional services in culture".

</doc>
<doc id="18536234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18536234" title="J.J. Perry">
J.J. Perry

Jordan Andrew Perry (born 1965), better known as J.J. Perry, is an American martial artist, actor, and stuntman.
Career.
Perry began practicing martial arts training in 1975, at the age of eight. Because his mother was not able to afford her son's lessons, he cleaned a martial arts school, and received lessons in trade. He began performing stuntwork in the late 1980s after leaving the military.
Perry was a fourth-degree black belt in taekwondo by 1993. He has a fifth-degree black belt in Tae Kwon Do, which he earned at the age of twelve, and a second-degree black belt in Hapkido.
He began his acting career when he did stuntwork for the character of Johnny Cage in the first "Mortal Kombat" film. He then played Scorpion, Cyrax, and Noob Saibot in "" (Chris Casamassa was supposed to reprise as Scorpion but was working in "Batman & Robin", though he would return in "Conquest"), and appeared in the "MK: Conquest" TV series, this time as Scorpion's main rival Sub-Zero, in addition to doing stuntwork for the main character of Kung Lao. In addition to the "Mortal Kombat" series, Perry has done stuntwork for various television shows and movies such as "Buffy the Vampire Slayer", "The Scorpion King", "24", and "Beowulf". He was a member of the cast of the 2004 movie "Sunland Heat", and part of the stunt team for the 2006 fighting movie "Ultraviolet".
Perry shared in the Male Stuntman of the Year Award at the 2004 World Stunt Awards for his work in the 2003 action comedy film "The Rundown".
Perry was living in Santa Monica as of 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="18536245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18536245" title="Japan FM League">
Japan FM League

The Japan FM League (JFL) is a commercial radio broadcasting network in Japan. It is owned by JOAV-FM (J-Wave).
JFL's main ideal is to respect the operation of each of its affiliates, letting each affiliate flourish under its own terms. The network is a co-operative, with each affiliate offering its resources when useful. So for example when J-Wave wants to air a concert or ask for interviews when a group tours in Nagoya, it can easily borrow the studios of ZIP-FM (the JFL affiliate there) to help produce what's needed.

</doc>
<doc id="18536251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18536251" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Hwalien">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Hwalien

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Hwalien (Lat: "Dioecesis Hvalienensis") is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in Taiwan.
Erected as the Apostolic Prefecture of Hwalien in 1952, the Prefecture was elevated to a full diocese, in 1963. The diocese is suffragan to the Archdiocese of Taipei.
The current bishop is Philip Huang Chao-ming, appointed in November 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="18536298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18536298" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Hsinchu">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Hsinchu

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Hsinchu (Lat: "Dioecesis Hsinchuensis") is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in Taiwan.
Erected as the Diocese of Hsinchu in 1962, the diocese is suffragan to the Archdiocese of Taipei.
The current bishop is John Baptist Lee Keh-mien, appointed in November 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="18536315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18536315" title="Aurin Squire">
Aurin Squire

Aurin Squire is an award-winning American producer, playwright, screenwriter, and reporter. He has written numerous plays, while his reporting has appeared in the "Chicago Tribune", "Miami Herald", and "ESPN", among other publications.
Early Life and Education.
Born in 1979 and raised in Opa Locka, Florida, Squire was professionally reporting for five different local publications by the time he graduated from North Miami Beach Senior High School. 
At Northwestern University, he majored in radio/TV/film and worked as a professional journalist for the "Chicago Tribune" and the "Miami Herald". In his senior year, "Shadows in the Light", an epic play about Cuban immigrants in Miami, was produced by the ETA Theatre in Chicago.
Playwriting.
In 2001, the American Federation of State, County, and Municipal Employees (AFSCME) commissioned Squire to write "Crash", a play about AIDS in the Black community. During this time he also served as managing editor for In Focus Interactive and the Miami bureau chief for Globe Street.
While studying playwrighting at the Actors Studio Drama School from 2002–2005, Squire won the 2003 Change Inc. Grant for Emerging Artists. After graduating, he became a member of Vital Theatre's R&D group, the 2005 Lincoln Center Lab, and the Ars Nova Play Group.
In 2004, Squire wrote "Nueva Cancion", concerning the rise and fall of former Chilean president Salvador Allende. The docudrama was produced in September 2004 by Slant Theatre Project at Cherry Lane and the Phil Bosakowski Theatre.
Many of Squire's plays revolve around multiracial societies in transition or America's changing cultural make-up. His work reflects the Latino, African, Caribbean, African American, and Jewish cultures he grew up around in South Florida.
Squire was a part of the Lincoln Center lab in 2005 and his comedy "The Great Black Sambo Machine" was presented there and at Ars Nova the following year.
In 2007, Squire spent a year in Albuquerque, New Mexico, working with artists Leigh Fondakowski and Krista DeNio on a docudrama about Converso and Crypto-Jewish families who fled the Spanish Inquisition and settled in Arizona and New Mexico. Squire was commissioned to interview surviving Crypto- and Converso-Jewish residents, research, and collaborate to create what became "A Light In My Soul/Una Luz En Mi Alma". The epic docudrama was performed by Working Classroom Theatre the following year at the National Hispanic Cultural Center in Albuquerque, and received additional performances around New Mexico.
Squire's off-broadway plays like "Matthew Takes Manahatta," and "To Whom It May Concern" have been produced around New York and the United States. His plays have also been produced at off-broadway and regional venues like Brooklyn Arts Exchange, Ars Nova, Vital Theatre, ArcLight Theatre, Cherry Lane, and Barrington Stage Company.
Multimedia Projects.
In recent years Squire's work has expanded into other media, including online video. He has written and produced a viral video series for the gay social and dating app Mister. The series includes "Evil Twink" and "Boyfriend Shopping," satirizing the unrealistic and juvenile expectations of the gay dating scene.
The following year Squire was hired by installation art company Local Project and wrote the script "Dreams of Freedom" for the National Museum of American Jewish History in Philadelphia. "Dreams" is an interactive multimedia piece based on interviews of Jewish immigrants coming to America.
In October 2012, Squire ran the Vote It Forward Festival, promoting a competition that awarded $500–$1000 in prizes to the best voting-related videos.
He has also ghostwritten novels and memoirs and been published in online cultural journals such as "Racialicious."
Acclaim.
Many of Squire's plays have received enthusiastic reviews and revivals, among them "To Whom it May Concern", which ran off-Broadway in 2009, "Defacing Michael Jackson" (short play) which was the winner of the 2005 Samuel French, Inc. International Play Competition, and "Match Me", produced by the New York International Fringe Festival in 2005. His writing has been called "a true gem that deserves to be set apart from the rest" by "The Drama Review", "brilliant" and "thoroughly entertaining" by "Show Business Weekly", and "engaging and provocative" by critic Martin Denton.
His 2007 dark comedy "To Whom It May Concern" premiered at the Abingdon Theatre and won the Fresh Fruit Festival awards for best play and best playwright. "To Whom It May Concern" was also produced off-Broadway in 2009 at the Arclight Theatre with a cast including: Israel Gutierrez, Matthew Alford, Nicholas Reilly, and Carmelo Ferro.
In 2009, Squire wrote the book for the children's musical "Matthew takes Manhatta", called "refreshingly clever" and a "cheerful tribute to our multiracial, multicultural America" by the "New York Times".
Squire has won several awards for his docudramas on Jewish issues, including Spanish Jewish families who fled the Inquisition and European Jewish immigrants who came to America. "Dreams of Freedom" won a Core 77 Design Award, NMAJ's Communication Award, and an AIGA Design Effectiveness Award.
In 2013, "Freefalling" won the Fiat Lux Play Award from the Catholic Church. Squire is also a recipient of the Lila Acheson Wallace American Playwright Fellowship at The Juilliard School, and the Le Comte du Nuoy Prize from Lincoln Center. 

</doc>
<doc id="18536358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18536358" title="Simple Symmetric Transport Protocol">
Simple Symmetric Transport Protocol

Simple Symmetric Transport Protocol is a protocol for delivering messages between clients and servers. It is used by Microsoft Groove.

</doc>
<doc id="18536442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18536442" title="Kursali">
Kursali

Kursali may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18536464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18536464" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Trincomalee">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Trincomalee

The Diocese of Trincomalee () is a Roman Catholic diocese for eastern Sri Lanka. The current bishop is Joseph Kingsley Swampillai.
History.
The Diocese of Trincomalee was created on 25 August 1893 from parts of the Archdiocese of Colombo and the Diocese of Jaffna. The diocese was renamed Diocese of Trincomalee–Batticaloa on 23 October 1967. On 19 December 1975 parts of the diocese were transferred to newly created Apostolic Prefecture of Anuradhapura. The diocese was renamed Diocese of Trincomalee on 3 July 2012 after parts of the diocese were transferred to newly created Diocese of Batticaloa.

</doc>
<doc id="18536488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18536488" title="The Return of Dr. Fu Manchu">
The Return of Dr. Fu Manchu

The Return of Dr. Fu Manchu is the second of three films starring Warner Oland as the fiendish Fu Manchu, who returns from apparent death in the previous movie to seek revenge on those he holds responsible for the death of his wife and child. It was loosely adapted from the novel of the same name by Sax Rohmer.

</doc>
<doc id="18536490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18536490" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Ratnapura">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Ratnapura

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Ratnapura (Lat: "Dioecesis Ratnapurensis") is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in Sri Lanka. 
Erected as the Diocese of Ratnapura in 1995, from territory in the Diocese of Galle, the diocese is suffragan to the Archdiocese of Colombo.
The current bishop is Cletus Chandrasiri Perera, appointed in 2007. 

</doc>
<doc id="18536502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18536502" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Mannar">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Mannar

The Diocese of Mannar () is a Roman Catholic diocese for north-western Sri Lanka. The current bishop is Rayappu Joseph.
History.
The Diocese of Mannar was created on 24 January 1981 from parts of the Diocese of Jaffna.

</doc>
<doc id="18536503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18536503" title="Kalali">
Kalali

Kalali may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18536505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18536505" title="List of Mexico's cities ranked by area">
List of Mexico's cities ranked by area


</doc>
<doc id="18536520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18536520" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Kurunegala">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Kurunegala

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Kurunegala (Lat: "Dioecesis Kurunegalaensis") is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in Sri Lanka. 
Erected as the Diocese of Kurunegala in 1987, from territory in the Diocese of Chilaw, the diocese is suffragan to the Archdiocese of Colombo.
The current Bishop is Harold Anthony Perera, who was appointed in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18536531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18536531" title="Great Easton, Essex">
Great Easton, Essex

Great Easton is a village and civil parish north of Great Dunmow in Essex.
Great Easton is a small village in Essex, England, which dates from the 12th century. The village has a population of just a few hundred people, one pub, "The Swan", and one church, and one Rolls-Royce dealership.
History.
The village used to be known as 'Easton ad montem' or 'atte munte' to distinguish it from Little Easton. The suffix denotes the mound, or mound in the village, close to the church in the grounds of Easton Hall. 
It is believed to be the earthwork remains of a motte and bailey castle. From which the village has grown around from the Medieval period, up to the current state of a few miles of mostly 15th Century houses that make up most of the village today.
The mound is 130 feet in diameter at the base, 43 feet at the summit and is 21 feet high. It is surrounded by a dry ditch 45 feet wide and 5 feet deep. The mound may have been pre- Roman, Saxon or perhaps a Norman defensive motte. It was defiantly in place in Norman times, as this the period in which the name 'Eystone ad montem' appears.
Murder.
In 1830, a murder befell the village and, at St John & St Giles, Great Easton Church, in the south porch at Great Easton Church, an inscription (VII, pos. c. 1900) to a man found murdered in 1830 at Handless Spring.
On the South wall of the churchyard there is an inscription which reads:
Near this spot lies a murdered man
Whos remains were found in Handless Spring.
Unfold the murderous deed if you can
And the Wretch or Wretches to justice bring.
It is believed the only spring in the village is behind The Bell, and is the most likely site for the still unknown man's remains that were found, and that his haunted soul still roams the village.
In fact there are many ghost tales and stories that circulate around this 12th-century village and the surrounding villages, such as the following:
The Headless Monk
There is a prevalent rumor that the ghost of a headless monk walks the bank along the river between Duton Hill and Great Easton in the hours of darkness. The archaeological dig on the site of the Abbey in 1942 turned up the stone tombs of two monks, thought to have been killed during the sacking of the Abbey in 1215. When their remains were examined before being reverently re-interred, it was found that one of the skeletons lacked a head.
Church.
The church is Norman in design and was originally built on the site of an earlier Saxon church. Its construction contains Roman bricks, along with many of the houses in the village. It has had many changes and at one time in history was cruciform, but the north and south transepts have disappeared, and only thickened walls indicate the position of the crossing tower. By 1460 the tower had disappeared, and the three bells that were in use were housed in a timber cupola on the west end of the nave. However was demolished in 1899 as part of major refurbishing work on the church, and a large timber tower constructed, far taller than the current brick tower. It was struck by lightning however and its ancient timber was installed into many of the old Tudor houses, including the 'King Post' of the tower installed into Essex House, with a plaque stating 'KING POST of Old Wooden Tower, GREAT EASTON CHURCH, erected 1777, Demolished 1928.'Making the post at least 235 years old, however still only half as old as most of the houses surrounding the church. In 1899 there were major changes made, and in 1928 a low brick tower replaced the timber tower which had been there.
The tower was renovated in 1928, and Bert Pickford gave this account of his own unique perspective of the work:
The village of Little Easton lies one mile (1.6 km) to the south.
References.
The Five Parishes - a brief history of Broxted, Tilty, Great Easton and Little Easton
By Clare Squibb

</doc>
<doc id="18536537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18536537" title="Vladan Marković">
Vladan Marković

Vladan Marković (Serbian Cyrillic: Владан Марковић; born March 20 in Belgrade, Serbia, Yugoslavia) is a Serbian swimmer also considered to be one of the country's all-time best. He is the current president of PK Zlatni Delfin, a swimming club from Belgrade and is a University of Belgrade alumni since 2001. 
Marković represented his country at three different Summer Olympics. He made his first appearance at the 1996 Summer Olympics which were held in the city of Atlanta, United States of America. Marković finished 28th overall at the men's 100 m butterfly with a time of 54.90. He also finished 28th overall at the men's 200 metre butterfly with a time of 2:01.80. At the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia, his results were very similar. Markovic could only establish a time of 2:00.02 and was eliminated after the preliminary heat in the men's 200 metre butterfly. Finally, at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece, his time of 2:04.77 at the men's 200 metre butterfly was only good enough for a 31st overall place.
Marković will once again represent Serbia at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, People's Republic of China, which will be his fourth Olympics. He gained his qualification in Cadiz, Spain in 2007 with a time of 2:00.36 at the 200 metre butterfly. 
Marković won three bronze medals at the Mediterranean Games from 1997 to 2001. Among his best results remain the 7th place finish at the 1995 FINA Short Course World Championships in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, and his 9th place finish at the 2000 FINA Short Course World Championships in Athens, Greece. He has reached the semifinals six times at various European LC Championships. On top of everything, he has been crowned Balkans champion four times during his career (1996-1998-2000-2002). 
He has been Serbia's butterfly national champion for the past 15 years and retains the title still to this day. Marković was selected for the best young athlete in Yugoslavia in 1995.
See also.
List of swimmers

</doc>
<doc id="18536552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18536552" title="Nagole">
Nagole

Nagole (te: నాగోల్)is one of the fast developing suburbs in Hyderabad, India.
Commercial area.
The road stretch between L B Nagar, GSI Bandlaguda, Uppal, is prominent for the Ganesha idols. Also, Nagole is famous for being a hub of Marble and Granite stone business in the twin cities. Two RTA driving test tracks are also located around Nagole. 
Nagole has easy access to various facilities like Post Office, shopping complexes like Big Bazaar and retail stores like Heritage fresh@ in the vicinity and has many grocery stores, cyber cafés and two major fuel filling stations. Several new restaurants are being put up to serve one's appetite. Nagole also has the famous Indu International School and various elite function halls on GSI Bandlaguda road. It is a fast growing sub-urb after Madhapur and kondapur. It is the future destinations of Hyderabad due to its ample space and greenery and no water problem.
Transport.
NAGOLE is now well known to every one due to the Hyderabad Metro Rail Station and Depot being build up in the area.
Nagole is well connected by many buses connecting to all major parts of the city. One can reach all major parts of the city within 15 minutes by the 8 Lane wide roads. The APSRTC bus services which serve this area are 90, 279, 290, 90D/47Y, 201G, 100J, 72J, 156J, 100A/S and Shamshabad Airport bus.
The Andhra Pradesh cabinet has decided to extend the Hyderabad Metro Rail Corridor-III (Shilparamam-Habsiguda) by another 4.77 km up to Nagole.
Colonies in and around Nagole.
This area has witnessed growth in real estate with the real estate boom since 2005 and happens to be a very preferred location for nuclear families. Several new apartments and independent houses are being built to cater to the demand.
Sai Ragavendra nagar-Bandlaguda, Ajay Nagar Colony, Anand Nagar 'X' roads, Adarsh Nagar colony,Indraprastha colony, Samathapuri colony, New Nagole Colony, Snehapuri colony,Sri Ganesh Nagar Colony, Alkapuri, Sai Nagar (behind RTA office), Jaipuri colony, Srinivasa Nagar Colony, Krushinagar Colony, Arunodaya nagar, Co-Operative bank Colony, Venkataramana colony, Mamathanagar colony are the colonies located in and around Nagole. 

</doc>
<doc id="18536553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18536553" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Kandy">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Kandy

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Kandy (Lat: "Dioecesis Kandiensis") is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in Sri Lanka. 
Originally erected as the apostolic vicariate of Kandy in 1883, the diocese was elevated to a full diocese in 1886, and became a suffragan to the Archdiocese of Colombo. In 1972, part of the diocese was split off to form the Diocese of Badulla
The current bishop is Joseph Vianney Fernando, appointed in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="18536592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18536592" title="Gëran">
Gëran

Gëran may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18536608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18536608" title="Geran">
Geran

Geran may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18536611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18536611" title="Lorcaserin">
Lorcaserin

Lorcaserin (APD-356, trade name upon approval Belviq, expected trade name during development, Lorqess) is a weight-loss drug developed by Arena Pharmaceuticals. It has serotonergic properties and acts as an anorectic. On 22 December 2009 a New Drug Application (NDA) was submitted to the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in the United States. On 16 September 2010, an FDA advisory panel voted to recommend against approval of the drug based on concerns over both safety and efficacy. In October 2010, the FDA stated that it could not approve the application for lorcaserin in its present form. 
On 10 May 2012, after a new round of studies submitted by Arena, an FDA panel voted to recommend lorcaserin with certain restrictions and patient monitoring. The restrictions include patients with a BMI of over 30, or with a BMI over 27 and a comorbidity like high blood pressure or type 2 diabetes.
On 27 June 2012, the FDA officially approved lorcaserin for use in the treatment of obesity for adults with a BMI equal to or greater than 30 or adults with a BMI of 27 or greater who "have at least one weight-related health condition, such as high blood pressure, type 2 diabetes, or high cholesterol".
On 7 May 2013, the US Drug Enforcement Administration has classified lorcaserin as a Schedule IV drug under the Controlled Substances Act.
Mechanism of action.
Lorcaserin is a selective 5-HT2C receptor agonist, and "in vitro" testing of the drug showed reasonable selectivity for 5-HT2C over other related targets. 5-HT2C receptors are located almost exclusively in the brain, and can be found in the choroid plexus, cortex, hippocampus, cerebellum, amygdala, thalamus, and hypothalamus. The activation of 5-HT2C receptors in the hypothalamus is supposed to activate proopiomelanocortin (POMC) production and consequently promote weight loss through satiety. This hypothesis is supported by clinical trials and other studies. While it is generally thought that 5-HT2C receptors help to regulate appetite as well as mood, and endocrine secretion, the exact mechanism of appetite regulation is not yet known. Lorcaserin has shown 100x selectivity for 5-HT2C versus the closely related 5-HT2B receptor, and 17x selectivity over the 5-HT2A receptor.
Clinical trials.
Phase IIb and other early clinical trial results.
Arena states that "ata from Phase 2 clinical trials of lorcaserin demonstrated that patients who received the drug experienced significantly greater weight loss than patients who received placebo." At the end of 12 weeks, the groups which were administered lorcaserin lost an average of 4.0 pounds (10 mg/day), 5.7 pounds (15 mg/day), and 7.9 pounds (20 mg/day). The placebo group lost an average of 0.7 pounds, despite the fact that all groups received no diet or exercise instruction.
Upon discontinuation of lorcaserin treatment, lost weight is regained. In Phase 2 clinical trials, patients were tracked for 2 weeks post trial completion, and all groups regained weight more rapidly than they had lost. In pre-clinical trial studies, the weight of rats returned to control levels.
Phase III clinical trials.
The Lorcaserin Phase III program consists of three different Phase III trials, BLOOM (Behavioral modification and Lorcaserin for Overweight and Obesity Management), BLOSSOM (Behavioral modification and LOrcaserin Second Study for Obesity Management), and BLOOM-DM (Diabetes Management).
BLOOM.
BLOOM top line results were released on 30 March 2009. Measurements of efficacy using an intention to treat – last observation carried forward (ITT-LOCF), analysis showed that 47.5% of lorcaserin patients lost at least 5% of their body weight, compared to 20.3% for placebo. This result satisfies one of two alternate efficacy benchmarks in the most recent FDA draft guidance, which provides that a weight-management product can be considered effective if after one year of treatment the proportion of subjects who lose greater than or equal to 5% of baseline body weight in the active-product group is at least 35%, is approximately double the proportion in the placebo-treated group, and the difference between groups is statistically significant.
Additionally, 22.6% of lorcaserin patients lost at least 10% of their body weight, compared to 7.7% for placebo. Lorcaserin patients achieved an average weight loss of 5.8% of their body weight, or 12.7 pounds, compared to 2.2%, or 4.7 pounds, for placebo. Among the most frequent adverse events reported with lorcaserin were headache, dizziness, and nausea.
BLOSSOM.
BLOSSOM results were released on September 18, 2009. Measurements of efficacy using an intent-to-treat last observation carried forward, or ITT-LOCF, analysis showed that 47.2% of lorcaserin patients lost at least 5% of their body weight, compared to 25.0% for placebo. Lorcaserin patients achieved an average weight loss of 5.9%, or 12.7 pounds (5.7 kg), compared to 2.8%, or 6.3 pounds (2.86 kg), for placebo.
BLOOM-DM.
This trial examined the effect of lorcaserin in patients with diabetes mellitus. 16.1% lost 5% or more weight under placebo, whereas 37.5% lost 5% or more under lorcaserin.
Time schedule.
Lorcaserin had a Prescription Drug User Fee Act (PDUFA) date of 22 October 2010. On 16 September 2010, a federal advisory committee voted against recommending approval for lorcaserin. In their 9-5 vote, the committee had raised concerns about the safety of the drug, particularly the findings of tumors in rats.
On 23 October 2010, the FDA decided not to approve the drug based on the available data. This was not only because of cancer promoting properties could not be ruled out, but also because the weight loss efficacy was "marginal".
After additional studies were completed and additional information submitted to the FDA, an advisory panel was convened on 10 May 2012. The advisory panel voted 19-4-1 to recommend lorcaserin to the FDA. The FDA stated the weight loss passed FDA standards for efficacy and the drug did not have cancer risks based on clarifications in the data. The FDA panelist recommended that post marketing studies regarding potential heart valve issues be completed. The FDA has not stated one way or the other if they believe this is necessary at this time although no safety markers related have been indicated during clinical studies. On 27 June 2012, the FDA officially approved lorcaserin for use in the treatment of obesity for some adults.
Side effects.
In clinical trials, the most common side effect was headache, experienced by about 18% of drug arm participants compared to 11% of placebo participants. Headache was the only reported side effect to occur at a frequency greater than 5 percentage points above placebo. Other reported side effects and their rates for lorcaserin and placebo patients, respectively, were as follows: upper respiratory tract infection (14.8% vs. 11.9%), nasopharyngitis (13.4% vs. 12.0%), sinusitis (7.2% vs. 8.2%) and nausea (7.5% vs. 5.4%). Adverse events of depression, anxiety and suicidal ideation were infrequent and were reported at a similar rate in each treatment group.
On 15 September 2010 it was reported by national news-media that lorcaserin was associated with the development of cancer in laboratory rats.
In December 2012, the US Drug Enforcement Administration proposed classifying lorcaserin as a Schedule IV drug because it has hallucinogenic properties and users could develop psychiatric dependencies on the drug.
Echocardiograms for valvulopathy.
Rates of new FDA-defined valvulopathy in BLOOM were as follows: lorcaserin 10 mg twice daily (2.7%) and placebo (2.3%) at Week 52 and lorcaserin 10 mg twice daily (2.6%) and placebo (2.7%) at Week 104. For BLOSSOM, rates of new FDA-defined valvulopathy in BLOSSOM at Week 52 were as follows: lorcaserin 10 mg twice daily (2.0%), 10 mg once daily (1.4%) and placebo (2.0%).

</doc>
<doc id="18536621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18536621" title="Gateways">
Gateways

Gateways may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18536642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18536642" title="Precolonial Mauritania">
Precolonial Mauritania

Precolonial Mauritania, lying next to the Atlantic coast at the western edge of the Sahara Desert, received and assimilated into its complex society many waves of Saharan migrants and conquerors.
Plinius wrote that the area north of the river Senegal was populated, during Augustus times, by the "Pharusii" and "Perorsi" 
Berbers moved south to Mauritania beginning in the 3rd century, followed by Arabs in the 8th century, subjugating and assimilating Mauritania's original inhabitants.
Islamization took place only gradually, much later than in the Sahel, over the course of the 12th to the 17th centuries by the expansion of the Beni Hassan.
From the 15th century, there was also limited European trading activity, mostly in gum arabic.
The tensions between the tribal Berber groups which had established themselves before the arrival of Islam, and the Arabized and Muslim Beni Hassan came to a head in the Char Bouba war of 1644 to 1674. 
The resulting victory of the Beni Hassan sealed the fate of Mauritania as an Arabized Muslim territory, the last part of Africa to be acquired into the Muslim World before the Muslim expansion was checked by the European Scramble for Africa in the 19th century.
There was French presence at the Senegal River from the 17th century, and by 1840, Senegal became a permanent French possession. 
The colonisation of Mauritania was an expansion of the area of French control over Senegal, beginning in the form of punitive expeditions against the Maures. The colonial period of Mauritania lasted for a mere two generations, from 1904 to 1960.
The French authorities had difficulty in maintaining order in view of the numerous and complicated conflicts among the area's numerous factions and sub-factions. They attempted to abolish slavery in 1905, but with very limited success. Mauritanian independence was granted in 1960, following a 1958 referendum under the French Fifth Republic.
Characteristics.
What is now Mauritania was a dry savanna area during classical antiquity, where independent tribes like the Pharusii and the Perorsi (and the Nigritae near the Niger river) lived a semi-nomadic life facing the growing desertification of the Sahara.
Romans did explorations toward this area and probably reached, with Suetonius Paulinus, the area of Adrar. There are evidences (coins, fibulas) of Roman commerce in Akjoujt and Tamkartkart near Tichit
Some Berber tribes moved to Mauritania in the 3rd and 4th century, and after the 8th century some Arabs entered the region as conquerors.
From the 8th century through the 15th century, black kingdoms of the western Sudan, such as Ghana Empire, Mali Empire, and Songhai Empire, brought their political culture from the south.
The divisive tendencies of the various groups within Mauritanian society have always worked against the development of Mauritanian unity. Both the Sanhadja Confederation, at its height from the 8th century to the 10th century, and the Almoravid Empire, from the 11th century to the 12th century, were weakened by internecine warfare, and succumbed to further invasions from the Ghana Empire and the Almohad Empire, respectively.
The first external influence that tended to unify the country was Islam. The Islamization of Mauritania was a gradual process that spanned more than 500 years. Beginning slowly through contacts with Berber and Arab merchants engaged in the important caravan trades and rapidly advancing through the Almoravid conquests, Islamization did not take firm hold until the arrival of Yemeni Arabs in the 12th and 13th centuries and was not complete until several centuries later. Gradual Islamization was accompanied by a process of Arabization as well, during which the Berber masters of Mauritania lost power and became vassals of their Arab conquerors.
From the 15th century to the 19th century, European contact with Mauritania was dominated by the trade for gum arabic. Rivalries among European powers enabled the Arab-Berber population, the Maures (Moors), to maintain their independence and later to exact annual payments from France, whose sovereignty over the Sénégal River and the Mauritanian coast was recognized by the Congress of Vienna in 1815. Although penetration beyond the coast and the Senegal River began in earnest under Louis Faidherbe, governor of Senegal in the mid-19th century, European conquest or "pacification" of the entire country did not begin until 1900.
France created the boundaries of contemporary Mauritania and administered it until the independence in the 1960s. Because extensive European contact began so late in the country's history, the traditional social structure carried over into modern times with little change.
French rule brought legal prohibitions against slavery, and an end to interclan warfare. During the colonial period, the population remained nomadic, but many sedentary peoples, whose ancestors had been expelled centuries earlier, began to trickle back into Mauritania. As the country gained independence in 1960, the capital city Nouakchott was founded at the site of a small colonial village, the Ksar, while 90% of the population was still nomadic.
Early history.
The prehistory of the west Saharan region is not fully characterised. There are some written accounts by medieval Arab traders and explorers who reached the important caravan trading centers and Sudanic kingdoms of eastern Mauritania, but the major sources of pre-European history are oral history, legends, and archaeological evidence. These sources indicate that during the millennia preceding the Christian Era, the Sahara was a more habitable region than it is today and supported a flourishing culture. In the area that is now Mauritania, the Bafour, a proto-Berber people, whose descendants may be the coastal Imraguen fishermen, were hunters, pastoralists, and fishermen. Valley cultivators, who may have been black ancestors of the riverine Toucouleur and Wolof peoples, lived alongside the Bafour. Tichitt Walata is the oldest surviving archaeological settlements in West Africa and the oldest of all stone base settlements south of the Sahara. It was built by the Soninke people (or by the Serers) and is thought to be the precursor of the Ghana empire, thought to have been built by Wolof people or Wolof-related ancestors. It was being settled around 2000 BCE. Climatic changes, and perhaps overgrazing and overcultivation as well, led to a gradual desiccation of the Sahara and the southward movement of these peoples.
The Phoenicians built significant cities in Mauritania, including Lixus, Volubilis and Chellah. After Rome defeated Carthage in the Punic Wars, these Mauritanian cities became important regional centers of this part of the North African Roman Empire. The Romans did some expeditions south of their Mauretania Tingitana, perhaps reaching the area north of the river Senegal populated by the Pharusii tribe
In the 3rd and 4th centuries, this southward migration from the southern Atlas region was intensified by the arrival of Berber groups from the north who were searching for pasturage or fleeing political anarchy and war. The wide-ranging activities of these turbulent Berber warriors were made possible by the introduction of the camel to the Sahara in this period. This first wave of Berber invaders subjugated and made vassals of those Bafour who did not flee south. Other Berber groups followed in the 7th and 8th centuries, themselves fleeing in large numbers before the Arab conquerors of the Maghreb.
Sanhadja Confederation.
One of the Berber groups arriving in Mauritania in the 8th century was the Lemtuna. By the 9th century, the Lemtuna had attained political dominance in the Adrar and Hodh regions. Together with two other important Berber groups, the Messufa and the Djodala, they set up the Sanhadja Confederation. From their capital, Aoudaghast, the Lemtuna controlled this loose confederation and the western routes of the Saharan caravan trade that had begun to flourish after the introduction of the camel. At its height, from the eighth to the end of the 10th century, the Sanhadja Confederation was a decentralized polity based on two distinct groups: the nomadic and very independent Berber groups, who maintained their traditional religions, and the Muslim, urban Berber merchants, who conducted the caravan trade.
Although dominated by the Sanhadja merchants, the caravan trade had its northern terminus in the Maghribi commercial city of Sijilmasa and its southern terminus in Koumbi Saleh, capital of the Ghana Empire. Later, the southern trade route ended in Timbuktu, capital of the Mali Empire. Gold, ivory, and slaves were carried north in return for salt (ancient salt mines near Kediet Ijill in northern Mauritania are still being worked), copper, cloth, and other luxury goods.
Important towns developed along the trade routes. The easiest, though not the shortest, routes between Ghana and Sijilmasa were from Koumbi Saleh through Aoudaghast, Oualâta, Tîchît, and Ouadane. These towns along the route grew to be important commercial as well as political centers. The 11th-century Arab chronicler Al-Bakri describes Aoudaghast, with its population of 5,000 to 6,000, as a big town with a large mosque and several smaller ones, surrounded by large cultivated areas under irrigation. Oualâta was a major relay point on the gold and salt trade route, as well as a chief assembly point for pilgrims traveling to Mecca. Another important Mauritanian trade city of the Sanhadja Confederation was Chinguetti, later an important religious center. Although Koumbi Saleh did not outlive the fall of the Ghana Empire, Aoudaghast and particularly Oualâta maintained their importance well into the 16th century, when trade began shifting to the European-controlled coasts.
Almoravids.
By the 11th century, Islam had spread throughout the west Sahara under the influence of Berber and Arab traders and occasional Arab migrants. Nevertheless, traditional religious practices thrived. The conquest of the entire west Saharan region by the Almoravids in the 11th century made possible a more orthodox Islamization of all the peoples of Mauritania.
The breakup of the Sanhadja Confederation in the early 11th century led to a period of unrest and warfare among the Sanhadja Berber groups of Mauritania. In about 1039, a chief of the Djodala, Yahya ibn Ibrahim, returned from a pilgrimage to Mecca bringing with him a Sanhadja theologian, Abdallah ibn Yassin, to teach a more orthodox Islam. Rejected by the Djodala two years later, after the death of Ibn Ibrahim, Ibn Yassin and some of his Sanhadja followers retired to a secluded place where they built a fortified religious center, a ribat, which attracted many Sanhadja. In 1042 the al murabitun (men of the ribat), as Ibn Yassin's followers came to be called, launched a jihad, or holy war, against the nonbelievers and the heretics among the Sanhadja, beginning what later become known as the Almoravid movement. The initial aim of the Almoravids was to establish a political community in which the ethical and juridical principles of Islam would be strictly applied.
First, the Almoravids attacked and subdued the Djodala, forcing them to acknowledge Islam. Then, rallying the other Berber groups of the west Sahara, the Almoravids succeeded in recreating the political unity of the Sanhadja Confederation and adding to it a religious unity and purpose. By 1054 the Almoravids had captured Sijilmasa in the Maghrib and had retaken Aoudaghast from Ghana.
With the death of Ibn Yassin in 1059, leadership of the movement in the south passed to Abu-Bakr Ibn-Umar, amir of Adrar, and to Yusuf ibn Tashfin in the north. Under Ibn Tashfin, the Berbers captured Morocco and founded Marrakech as their capital in 1062. By 1082 all of the western Maghrib (to at least present-day Algiers) was under Almoravid domination. In 1086 the Andalusian emirates, under attack from the Spanish Christian king Alfonso and the Christian reconquest of Spain, called on Ibn Tashfin and his Berber warriors to cross the Strait of Gibraltar and come to their rescue. The Almoravids defeated the Spanish Christians and, by 1090, imposed Almoravid rule and the Maliki school of Islamic law in Muslim Spain.
In Mauritania, Abu Bakr led the Almoravids in a war against Ghana (1062–76), culminating in the capture in 1076 of Koumbi Saleh. This event marked the end of the dominance of the Ghana Empire. But after the death of Abu Bakr in 1087 and Ibn Tashfin in 1106, traditional rivalries among the Sanhadja and a new Muslim reformist conquest led by the Zenata Almohads (1133–63) destroyed the Almoravid Empire.
For a short time, the Mauritanian Sanhadja dynasty of the Almoravid Empire controlled a vast territory stretching from Spain to Senegal. The unity established between Morocco and Mauritania during the Almoravid period continued to have some political importance in the 1980s, as it formed part of the basis for Morocco's claims to Mauritania. But the greatest contribution of the Sanhadja and the Almoravids was the Islamization of the western Maghrib. This process would remain a dominant factor in the history of the area for the next several centuries.
Sudanic empires and kingdoms.
Although the Almoravids had substantial contacts with the Maghrib, influences from the black Sudanic kingdoms of Ghana, Mali, and Songhai played an important role in Mauritania's history for about 700 years—from the 8th to the 15th century. Ghana, the first of the great West African Sudanic kingdoms, included in its territory all of southeastern Mauritania extending to Tagant. Ghana reached its apogee in the 9th and 10th centuries with the extension of its rule over the Sanhadja Berbers. This large and centralized kingdom controlled the southern terminus of the trans-Saharan trade in gold, ivory, and salt.
The capture of Koumbi Saleh in 1076 by the Almoravids marked the end of Ghana's hegemony, although the kingdom continued to exist for another 125 years. The Mandé, under the leadership of the legendary Sundiata, founded the second great Sudanic kingdom, Mali. By the end of the 13th century, the Mali Empire extended over that part of Mauritania previously controlled by Ghana, as well as over the remaining Sahelian regions and the Senegal River Valley. Sundiata and his successors took over Ghana's role in the Saharan trade and in the administration and collection of tribute from vast stretches of the Sudan and the Sahel.
The slow decline of the Mali Empire that started at the end of the 14th century came about through internal discord and revolts by the inhabitants of vassal states, including the Songhai of Gao. By the end of the 15th century, the Songhai Empire had replaced the Mali Empire and extended to Mauritania and the upper Senegal River Valley. At the end of the 16th century, a large Moroccan force defeated the Songhai, bringing to an end the seven centuries of domination of the western Sudan (and a large part of Mauritania) by strong, centralized black kingdoms.
Arab invasions.
Beginning with the Arab conquest of the western Maghreb in the 8th century, Mauritania experienced a slow but constant infiltration of Arabs and Arab influence from the north. The growing Arab presence pressed the Berbers, who chose not to mix with other groups, to move farther south into Mauritania, forcing out the black inhabitants. By the 16th century, most blacks had been pushed to the Sénégal River. Those remaining in the north became slaves cultivating the oases.
After the decline of the Almoravid Empire, a long process of Arabization began in Mauritania, one that until then had been resisted successfully by the Berbers. Several groups of Yemeni Arabs who had been in the north of Africa turned south to Mauritania. Settling in northern Mauritania, they disrupted the caravan trade, causing routes to shift east, which in turn led to the gradual decline of Mauritania's trading towns. One particular Yemeni group, the Bani Hassan, continued to migrate southward until, by the end of the 17th century, they dominated the entire country. The last effort of the Berbers to shake off the Arab yoke was the Mauritanian Thirty Years' War (1644–74), or Sharr Bubba, led by Nasr ad-Din, a Lemtuna imam. This Sanhadja war of liberation was, however, unsuccessful; the Berbers were forced to abandon the sword and became vassals to the warrior Arab groups.
Thus, the contemporary social structure of Mauritania can be dated from 1674. The warrior groups or Arabs dominated the Berber groups, who turned to clericalism to regain a degree of ascendancy. At the bottom of the social structure were the slaves, subservient to both warriors and Islamic holy men. All of these groups, whose language was Hassaniya Arabic, became known as Maures. The bitter rivalries and resentments characteristic of their social structure were later fully exploited by the French.
Early European involvement.
Despite the Almoravid domination of Spain in the 11th and 12th centuries, there seems to be little evidence of contact during that time between Mauritania and Europe. The inhospitable coastline of Mauritania continued to deter voyagers until the Portuguese began their African explorations in the 15th century. The area of Mauritania was of little interest to either Arab or European conquerors; the existence of gold reserves in the interior was not yet known, and the important trade routes passed the territory well to the east, through Timbuktu. The Saadi dynasty conquered much of the Saharan interior but did not show interest in expanding their territory westward.
The Portuguese had established a trading fort at Arguin, southeast of Cap Blanc (present-day Ras Nouadhibou), in 1455. 
The king of Portugal also maintained a commercial agent at Ouadane in the Adrar in an attempt to divert gold traveling north by caravan. Having only slight success in their quest for gold, the Portuguese quickly adapted to dealing in slaves. In the mid-15th century, as many as 1,000 slaves per year were exported from Arguin to Europe and to the Portuguese sugar plantations on the island of Sao Tomé in the Gulf of Guinea.
With the merger of the Portuguese and Spanish crowns in 1580, the Spaniards became the dominant influence along the coast. In 1638, however, they were replaced by the Dutch, who were the first to begin exploiting the gum arabic trade. Produced by the acacia trees of Trarza and Brakna and used in textile pattern printing, this gum arabic was considered superior to that previously obtained in Arabia. 
By 1678 the French had driven out the Dutch and established a permanent settlement at Saint-Louis at the mouth of the Senegal River, where the French Company of the Sénégal River ("Compagnie Française du Sénégal") had been trading for more than fifty years.
The Maures, with whom the Europeans were trading, considered the constant rivalries between European powers a sign of weakness, and they quickly learned the benefits of playing one power against the other. For example, they agreed simultaneously to give monopolies to the French and the Dutch. The Maures also took advantage of the Europeans whenever possible, so that when the French negotiated with the emir of Trarza to secure a monopoly on the gum arabic trade, the amir in exchange demanded a considerable number of gifts. Thus began the coutume, an annual payment expected by the Maures for doing business with a government or a company. By 1763 the British had expelled France from the West African coast, and France recovered control only when the Congress of Vienna in 1815 recognized French sovereignty over the coast of West Africa from Cap Blanc south to Senegal.

</doc>
<doc id="18536652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18536652" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Galle">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Galle

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Galle () is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in Sri Lanka. 
Erected as the Diocese of Galle in 1893, the diocese is suffragan to the Metropolitan Archdiocese of Colombo. In 1995, part of the diocese was split off to form the Diocese of Ratnapura
The current bishop is Raymond Kingsley Wickramasinghe, appointed in 2011.
History.
The Southern and Sabaragamuwa Provinces were part of the Metropolitan Archdiocese of Colombo (1887) and, before, of the “Southern Vicarate of Ceylon” (1847). The diocese was established in 1893.
The original Diocese of Galle comprised the Southern and Sabaragamuwa civil Provinces of Sri Lanka. As such it extended from the foot hills of Utuwankanda to the coastal parish of Hambantota, covering an area of of the most varied aspect from the point of view of scenery, population and pastoral engagements.
However, right back into the time of Blessed Joseph Vaz and his Oratorian disciples and still earlier in Portuguese times (mid 16th Century) stations in its coastal fringe as well as in its Ratnapura reaches are on record for Evangelization and advanced pastoral structure.
After the division of the Diocese in 1995 into Ratnapura, nearly 9000 Catholics are still spread unevenly across the hills and dales and beaches of the Galle Diocese. The present diocese of Galle has a geographical area, comprising the Southern Province embracing Galle, Matara and Hambantota civil districts having an area of . The membership of the Presbyterium counts 28 Priests of whom 24 diocesans and four Religious and serve in 12 parishes and other institutions of Diocesan Apostolates. Nearly 90 Religious Sisters extend their supportive hands in serving the people of God in Ruhunu Rata Diocese.
The first bishop of the diocese was the Belgian Jesuit Joseph Van Reeth SJ who guided the destinies of the infant diocese from 1893 to 1923. Rt. Rev. Dr. Gaston Robchez SJ, the Bishop of Trincomalee and Apostolic Administrator of Galle for ten years (1923–1933). The last Jesuit bishop Msg. Nicholas Laudadio SJ took up the responsibilities of the diocese in 1933 for 30 years.
Msg Anthony De Saram, sent from Colombo, became the first diocesan bishop of the Diocese in 1964 until 1982. With his demise, Msg. Sylvester Wewitavidanelage was installed in 1982 until 1993. In 1993 Msgr. Elmo Noel Joseph Perera, a priest originating from the diocese, was installed the Bishop of Galle. He served the diocese till his retirement in 1995. Fr. Terrence Leanage took over the affairs of the diocese as Apostolic Administrator. Bishop Harold Anthony Perera, Bishop of Ratnapura, was installed on .

</doc>
<doc id="18536670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18536670" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Chilaw">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Chilaw

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Chilaw (Lat: "Dioecesis Chilavensis") is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in Sri Lanka.
Erected as the Diocese of Galle in 1939, the diocese is suffragan to the Archdiocese of Colombo. In 1995, part of the diocese was split off to form the Diocese of Kurunegala.
The current bishop is Warnakulasurya Wadumestrige Devasritha Valence Mendis, appointed in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="18536695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18536695" title="Nanomorphic cell">
Nanomorphic cell

The Nanomorphic Cell is a conception of an atomic-level, integrated, self-sustaining microsystem with five main functions: internal energy supply, sensing, actuation, computation and communication. Atomic level integration provides the ultimate functionality per unit volume for microsystems. The Nanomorphic Cell abstraction allows one to analyze the fundamental limits of attainable performance for nanoscale systems in much the same way that the Turing Machine and the Carnot Engine support such limit studies for information processing and heat engines respectively.
The Nanomorphic Cell concept is inspired by the trend, synergistic with semiconductor device scaling; to use these core technologies for diverse integrated system applications. This trend is called Functional Diversification and is characterized by the integration of non-CMOS devices such as sensors, actuators, energy sources etc. with traditional CMOS and other novel information processing devices. The multifunctional microsystems becomes morphic (literally means "in the shape of" ) because its architecture are defined by the specific application and the fundamental limits on volumetric system parameters .
The Nanomorphic Cell model was applied to analyze the capabilities of an autonomous integrated microsystem on the order of the size of a living cell, i.e. a cube of 10 micrometer on a side 2. The function of this microsystem is, for example, upon injection into the body, to interact with living cells, e.g. determine the state of the cell and to support certain “therapeutic” action. It must have the capability to collect data on the living cell, analyze the data, and make a decision on the state of the living cell. It must also communicate with an external controlling agent, and possibly, take corrective action. Such a cell would need its own energy sources, sensors, computers, and communication devices, integrated into a complete system whose structure is dictated by the intended nanomorphic cell function. The Nanomorphic Cell can be considered as an extreme example of a class of systems known generically as Autonomous Microsystems, for example WIMS (Wireless Integrated Microsystems) PicoNode [4, Lab-on-a-Pill and Smartdust [6.
References
1. R.K. Cavin, V.V. Zhirnov, “Morphic architectures: Atomic-level limits”, "Mater. Res. Symp. Proc." vol. 1067E (2008) B01-02.
2. R. Cavin, J. A. Hutchby, V. Zhirnov, J. E. Brewer, and G. Bourianoff, “Emerging Research Architectures”, "Computer" vol. 41 (2008) 33-37.
3. K. D. Wise, “Integrated sensors, MEMS, and microsystems: Reflections on a fantastic voyage”, "Sensors and Actuators A" vol. 136 (2007) 39-50.
4. J. Rabaey, J. Ammer, B. Otis, E. Burghardt, Y. H. Chee, N. Pletcher, M. Sheets, H. Qin, “Ultra-low-power design – The roadmap to disappearing electronics and ambient intelligence”, "IEEE Circ. Dev." vol. 22 (2006) 23-29.
5. E. A. Johannessen, L. Wang, S. W. J. Reid, D. R. S Cumming, J. M. Cooper, “Implementation of radiotelemetry in a lab-on-a-pill format”, "Lab on a Chip" vol. 6 (2006) 39-45.
6. B. W. Cook, S. Lanzisera, K. S. J. Pister, “SoC issues for RF smart dust”, "Proc. IEEE" vol. 94 (2006) 1177-1196.

</doc>
<doc id="18536699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18536699" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Badulla">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Badulla

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Badulla (Lat: "Dioecesis Badullanus") is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in Sri Lanka.
Erected as the Diocese of Badulla in 1972, the diocese was created from territory in the Diocese of Kandy. The diocese is suffragan to the Archdiocese of Colombo.
The current bishop is Julian Winston Sebastian Fernando, appointed in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="18536706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18536706" title="Colonial Mauritania">
Colonial Mauritania

The period from the mid-nineteenth to mid-twentieth centuries is the colonial period in Mauritania.
Early relationship with Europe.
Before the nineteenth century, the European powers in West Africa were interested only in coastal trade; they attempted no important inland exploration and established no permanent settlements (except Saint-Louis). The European mercantile companies on the coast were charged with making the highest possible profit. Four such French companies enjoyed an official French-government monopoly of the Senegal River trade from 1659 to 1798. Contact with the Maures and the black inhabitants of the valley came about only in the course of trade. From the beginning, French influence, competing with traditional trading partners north and east of Mauritania, came through Senegal.
In 1825 the new Emir of Trarza, Muhammad al Habib, sought to reassert his sovereignty over the French-protected Oualo Kingdom to the south of the Senegal River by marrying the heiress to the kingdom. This action, which French authorities viewed as a hostile threat, combined with the emir's efforts to sell gum arabic to the British, brought a strong French reaction. Although the Maures were able to lay siege to Saint-Louis, a large French expeditionary force defeated the emir's forces. The French concluded that to secure the continuing profitability of the gum arabic trade, they would have to forcibly occupy the northern bank of the Senegal River.
Implementing this new policy was Louis Faidherbe, the French governor of Senegal from 1854 to 1861 and from 1863 to 1865. In 1840 a French ordinance had established Senegal as a permanent French possession with a government whose jurisdiction extended over all settlements then effectively under French control, including those in Mauritania. By undertaking the governance of these Mauritanian settlements, French rulers directly challenged Maure claims of sovereignty. Under orders from the new government of Louis Napoleon to end the "coutume", to secure the gum arabic trade, and to protect the sedentary populations of the southern bank from Maure raids, Faidherbe conquered the Oualo Kingdom. He then turned his attention to the amirates of Trarza and Brakna that had united against him. The Maures attacked Saint Louis in 1855 and almost succeeded in reclaiming the settlement, but they were repulsed and defeated a year later, north of the Senegal River. The treaties ending the war extended a French protectorate over Trarza and Brakna, replaced the "coutume" with a 3 percent annual rebate on the value of gum arabic delivered, and recognized French sovereignty over the northern bank of the Senegal River.
In addition to his military ventures, Faidherbe sponsored an active program to undertake geographic studies and establish political and commercial ties. In 1859 and 1860, Faidherbe sponsored five expeditions, including one that mapped the Adrar, to all areas of western and southern Mauritania.
Faidherbe's successors were content to maintain his gains and did not embark on further military ventures. French colonial policy at this time can best be characterized by the warning given by the Colonial Ministry to the governor of Senegal in the late 1870s: "Let us not hear from you." With France's virtual abandonment of Senegal, the relative calm created in the Chemama and southern Mauritania through Faidherbe's efforts came to an end. The Maures resumed their traditional practices of internecine warfare and pillaging villages in the Chemama. In virtual control of the colonial administration, the commercial companies of Saint-Louis sold arms to the Maures, while at the same time outfitting French punitive missions. Scientific expeditions into Mauritania became increasingly subject to attack, and their European leaders were killed or held for ransom. The obvious weakness of the French and their distraction with events elsewhere in the region emboldened the amirs to demand and secure the reinstatement of the "coutume".
At the beginning of the twentieth century, after 250 years of French presence in Mauritania, the situation was little changed. The endemic warfare between different Maure groups may even have increased as French merchants made arms readily available, and colonial forces defended camps north of the Senegal River against Maure pillagers. Though formally under the "protection" of the French, the Maures were as fiercely independent as ever.
Pacification.
In 1901 the French government adopted a plan of "peaceful penetration" for the administrative organization of areas then under Maure suzerainty. The plan's author was Xavier Coppolani, a Corsican brought up in Algeria, who was sent to Mauritania as a delegate from the French government. Coppolani set up a policy not only to divide, weaken, and pacify the Maures but also to protect them. Although he served in Mauritania for only four years (1901–05), the French called Coppolani the father of the French colony of Mauritania, and the Maures knew him as the "Pacific Conqueror" of the territory.
During this period, there were three "marabouts" of great influence in Mauritania: Shaykh Sidiya Baba, whose authority was strongest in Trarza, Brakna, and Tagant; Shaykh Saad Bu, whose importance extended to Tagant and Senegal; and Shaykh Ma al Aynin, who exerted leadership in Adrar and the north, as well as in Spanish Sahara and southern Morocco. By enlisting the support of Shaykh Sidiya and Shaykh Saad against the depredations of the warrior clans and in favor of a Pax Gallica, Coppolani was able to exploit the fundamental conflicts in Maure society. His task was made difficult by opposition from the administration in Senegal, which saw no value in the wastelands north of the Senegal River, and by the Saint-Louis commercial companies, to whom pacification meant the end of the lucrative arms trade. Nevertheless, by 1904 Coppolani had peacefully subdued Trarza, Brakna, and Tagant and had established French military posts across the central region of southern Mauritania.
As Faidherbe had suggested fifty years earlier, the key to the pacification of Mauritania lay in the Adrar. There, Shaykh Ma al Aynin had begun a campaign to counteract the influence of his two rivals—the southern marabouts, Shaykh Sidiya and Shaykh Saad—and to stop the advance of the French. Because Shaykh Ma al Aynin enjoyed military as well as moral support from Morocco, the policy of peaceful pacification gave way to active conquest. In return for support, Shaykh Ma al Aynin recognized the Moroccan sultan's claims to sovereignty over Mauritania, which formed the basis for much of Morocco's claim to Mauritania in the late twentieth century. In May 1905, before the French column could set out for Adrar, Coppolani was killed in Tidjikdja.
With the death of Coppolani, the tide turned in favor of Shaykh Ma al Aynin, who was able to rally many of the Maures with promises of Moroccan help. The French government hesitated for three years while Shaykh Ma al Aynin urged a jihad to drive the French back across the Senegal. In 1908 Colonel Henri Gouraud, who had defeated a resistance movement in the French Sudan (present-day Mali), took command of French forces as the government commissioner of the new Civil Territory of Mauritania (created in 1904), captured Atar, and received the submission of all the Adrar peoples the following year. By 1912 all resistance in Adrar and southern Mauritania had been put down. As a result of the conquest of Adrar, the fighting ability of the French was established, and the ascendancy of the French-supported marabouts over the warrior clans within Maure society was assured.
The fighting took a large toll on the animal herds of the nomadic Maures, who sought to replenish their herds in the traditional manner—by raiding other camps. From 1912 to 1934, French security forces repeatedly thwarted such raids. The last raid of the particularly troublesome and far-ranging northern nomads, the Reguibat, occurred in 1934, covered a distance of 6,000 kilometers, and netted 800 head of cattle, 270 camels, and 10 slaves. Yet, except for minor raids and occasional attacks—Port-Etienne (present-day Nouadhibou) was attacked in 1924 and 1927—the Maures generally acquiesced to French authority. With pacification, the French acquired responsibility for governing the vast territory of Mauritania.
French Colonial Policy.
From the time of the French Revolution in 1789, the two main characteristics of French colonial policy in West Africa were the quest for international prestige and the cultural assimilation of indigenous populations. France's efforts to build a colonial empire may be considered a reaction to British imperial successes: colonies were a necessary burden the French took on to maintain their international stature. These efforts were always subordinate to the considerations of continental politics. As a result, little attention was paid to the political, social, and economic development of the overseas territories.
The policy of assimilation had its origins in the French Revolution, when the National Convention in 1794 declared that all people living in the colonies were French citizens and enjoyed all republican rights. Under Napoleon and the Consulate (1799–1804), the law was soon repealed. In 1848, at the outset of the Second Republic, citizenship rights were again extended, and representation in the National Assembly was provided for the four communes of Senegal (Saint-Louis, Dakar, Rufisque, and Gorée). Although these rights were retained by the Senegalese, they did not apply to Mauritania or other French territories in West Africa. Elsewhere in West Africa, although assimilation was the theoretical basis of administration, a policy evolved that shared elements of British colonial practice. For example, Africans were subjects of France, not citizens, and had no political rights or rights of representation. The centralized and direct administration embodied in the doctrine of assimilation was maintained, however, and a functional collaboration between French rulers and an assimilated indigenous elite developed. Although by World War II colonial policy was still labeled assimilationist, only a very few Africans were assimilated. For the majority of Africans, the realities of French colonial policy were far from the spirit of French egalitarianism.
French Administration Through World War II.
Long-time appendage of Senegal, was not considered worth the expense necessary to pacify and develop it until Coppolani succeeded in changing the attitude of the French government. In 1904 France recognized Mauritania as an entity separate from Senegal and organized it as a French protectorate under a delegate general in Saint-Louis. With the success of the first pacification attempts, the status of Mauritania was upgraded to that of a civil territory administered by a commissioner of government (first Coppolani, later Gouraud). Although formally separate from French West Africa (Afrique Occidentale Française—AOF), which had been created in 1895, Mauritania was closely tied to its administrative structure and had its annual budget appended to that of the AOF. On December 4, 1920, by a decree of the Colonial Ministry in Paris, Mauritania was officially included in the AOF with the six other French West African territories—Senegal, the French Sudan, Guinea, Côte d'Ivoire, Dahomey (present-day Benin), and Niger.
The AOF was organized pyramidally under a centralized federal structure in Dakar. Directly appointed by the president of the French Republic, the governor general of the AOF came to have a great deal of power because of the instability and short duration of Third Republic governments in Paris. The governor general was the head of centralized administrative bureaucracy consisting of a lieutenant governor for each territory, the commandant of a cercle (a colonial administrative subdivision), and chiefs of subdivisions, cantons, and villages. The key figure in the system was the commandant in each cercle, who was almost always a European and who was closest to the indigenous population in his duties of collecting taxes, overseeing works projects, maintaining peace and security, and carrying out administrative decrees. Generally, the subdivisions subordinate to the commandant were manned by Africans. For these positions, the French relied to a great extent on the traditional hierarchy of chiefs or their sons. In keeping with their policy of direct, centralized rule, the French made it clear that these African chiefs exercised authority not by virtue of their traditional position but by virtue of their status as modern colonial administrators.
Before 1946 no legislative bodies existed in the AOF. The governor general was assisted by the Grand Council in Dakar, Senegal, which since 1925 had represented the federation's major interest groups (military personnel, civil servants, and businessmen). But the council had only consultative status, and its members were all appointed by the governor general. Similar administrative councils advised the lieutenant governors in all of the territories except Mauritania and Niger.
Mauritania's administrative structure conformed generally with that of the rest of the AOF territories. There were, however, some very important differences. Unlike the other territories (with the possible exception of Niger), most of the cercles still had military commandants because of the late date of the territory's pacification. The resultant conflicts between military and civilian authorities caused frequent administrative changes and reorganizations, including shifts in boundaries that tended to create confusion.
The importance of the role of the traditional Maure chiefs in the administration was the most significant difference between Mauritania and the other AOF territories and has probably had the greatest continuing impact. The extent to which administrative practice in Mauritania contradicted the French policy of direct rule and resembled British indirect rule is noteworthy. From the time of Coppolani, the administration had relied heavily on the marabouts for support and administration. In recognition of the support given by Shaykh Sidiya of Trarza, the French placed the school of Islamic studies at Boutilimit under his control. Traditional administrators of Islamic justice, the qadis, were put on the French payroll without supervision, and administrative appointments of chiefs were subject to the approval of the traditional jamaa.
In an effort to maintain order throughout the turbulent territory, the French co-opted the leaders of certain warrior groups to serve the administration. Notable among these were the amirs of Trarza, Brakna, and Adrar, the three most powerful men in the colony, who were aided by 50 heads of smaller groups and the more than 800 chiefs of factions and subfactions. Although there was extensive French interference in the operations of the traditional authorities, the traditional social structure of Mauritania was maintained and thrust into the modern world.
With the outbreak of World War II in 1939, France's African territories were called upon to supply troops and provisions for the war effort. After France fell in 1940, the Vichy government gained control of the AOF and replaced the official policy of assimilation with a policy of racial discrimination in shops, trains, and hotels. Existing democratic institutions were repressed, and the administrative councils were abolished. Elements of French colonial policy, such as the indigénat and forced labor, were abused. The chiefs, on whom the Vichy government in Dakar relied, were increasingly seen as collaborators by their people as war-related demands for agricultural production and forced labor besieged them. Sporadic resistance to these abuses was met with summary punishment.
In recognition of the suffering of the people of the AOF territories during the war and of the AOF's contribution to the war effort of the Free French (at one time more than half the Free French forces were Africans), Free French officials convened a conference in Brazzaville, Congo, in June 1944 to propose postwar reforms of the colonial administration. The conference favored greater administrative freedom in each colony, combined with the maintenance of unity through a federal constitution. It also recommended the abolition of the indigénat and forced labor, the establishment of trade unions, the rapid extension of education, and the granting of universal suffrage. The conference was firmly opposed, however, to any concept of evolution outside the French bloc and called for the full application of the assimilationist doctrine. The Brazzaville Conference was the beginning of great political and social change that was to sweep Mauritania and other French African States to independence in less than seventeen years.
Postwar Reforms.
Only slightly developed and long neglected, Mauritania played no role in the rising nationalism in the AOF after World War II. The 1946 constitution of the French Fourth Republic established the former colonies of the AOF as overseas territories of France integrally tied to the French Union. The French administration in Saint-Louis retained jurisdiction in criminal law, public freedoms, and political and administrative organization; the Colonial Ministry could still rule by decree, if the decree did not violate a statute. The indigénat and forced labor were abolished, and French citizenship was extended to all inhabitants of French territories willing to renounce their local legal status.
Elective representation existed on three levels: territorial, federation (AOF), and national (French). A General Council (renamed Territorial Assembly in 1952) was established in each territory with extensive controls over the budget, but with only consultative powers over all other issues. The Mauritanian General Council comprised twenty-four members, eight elected by Europeans and sixteen elected by Mauritanians. Each territory had five representatives, elected from its General Council, on the AOF's Grand Council in Dakar, Senegal, which had general authority over budgeting, politics, administration, planning, and other matters for all of the AOF. Each territory also sent representatives to the National Assembly, the Council of the Republic, and the Assembly of the French Union in Paris.
The franchise created by the 1946 French constitution was small and restricted to government officials, wage earners, veterans, owners of registered property, and members or former members of local associations, cooperatives, or trade unions. Consequently, in the Mauritanian elections of 1946, there were fewer than 10,000 qualified voters. In 1947 individuals literate in French and Arabic were added to the electorate, and in 1951 heads of households and mothers of two children were made eligible. By 1956 suffrage had become universal.
Before 1946 the territory of Mauritania formed one electoral unit with Senegal, which was represented by a single senator in the French Senate. The 1946 constitution, however, separated Mauritania from Senegal politically, giving it a deputy to the French National Assembly. At the same time, the bicameral General Council, which was reorganized into the unicameral Territorial Assembly in 1952, was established in Mauritania. Nonetheless, political activity in Mauritania was minimal. The territory's first party, the Mauritanian Entente, was headed by Horma Ould Babana, who served as the first Mauritanian deputy to the French National Assembly.
The Mauritanian Entente was founded in 1946 under the auspices of Leopold Senghor and Lamine Gueye of the Senegalese section of the French Socialist Party. Formed specifically for the 1946 election, the Mauritanian Entente was neither well organized nor mass based. Yet on a platform calling for movement toward independence and elimination of chiefdoms, Babana easily defeated the candidate of the conservative French administration and the leading clerics. The new deputy, however, spent most of his five-year term in Paris, out of contact with politics in Mauritania. As a result, on his return for the 1951 elections, Babana was defeated by the Mauritanian Progressive Union, led by Sidi el Moktar N'Diaye and supported by the colonial administration and its allies, the traditional Maure secular and clerical ruling classes, who feared the Mauritanian Entente's "socialist" program. In the 1952 election for members of the Territorial Assembly, the Mauritanian Progressive Union won the twenty-two of the twenty-four seats.
The reforms of 1956, or "Loi-Cadre", were even more sweeping than those of 1946. In the face of growing nationalism and the development of a political consciousness in the AOF, the Loi-Cadre ended the integrationist phase of French colonial policy and bestowed a considerable degree of internal autonomy on the overseas territories. Universal suffrage and the elimination of the dual college electoral system led to the creation of district and local representative councils and a great enlargement of the powers of the territorial assemblies. Each territory could now formulate its own domestic policies, although the territories continued to rely on France for decisions concerning foreign affairs, defense, higher education, and economic aid.
The most important provision of the 1956 Loi-Cadre was the establishment of a council of government to assume the major executive functions of each territory that until that time had been carried out by a Paris-appointed colonial official. The councils were composed of three to six ministers elected by the territorial assemblies on the advice of the dominant party. Each minister was charged with overseeing a functional department of government. The head of the ministers became vice president of the council and, in effect, if not in title, prime minister. In Mauritania that person was Moktar Ould Daddah, the country's only lawyer and a member of a prominent pro-French clerical family.
The Road to Independence and the Quest for National Unity.
Mauritania's first government was invested in May 1957 and symbolically chose as its new capital Nouakchott, which by design was situated almost exactly between the Senegal River Valley, populated primarily by black farmers, and the Maure stronghold in Adrar. The choice represented a compromise between these two competing areas. It also set the tone for Daddah's approach to Mauritania's political conflicts: compromise and conciliation for the sake of national unity.
The greatest challenge to national unity was Mauritania's heterogeneous population. As in all the Sahelian states, Mauritania's southern regions were inhabited mainly by peasants who belonged racially and culturally to black Africa, while the population of its northern regions were desert nomads who identified with the Arab world. At independence, Mauritania's estimated 1.5 to 1.8 million people could be divided into three groups: one-third of the inhabitants were both racially and ethnically Maures; another third, although racially black or mixed Maure-black, were ethnically Maures (this group of black Maures was essentially a slave class until 1980, when slavery was abolished); and the remaining third were racially and ethnically black, resembling in many respects the populations in neighboring Senegal and Mali.
Achievement of national unity was impeded by the desires of some Maures, mostly from the northern sections of the country, to unite with Morocco, and the countervailing wishes of many blacks to secede from Mauritania and join the Mali Federation. The defeat of the Mauritanian Entente and Babana by the Mauritanian Progressive Union in the elections of 1951 and 1956, which established the Mauritanian Progressive Union's dominance, led Babana and several of his followers in the summer of 1956 to flee to Morocco, where Babana became head of the National Council of Mauritanian Resistance. With the support of many Maures inside Mauritania, this group supported Morocco's claims to Mauritania and, by extension, Morocco's opposition to Mauritanian independence.
To counterbalance the pro-Moroccan sympathies of many Maures, southern minority groups formed a regional party, the Gorgol Democratic Bloc, committed to the prevention of a Maghribi union and to the maintenance of close ties with black African countries. Intellectuals from various black minorities met in Dakar, Senegal, in 1957 and created the Union of the Inhabitants of the River Valley to fight for minority rights against Maure domination.
Further impeding national unity was the inclusion of French officials in the key ministries of finance and economic planning. Daddah was educated in France and, having just returned to Mauritania to form the government, had not been involved in the rivalries and struggle for power. His consequent congeniality toward the French alienated the Association of Mauritanian Youth, an important group advocated total independence and strict anticolonialism.
In this atmosphere of increasing fragmentation and political instability, Daddah, with the strong support of France, called for unity among all factions. At the Congress of Aleg in May 1958, the Mauritanian Regroupment Party was formed in a merger of the Mauritanian Progressive Union, elements of the Mauritanian Entente that had expelled Babana, and the Gorgol Democratic Bloc. This party was headed by Daddah as secretary general and Sidi el Moktar as president. Its platform called for Mauritania to join the French Community (francophone Africa) and to reject both Morocco's claim to Mauritania and a 1957 French proposal to unite Mauritania with francophone Saharan states in the joint Frenchdominated Common Saharan States Organization. The platform also proposed the systematic organization within the country of local party committees to involve all sectors of the population in the party. The party's program reflected the three main themes of Mauritanian unity: the rejection of federation with Mali or Morocco under any terms, the principle of balance between Maures and blacks within the party and government, and the preeminence of Daddah as the only person capable of holding the country together.
The Mauritarian Regroupment Party represented a union of modern and traditional elements as well as a balance between north and south. The dominance of traditional elements favoring close ties with France led, however, to the end of unity. Progressive youth leaders, excluded from decision making at the party congress convened at Nouakchott in July 1958, defected and formed a new opposition party, the Mauritanian National Renaissance Party (Nahda) with Ahmed Baba Miské as secretary general. The Nahda platform called for total and immediate independence from France and a rapprochement with Morocco. Although the program was designed to rally diverse opposition to the traditional Mauritanian Regroupment Party, the call for rapprochement with Morocco caused Nahda's opponents to label it a Maure party, which cost it the support of the black minorities. But former Mauritanian Entente members, including Babana, supported Nahda. Its anticolonial nationalist platform also attracted many young Maures.

</doc>
<doc id="18536720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18536720" title="Lindenberg Peninsula">
Lindenberg Peninsula

The Lindenberg Peninsula is a peninsula on the eastern coast of Kupreanof Island, Alexander Archipelago in southeastern Alaska. It is separated from the main portion of the island by the Duncan Canal.
The peninsula was named in 1853 by navigator Lt. Vasiliev of the Imperial Russian Hydrographic Department after Russian geographer of Finnish origin G. Lindenberg. Lindenberg explored and surveyed the Alexander Archipelago in 1838.

</doc>
<doc id="18536735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18536735" title="Hakuho Women's College">
Hakuho Women's College


</doc>
<doc id="18536745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18536745" title="Beretta ARX 160">
Beretta ARX 160

The ARX-160 is a modular assault rifle manufactured by Pietro Beretta S.p.A.. Developed for the Italian armed forces as part of the "Soldato Futuro" ("Future Soldier" in English) program, the ARX-160 was launched in 2008 as a commercial weapon system independent from the "Soldato Futuro" ensemble, complete with a companion single-shot 40mm NATO low-velocity grenade launcher, called GLX-160, which can be underslung to the rifle or used with an ad-hoc stock system as a stand-alone weapon.
Design.
The ARX-160 departs from the previously issued Beretta 70/90 weapon system on several points. The weapon is composed of bottom and lower receiver, both manufactured mostly in polymer, and operates through a short-stroke piston system. Feeding is through STANAG magazines.
The weapon's unique features include ambidextrous safeties, magazine catches and charging handle, the ability to change which side spent casings are ejected, a quick-change barrel which can be removed and replaced in seconds without tools, picatinny rails, and a foldable telescopic stock.
The lightweight barrel is chrome lined and manufactured by the hammer forging process at the Beretta factory in Gardone Val Trompia, Lombardy. The standard length is , with a barrel for special operators. A 16 in heavy barrel with match-grade rifling for marksmen and a barrel are being tested. The flash hider has 5 radial cuts and 4 smaller cuts to control muzzle climb in automatic firing. Barrels have a 1:7 twist to fire NATO standard ball and tracer rounds. The non-free-floated barrel is easily removed simply by pulling on slide levers and pulling it out. Changing barrels without re-zeroing the sights results in little change in point of impact. An M7 bayonet lug is positioned on top of the barrel rather than underneath it.
The ARX-160 operating system is unique in that the piston moves almost , while other systems move fractions of an inch. The piston follows the bolt carrier almost all the way rearward, resulting in low gas pressure levels and a less sudden and more constant push on the carrier group. The bolt carrier and operating rod being free of the barrel is the reason it can be removed so easily.
The rifle has the ability to eject shells out of either the left or right for ambidextrous operation. The bolt has seven lugs and an extractor on the left and right with no ejector. The extractors are spring-loaded and which way cases are ejected is selected by pressing one through a small hole located past the port. It is small and optimized for the tip of a bullet to fit. The ejection port is open on both sides and directs shells at a 45 degree angle from the barrel. The cocking level is on the bolt carrier and can be altered to either side by pulling it out, swinging it through the ejection port, and pushing it in to secure it in place.
Back-up iron sights are standard and made of the same polymer as the gun's receiver. The front sight post is adjustable for windage and elevation and the rear peep sight has six positions to fire in increments from 100–600 meters. The primary optical sight is the Aimpoint ACIES, a domestic version of the M2 close combat optic. Night vision systems, thermal sights, and other accessories will be available through the Soldato Futuro program.
Different calibers are planned by changing out the barrel, bolt, lower receiver, and magazine. In addition to 5.56 NATO, 7.62×39mm and 6.8mm Remington SPC configurations are planned, as well as the possibility of 5.45×39mm. A prototype heavy version is chambered for the 7.62×51mm NATO as a battle rifle.
ARX-100 Variant.
Designed for the civilian market, especially within the United States, is a semi-automatic variant labeled the ARX-100 that retains the ARX-160's operational features, with the exception that the safety rotates 90 degrees into the Fire position.
History.
Developed for the Italian armed forces as part of the "Soldato Futuro" ("Future Soldier" in English) program, the ARX-160 was launched in 2008 as a commercial weapon system.
Foreign interest.
The Beretta ARX-160 was a Phase II contender in the United States Army Individual Carbine competition to replace the M4 carbine. The Individual Carbine competition was cancelled before a winning weapon was chosen.
In February 2013, the Argentinean Army received an ARX-160 rifle and GLX-160 grenade launcher for evaluation for their special forces.
The Indian Army is testing the ARX-160 as a replacement for the INSAS rifle.

</doc>
<doc id="18536754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18536754" title="Battle of Compton's Ferry">
Battle of Compton's Ferry

The Battle of Compton's Ferry (also known as Little Compton Ferry) was an action during the American Civil War, occurring August 11, 1862, along the Grand River in southwest Livingston County, Missouri.
Colonel John A. Poindexter and his force of 1200 to 1500 Confederate recruits were caught at Compton Ferry along the Grand River by forces under Union Col. Odon Guitar. Here the Federals caught the rebels in the act of crossing the river, causing great havoc and sending them into headlong retreat. Two Union artillery pieces fired a total of eight rounds producing the rout. A large amount of materiel was recovered.
The converging Union forces of Guitar and Benjamin Loan continued to pursue Poindexter's men immediately after this action, dealing them a crippling blow at the Battle of Yellow Creek. The wounded Colonel Poindexter was captured September 1—wearing civilian clothing. 
The result of this battle and the subsequent battle at Yellow Creek was the effective suppression of Confederate recruiting efforts and major guerrilla operations north of the Missouri River in the northwest portion of the state.

</doc>
<doc id="18536765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18536765" title="Nara College of Arts">
Nara College of Arts


</doc>
<doc id="18536766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18536766" title="Florida Gators women's volleyball">
Florida Gators women's volleyball

The Florida Gators women's volleyball team represents the University of Florida in the sport of volleyball. The Gators compete in Division I of the National Collegiate Athletics Association (NCAA) and the Southeastern Conference (SEC). The Gators play their home matches in the O'Connell Center on the university's Gainesville, Florida campus, and are currently led by head coach Mary Wise.
History.
The University of Florida's athletic department, the University Athletic Association, authorized the first intercollegiate varsity women's volleyball team to begin play in the fall of 1984. Marilyn McReavy was the Gators' first head coach, and she led the Gators volleyball team for seven seasons from 1984 to 1990. McReavy's Gators compiled an overall win-loss record of 156–100 (.609), and an Southeastern Conference (SEC) record of 26–20 (.565). Her best SEC finish was second place in 1988, and her 1987 team was the only one that qualified for the NCAA tournament. McReavy resigned after a 15–16 performance in 1990.
Coach Mary Wise was hired to replace Marilyn McReavy in 1991. In their first year under Wise, the Gators won the SEC regular season championship, sharing it with the LSU Tigers volleyball team.
In 1992, Florida made its first ever NCAA Final Four appearance, where they lost in the semifinals to eventual national runner-up UCLA 15-12, 15-12, 15-10.
In 1993, Wise became the first Division I female head coach to guide her team to more than one final four. In 1996, the Gators made their trip to their third final four in five years, losing to Hawaii in the semifinals. Wise was named the American Volleyball Coaches Association (AVCA) Division I National Coach of the Year.
In 1997, the Gators appeared in the final four once again, being swept by Penn State in the semifinals. The roster consisted of a young squad, only have three seniors on the team.
The Gators made their third consecutive final four in 1998, where they again lost in the semifinals, to eventual national champion and undefeated Long Beach State, 15-2, 15-8, 15-10.
In 2002, Florida made their first final four appearance since 1998, defeating Temple in the Sweet 16 and Penn State in the Elite Eight, before falling to eventual national champion Southern California in the semifinals.
After being 0-for-6 in previous NCAA Final Four semifinals, Florida broke through in 2003, by defeating Hawaii in the semis, 30-28, 30-28, 23-30, 30-28. Appearing in their first NCAA title match in school history, the Gators lost to undefeated Southern California in four sets, 25-30, 30-27, 30-19, 30-26. Wise became the first Division I female coach to coach in a championship match. In addition, Florida set a then-NCAA record of 105 straight games won during the 2003 season.
American Volleyball Coaches Association.
All-Americans.
Florida has 28 AVCA All-America selections, 10th all-time in NCAA Division I, and 12 First Team selections, tied for 10th all-time.
National awards.
Player of the Week.
Seven players have earned eight AVCA Division I National Player of the Week award:

</doc>
<doc id="18536769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18536769" title="Media in Medicine Hat">
Media in Medicine Hat

This is a list of media in Medicine Hat, Alberta.
Television.
Medicine Hat is not designated as a mandatory market for digital television conversion. All broadcasting stations broadcast only in analogue.
There are two "cable" television providers in Medicine Hat, Shaw Communications and Telus. Shaw carries American network affiliates from Spokane, Washington.
Medicine Hat has not had over-the-air English-language CBC Television service since CHAT-TV disaffiliated from the network in 2008. CBC is available only on cable or satellite in Medicine Hat, with Shaw offering CBRT-DT from Calgary to is subscribers. Alberta's Radio-Canada station, CBXFT-DT Edmonton, is also available on cable.

</doc>
<doc id="18536770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18536770" title="Supernova (South Korean band)">
Supernova (South Korean band)

Choshinsung (, , "Chōshinsei", all lit. "Supernova") is a South Korean boy band formed under Mnet Media. Its six members specialized in the areas of singing, dance, acting, rap and pop. Since debut, the group gained popularity in South Korea, Japan, Thailand, and other East Asian countries.
History.
2006: Project group.
Before it became Choshinsung, it was a 5 member group named GM5. The group was composed of Park Geonil, Kim Sung Je, Kim Gwangsu, Song Jihyuk, Han Ji Hoo. In December 2006, there was changes in the members. Jung Jae Hoon was removed from the group and replaced by Jung Yoonhak and Kim Jinchul (Jinon of F.Cuz). They performed in BIG4 Concert as GM6. In December 2006, before their debut, Kim Jinchul was removed from the group and replaced by an older trainee, Yoon Sungmo.
2007: Debut.
On September 21, 2007, they debut as CHO SHIN SUNG with 6 members composed of Kim Sungje, Kim Kwangsoo, Song Jihyuk, Park Geonil, Jung Yoonhak and Yoon Sungmo. They performed HIT in KBS Music Bank. Like their name suggests, these six boys are gearing up to explode onto different entertainment venues, showing off their talents as singers, dancers, and actors. Their confidence stems from a two and a half years of extensive vocal, dancing, and acting training. In order to distinguish themselves from other boy bands, Supernova sports a formal look over casual attire - accentuating their masculine appeal. They are known for starring in music videos such as Seeya's & FT Island's. They have also performed at the Big4 Concert back in December 2006. They were featured on Mnet's M!Pick Season 6.
초신성 were nominated for the Best Male Newface Group & Artist of the Year at MKMF 2007.
2008.
On 24 July 2008, the group visited Thailand for their first time, participating in showcases and other events.
2009.
On September 14, Choshinsung collaborated with T-ara to release a digital single, "T.T.L. (Time To Love)", a hip-hop song with electronic sounds. Among the members, only GeonIl, Kwang Soo and JiHyuk, together with T-ara's SoYeon, Hyomin, EunJung and Jiyeon were involved in this project. During the month of September, the seven of them actively promoted the song on the various music shows. A remix version of the song, "T.T.L. Listen 2", was released on October 9, with the MV featuring all the members from both groups. Even though the rest of the members (from both groups) did not have active parts in the remix version, all 12 participated in the song promotions from October onwards.
Choshinsung made their Japanese debut in September with three singles released over three consecutive weeks: "Kimidake wo Zutto", "Hikari", and "Superstar ~Reborn~". The first two singles are new releases, while "Superstar ~Reborn~" is a Japanese remix of their Korean single "Superstar". They released their first Japanese album, titled "Hana", on October 21.
2010.
Choshinsung released their fourth Japanese single, "Last Kiss", on January 2010. The single's b-side "愛唄" (Ai Uta) is a cover of Japanese Hip-Hop group, GReeeN's song of the same name.
They participated as one of the guests for a concert in Bangkok, Thailand.
Choshinsung returned to Korea as they revealed their comeback mv teaser for "On Days That I Missed You (그리운날에)" on August 12, 2010. And then they released their 1st mini Album "Time to Shine" on August 17, 2010. Finally they revealed the full mv for "On Days That I Missed You (그리운날에)" on the next day, August 18, 2010. Later, "Shining Star" is released as their comeback to j-pop industry
They held their "Choshinsei Show 2010" in Yokohama Arena on December 21, 2010 with around 13.000 fans attended the concert.
On late 2010, all members (except Yoonhak as he was busy filming "Love Kimchi") filmed their part for SBS new medical drama "SIGN"
Geonil play as "Seo Yoon Hyung" leader of popular group, "VOICE" who was murdered during the group concert.
2011.
In early 2011, each member was focusing on more on individual activities in both Korea and Japan. Sungje was cast in "I Really Really Like You" with T-ara's Boram. Kwangsoo was cast on "Real School" sitcom with U-Kiss's Dongho, Kiseop and Eli. Following Sungje, Sungmo was cast in the "Coronation Ball" musical. Leader Yoonhak made himself busy by preparing for his Japanese drama, "Love Kimchi", which was broadcast for NHK's 70th Anniversary. He was also cast in a musical titled "Finding Kim Jong Wook" in Korea. Kwangsoo and Sungmo were both chosen as "K-Pop Zone" MC broadcast by MNet Japan. Jihyuk is also cast in the drama "Bachelor's Vegetable Store" as Yoon Ho-Jae.
2012.
Yoonhak released a Japanese single named "Again" on March 21, 2012.
On April 17, Cho Shin Sung (Supernova) released their new mini album entitled 'Stupid Love,' after a long break from promoting in Korea. They will be promoting as a five member group, as their leader Yoon Hak, is currently enlisted in the military.
Sungje was reported injured on July 20, resulting the delay of their comeback scheduled for the month. The member "felt pain on his left leg while practicing".
On August 6, the group announced their second Korean comeback with their single album, '폭풍속으로 (She's Gone)' "lit. Into The Storm". Cho Shin Sung released their teaser photos consisting of all members except Sungje for 'She's Gone' the next day. They made their official comeback in M! Countdown the 9th of August. Member Sungje took painkillers to endure the pain he acquired through his ankle injury.

</doc>
<doc id="18536775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18536775" title="Deadly Weapons (album)">
Deadly Weapons (album)

Deadly Weapons is an album by Steve Beresford, John Zorn, Tonie Marshall and David Toop. The album was originally released on the Nato label in 1986. It is designed as film noir soundtrack music to a film which does not exist and could be considered a forerunner to Zorn's "Spillane" (1987).
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Thom Jurek awarded the album 4½ stars stating "this quartet has done what so many attempt, but so few actually succeed at: They've created a virtual cinema of the unconscious, colored by sound yet evoking not only images but sounds, feelings, and textural awareness; beautiful and harrowing".
Track listing.
"Recorded at Dave Hunt Audio Engineering studio in 1986 and produced by Jean Rochard"

</doc>
<doc id="18536777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18536777" title="Hiroyuki Iwatsuki">
Hiroyuki Iwatsuki

Hiroyuki Iwatsuki (岩月 博之) (born 1970) is a Japanese video game music composer who has contributed to the soundtracks of "Ninja Warriors", "Pocky & Rocky", and "Omega Five". He has been composing and arranging songs for the game company Natsume beginning as early as the 1991 NES title "Chaos World".
For his score to the Xbox Live Arcade shooter "Omega Five", Iwatsuki employed his years of experience creating game soundtracks to fashion retro versions of his songs to simulate the feel of a 16-bit game. An album release was planned after game composer Manabu Namiki listened to the soundtrack prior to the release and suggested the sound design team Super Sweep participate in arrangements for the album.

</doc>
<doc id="18536785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18536785" title="Guillem de Ribes">
Guillem de Ribes

Guillem de Ribes (born "c".1140) was a Catalan nobleman and troubadour, the lord (or castellan) of Sant Pere de Ribes. He was a known composer of lyric verse, but none of his works survive. In the song of Peire d'Alvernhe, probably performed for the entourage of Eleanor, daughter of Henry II of England and fiancée of Alfonso VIII of Castile, in Gascony on its way back to Castile in 1173, Guillem is one of twelve contemporary troubadours (each probably present) satired:

</doc>
<doc id="18536788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18536788" title="Santa Barbara Foresters">
Santa Barbara Foresters

The Santa Barbara Foresters are a college summer baseball team based in Santa Barbara, California. The Foresters are a member of the California Collegiate League of the National Baseball Congress. From to the present, the Foresters have played in Caesar Uyesaka Stadium.
Franchise history.
The Santa Barbara Foresters were started by Bob Townsend in 1991, named after a team sponsored by the local Forester lodge in the 1950s. The Foresters began as a college summer team using metal bats, but soon switched to wood bats in 1996, when they joined the National Baseball Congress. As professional baseball uses wood bats and college baseball uses metal bats, teams like the Foresters provide an opportunity for college baseball players to gain experience using wood bats before signing with a professional baseball team. They have become one of the top summer baseball teams in the country after winning their division fourteen straight years and national championships in 2006, 2008, 2011, and 2012. In 2012 the Foresters, under the direction of Pintard and long time player and coach, Casey Cloud, began a youth, developmental program known as the Junior Foresters.
Rivals.
Santa Barbara's past rivals were the Santa Maria Indians and the Maxim Yankees. The rivalries from these teams stem from the competition between both teams in league play and tournaments. Santa Maria is the only other California team to have won an NBC World Series championship besides the Foresters. Indian and Yankee games often draw considerably higher attendance figures to games at Caesar Uyesaka versus the average for other games. However, the San Luis Obispo Blues and the Conejo Oaks have quickly become the Forester's new rivals due to the elite competition among these teams and the annual trips to Wichita for the NBC World series at the end of the summer.
Retired numbers.
The Santa Barbara Foresters have retired one number, 19. This was the number worn by Eric Pintard, son of Foresters owner and manager Bill Pintard. Eric, former Forester player and pitching coach, started the Hugs for Cubs program in 1995, which benefits kids with cancer. Eric died in 2004. The National Baseball Congress began awarding the Eric Pintard Most Inspirational Player Award in 2004.
Hugs for Cubs.
The Hugs for Cubs program is the official charity of the Santa Barbara Foresters. The Program began after Eric Pintard, a former Forester, lost his life to cancer. The program is aimed towards touching the lives of children currently battling cancer. Forester players make frequent visits to the children's hospital in Santa Barbara and Wichita, Kansas to hang out with and cheer up the patients. Hugs for Cubs also raises money through several annual charity events, ticket and concession sales, as well as raffle sales to help out these children fighting cancer. Every summer, the Foresters will take in a couple of cancer patients and "adopt" them to the team so they may have some fun times and create good memories away from the hospital. Finally, the Hugs for Cubs program holds several events over the summer such as Bowling at Zodos and a night at the ball park where Hugs for Cubs patients get to travel to Angels Stadium.
Radio.
, the Foresters' flagship radio station is Santa Barbara News Press Radio, KZSB 1290 AM. The play by play man is long time Santa Barbara sports figure Gerry Fall. Forester board member James Buckley, Jr. was the broadcaster in 2006 and often fills in.

</doc>
<doc id="18536795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18536795" title="It's Not Easy Being...">
It's Not Easy Being...

"It's Not Easy Being..." is the first album from American indie hip hop group Greenthink. It was self-released in 1998 on cassette only. 
The album was a collaboration between Doseone and Why?, along with other musicians they went go on to work with in the future, including Odd Nosdam who joined them to form Clouddead shortly after.

</doc>
<doc id="18536799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18536799" title="Shinnan-yō Station">
Shinnan-yō Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18536812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18536812" title="Fourier transform on finite groups">
Fourier transform on finite groups

In mathematics, the Fourier transform on finite groups is a generalization of the discrete Fourier transform from cyclic to arbitrary finite groups.
Definitions.
The Fourier transform of a function formula_1
at a representation formula_2 of formula_3 is
So for each representation formula_5 of formula_3, formula_7 is a formula_8 matrix, where formula_9 is the degree of formula_5.
Let formula_11 be a complete set of inequivalent irreducible representations of formula_12. Then, formula_13. Then the inverse Fourier transform at an element formula_14 of formula_3 is given by
where formula_17 is the degree of the representation formula_18
Properties.
Transform of a convolution.
The convolution of two functions formula_19 is defined as
The Fourier transform of a convolution at any representation formula_5 of formula_3 is given by
Plancherel formula.
For functions formula_19, the Plancherel formula states
where formula_11 are the irreducible representations of formula_27
Fourier transform on finite abelian groups.
Since the irreducible representations of finite abelian groups are all of degree 1 and hence equal to the irreducible characters of the group, Fourier analysis on finite abelian groups is significantly simplified. For instance, the Fourier transform yields a scalar- and not matrix-valued function.
Furthermore, the irreducible characters of a group may be put in one-to-one correspondence with the elements of the group.
Therefore, we may define the Fourier transform for finite abelian groups as
Note that the right-hand side is simply formula_29 for the inner product on the vector space of functions from formula_3 to formula_31 defined by
The inverse Fourier transform is then given by
A property that is often useful in probability is that the Fourier transform of the uniform distribution is simply formula_34 where 0 is the group identity and formula_35 is the Kronecker delta.
Applications.
This generalization of the discrete Fourier transform is used in numerical analysis. A circulant matrix is a matrix where every column is a cyclic shift of the previous one. Circulant matrices can be diagonalized quickly using the fast Fourier transform, and this yields a fast method for solving systems of linear equations with circulant matrices. Similarly, the Fourier transform on arbitrary groups can be used to give fast algorithms for matrices with other symmetries . These algorithms can be used for the construction of numerical methods for solving partial differential equations that preserve the symmetries of the equations .

</doc>
<doc id="18536814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18536814" title="Fukugawa Station">
Fukugawa Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18536819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18536819" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Anuradhapura">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Anuradhapura

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Anuradhapura (Lat: "Dioecesis Anuradhapurensis") is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in Sri Lanka. 
Originally erected as the apostolic prefecture of Anauradhapura, the prefecture was created from territory in the Diocese of Jaffna and the Diocese of Trincomalee-Batticaloa.
The prefecture was elevated to a full diocese in 1982, and is a suffragan to the Archdiocese of Colombo.
The current bishop is Norbert Marshall Andradi, appointed in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="18536823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18536823" title="The Wheel of Hurt">
The Wheel of Hurt

"The Wheel of Hurt" is the title of a popular song from 1966 (see 1966 in music). The song was written by Charles Singleton and Eddie Snyder. 
Two versions of "The Wheel of Hurt" were released in late 1966 at virtually the same time. One version was sung by Italian American singer Al Martino, and this was a modest hit, peaking at #59 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart and at #12 on the "Billboard" Easy Listening chart in late 1966.
The second version of "The Wheel of Hurt" was by the American performer Margaret Whiting, a noted singer who had over 40 charting hit singles in the U.S. between 1946 and 1954. Released from her album of the same name, "The Wheel of Hurt" was Whiting's attempt at a comeback; in an interview with "Billboard" magazine from 1966, Whiting told Claude Hall that she "wanted to have a hit record again. Bobby Darin and Frank Sinatra proved it could be done." "The Wheel of Hurt" was Whiting's final song to hit the Top 40 on the Hot 100 chart, where it peaked at #26. The song also spent four weeks at #1 on the Easy Listening chart in November 1966.
Other artists have recorded "The Wheel of Hurt", including country music singer Eddy Arnold.

</doc>
<doc id="18536825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18536825" title="Heta Station">
Heta Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18536834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18536834" title="Tonomi Station">
Tonomi Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18536837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18536837" title="Ranjit Shekhar Mooshahary">
Ranjit Shekhar Mooshahary

Ranjit Shekhar Mooshahary (Assamese: ৰঞ্জিৎ শেখৰ মুছাহাৰী) (born 1946) is an Indian political figure who was Governor of Meghalaya, a state in India, from 2008 to 2013 (July 1, 2008 to July 7, 2013). Previously he was an IPS officer, director-general of National Security Guards (NSG) and the Border Security Force (BSF).
Early life and education.
Ranjit Shekhar Mooshahary was born at Gossiagaon in Kokrajhar district, now under the Bodoland Territorial Areas Districts, of Assam. He completed his pre-university study in Union Christian College, Umiam and then graduated from St Anthonys College, Shillong with honours in Political Science.
Career.
Ranjit Shekhar Mooshahary became an IPS officer of the 1967 batch was allotted the Kerala cadre. He worked on important assignments in Kerala and early on in his career in 1981-82 was commissioner of police of the city of Cochin. Later he held the offices of Inspector General of Police and chief of Crime Branch CID and lastly Director general of the Vigilance and Anti-Corruption Bureau.
Apart from Kerala, Mr Mooshahary has occupied several distinguished posts. He was in the Cabinet Secretariat and had served in the state of Assam, including at a later point in his career in this province's police force. He served in the federal Central Reserve Police Force as Deputy Inspector general and Inspector General during the late eighties and early nineties during which period he served in the states of Tamil Nadu, Jammu and Kashmir and Rajasthan. He was appointed as Director General of the elite National Security Guards (NSG) in February 2002.
He headed the NSG for nearly three years before being shifted as Director General of the BSF, one of the largest standing paramilitary border guarding forces in the world, in 2005. He was the first IPS officer from northeast India to be appointed as the Director-General of the BSF, a position he held till his retirement from active service in February 2006. Mooshahary was awarded with the Police Medal for Meritorious Service and the President's Police Medal for Distinguished Service. He has also served in the CRPF, besides the state police force of Assam and has done a commendable job in combating terrorism, and contributing to the Security of the Republic of India.
In March 2006, Ranjit Shekhar Mooshahary was appointed by the Governor of Assam as the first Chief Information Commissioner of the State under the Right to Information Act enacted by the Parliament of India, a legislation aimed at bringing transparency in Government. He was instrumental in operationalising the legislation and setting in motion the legal processes of redressal mandated therein and held this position up to his elevation to Governorship of Meghalaya State by the President of India for a 5 year term in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18536840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18536840" title="Hōfu Freight Terminal">
Hōfu Freight Terminal

Lines.
Hōfu Freight Terminal is situated on the Sanyō Main Line between Tonomi and Hōfu stations.
History.
The terminal was opened in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="18536849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18536849" title="Hōfu Station">
Hōfu Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18536861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18536861" title="North East Link">
North East Link

The North East Link is a freeway planned to run through Melbourne's north eastern suburbs. It was first proposed in the 1969 Melbourne Transport Plan, and is designed to provide a road connection between the Metropolitan Ring Road in Greensborough and the Eastern Freeway / EastLink junction in Ringwood. It was included in the Brumby government's 2008 Victorian Transport Plan, with an estimated cost of over A$6 billion.
The North East Link freeway would be designated as State Route Number M80 (as per the existing Metropolitan Ring Road).
Route.
The North East Link – often marketed as the ‘missing link’ in Melbourne’s orbital road network – will provide an additional major Yarra River crossing for Melbourne.
Three proposed routes for the North East Link were identified by consultation report prepared by GHD Consulting for the Department of Premier and Cabinet.
Route 1: An eastern option from the Metropolitan Ring Rd to EastLink via Kangaroo Ground and Chirnside Park.
Route 2: A central option from the Metropolitan Ring Rd to EastLink via Eltham and Warrandyte. 
Route 3: A western option from the Metropolitan Ring Rd to Eastern Freeway at Bulleen via Watsonia.
Controversially Route 3 was selected as the preferred route. The link proposes a combination of above-ground roadway and tunnel between Lower Plenty Road and the Eastern Freeway at Bulleen Road which will traverse the Banyule Flats and Yarra River. Two tunnel proposals have been provided citing selection based on budgetary input. A shorter tunnel from Lower Plenty Rd to Bulleen Rd exiting near Heide museum and a longer tunnel from Lower Plenty Rd through to the Eastern Freeway. However the final details of the route are yet to be completed and further detailed engineering investigations and community consultation will be undertaken before finalising a route alignment and design for the road connection.
This project was submitted to the federal Government of Australia for funding consideration.
Proposed benefits.
North East Link would complete the Melbourne's Ring Road project and is estimated to carry around 100,000 vehicles a day, providing non-stop movement and easier access for freight operators, particularly between the growing industrial areas around Ringwood, Dandenong, Campbellfield and the new freight-hub near Donnybrook.
With Melbourne’s north expected to be home to around one million people in 2026, it is posited that the North East Link will reduce reliance on Fitzsimons Lane, Heidelberg Road and Rosanna Road, and enhance road access to Melbourne Airport as well as popular regional and interstate destinations.
Politics.
Current Political Polices
Current Status.
The North East Link freeway is in the initial stages of the planning process in which the nature and scope of the project is being determined. On 9 March 2011, MP Terry Mulder stated that the government would continue to pursue funding for the North East Link. In addition, Mulder said the Coalition would consider rolling out the project in stages. Scoping work for the freeway was due to be completed in April, with a report due mid-year. Pending the outcome of the report, a feasibility study might be initiated.

</doc>
<doc id="18536863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18536863" title="Daidō Station">
Daidō Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18536868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18536868" title="Al G. Barnes Circus">
Al G. Barnes Circus

Al G. Barnes Circus was an American circus run by Alpheus George Barnes Stonehouse.
History.
Stonehouse started the show in 1895 with a pony, a phonograph, a stereopticon. In 1929, his circus, which had grown to 5-ring size, was purchased by the American Circus Corporation, which already owned the Sells-Floto Circus, John Robinson Shows, Hagenbeck-Wallace Circus, and Sparks Circus. That same year John Nicholas Ringling, owner of the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus, bought out the American Circus Corporation. 
The five purchased circuses continued to tour, but were closed one by one during the lean years of the Great Depression. The Al G. Barnes Circus added Sells-Floto to its name in 1937. The following year, it absorbed acts from the early-closing RBBB circus and finished the season as the Al G. Barnes and Sells-Floto Circus Presenting Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Features. However, rather than returning to its own winter quarters in Baldwin Park, California, the circus traveled to the Ringling winter quarters near Sarasota, Florida, never to emerge again. 
One of their more famous animals was Black Diamond, an Indian elephant whose unpredictable temper resulted in the deaths of several people and was shot between 50-100 times in 1929, before his own death.
On May 15, 1922, a large circus elephant known as Tusko escaped from the Al G. Barnes Circus, which was making one of its stops in Sedro-Woolley, Washington at that time. The elephant stomped his way through the little logging town and right into local history, demolishing fences, knocking over laundry lines and trees, telephone poles, and a Model T along the way.

</doc>
<doc id="18536872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18536872" title="Yotsutsuji Station">
Yotsutsuji Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18536876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18536876" title="Nara Saho College">
Nara Saho College


</doc>
<doc id="18536883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18536883" title="Kagawa Station (Yamaguchi)">
Kagawa Station (Yamaguchi)

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18536906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18536906" title="MDic">
MDic

MDic is a multilingual free dictionary software developed for the Linux operating system.
It scans selected text in any program (a texteditor or in an address bar) and pops up to show the result automatically or by pressing a modifier key.
MDic is able to pronounce words by default if the eSpeak or KDE text-to-speech tool is installed.
MDic uses SQLite databases and there is a converter tool (mdicconv) which can convert Babylon(.bgl), Stardict (.ifo), Freedict (.tei) and Sdictionary dictionaries (.dct). The only technical requirements to use MDic is the Qt4 library. MDic can be used on any desktop environment or window manager.

</doc>
<doc id="18536908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18536908" title="Shishmaref Inlet">
Shishmaref Inlet

The Shishmaref Inlet is a coastal lagoon on the Chukchi Sea-facing shores of Alaska. It is 5 miles in length. 
The location of the Shishmaref Inlet is SW 17 mi. to the SW from Sarichef Island, at the mouth of the Serpentine River, Kotzebue-Kobuk Low.
This lagoon was named Shishmaref Bay in 1816 by explorer Lt. Otto von Kotzebue, of the Imperial Russian Navy, after Capt. Lt. Gleb Shishmaryov who accompanied him on his exploration.
The Inuit name of this lagoon has not been reported.

</doc>
<doc id="18536919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18536919" title="RS600">
RS600

The RS600 is a sailing dinghy designed by Clive Everest and Nick Peters and supplied by RS Sailing. It is a single hander with trapeze and racks. It has a Portsmouth Yardstick of 920 and a D-PN of 76.2.
Performance and design.
The RS600 has an epoxy hull, with aluminium racks available in 2 sizes, depending on the helm's weight. The mast is stayed, rotating, carbon fibre with a removable bottom section, allowing the mast to be shortened when the sail is reefed. Sail plan is a single Mylar fully battened main sail, with a zip in reef. 
In 2007, the RS600 with hydrofoils became available. The hydrofoil version known as the RS600FF is a standard RS600 hull with rudder gantry, different foils and a wand attached to the bow. Most RS600FF's are retro fitted RS600s, though new built boats are available in both varieties.

</doc>
<doc id="18536920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18536920" title="Hon-Yura Station">
Hon-Yura Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18536929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18536929" title="Narabunka Women's College">
Narabunka Women's College


</doc>
<doc id="18536931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18536931" title="Bob Fry (golfer)">
Bob Fry (golfer)

Robert Nelson Fry (November 29, 1922 – January 12, 1993) was an American professional golfer instrumental in the development of golf in the Iowa and Illinois area.
Background.
Born in Keokuk, Iowa, Fry began his golf career as a caddy at the age of 9. 
The first documentation of Fry's significant amateur play was in 1942 when the Iowa Open and Iowa Amateur were combined into a 54-hole tournament at the Sunnyside course in Waterloo. He came from nowhere and finished fifth in the field. Starting with a mediocre 77, he went through the last 36 holes with a 71-69. He came back in 1947, after 5 years in the military, to be runner up in the Iowa Amateur bowing in match play to Fred Gordon of Belmond 3 and 2.
During 1943 and 1944, Sgt. Bob Fry served as a navigator in the 69th Squadron, 433rd Troop Carrier Group in New Guinea and Guam under Commanding Officer Cecil B. Guile, Lt. Col., Air Corps. 433rd TC was the largest troop carrier group in the world. According to the group's journal, 
Fry moved to Fort Madison, Iowa, to become head pro at the Fort Madison Country Club at the request of brothers Walt and John Sheaffer of Sheaffer Pen company. 
In 1960, Fry took the head pro position for three municipal golf courses in Davenport, Iowa (Emeis, Duck Creek and Credit Island). He organized an exhibition match with Arnold Palmer and Gary Player at Emeis Golf Course in the early 1960s. This later became the Quad Cities Open.
In 1970, Fry, Heisman Trophy winner Johnny Lujack, Franklin "Whitey" Barnard, John Deere Corporation brothers Jim and Ray McGloughlin, restaurant owner Nic Chirekos and several others developed Crow Valley Golf Club in Bettendorf, Iowa. Originally intended to be a men's only club, and designed specifically with the PGA Tour in mind, the club was forced to open the links to women with the advent of the 'women's lib' movement. Fry brought the Quad Cities Open (known today as the John Deere Classic) to Crow Valley Golf Club. This tournament continues as an annual PGA Tour event through 2010.
"Fry...said the idea of a Quad-City Open probably had its hatching back in 1964. "That year and again in '65, I held a $5,000 tourney at Emeis.., but we dropped the tourney because the PGA and Tournament Players Division (TPD) were having their differences," he explained. "It took about five years for the two groups to straighten out their squabble, " Fry continued. "In 1970, the two groups adopted a program for smaller sponsoring tournaments, calling them satellites instead of labeling them class B or minor meets," said Fry. "I happened to be on the list for such an event - and working through Marshall Dann (the executive director of the Western Golf Association) and the right parties here in the Quad-Cities - we landed last year's tourney." This was probably the best of the 16 satellite stops on the tour in 1971.
Fry won the Iowa Section PGA tournament five times, including a 1965 record-setting 66-62=128 round at Marshalltown to win by 15 strokes. He played in the Western Open countless times, and qualified for the Los Angeles, Tucson and Phoenix Opens for over 20 years. In 1961, Fry shot a qualifying round of 68 at Scottsdale Country Club, tying for low honors in the $32,500 Phoenix Open. He qualified for six PGA Championships, one year recording a 66-62=128 to lead the nation in qualifying. He also recorded 18 holes in one.
In June 1972, Fry defeated Bettendorf pro, Gary Lockie, in a two-hole playoff of the Iowa PGA Match Play to win the Iowa-Western Illinois section title. "There were 49 pros entered with the top 16 advancing to the finals of match play competition where they played 9-hole matches. The remainder played an 18-hole consolation round. A birdie on the par 5, second hole put Lockie ahead before Fry drilled a 20-footer home for a bird on the par 3, fourth hole. Lockie regained the advantage on the next hole when Fry bogeyed, but on the seventh hole it was just the opposite - a par for Fry with Lockie taking a bogey. On the second hole of their playoff after both parred the first extra hold, Lockie's first shot on the par 4, 383-yard 11th hole sailed into the trees on the left side. His second shot was short of the green and the ensuing chip was to the back edge of the green. Lockie then 2-putted for a bogey. Fry settled for a routine par on the hole to claim the title. Fry pocketed $400 of the combined $1000 purse."
Touring pros Lonnie Nielsen, Tommy Aaron, and Jim Jamieson were three of Fry's more famous pupils. Nielsen once said, "I learned more about golf in a two-hour conversation over coffee with Bob Fry than I learned in a lifetime of lessons and practicing."
Jim Jamieson defeated Tommy Aaron in the Western Open in June 1972. "Jamieson...readily admitted good scores were due to the teachings of Bob Fry of Crow Valley Golf Club... Fry gave Jamieson tips on driving... Jamieson missed only three greens in regulation, making three birdies and an eagle in one 5-hole stretch. Jamieson explained Fry got him to concentrate on the tie instead of rushing to get it over with.
"The Michigan Golfer On-Line", in their discussion of Garland-Lewiston, part of the Gaylord Golf Mecca, says instructor "Lee Woodruff's philosophy of teaching comes from his long-time mentor, Bob Fry of Iowa. Fry always talked about balance in his lessons."
Jim Hasley, an assistant to Fry before becoming a pro on his own, tells this story of Fry's character: "A member from one of the local country clubs came into the pro shop and wanted to purchase some new clubs. Fry asked why the member didn't buy these from his own pro. The member said he had been in an argument with the other pro. After the sale, Fry figured out the profit, wrote out a check to the other pro for that amount, and sent the check with a fatherly note to the other pro to get back on good terms with his member."
Fry was one of the few club professionals on the paid staff of Wilson Sporting Goods. Fry helped design and test new equipment. Many still use the special "Bob Fry loft" irons. Joe Phillips of Wilson Sporting Goods upon hearing of Fry's death said, "Bob Fry was the epitome of a golf professional. Although an expert golfer himself, he dedicated his life to teaching golf and helping others improve their game. We've lost a good friend."
Fry was Iowa PGA Section president from 1957 to 1959.
Fry was inducted posthumously into the Iowa Golf Hall of Fame March 22, 1993.
Course records.
"Source"
Tournament wins.
"Source"

</doc>
<doc id="18536939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18536939" title="Kotō Station">
Kotō Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18536964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18536964" title="Ube Station">
Ube Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18536981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18536981" title="Nagasaki Gyokusei Junior College">
Nagasaki Gyokusei Junior College


</doc>
<doc id="18536990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18536990" title="Muyesinbo">
Muyesinbo

The Muyesinbo (also Muyeshinbo) is Korean martial arts manual published in 1759. The book is a revision of the older Muyejebo and adds twelve methods of both armed and unarmed fighting to the original six which were descbribed in the "Muyejebo". No copies of the "Muyesinbo" have survived, but its contents can easily be traced back by comparing the "Muyejebo" and the later Muyedobotongji.
History.
During the reign of King Youngjo (1724–1776) the "Muyejebo" was revised, and supplemented with 12 additional fighting methods by Prince Sado. 
Prince Sado also originated the term Sib Pal Gi (십팔기, 十八技, “Eighteen Fighting Methods”),- a shortened term from Bonjo Muye Sib Pal Ban (본조무예십팔반, 文章武藝十八般, "18 Martial Arts Classes of the Yi Dynasty")- to identify this collection of skills.
Content.
The next six skills already present in the "Muyejebo" can also be found in the "Muyesinbo":
The next twelve skills were added in the "Muyesinbo":
Follow up.
The "Muyesinbo" served has one of the works the more famous Muyedobotongji was based on and refers to. This work was published in 1791.

</doc>
<doc id="18536992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18536992" title="Stout whiting">
Stout whiting

The stout whiting, "Sillago robusta" (also known as the yellow-cheek whiting and school whiting), is a species of benthic marine fish in the smelt-whiting family Sillaginidae. Like other sillaginids, it is an elongate, slightly compressed fish, growing to a maximum known length of 30 cm. The stout whiting is endemic to Australia, with the species divided into western and eastern populations, with the western population ranging from Shark Bay to Fremantle and the eastern population from Bustard Head, Queensland to northern New South Wales. The species inhabits deep, sandy continental shelf regions to a depth of at least 70 m. The stout whiting is a benthic carnivore, consuming a variety of polychaetes and crustaceans. The species grows rapidly, and sexual maturity is reached at a length of 13 cm, with spawning occurring between December and March. Juveniles of the eastern population move to protected inshore waters, while those of the western population remain offshore their entire life. Stout whiting are the subject of a major export fishery operating out of southern Queensland and to a lesser extent New South Wales, with fishery authorities limiting the yearly catch to 1000 tonnes in Queensland. Most of the catch is exported frozen to a number of Asian countries, although small quantities are sold in Australia, with the net worth of the fishery values at around 3 million Australian dollars per year.
Taxonomy and naming.
The stout whiting is one of 29 species in the genus "Sillago", which is one of three divisions of the smelt whiting family Sillaginidae. The smelt-whitings are Perciformes in the suborder Percoidea.
The species was first scientifically described by Stead in 1908 based on a specimen collected from Rose Bay in Port Jackson, New South Wales, which was designated to be the holotype. After this description and naming, the species was once again described and named by William Ogilby in 1910 as "Sillago auricomis", based on a specimen taken from near Hervey Bay in Queensland. This is considered to be junior synonym under ICZN naming rules and has subsequently been discarded. During a comprehensive revision of the sillaginids in 1985, Roland McKay noted that the eastern and western populations of fish varied slightly in their fin osteology and swimbladder morphology, but recommended a full osteological comparison before placing them in subspecies ranks. McKay also postulates that the two populations became separated during the last ice age, when a land bridge closed the Torres Strait to the movement of the species. 
The species is most commonly known as the 'stout whiting', and is recognised as such by the Australian Government. The species is occasionally called the 'yellow-cheek whiting' and also 'school whiting', a broad name applied to a number of Australian sillaginids.
Description.
The stout whiting is similar in appearance to a number of Australian sillaginids, with dorsal fin and swimbladder morphology the best identification features. It is a small fish, reaching a known maximum length of 30 cm, but more commonly seen below 23 cm. Like most sillaginids, the stout whiting has a slightly more convex dorsal profile compared to the ventral profile, reflecting the benthic nature of the species. The dorsal fin is composed of 2 sections; the first consisting of 11 spines and the second of 1 spine followed by 16 to 18 soft rays. Large specimens show a distinct anterior keel on the first spine of the first dorsal fin, with this feature being more pronounced in the eastern population. The anal fin is similar to the second dorsal fin, having 2 spines followed by 16 or 19 soft rays. The lateral line has 65-70 scales, whilst the cheek has 2 to 3 rows of cteniod scales, and there are 33 vertebrae in total. The swimbladders of the two populations are slightly different, with the eastern population having small anterolateral extensions, while the western population lack these. There is a single tapering posterior extension and a duct like process which runs from the ventral surface to the urogenital opening.
In life, the stout whiting is a creamy yellow to sandy pink colour dorsally, with a silvery white with mauve reflections ventrally. The dorsal and ventral colours are sharply separated by a silvery mid lateral band that is often only weakly visible. The body and fins are devoid of any dark markings, with the only breaks in colouration being yellow blotches on the cheeks and a yellow blotch on the base of the first dorsal fin. The first dorsal fin has a white base, becoming darker dorsally, while the anal fin is white, becoming more yellow at the base of the fin. The caudal fin is a pale lemon yellow with a speckled margin, the pelvic fins are white to hyaline and the pectoral fins are hyaline. There have been records of geographical variation in colour amongst the species, especially within Shark Bay. The Shark Bay fish may have faint gold bars trending 50 degrees above the mid lateral silvery band, and may have black dusting on the dorsal and anal fins.
Distribution and habitat.
Stout whiting are endemic to Australia, and consist of two apparently disjunct populations; one on the eastern seaboard, the other on the western seaboard. The eastern population has a wider distribution, inhabiting waters from Bustard Head, Queensland to southern New South Wales. The western population exists from Shark Bay in the north to Fremantle in the south. In his 1985 revision of the Sillaginidae, McKay reported the species from as far north as the Gulf of Carpentaria, but did not mention any specimen from this far north in his follow-up catalogue for the FAO.
Stout whiting are found in deeper waters than other Australian sillaginids, inhabiting sandy substrates at depths of 10 to 70 m. juvenile fish of the eastern population inhabit shallower waters for the first year of life, often in large bays and near surf beaches. The fish of the western population spend their entire lives offshore. In northern Australia, the same offshore niche is occupied by the mud whiting, "Sillago lutea". In southern Queensland, where it coexists in deeper waters with "S. flindersi", the stout whiting shows preference for deep sandy strata with a riverine influence.
Biology.
Due to the emergence of stout whiting as a major east coast fishery, a number of detailed studies have been undertaken to determine the reproductive and growth characteristics of the species in southern Queensland, while a series of studies in southern Western Australia have focused on the diet and movements of the species in relation to the ecology of coexisting sillaginids. Like most smelt-whitings, the stout whiting is a schooling species, occasionally associating with "S. vitttata", "S. burrus" and "S. bassensis" in southern Western Australia and with "S. flindersi" in southern Queensland. The species is thought to form large schools mostly at dawn and dusk.
Diet and feeding.
Stout whiting are benthic predators that forage the sea floor using their protrusile jaws to 'suck up' prey from the substrate. Research conducted in southern Queensland indicates the species preys mostly on crustaceans and polychaete worms. Individuals less than 10 cm predominantly consume small crustaceans such as copepods and mysids, while older fish took more polychaetes. Amphipods and the shrimp genus "Callianassa" were also commonly taken in this study. In southern Queensland, there is also a strong temporal control on the diet, with summer months showing much higher polychaete intake compared to crustaceans and vice versa in winter. A detailed study in southern Western Australia indicated amphipods and polychaetes are the two primary components of this population's diet. Penaeids, ostracods, ophiuroid echinoderms and a variety of molluscs also make up a significant part of the species diet in this area. Once again, larger fish took more polychaetes, and in general broadened their diet with increasing age. This resulted in a low dietary overlap with other coexisting sillaginids present in the same area.
The stout whiting is also a major prey species itself for a number of species, with seals, dolphins and larger fish known predators of the species.
Reproduction and growth.
The stout whiting reaches sexual maturity by the end of its second year of life, with around 50% of fish accomplishing this after only one year. The fish are around 13 cm once they reach sexual maturity.
The patterns of spawning and movement of the juveniles differs between the eastern and western populations. In the western population, unlike many co-occurring sillaginids, stout whiting do not move inshore to spawn and the juveniles do not make their way to shallower waters; instead they spawn offshore, with the fish spending their entire lives in this environment. In contrast, the eastern population do use inshore nursery areas for the juveniles including bays and surf beaches, with this difference between populations attributed to increased competition between sillaginids by some authors. In both populations, spawning occurs over summer, with the fish spawning multiple times between December and March.
Stout whiting are fast growers in comparison to most other smelt-whitings, reaching 80% of its final length after 2 years of life. The species is known to reach a maximum age of 7 years, although most individuals do not survive more than 3 years.
Relationship to humans.
Stout whiting, like most of the smelt-whitings are considered to be good quality table fish, although have soft flesh which results in a tendency to bruise easily. Due to their mostly offshore nature and small size, they are rarely targeted or caught by recreational fishermen, who take an estimated 1 tonne per year. They are however are a major target for commercial operators, especially in southern Queensland.
The Queensland fishery originated in 1981, after a single operator began targeting eastern school whiting, "S. flindersi". It was soon discovered that stout whiting were highly abundant in the surrounding region and the fishery began to shift towards the species. The original operator who realised the potential of the fishery continued after the market took a downfall, upgrading equipment with a new snap freezing facility, which became essential for exporting the fish. There was a rapid expansion in the fishery between 1989 and 1990, with 10 operators recording a 1789 tonne haul in 1990. In 1991 the market once again took a downfall due to low demand, and the fishery is now closely monitored by fishery authorities, with a 1000 tonne limit on the total yearly catch in place since 2000. This limit includes the fish taken as bycatch in other fisheries such as prawn trawling, which means often a sizable amount must be discarded.
In New South Wales, stout whiting were mostly discarded by trawlers until an export market developed in the 1970s. Substantial amounts are taken and mostly discarded by prawn trawlers, and the catch has been stable at around 300-500 tonnes per year since 2000. The western population is not highly exploited.
The fishery is worth a reported 3 million Australian dollars annually (around $2.80 per kg in 1999), with the fish exported to Thailand, China, Vietnam, Japan and Taiwan. These exported fish compete with local Asian sillaginids, especially northern whiting and Japanese whiting, resulting in substantial price fluctuations. Few fish make their way to local markets where they are sold as butterfly fillets.

</doc>
<doc id="18537008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537008" title="Alpheus George Barnes Stonehouse">
Alpheus George Barnes Stonehouse

Alpheus George Barnes Stonehouse, Sr. (September 1, 1862 – July 25, 1931) was the owner of the Al G. Barnes Circus
Biography.
Barnes was born on September 1, 1862, in Lobo, Ontario, Canada, to Thomas S. Stonehouse (1826-1882) and Sarah Barnes (1825-1883). He then married Dollie Arminta Barlow and she filed for divorce in 1916. 
He started a relationship with Babe Eckhart. She played the calliope in his circus. When he refused to marry her, she shot herself just outside of his private railroad car in Idaho in 1919. 
In 1922 his divorce from Dollie Arminta was granted. He then married Sarah Jane Hartigan and they had three children before they would divorced. He lastly married Margaret Goldsboro.
In January 1929, he sold his circus to the American Circus Corporation. 
He died on July 25, 1931 in Indio, California. He had been ill for most of the past year with pneumonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18537010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537010" title="American Journal of Epidemiology">
American Journal of Epidemiology

The American Journal of Epidemiology is a peer reviewed journal for empirical research findings, opinion pieces and methodological developments in the field of epidemiological research. It is published semimonthly, and has an impact of 5.454, ranking it 6th out of 105 Journals in the field.

</doc>
<doc id="18537032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537032" title="Sarichef Island">
Sarichef Island

Sarichef Island is a long and narrow coastal island on the Chukchi Sea-facing coast of Alaska. It is located at the mouth of the Shishmaref Inlet, Kotzebue-Kobuk Low
Sarichef Island is in length. The highest point on the island is above sea level.
Shishmaref town and Shishmaref Airport are located on this island.
This island was named in 1816 by explorer Lt. Otto von Kotzebue, of the Imperial Russian Navy, "in the honor of his worthy" Vice Admiral Gavril Sarychev (1763–1831).

</doc>
<doc id="18537033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537033" title="Northwestern University (Philippines)">
Northwestern University (Philippines)

Northwestern University (NWU) is a private non-sectarian university in Laoag City, Ilocos Norte with a campus. Enrolment is around 6,000 students coming from the provinces of Ilocos Norte and some municipalities of Cagayan, Apayao, and Abra.
Academics.
Northwestern University has eight colleges. Each college has specific target plans which guide them in designing programs which are vertically articulated from the undergraduate to graduate studies. The university offers doctorate, masters, diploma and certificate courses.
Ecotourism Park and Botanic Gardens.
The Northwestern University Ecotourism Park is located at Payas-Samac, San Nicolas, Ilocos Norte in a 7.8 hectare property of the University. It has a hilly topography and surrounded by woodland ecosystem. The project site is about five (5) kilometers away from the downtown Laoag and could be reached by both private and public transport.
the place is also a plethora of fruit bearing trees and richly vast vegetation of wild and edible plants. Birds of all kinds inhabited the place long before the development started. And trying to recapture them by giving a better and favorable environment. The area has a diversified soil strata, some fossilized shells mounted on sand that undergone sedimentation. Corals also found underneath the sub-soils. Soil conditions were sticky to sandy loam. Large amount of clay deposits used chiefly for the production of red bricks are also present. 
Name of the place
The word “payas” had a very conspicuous meaning with respect to the Iloco native tongue “Pa-ayas” or “ayas”. It means to roll down the slope”. This was probably the presence of ubiquitous underground water vein in the area, which was early discovered in primeval. To roll water down the slope to irrigate the low land vegetation is where the place gets its name. and Samac an endemic Macaranga specie of the Euphorbiacea family, it is used for wine and vinegar fermentation. 
Payas Samac Mountain range is also the nearest peak south of the City of Laoag. It is historically known to be a hide away camp during the Japanese Colonization according the early inhabitants of that land.
The Ecotourism Park and Botanic Gardens therefore are another achievement as a fit to be seen out come and the result of its common shared value in restoring and conserving the biodiversity of the province, dedicated to the people of Ilocandia. In Institutional parlance, it is the University’s Corporate Social Responsibility to our Mother Earth. 
As Envisaged by the Late President Ben A. Nicolas the Ecopark and Botanic Gardens were established based on a policy of achieving harmony between resource protection and public use. It is consumptive because of the integration of fresh organic fruits and vegetables produced from its gardens as catered by horticulturists and at the same time non-consumptive because it offers recreation like, camping, picnic, biking, hiking, fishing, sports events, nature photography, Botanical classes, lectures, trainings, seminars, and many more.
The Park is operating in a Zero waste management policy.
Objective, Mission and Vision.
To develop a natural environment and a venue for the collection, identification, conservation and proper utilization of Flora and Fauna, to showcase them in the form of responsible and eco-friendly tourism.
Spearhead the conservation of our flora and fauna in the province which are now in the verge of extinction which all humans and animals depends on.
Maintain the ECOLOGICAL INTEGRITY of the Ecopark and Botanic Gardens as a model for the community in developing their ecologically balanced environment as a big factor in mitigating the effects of Global Warming
Botanic Gardens.
The Botanic Gardens conforms to the General Objectives of the Botanic Garden Conservation International which is to:<br>
(1) Promote scientific research on the collection, identification, utilization and conservation of the world’s Flora especially to our indigenous Philippine plants that are now in the verge of extinction.<br>
(2) Create a broad collection of living plant species as germplasm stocks for horticultural trade to other Botanical Institutions throughout the world.<br>
(3) Highlights the role of Botanic Gardens in promoting zero waste management through community extension as a big factor in mitigating the effects climate change.<br>
(4) Implementing of ex situ and in-situ conservation practices, and<br>
(5) Establish microenvironments to display the world’s Flora according to their system of classification.
See NWU Ecopark at Facebook.
Facebook
See NWU Ecopark page at the BGCI website.
Botanic Garden Conservation International
Publications.
The Review.
"The Review" is the official college student publication of Northwestern University which is published as a broadsheet and includes an annual literary supplement titled "Flame".
Gazette.
The "Gazette" is the bi-annual news magazine of the university reporting on news and events such as university breakthroughs, projects and programs, faculty achievements, and university affairs. The Gazette is also supplemented by a newsletter which comes out once a month.
Balintataw.
"Balintataw" is the high school student publication of Northwestern University and is published as a broadsheet.
NU Research Journal.
The "NU Research Journal" is an annual interdisciplinary journal featuring research works of the faculty, personnel, and graduate school students of the University.

</doc>
<doc id="18537043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537043" title="Nagasaki Junior College">
Nagasaki Junior College


</doc>
<doc id="18537048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537048" title="Onoda Station">
Onoda Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18537066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537066" title="Nagasaki Women's Junior College">
Nagasaki Women's Junior College


</doc>
<doc id="18537073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537073" title="Shi Yuzhu">
Shi Yuzhu

Shi Yuzhu () is a Chinese entrepreneur and software engineer.
Early life and studies.
Shi was born in Huaiyuan County, Anhui Province, in the People's Republic of China in 1962. After he graduated from the Department of Mathematics at Zhejiang University, he did his postgraduate study in the Department of Software Engineering at Shenzhen University.
Business career.
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Giant Interactive, one of China's most successful online game companies. In October, licensed flagship game ZT Online to Astrum Nival of Russia. Founded the company in 2005. Took it public in the U.S. in November 2007. Got a bachelor's degree in mathematics from Zhejiang University, and created a huge following for his Zhuhai Giant Hi-Tech Group in 1991, based on the popularity of a single videogame. Zhuhai Giant collapsed under the weight of massive debt incurred for a 70-story skyscraper that was never built. His recent return to games through an online services provider he founded, ZTgame, has given new life to his entrepreneurial reputation. Shi also has more than 3% stakes in Minsheng Bank, of which he's a director, and Huaxia Bank. Diversifying into Chinese rice wine market.
Giant Interactive.
Giant Interactive is an online game developer and operator in China. The Company focuses on massively multiplayer online (MMO) games that are played through networked game servers, in which a number of players are able to simultaneously connect and interact. The Company’s three MMO games include ZT Online, ZT Online PTP, a pay-to-play game based on the ZT Online free-to-play game, and Giant Online. ZT Online, ZT Online PTP, ZT Online Green, ZT Online Classic Edition and Giant Online together had 1,572,000 quarterly peak concurrent users and 474,000 quarterly average concurrent users during the year ended December 31, 2009. In addition, it launched two free-to-play games, ZT Online Green and My Sweetie, and introduced King of Kings III, or K III, XT Online and The Golden Land in 2009. In December 2009 and January 2010, the Company acquired two licenses to operate Elsword and Allods Online, two three dimensional-MMO games, in mainland China.
Wealth.
In 2010's Forbes World's Billionaires List, Shi was ranked no. 616 in the world with a net worth of 1.6 Billion US Dollar 
According to the Hurun Report 2007, Shi has a net worth as high as 28 billion Chinese Yuan (= 4.0 billion USD; ranked No.15 in Mainland China).

</doc>
<doc id="18537078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537078" title="Habu Station">
Habu Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18537086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537086" title="Ozuki Station">
Ozuki Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West
 

</doc>
<doc id="18537095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537095" title="Shinshu Honan Junior College">
Shinshu Honan Junior College


</doc>
<doc id="18537097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537097" title="Chōfu Station (Yamaguchi)">
Chōfu Station (Yamaguchi)

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18537115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537115" title="Transport in Hobart">
Transport in Hobart

The city of Hobart, Tasmania is served by a wide variety of transport. While the city's main form of transport is private transport on the road network, transport is also available by bus, ferry and aircraft. A suburban train service operated between Hobart and Brighton from the 1870s until 31 December 1974. There has been, however, talk in recent years of reinstating a train service in the northern suburbs.
Cycling.
There are many bike tracks in the greater Hobart area, one of the most notable being the intercity bike track which runs from Hobart 12 km north to Glenorchy along an unused rail line of the Hobart–Bridgewater rail corridor. Other bike routes travel through Mount Wellington and the waterfront of the River Derwent at various locations.
Road.
The car is the dominant mode of transport in Hobart. The Davey/Macquarie couplet expand east-west along the southern fringe of the city centre connecting the three major highways; the Southern Outlet, the Tasman Highway and the Brooker Highway which expand out to the outer suburbs. These highways are in turn supported by secondary arterial roads; Goodwood, Sandy Bay and Main Roads aswell as the East Derwent and South Arm Highways.
Public transport is provided by Metro Tasmania bus services.
Taxis and limousines operate with no ties to Metro. Taxi Combined holds the largest fleet of taxicabs in Hobart. Yellow Cabs service the city to a lesser degree. Wrest Point Hotel Casino Limousines provide luxury transport in Hobart.
Rail.
Hobart's tram network was built in 1893 and was the first completely electric network in Australia. In 1960, the tram service was decommissioned in favor of the trolleybus, although this service only lasted eight years and was replaced in 1968 by a motorised bus service. There has been talk in recent years of re-introducing trams to Hobart, however this has never eventuated.
Hobart has a narrow gauge railway corridor which starts at the city centre and travels north towards Bridgewater. This line is currently only used for freight trains, however a $400,000 feasibility study is currently underway for the possible introduction of commuter trains along the Hobart-Bridgewater rail corridor. The rail corridor will be available for use when the Hobart freight yards are moved to Brighton thus freeing the train lines of most freight trains, although rail freight access to the port at Hobart will be retained for container rail traffic. A state-of-the-art light rail could then ride the rail corridor creating a new express route to Hobart.
Water.
Hobart has the second deepest natural port in the world, second to only Rio de Janeiro in Brazil. There are currently three operators that run ferries upon the River Derwent. They are Hobart Cruises, Navigators, and Hobart Yellow Water Cab.
Ferry services operate twice-daily express river crossing services for commuters in morning and evening rush-hour slots from Bellerive Quay to Sullivans Cove, and return. The trip takes approximately seven minutes operated by Hobart Yellow Water Cab. The trip allows commuters from Clarence to arrive just a five minute walk from the CBD. Since the opening of the Museum of Old and New Art in January 2011, a regular daily ferry operates from Sullivan's Cove to the museum's location in the northern suburb of Berriedale.
Hobart serves as Australia's main sea link to Antarctica for the Australian Antarctic Division located in Kingston. Hobart is the home port to the Australian Icebreaker the "Aurora Australis" which serves the Australian Antarctic Territory during the summer months. Hobart is also home to the French ship "l'Astrolabe", which makes regular supply runs to the French Southern Territories located around Antarctica.
Airports.
Hobart is served by Hobart International Airport in the city's east for regional, domestic and international flights and Cambridge Aerodrome in the city's eastern suburbs for general aviation and charter flights.

</doc>
<doc id="18537117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537117" title="Shinshu Junior College">
Shinshu Junior College


</doc>
<doc id="18537125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537125" title="Admete (gastropod)">
Admete (gastropod)

Admete is a genus of medium-sized sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the family Cancellariidae, the nutmeg snails.
Species.
According to the World Register of Marine Species (WoRMS), the following species with valid names are within the genus "Ademete" : 

</doc>
<doc id="18537129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537129" title="Shin-Onomichi Station">
Shin-Onomichi Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18537138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537138" title="Higashi-Hiroshima Station">
Higashi-Hiroshima Station


</doc>
<doc id="18537140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537140" title="Iida Women's Junior College">
Iida Women's Junior College


</doc>
<doc id="18537157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537157" title="Shin-Iwakuni Station">
Shin-Iwakuni Station


</doc>
<doc id="18537179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537179" title="Morphological skeleton">
Morphological skeleton

In digital image processing, morphological skeleton is a skeleton (or medial axis) representation of a shape or binary image, computed by means of morphological operators.
Morphological skeletons are of two kinds: 
Skeleton by openings.
Lantuéjoul's formula.
Continuous images.
In (Lantuéjoul 1977), Lantuéjoul derived the following morphological formula for the skeleton of a continuous binary image formula_1:
where formula_3 and formula_4 are the morphological erosion and opening, respectively, formula_5 is an open ball of radius formula_6, and formula_7 is the closure of formula_8.
Discrete images.
Let formula_9, formula_10, be a family of shapes, where "B" is a structuring element,
The variable "n" is called the "size" of the structuring element.
Lantuéjoul's formula has been discretized as follows. For a discrete binary image formula_13, the skeleton "S(X)" is the union of the skeleton subsets formula_14, formula_15, where:
Reconstruction from the skeleton.
The original shape "X" can be reconstructed from the set of skeleton subsets formula_14 as follows:
Partial reconstructions can also be performed, leading to opened versions of the original shape:
The skeleton as the centers of the maximal disks.
Let formula_20 be the translated version of formula_21 to the point "z", that is, formula_22.
A shape formula_20 centered at "z" is called a maximal disk in a set "A" when:
Each skeleton subset formula_27 consists of the centers of all maximal disks of size "n".

</doc>
<doc id="18537181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537181" title="Matsumoto Junior College">
Matsumoto Junior College


</doc>
<doc id="18537201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537201" title="Pasi Hyvärinen">
Pasi Hyvärinen

Pasi Hyvärinen (born November 22, 1987) is a volleyball player from Finland. He has played for Muuramen Lentopallo and Keski-Savon Pateri in the Finnish Championship league. For Season 2010-2011 he joined the GFCO Ajaccio team in French Ligue A. Hyvärinen is a member of Finland men's national volleyball team.
Career.
Hyvärinen started his career in Varkaus. When he was Sixteen years old, he moved to Kuortane and attended to a high school specialised to sports. That year he also started to train with Finnish national juniors. He only lived and played in Kuortane for one year, before moving back to Varkaus where he started to play in Keski-Savon Pateri. Hyvärinen played two seasons for Pateri. After these two seasons he signed a contract with Muuramen Lentopallo. He play for Muurle in seasons 2008-2010.
After season 2010 Hyvärinen said that he does not want anymore play in Muurle, because he did not like the clubs acting. Many fans were afraid of that Hyvärinen ends his career and it was close. Hyvärinen started play badminton and he joiden in the few tournaments. Likely he got contract from France and played great season in France league.
Season 2011-12 Hyvärinen didn`t get contract to foreign team. He did not play in open season but after many months he made contract in 1. division team Kyyjärven Kyky which is playing the second highest level in Finnish league. Hyvärinen plays as wing spiker in KyKy.
National team.
Hyvärinen plays also for Finland national team. His rise to the national team was a sum of many things. Team Finlands coach Mauro Berruto didn't even invite him to the camp of the National team in Kuortane. When national team was training in Kuortane, Hyvärinen was also in there because he was in search for sport director school in Kuortane. Hyvärinen heard that the national team was training there, so he decide to call coach Berruto and asked from him is it was possible to start training with the team. Berruto accepted the proposition and Hyvärinen came to trainings. After the first time he attended in the team training, Berruto was really excited about his natural talent. He wanted him to the team full-time, and that was how his National career started.
Hyvärinen's first appearance in a Finnish national team was against Bulgaria World League 2008. He was the best player of the game. After that media was highly excited about him and praised Hyvärinen to be a sensation. Pasi played for the team last six World League games, and Finland won four from those. He had the best reception in the whole World League.
Beach volley.
Pasi Hyvärinen has also played actively beach volley for many years. His best result in beach volley is U-19 European Championships 5th place. His other achievements are 9th place in U-21 European Championships and 9th place in U-23 European Championships. In those competitions Hyvärinen was a few years younger than most other players. He has also won silver and bronze in Finnish Championships respectively in 2007 and 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="18537202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537202" title="Nagano College of Economics">
Nagano College of Economics


</doc>
<doc id="18537215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537215" title="Druk (disambiguation)">
Druk (disambiguation)

Druk () may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="18537218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537218" title="Nagano Women's Junior College">
Nagano Women's Junior College


</doc>
<doc id="18537225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537225" title="Ueda Women's Junior College">
Ueda Women's Junior College


</doc>
<doc id="18537238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537238" title="Houtland (France)">
Houtland (France)

The Houtland (Flemish for "Woodland") is a region in French Flanders which is a part of the French Westhoek, in the Nord department of France. In the region, like the rest of French Flanders, French Flemish is historically spoken but in decline.
In contrast to the name, a lot of the region is used for agricultural purposes.
The highest hill is "Kasselberg" (French: "Mont Cassel"), on which Cassel is located, with a height of 176 meter.
Communes of Houtland.
Arnèke, Bailleul, Bavinchove, Boeschepe, Buysscheure, Cassel, Eecke, Godewaersvelde, Hardifort, Hazebrouck, Houtkerque, Ledringhem, Noordpeene, Ochtezeele, Oudezeele, Oxelaëre, Renescure, Rubrouck, Saint-Sylvestre-Cappel, Sainte-Marie-Cappel, Steenbecque, Steenvoorde, Terdeghem, Volckerinckhove, Watten, Wemaers-Cappel, Winnezeele, Wormhout, Zermezeele, Zuytpeene... 
Intercommunity.
There is also an intercommunity called "Communauté de Communes de l'Houtland" comprising Caëstre, Ebblinghem, Hondeghem, Lynde, Renescure, Sercus and Staple.

</doc>
<doc id="18537242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537242" title="Home for the Holidays (1972 film)">
Home for the Holidays (1972 film)

Home for the Holidays is a 1972 slasher television film from ABC, directed by John Llewellyn Moxey and produced by Aaron Spelling. The setting is within a countryside owned by the rich Benjamin Morgan who invites his four daughters back home for Christmas to get rid of their stepmother who he thinks is trying to kill him. Upon arrival the girls find that their stepmother was a convicted murderess who may or may not have killed her last husband, and begin to fall prey to a killer dressed in a yellow rain slicker.
Plot.
The film opens to an enormous house, inside the house Benjamin Morgan, a rich dying father talking to his oldest daughter Alex. He thinks his second wife, Elizabeth, is trying to poison him. Alex believes him. Benjamin then sends Alex off to pick up her three sisters. While Alex is driving down the road, she stops and asks Benjamin's doctor, Ted Lindsay where the road is. He tells her and comments on the fact that they haven't come to town since their birth mother committed suicide five years ago. 
Later that night, Alex returns with her three sisters, Frederica a.k.a. Freddie, Joanna and Christine. They park inside the barn. Once inside the house, they meet Elizabeth, who was a convicted murderess. Then their father calls them all inside his room, where he informs them that the sisters should kill her before she kills them. Elizabeth meanwhile, has gone outside in the rain to get something from the barn. She then comes back to the confused sisters, and shows them all their rooms, before making dinner. Joanna wants to leave, while Freddie begins drinking and taking anti-depressants. Christine goes downstairs to make some coffee for Freddie, and finds Elizabeth making tea. Christine then makes Freddie's coffee, noticing Elizabeth's yellow rain slicker, gloves, and boots by the door. Christine gives Freddie the coffee, but she denies, turing back to her vodka and other alcoholic beverages she had brought, talking about their mother and how she never should have died. Elizabeth finishes making dinner and calls for the girls to come down, but before they can eat, Joanna begins to barrade Elizabeth with questions about her first husband's death, accusing her of murder the whole time. Elizabeth silences her, and tells her to watch her mouth or something may happen, while Freddie begins to scream upstairs. The sisters run upstairs, and find Freddie in their mother's old room, clutching a glass of vodka, and holding a piece of glass that is cutting into her hand. She is drunk, and crying showing them a painted picture of their mother, and accusing their father of her suicide, informing them of his many affairs with different women. Alex then accuses Elizabeth of unlocking the door on purpose, as they put Freddie to bed. 
Later that night, the storm picks up, and Joanna informs Alex that she isn't going to stay, asking for Alex's car keys to drive to the railroad station so she can go home. Alex tries to get her to stay, but she refuses, taking Alex's keys and wishing Christine and Freddie goodbye, telling them to give Benjamin an excuse for her departure. But as she goes out in the rain to the barn to the car, she becomes the victim to a figure in Elizabeth's yellow rain slicker, gloves, and boots, and is stabbed in the back with a pitchfork, falling into the mud. Inside, Elizabeth is making milk and honey for Freddie, to help her sleep, when Christine comes into the kitchen, once again denying the drink. Elizabeth then goes to give Freddie the drink, while Alex watches from Benjamin's room. Freddie won't accept the drink, and keeps drinking, getting into the bathtub for a bath, and passing out. All of a sudden, the same intruder that killed Joanna, grabs her feet and pulls her underwater, where she drowns. 
The next morning, Christmas Day, Dr. Ted Lindsay shows up to the house, informing Christine that the roads are washed out from the storm, and that he will be popping in and out for a couple of days. Christine then finds Freddie's body and screams, bringing the others into the bathroom, where once again Alex accuses Elizabeth of poisoning the drink she brought for Freddie. Elizabeth informs her that Freddie denied it, and that she drank it herself, and tells them that Freddie had some pills out on the dresser. Benjamin calls up to find out what happened, and Elizabeth informs him that Freddie committed suicide or accidentally drowned, while Christine and Alex put Freddie's body in her bed, before calling the police. Christine goes to call the police only to find that the phone is dead, and realizes that Joanna has the car and they're all trapped in the house. She then decides to go out through the woods to a fellow neighbor's house, and informs Alex, telling her not to tell Elizabeth. Upon traveling through the woods to find the house, Christine notices she's being followed, she starts to panic, and begins running. All the while being chased by the murderer in the yellow slicker, gloves, and boots carrying a pitchfork. She becomes lost and manages to hide beneath a log, watching the killer leave, and making a run for it. 
Night has now fallen, and the rain is beginning to slow, and Alex is inside Benjamin's room, spotting Elizabeth walking outside with a yellow slicker on. Christine finally makes it to the house covered in mud, and notices that the car is still inside the barn, she goes over to it, and trips over Joanna's dead body half buried in mud. Elizabeth then appears, telling her to come with her, making her scream and run inside the house, where she locks the door, and finding Benjamin's dead body in his bed. Elizabeth then goes to the cellar doors, and crawls inside, going up to the house door, while Christine screams for Alex to come out and escape with her. Elizabeth finally opens the door, and Christine climbs inside a mirrored cabinet, listening as Elizabeth tells her to come out from hiding and leave with her. She then goes outside to find her, and Christine bursts through the front door to get help, running down the road to seek safety. While running from the house, Christine flags down a passing car, occupied by Alex. She tries to tell Alex that everyone's dead and that Elizabeth is the killer, but Alex then informs her that she was actually the killer, and was going to frame Elizabeth. She couldn't deal with the past, so she decided to forget it, by getting rid of her father and sisters, and since Christine was the last one left, she had to die too. She then hits Christine with a crowbar, sending her headfirst down a steep ravine filled with rocks and sticks, looking down and seeing her body crumpled into a heep. Ted then drives by and Alex quickly tells him that Elizabeth went insane and killed everyone, including Christine who went off into the woods. Ted then drives to the house, while Alex drives to the police station, bringing the cops back to the house the next morning. Once she gets there, she tells them where the three bodies are, and goes inside, finding out that they found Christine. She goes into her room, and thinks that Christine is unconscious, until she opens her eyes, then Alex snaps, laughing hysterically, and being dragged away by the cops. All the while Christine watches, crying, from her bedroom, eventually letting Ted take her to the airport, leaving Elizabeth alone to the Morgan farmhouse.
Release.
The film debuted on the American Broadcasting Company on November 28, 1972 as part of the ABC Movie of the Week series.
Vidmark Entertainment released the film on VHS in the United States in 1986. To date, there has been no official DVD release.

</doc>
<doc id="18537247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537247" title="Minami Kyushu Junior College">
Minami Kyushu Junior College

History.
The junior college was founded in 1965 as a coeducational college, but later became women-only. From April 1, 1999, it became coeducational again.
Courses offered.
It offers courses in international studies.

</doc>
<doc id="18537249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537249" title="List of parties to the Chemical Weapons Convention">
List of parties to the Chemical Weapons Convention

The member states of the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW) encompasses the states who have signed and ratified or acceded to the Chemical Weapons Convention, an international agreement outlawing the production, stockpiling and use of chemical weapons.
On January 13, 1993, the Chemical Weapons Convention (CWC) was opened for signature. Fiji became the first state to ratify the treaty on January 20, 1993. The treaty entered into force on April 29, 1997, after it had been ratified by 65 states. The treaty was closed for signature on the preceding day, and states that did not sign the convention can now only accede to it. For states that ratified or acceded to the treaty after this date, the convention entered into force for them 31 days after their deposit of the instrument of ratification or accession. 
A total of 196 states may become members of the Chemical Weapons Convention, including all 193 United Nations member states, the Cook Islands, Holy See and Niue. As of September 2013, 190 states have ratified or acceded to the treaty (most recently Syria on 14 September 2013) and another two states have signed but not ratified the treaty. Aside from newly independent South Sudan, all states which are not parties have been accused of possessing chemical weapons.
Of the six non-parties, both Angola and Myanmar have committed to ratifying the CWC. Ahmet Üzümcü, director-general of the OPCW, stated in December 2013 that these two states as well as South Sudan were "very close" to becoming a party to the CWC, but that the remaining three states (Egypt, Israel and North Korea) had "regional reasons" for not joining. Egypt has promised to ratify the CWC if Israel, the only state in the Middle East that is believed to possess nuclear weapons, signs the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons. Israel, meanwhile, has stated that it will ratify the CWC if all other non-parties in the region (of which only Egypt remains) do so as well, though it has been reluctant to sign up due to an unwillingness to grant OPCW inspectors access to its military bases. North Korea is thought to be unlikely to become a party for the foreseeable future. 
Other.
, though not eligible to become a party to the CWC due to its limited recognition, has stated that it attempts to comply with the treaty.

</doc>
<doc id="18537252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537252" title="Miyazaki Gakuen Junior College">
Miyazaki Gakuen Junior College


</doc>
<doc id="18537266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537266" title="Lanka Sundaram">
Lanka Sundaram

Lanka Sundaram M.A., Ph.D. (Telugu: లంక సుందరం) (January 1, 1905 – January 8, 1967) is an eminent Indian parliamentarian and an expert in international law.
He was born in Chodavaram in Godavari district of Andhra Pradesh. He did his primary education in Noble College, Machilipatnam. During an oration, Maharajah of Baroda, Syaji Rao Gaekwad sponsored his education in England. He studied at University of Oxford in International Law. In 1929, he qualified in the Indian Civil Service examination. But the British Government refused to give him government job. Hence he has concentrated on social service.
He was elected to the first Lok Sabha in 1952 from Visakhapatnam constituency. He was brave and openly criticised during the parliamentary discussions on various issues to the country during the early period after Indian independence. 
He was an excellent footballer. He wrote many books and was the editor of Commerce and Industry. His books are chosen for university syllabi and often used as reference material. India and the World Politics are his main books.

</doc>
<doc id="18537278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537278" title="Seishi Ursula Gakuen Junior College">
Seishi Ursula Gakuen Junior College


</doc>
<doc id="18537288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537288" title="Sun and Salsa Festival">
Sun and Salsa Festival

The Sun and Salsa Festival is an annual festival put on in the Kensington Business Revitalization Zone (BRZ) of Calgary, Alberta.
It takes place along 10 Street and Kensington Road, which both have parts closed off to traffic.
Attendance of the festival has grown to around 100,000 in 2010.
Features.
The festival features a competition for the best Salsa, Best Presentation Salsa & Most Creative Salsa.
It has a variety of merchant booths (food and merchandise). It includes a fashion show to showcase the area's fashion retailers. As well it includes various entertainment, such as musical acts and dancing, on multiple stages.
The festival serves as a fundraiser for its charities, which as of 2010, are the Brenda Strafford Centre and Brown Bagging for Calgary's Kids.
Miss Sun and Salsa Pageant.
From 2005 to 2011 the festival featured the Miss Sun and Salsa Pageant. Each year, it selects a "Miss Sun and Salsa", "Sun Princess" and "Salsa Princess" to promote the Kensington community and the festival. They represented the festival around the year, inside and outside of Calgary.
Miss Sun and Salsa Pageant winners.
note: The "Sun Princess" and "Salsa Princess" titles started in 2006

</doc>
<doc id="18537293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537293" title="Jimi Plays Berkeley (soundtrack)">
Jimi Plays Berkeley (soundtrack)

Musique Originale du Film Jimi Plays Berkeley (literally translated to "Original Music of the Film Jimi Plays Berkeley") is a 1975 French album of mostly live recordings by Jimi Hendrix. Although promoted as a soundtrack album, it only features two songs from the 1971 film "Jimi Plays Berkeley". The rest of the songs were previously released on live albums from different concerts plus two from "Are You Experienced".
Track listing.
All songs were written by Jimi Hendrix, except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="18537302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537302" title="Henrik Nikolai Krøyer">
Henrik Nikolai Krøyer

Henrik Nikolai Krøyer (22 March 1799 – 14 November 1870) was a Danish zoologist. 
Born in Copenhagen, he was a brother of the composer Hans Ernst Krøyer. He started studying medicine at the University of Copenhagen in 1817, which he later changed to history and philology. While a student he was a supporter of the Philhellenic movement, and he participated as a volunteer in the Greek War of Independence along with several fellow students. 
Upon his return to Denmark, Krøyer gained an interest in zoology. In 1827, he took the position as assistant teacher in Stavanger, where he met and later married Bertha Cecilie Gjesdal. Bertha's sister, Ellen Cecilie Gjesdal, was deemed unfit to bring up her child, so Henrik and Bertha adopted the boy, who took on the name Peder Severin Krøyer, and later became a well known painter.
Krøyer returned to Copenhagen in 1830 where he was employed as a teacher in natural history at the Military Academy. As the course lacked a textbook, Krøyer wrote and published "" (1833).
During his career he often travelled along the coasts of Denmark where he studied marine life, especially fish and crustaceans, and this resulted in his main work "" ("The Fish of Denmark", 3 volumes, 1838-1853). During his life visited most of the coasts of Western Europe as well as Newfoundland. But his health eventually deteriorated and in 1869 he had to take his leave of his position of head of the Natural Museum of Copenhagen which he had held since 1847. He gained the title of professor in 1853.

</doc>
<doc id="18537307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537307" title="Bingo-Honjō Station">
Bingo-Honjō Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18537308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537308" title="Amadeus Webersinke">
Amadeus Webersinke

Amadeus Webersinke (1 November 1920, Jägersdorf, Broumov, Czechoslovakia - 15 May 2005, Dresden) was a German pianist and organist.
He studied from 1938 to 1940 at the Institut für Kirchenmusik in Leipzig with Karl Straube, Johann Nepomuk David, and Otto Weinreich. He was a lecturer from 1946 and a professor from 1953 for piano at the Felix Mendelssohn College of Music and Theatre. Until 1953 he worked mainly as an organist, and then after only as a pianist.
Amadeus Webersinke was particularly devoted to Bach's organ and piano works and also gave concerts on the clavichord. He recorded Max Reger's Piano Concerto. 1966, he assumed a professorship at the Hochschule für Musik Carl Maria von Weber Dresden.
His grave is located in the Maria am Wasser cemetery in Dresden-Hosterwitz.

</doc>
<doc id="18537310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537310" title="Epidemiology (journal)">
Epidemiology (journal)

EPIDEMIOLOGY is a bi-monthly, peer-reviewed journal for epidemiologic research, published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. 
The journal publishes original research from all fields of epidemiology, as well as review articles, meta-analyses, novel hypotheses, descriptions and applications of new methods and discussions of research theory and public health policy. It is the official journal of the International Society for Environmental Epidemiology (ISEE). In 2011, EPIDEMIOLOGY had an impact factor of 5.6, ranking 4th among 157 journals in the field of public, environmental and occupational health.
EPIDEMIOLOGY was founded by Ken Rothman in 1990. Allen Wilcox has been Editor-in-Chief since 2001. Its editorial offices are in Durham, North Carolina.

</doc>
<doc id="18537311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537311" title="University of the Philippines Information Technology Development Center">
University of the Philippines Information Technology Development Center

The University of the Philippines Information Technology Development Center (UP ITDC), formerly known as "University of the Philippines Information Technology Training Center (UP ITTC)" is a joint program of the University of the Philippines and the Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA) devoted to training professionals in Information Technology. Every September, the UP ITDC hosts the Philippine Youth Congress in Information Technology (Y4IT)—the largest gathering of IT enthusiasts in the country—and the Philippine Youth Conference in Information Technology (YCIT), which is held every February.
History.
On February 26, 2004, upon then UP President Francisco Nemenzo's recommendation, the UP Board of Regents (BOR) approved the creation of the Information Technology Training Program under the Office of the Vice-President for Development. The BOR appointed a Program Director for UP Information Technology Training Center on July 22, 2004.
For its full-scale implementation, the University proposed a project for funding by the Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA). This was dubbed as the Japan-Philippines Technical Cooperation Project on Philippine IT Human Resource Development (ITHRD), which was approved by JICA and started operation on July 20, 2004, for a term of four years (extended until 2009).
In the Record of Discussions signed by JICA and the University on July 9, 2004, the project's purpose was stated as: to conduct high-level and practical IT training in cooperation with other universities and industries, and to match the needs of the industry. 
In June 2005, the UP ITTC launched its one-year certificate course.
On August 31, 2009, the Center concluded its initial audit for certification to the ISO 9001:2008 International Standards with ABS Quality Evaluations. The Center became the first IT training center in the Philippines to be ISO 9001:2008 certified.
On June 2012, its management decided to change the name from UP Information Training Center to its present name as it expands its role to research, development and consultation services.
Transfer to Vidal A. Tan Hall.
The UP ITDC was initially located at the Computational Science Research Center (CSRC) Building. After four years, it was observed that the Center was already outgrowing the facilities and space at the CSRC. A suitable location was found at the National Institute for Science and Mathematics Education Development’s (NISMED’s) Vidal A. Tan Hall. Renovations started on December 22, 2008. Initial changes included rehabilitation of former science classrooms and retrofitting of electrical wiring and outlets to accommodate the Center’s laboratory setups. Temporary local area network connections were installed by the IT Operations Team with the help of a group of on-the-job trainees. 
In mid-February 2009, hauling of furniture and equipment from the CSRC began. By March 20, the Administration Team started holding office at the refurbished Vidal A. Tan Hall. Classroom and laboratory equipment were transferred in batches and stages to the new location. By the end of April, all equipment were transferred.
The UP ITDC now operates with 9 classroom laboratories. Occupying the second floor of the Vidal A. Tan Hall are the offices of the Director, Administration Team, UP System IT Foundation, Marketing and Business Development Team, Content and Software Development Team, and Trainers Team, together with the conference room. Meanwhile, the IT Operations Team and the Project Management Office occupy the third floor of the building.
Courses.
Full-time Courses.
As a training center with specialization tracks in "IT Fundamentals", "Applications Development", " Mobile and Embedded Software Development", "Network and Systems Administration ", and "Game Design and Development", the UP ITDC offers a one-year full-time training course with a Certificate in Information Technology. Admission and scholarship examinations are conducted at the office of the UP ITDC. 
Qualified to enroll in the one-year Certificate in IT are IT graduates or non-IT graduates possessing high aptitude for IT. Other eligibility criteria include proficiency in both spoken and written English and passing the Admission Exam. 
The UP ITDC full-time students may take Japanese Language course as an elective. The course will serve as a preparation for the Japanese Language Proficiency Test (JLPT) Levels N5 and N4. They are also primed for the Philippine National Information Technology Standards (PhilNITS) Fundamental Engineer (FE) examinations held bi-annually (April and October).
The full-time Certificate Programs run for four quarters (10-week/quarter). Classes are held from Monday to Friday, 8 A.M.-5 P.M. The daily schedule includes the Japanese Language course.
Short Courses.
The UP ITDC short courses are modular. The duration of each module may be from three days to two weeks. These are taken on a part-time basis. 
UP SITF.
The UP System IT Foundation, Inc. (UP SITF) acts as the resource generation arm of the UP ITDC. The UP SITF’s assistance includes, but is not limited to, human resource development, infrastructure and equipment, and research and development initiatives. It strengthens industry partnerships and the establishment and management of a scholarship fund. The UP ITDC is one of its flagship activities.
Partners.
Clients
Industry
Partner Organizations
Partner Agencies
Scholarship Donors
Academic Partners
University of the Philippines
Cooperating organizations
e-Learning.
The UP ITDC is venturing into e-learning, as it endeavors to increase its reach, accessibility, and impact.
As a first step toward this end, the UP ITDC will use a free and open-source Learning Management System (LMS) to serve as a backbone for the online delivery of the Center's current courses and future offerings. 
The use of an LMS to support classroom-based instruction will greatly increase the effectiveness of UP ITDC’s proven teaching and learning strategies.
As the UP ITDC adopts a blended-learning strategy, the integration of different learning environments, as well as synchronous and asynchronous instruction, shall promote interaction among instructors, facilitators, and students, paving the way for a collaborative approach to learning.
Furthermore, the availability and reusability of online content gives learners sufficient time to digest complex technical concepts.
Offering certificate courses and specialist tracks online will also cater to IT professionals or those wanting to shift to an IT career but cannot enroll full-time because of time, distance, or financial constraints, or other limitations like present employment.

</doc>
<doc id="18537314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537314" title="Seagull Trust">
Seagull Trust

Seagull Trust Cruises (formerly Seagull Trust) is a waterway society and Scottish charity.
The Trust was formed in 1978 and offers free canal cruising for disabled and disadvantaged persons and groups. It is the largest service provider of its kind within the UK, and run entirely by volunteers. The Seagull Trust was awarded The Queen's Award for Voluntary Service in 2007, the highest award which can be given to a voluntary group, considered on a par with the MBE awarded to individuals.
It provides a service from four locations in Scotland. These are Ratho (Edinburgh) on the Union Canal, Falkirk also on the Union Canal, Inverness on the Caledonian Canal, and at Kirkintilloch on the Forth and Clyde Canal.
From these locations, it operates eight canal boats, adapted with a lift for wheelchair access, and fitted with galley and toilet. Seven operate daily excursions, one (the "Marion Seagull") is adapted as a residential boat for hire to families with a disabled member. The "Wooden Spoon Seagull" is fitted out as a floating classroom.
These boats are;
Origins.
The Seagull trust was formed on 21 November 1978 by The Reverend P. Hugh Mackay, MBE, PhD. Rev. Mackay was Minister of the Parish of Ratho on the Union Canal. He was a canal enthusiast who had learned about two other canal projects, one in England, run by Claire Hanmer, who converted a narrow boat for the service of disabled people on the Midland canals, and a project in Wales, the Sunshine Boat, run under the auspices of the Prince of Wales Trust.
From the project in Wales, Charles Quant drew attention to the Inland Waterways Amenity Advisory Council (IWAAC) of the realisation that his operation had a previously unforeseen secondary advantage of demonstrating that sections of the canal system regarded as "remainder" canals, were being used to good effect and as such his organisation now could fulfil a dual role of providing a service to disabled people and demonstrate the advantages of canal travel to the wider public.
As British Waterways at the time had no obligation to maintain remainder canals in navigable condition, this renewed use of the 'remainder' canal system became the early part of a movement which supported the continued existence of the canals.
Mr R.J. Hume OBE, was a friend of Rev. Mackay and a member of IWAAC. He brought the facts of these two projects to the attention of Rev. Mackay, and soon between them they formulated an idea of bringing a similar service to the Scottish Canal system.
Ratho.
Rev Mackay approached The Order of St John for £10,000 necessary to buy a boat and meet its immediate running costs. The boat purchased was Claire Hanmer's original craft, which was renamed The "St John Crusader". The naming ceremony took place in 1979 at Wester Hailes and was attended by the Duke of Hamilton.
They had nowhere to dock the boat initially, but this problem was soon solved by the generosity of the landlord of the Bridge Inn at Ratho, Ronnie Rusack who also administered a booking system from his premises for the Trust.
Rev Mackay was anxious that the Trust should have its own accommodation, and acquired a partially built canal side facility at Wester Hailes. This was soon to prove beneficial for the canal as its presence prevented the blocking off of the waterway at the building of the new M8 Motorway. An aqueduct crossing was provided instead keeping the waterway open.
The "St John Crusader" was joined by the "Janet Telford". The "Janet Telford" was soon found to be too small for use by the Trust and was sold to the Forth and Clyde Canal Society. She was replaced by the "Mackay Seagull", which is still in operation today. The "St John Crusader" is not in use today and has been replaced by the "St John Crusader II" which came into service in 1996. The "St John Crusader" is still based at Ratho.
Kirkintilloch.
Having successfully established cruising at Ratho, the trustees looked to Kirkintilloch as the location for a second branch. Kirkintilloch sits on the Forth and Clyde Canal, and has a very rich association with the canal since its inception. After discussions with British Waterways, a substantial boathouse was built near the town centre, on the site of R. Hay and Sons Boatyard. This building also housed a dry dock, which would provide housing and facilities for repair and maintenance for two boats.
The construction was completed in 1984, just in time for the arrival of the "Yarrow Seagull". This boat was built at Yarrow Shipbuilders by the then apprentices. She was taken back to Yarrows yard on the Clyde in Spring 2009 for a complete refit, and, while there, had her bow section lengthened considerably to accommodate passengers sitting outside on deck in the warm summer weather.
The second boat to arrive at Kirkintilloch was the Marjorie Seagull in 2001. This boat was built by a bequest named in honour of Mrs Marjorie Brown from Edinburgh. It was built by Stenson Marine in Derby to a new design which aimed to lift passengers higher from the water level in order to see better over the higher banks on the Forth and Clyde Canal.
Town centre development saw the need for the land which the building sat on. New accommodation was built further along the canal adjacent to the new marina and was officially opened by HRH The Princess Royal on 30 September 2008.
Falkirk.
The Falkirk branch was formed in 1982, with the original idea to cruise on the Western most end of the Union Canal. Money was raised for a new boat, The "Govan Seagull", which entered service at the branch in 1985. Cruising originally was on the Forth and Clyde Canal between Camelon and Bonnybridge, while British Waterways prepared the Union Canal for use. The "Govan Seagull" was transferred up to the Union Canal in 1987, and moored at Greenbank. Vandalism was a problem, and money was raised to build accommodation which was completed in 1992, at Bantaskine. The new accommodation was to provide enclosed mooring for one boat and a fully equipped reception centre for the passengers. A lift was fitted which allowed embarkation within the building. It also housed a meeting room which provided for meetings of the Falkirk members.
The "Barr Seagull" joined the fleet at Falkirk in 2006. She was bought by the Barr Charitable Trust for operation in Falkirk. The steel work was carried out in Falkirk by A.L. Gordon Ltd.
The "Marion Seagull" was built by funding from the Salvesen Charitable Trust, named in memory of Mrs Marion H Salvesen. It was designed and built as a residential boat, for use by families with a disabled member. It is fully fitted for wheelchair access.
Inverness.
The Highland branch was formed in 1987, operating on the Caledonian Canal. The "Highland Seagull" was built in 1975, formerly a cruiser on the Caledonian Canal and Loch Ness, the Abbey Princess. It was completely adapted by Caley Marina, Inverness for operation with the Trust. It was renamed in 1989 by the Duke and Duchess of York.
A replacement boat "The Highland Cross Seagull" was built in 2011/2012 with the original "Highland Seagull" being transported south to the Lowland Canals to be lengthened, adapted and used as a floating classroom. The "Highland Seagull" is now named "The Wooden Spoon Seagull"
See also.
Other boating charities giving access to disabled people:

</doc>
<doc id="18537318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537318" title="2008–09 Bundesliga (women)">
2008–09 Bundesliga (women)

The Bundesliga (women) 2008–2009 is the 19th season of the Bundesliga (women), Germany's premier women's football league. It began on 7 September 2008 and ended on 7 June 2009. Turbine Potsdam won the championship with Bayern Munich coming in second by single goal.

</doc>
<doc id="18537327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537327" title="Yokoo Station">
Yokoo Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18537333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537333" title="Carolyn Rodrigues">
Carolyn Rodrigues

Carolyn Allison Rodrigues-Birkett (born September 16, 1973) is a Guyanese politician who has served as Minister of Foreign Affairs since April 2008.
Rodrigues, an Amerindian, was born in Moruca, Barima-Waini Region. After attending a private school in Georgetown, she received a scholarship for Amerindians and went to study business administration at the University of Regina in Canada and returned to Guyana in 1993. She was required by her scholarship to work for Amerindian communities, and as a result she left the lumber company where she worked and instead went to work for the Inter-American Development Bank's Social Impact Amelioration Programme (SIMAP) in Guyana, although this meant 65% less pay. She became Coordinator of SIMAP's Amerindian Projects Programme, holding that post until 2001, when went to study in social work at the University of Guyana.
Rodrigues was appointed to the Cabinet as Minister of Amerindian Affairs in April 2001. Following the 2006 general election, she was reappointed as Minister of Amerindian Affairs and sworn in on September 4, 2006 After seven years as Minister of Amerindian Affairs, she was appointed as Minister of Foreign Affairs on April 9, 2008, replacing Rudy Insanally. She was sworn in on April 10.

</doc>
<doc id="18537337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537337" title="Miyagi Seishin Junior College">
Miyagi Seishin Junior College


</doc>
<doc id="18537339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537339" title="Roman road (Nord)">
Roman road (Nord)

There are 7 Roman roads (Voie romaine) in the Nord "département" in France.
"Départementale" 52.
The Steen-straete, also called "départementale" 52 (RD52 or D52), is a road between Cassel and the sea. It was at a time a Roman road, north-south direction extending from Boëseghem, passing by Cassel to the sea. Now it is leading to Dunkirk. This road could have preceded the Romans.
It forms the villages limit between Ledringhem and Arnèke, between Zegerscappel and Esquelbecq and between Pitgam-Steene and Crochte.
"Départementale" 238.
From Boëseghem to Cassel, the section is now "départementale" (RD 238 or D238).
Communauté de communes de la Voie romaine.
There is a Communauté de communes in Nord département called "Communauté de communes de la Voie romaine", gathering the villages of Boëseghem, Morbecque, Steenbecque and Thiennes.

</doc>
<doc id="18537340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537340" title="Not as We">
Not as We

"Not as We" is a song from Alanis Morissette's seventh studio album, "Flavors of Entanglement". "Not as We" was remixed and released as the second single from "Flavors of Entanglement" in North America, while "In Praise of the Vulnerable Man" was released as the second single in Europe.
The single was released to radio on October 13, 2008.
On November 25, 2008 the "Not as We (Remixes) EP" was released in Canada. The EP includes the radio edit and six other remixes.
Track listing.
The Album Version is a piano-driven ballad while the shorter radio edit adds guitars, bass and background effects and starts with the first line of the song while the Album Version has an instrumental opening. The music video uses the radio edit.
Music video.
The music video, directed by James Whitaker and produced through RSA's promo division Black Dog Films, was shot in Los Angeles on September 10, 2008. It features imagery identifiable as being shot at Half Moon Bay. It premiered on Yahoo! Music on the night of October 2, 2008 and features Morissette in various stages on the path to emotional recovery.
Charts.
The song surprisingly charted when the album was released due to downloads of the song, resulting in a position of 22 on the Billboard Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles chart. As of December 2008, the song had already sold 38,000 paid downloads, according to Billboard. The digital downloads also helped the song reach the lower parts of UK Singles Chart (#197) despite the single not being commercially released in the United Kingdom.

</doc>
<doc id="18537346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537346" title="Visaji Krushna Biniwale">
Visaji Krushna Biniwale

Visaji Krushna Chinchalkar, popularly known as Visaji Pant Biniwale, was one of the leading Generals of Peshwas in Northern India during 1759 to 1772. Peshwa Madhavrao I mainly sought his assistance in his attempt to restore Maratha Empire in the North after the defeat in the Battle of Panipat (1761).
Early life.
Visaji Krushna was born in a Karhade Brahmin family having surname ‘Chinchalkar’. There is no mention as to his year of birth, however, it must be around 1730. He got the title ‘Biniwale’ (which means a person at the front) during his career as a Military General since his troops would remain at the front of the Maratha army during battles.
Career as General.
On 10 October 1759, Visaji Krushna defeated Nizam's troops and conquered the fort of Ahmednagar. 
In 1760–1761, he fought in the Panipat war under the leadership of Sadashivrao Bhau. 
In 1769, he marched towards Udaipur along with his senior Ramchandra Ganesh Kanade. The Rajputs there agreed to pay him Rs.60 lakhs towards the tribute. 
On 5 April 1770, he defeated Jats of Hariyana. 
In October 1770 he vanquished Najib Khan Rohilla, the main opponent of the Battle of Panipat (1761). 
In November 1771, he was appointed ‘In Charge of the Northern front of Marathas’ by Peshwa Madhavrao I. 
In February 1772, along with Mahadji Shinde, he overpowered the Rohilkhand at Shukratal by defeating Zabtakhan. He took severe revenge of the defeat of Panipat by breaking the tomb of Najib Khan, by looting the artillery and wealth of the Rohillas and by recovering from them an additional tribute of Rs.40 lakhs.
Honor by Peshwa Madhavrao.
Peshwa Madhavrao I was so delighted with Visaji Krushna's grand victory in the Rohilkhand that he specifically mentioned in his written Will to shower golden flowers on him during his arrival at the border of Pune.
Later life and death.
When Visaji Krushna arrived to Pune from North, he brought with him huge jewelry and cash of not less than Rs.22 lakhs. Meanwhile, Peshwa Madhavrao I had died and Peshwa Narayanrao was murdered. Hence, Visaji Krushna was welcomed by Peshwa Raghunath Rao and he was showered with the golden flowers as wished by Peshwa Madhavrao I in his Will. 
When came to know about Raghunath Rao's involvement in Narayanrao's murder, Visaji Krushna joined hands with ‘Nana Phadnis’ to restore Peshwa Sawai Madhavrao on the Peshwa throne. 
There is no reference found as to his date of death and cause thereof, however, it must not have taken place on the battlefield.

</doc>
<doc id="18537349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537349" title="Kannabe Station">
Kannabe Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West
!colspan=5|Ibara Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18537351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537351" title="1988 South Australian Open – Singles">
1988 South Australian Open – Singles

Mark Woodforde defeated Wally Masur 6–2, 6–4 to secure the title.

</doc>
<doc id="18537352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537352" title="Seiwa Gakuen College">
Seiwa Gakuen College


</doc>
<doc id="18537358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537358" title="Until the Day I Die">
Until the Day I Die

"Until the Day I Die" is the debut single by American rock band Story of the Year. It is the band's most widely known song. A music video was released along with the single in 2003. The song receives regular radio play, has been used in popular media extensively, and was used in a trailer for the film Friday Night Lights.
Charts.
"Until the Day I Die" peaked at #12 on the "Billboard" Alternative Songs chart.

</doc>
<doc id="18537368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537368" title="Yudamura Station">
Yudamura Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18537374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537374" title="Michinoue Station">
Michinoue Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18537387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537387" title="Managura Station">
Managura Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18537397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537397" title="Ekiya Station">
Ekiya Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18537402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537402" title="Nakakyushu Junior College">
Nakakyushu Junior College


</doc>
<doc id="18537406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537406" title="Chikata Station">
Chikata Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18537407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537407" title="Kochi Gakuen College">
Kochi Gakuen College


</doc>
<doc id="18537414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537414" title="Pontypridd (disambiguation)">
Pontypridd (disambiguation)

Pontypridd is a town in Wales, United Kingdom.
Pontypridd may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18537419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537419" title="Tode Station">
Tode Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18537428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537428" title="Kamitode Station">
Kamitode Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18537429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537429" title="Marc Herbert">
Marc Herbert

Marc Herbert (born 7 January 1987) is a Rugby League player who is now unattached after being released by the Bradford Bulls at the end of the 2011 season. He made his NRL debut in the Round 20 clash vs. the Gold Coast Titans, in place of the suspended Todd Carney. His position of choice is halfback.
Move to the Super League.
On 29 October Marc agreed a one year deal with the Bradford Bulls as a direct replacement for Matt Orford. He will take up pre-season training with the Bulls in November and is the 10th signing the club has made.
Bradford beat off stiff competition from Hull and another unnamed Super League team.
2011.
In the 2011 Season Herbert appeared in two of the four pre-season games. He played against Halifax RLFC and Wakefield Trinity Wildcats. He scored a try and a goal against Halifax and kicked a goal against Wakefield.
He featured in ten consecutive games from Round 4 (Wakefield Trinity Wildcats to Round 13 (Warrington Wolves). He missed a couple of games due to injury but then returned and played ten consecutive games from Round 16 (Harlequins RL) to Round 25 (Wigan Warriors). A broken hand ended Herbert's Bulls career early. He also featured in the Challenge Cup game against Halifax RLFC. Herbert has scored against Huddersfield Giants (1 try), Salford City Reds (2 tries, 2 goals) and Hull KR (1 try).

</doc>
<doc id="18537436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537436" title="Shin-ichi Station">
Shin-ichi Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18537443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537443" title="Yokohama College of Art and Design">
Yokohama College of Art and Design


</doc>
<doc id="18537444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537444" title="Takagi Station (Hiroshima)">
Takagi Station (Hiroshima)

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18537458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537458" title="Daiichi Junior College of Infant Education">
Daiichi Junior College of Infant Education

History.
The college was established in 1966. It adopted its present name in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="18537459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537459" title="United States Triple Crown of Thoroughbred Racing on television">
United States Triple Crown of Thoroughbred Racing on television

Triple Crown Productions was formed in 1985 after CBS terminated its contract with the New York Racing Association. Prior to that, the individual racing associations made their own deals with the TV networks (ABC and CBS). 
ABC Sports won the rights to broadcast all three races, as well as many prep races. Ratings went up after the package was centralized. This arrangement continued until 2001, when NBC Sports took over. Under NBC, ratings continued to go up, by as much as 20 percent in some years. It didn't hurt that many horses, like Funny Cide and Smarty Jones, were making Triple Crown runs during those years (although all of them failed).
Notes.
Kentucky Derby.
On May 3, 1952, the first national television coverage of the Kentucky Derby took place.
In 1985, a group of people wanted to increase the stature of the Triple Crown on television. Other than the Kentucky Derby, the Preakness Stakes and Belmont Stakes were considered the two "other" races. ABC Sports, which had broadcast the Derby since 1975, wanted to air all three races. CBS Sports, which showed the other two races, had much lower ratings for them, with the possible exceptions of years in which the Crown was at stake like 1973, 1977, and 1978.
In October 1999, NBC Sports won the rights to broadcast the three races in 2001.
Preakness Stakes.
In 1948, the Preakness was televised for the first time by CBS. 
In 1977, ABC was awarded the contract to televise the Preakness.
In October 1999, NBC Sports won the rights to broadcast the three races in 2001.
Belmont Stakes.
Broadcast history:
From 2002 to 2004, the Belmont had the highest ratings of any horse race on television.
As of May 21, 2005, the VISA Credit Card company officially withdrew its sponsorship of the U.S. Triple Crown, effective in 2006. It relieves VISA of paying the $5 million bonus to the owner of the horse that wins the Triple Crown. Triple Crown Productions has sponsored the races since 2006. The $5 million bonus remains intact. 
Some believe VISA withdrew its sponsorship as a result of the New York Racing Association's decision to break with the other two tracks on a television contract. On October 4, 2004, NYRA announced that the American Broadcasting Company and ESPN would hold television rights to the Belmont Stakes, breaking from Triple Crown Productions' deal with NBC Sports. NBC Sports holds the broadcasting rights to the Triple Crown until 2015.

</doc>
<doc id="18537476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537476" title="Kagoshima Prefectural College">
Kagoshima Prefectural College


</doc>
<doc id="18537482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537482" title="Ukai Station">
Ukai Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18537483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537483" title="Wrestlers (sculpture)">
Wrestlers (sculpture)

The Wrestlers (also known as The Two Wrestlers, The Uffizi Wrestlers or The Pancrastinae) is a Roman marble sculpture after a lost Greek original of the third century BCE. It is now in the Uffizi collection in Florence, Italy.
Description, style and authorship.
The two young men are engaged in the "pankration", a kind of wrestling similar to the present-day sport of mixed martial arts. The two figures are wrestling in a position now known as a "cross-body ride" in modern freestyle wrestling. The upper wrestler has his left leg entwined with his opponent's left leg, with his body across the opponent's body, lifting the opponent's right arm. In a well-known modern series of wrestling moves, the upper wrestler would now try to lift his opponent's arm above his head to force a pinning move called the "Guillotine." Their muscular structure is very defined and exaggerated due to their physical and sustained effort. 
Neither of the two heads are original to the group, though that of the lower figure is older and is as advanced sylistically as the sons in the "Niobe Group". The heads were added after the sculpture was rediscovered. 
The group are considered to be finest quality Roman copies of a lost bronze. Not every 20th-century viewer admired "a work once famous and now unfairly neglected", as art historian Kenneth Clark said of it: "If we can bring our eyes to rest on the unpleasant surface of a somewhat lifeless replica, we discover that the original must have been a Lysippic bronze of masterly complexity and condensation." The sculpture has been attributed variously to Myron, Cephisodotus the Younger or Heliodorus. The last two are mentioned by Pliny as creators of a sculptural format called "symplegmata", signifying sculptures of figures closed in struggle, whether purely physical or amatory. Currently the sculpture is considered to be the best-quality Roman copy from a lost original Hellenistic bronze of the third century BCE, either of the Pergamene school or the circle of Lysippus.
Rediscovery.
The discovery of "The Wrestlers" caused such an immediate sensation among the "cognoscenti" of Rome, that the event can be dated to the very end of March or beginning of April 1583, in a "vigna" belonging to the Tommasini da Gallese family near Porta San Giovanni, Rome, together with the group of individual sculptures called the "Niobids". Circumstances of their discovery, and the fact that the heads were missing, led early antiquarians—and the engravers who worked to their direction—to group the paired figures with these "Niobids".
Within days of their excavation, Valerio Cioli, a sculptor and restorer of Roman antiquities in Rome, was writing to the secretary of Francesco I de' Medici, Grand Duke of Tuscany, to alert his patron to the discovery, and the Medici lost no time: on 25 June the group, and the "Niobids" were purchased from a member of the Varese family, who had managed to gain possession of them in the intervening weeks, by the Grand Duke's brother (and eventual heir) Ferdinando Cardinal de' Medici, who took it to add to the outstanding gallery of antiquities at Villa Medici. There it was illustrated in an engraving of 1594.
"The Wrestlers" is now among the Medici collections in the Galerie degli Uffizi. where it was a main feature of the Tribuna of the Uffizi.
The sculpture was cleaned of its former somewhat oily patina. The sculpture has been reproduced in marble, bronze and plaster, and in modern times cast in resin, both in full size and in miniature, and the subject in general was treated by Michelangelo. Philippe Magnier produced a marble copy of the group ca 1684-87 for the gardens of Versailles - it was later moved to Marly, and is now in the Louvre.

</doc>
<doc id="18537492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537492" title="D13">
D13

D13, D.XIII, D.13 or D-13 may refer to :
and also :

</doc>
<doc id="18537498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537498" title="Fuchū Station (Hiroshima)">
Fuchū Station (Hiroshima)

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18537500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537500" title="Kagoshima Women's Junior College">
Kagoshima Women's Junior College


</doc>
<doc id="18537501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537501" title="5-Carboxamidotryptamine">
5-Carboxamidotryptamine

5-Carboxamidotryptamine (5-CT) is a tryptamine derivative closely related to the neurotransmitter serotonin.
5-CT acts as a non-selective, high-affinity full agonist at the 5-HT1A, 5-HT1B, 5-HT1D, 5-HT5A, and 5-HT7 receptors, as well as at the 5-HT2, 5-HT3, 5-HT6 receptors with lower affinity. It has negligible affinity for the 5-HT1E and 5-HT1F receptors. 5-CT binds strongest to the 5-HT1A receptor and it was once thought to be selective for this site.

</doc>
<doc id="18537519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537519" title="Shimo-Kawabe Station">
Shimo-Kawabe Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18537528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537528" title="Francis Gaffney">
Francis Gaffney

Francis Gaffney is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="18537530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537530" title="Imabari Meitoku Junior College">
Imabari Meitoku Junior College


</doc>
<doc id="18537533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537533" title="Clyde Wind Farm">
Clyde Wind Farm

The Clyde Wind Farm is a 350 megawatt (MW) wind farm near Abington in South Lanarkshire, Scotland. which was approved by the Scottish Parliament in July 2008, capable of powering 200,000 homes. SSE was given planning permission to build a wind farm with turbines built on either side of the M74 motorway.
Construction of the wind farm, which is budgeted for £600 million, began in early 2009 and in finished in 2012. Welcon Towers Ltd won the contract to supply the towers for all 152 turbines for the £600 million Clyde Wind Farm. Jesper Øhlenschlæger, chief executive officer of Welcon Towers parent company Skykon, said: ‘The Clyde project is a very important business win for our Campbeltown manufacturing. Scotland has become the most positive and the most interesting renewable wind power market in Europe. The Clyde Wind Farm project represents a landmark phase in Scotland’s renewable energy strategy.’
The farm was opened at a ceremonial ribbon cutting by First Minister of Scotland Alex Salmond in September 2012

</doc>
<doc id="18537546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537546" title="Nakahata Station">
Nakahata Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18537547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537547" title="Maria Mariana">
Maria Mariana

Maria Mariana, directed by Dato' Yusof Haslam in 1996, is about a story of two sisters, Maria and Mariana, who are very different in nature. The film explores the issue of a troublesome yet rebellious teenager but at the same time reveals that love can change anything.
Synopsis.
Maria and Mariana are sisters but they are poles apart. Mariana is wild while her elder sister is moderate and take great interest in her education and career. When they become adults, Maria joins the police force while Mariana remains the same. However, Jefri’s presence changes Mariana’s life. However, to her disappointment, Jefri chooses to marry Maria instead of her. Tony and Robert, leaders of criminals gang which Maria is trying to smash, kidnap Mariana. The ever responsible Maria risks her own life to save her sister.
Box office.
The film which was released on April 18, 1996 went box office and grossed RM4.7 million.
Awards and nominations.
13th Malaysian Film Festival, 1997
2nd Anugerah Skrin TV3, 1997
Soundtrack.
The film soundtrack was predominately composed by Johari Teh and features Ziana Zain as the lead singer of all the ten soundtracks.
Television.
A drama series of the same title was produced based on the same plot of the movie. The lead cast of the drama was held by Abby Abadi and Azza Elite.

</doc>
<doc id="18537552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537552" title="Kagawa Junior College">
Kagawa Junior College


</doc>
<doc id="18537557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537557" title="2008 Banka Koper Slovenia Open – Doubles">
2008 Banka Koper Slovenia Open – Doubles

Lucie Hradecká and Renata Voráčová were the defending champions, but Voráčová chose not to participate, and only Hradecká competed that year. Hradecká partnered up with Andreja Klepač, but they lost in the quarterfinals to Vera Dushevina and Ekaterina Makarova.
Anabel Medina Garrigues and Virginia Ruano Pascual won the tournament, defeating Dushevina and Makarova in the final, 6–4, 6–1.

</doc>
<doc id="18537558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537558" title="Kawasa Station">
Kawasa Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18537573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537573" title="Bingo-Mikawa Station">
Bingo-Mikawa Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18537582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537582" title="Setouchi Junior College">
Setouchi Junior College


</doc>
<doc id="18537585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537585" title="Bingo-Yano Station">
Bingo-Yano Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18537596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537596" title="Jōge Station">
Jōge Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18537603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537603" title="Kamal el-Mallakh">
Kamal el-Mallakh

Kamal el-Mallakh (كمال الملاخ) was a famous Egyptian archaeologist who discovered The King Khufu Solar ship in 1954.
Life.
He was born to a Coptic family from Upper Egypt on 26 October 1918 and died on 29 October 1987.
He graduated from the School of Fine Arts in 1943 with a degree in Architecture and then received a master's degree in Egyptology from Cairo University.
In 1954 El Mallakh discovered two pits just south of the Great Pyramids of Giza on Cairo's western outskirts, he found Cheops first boat, the oldest wooden relic of Ancient Egypt Kingdom.
El Mallakh maintained that a nearby pit contained another boat. His theory was that the two boats were to ferry Cheops soul on a perpetual circle through the heavens, one for day time one for night. Other Archeologists denied the pit but it was an American National Geographic society who discovered it which indeed held a boat.
Kamel worked in the Giza area for 14 years where he discovered the Khufu ship: see Khufu ship#History.
In his later life he became one of the founders of the Cairo International Film Festival while working as a journalist for "Al-Ahram" newspaper.

</doc>
<doc id="18537605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537605" title="Vishay Intertechnology">
Vishay Intertechnology

Vishay Intertechnology, Inc. is one of the world's largest manufacturers of discrete semiconductors and passive electronic components. Vishay has manufacturing plants in Israel, Asia, Europe, and the Americas where it produces rectifiers, diodes, MOSFETs, optoelectronics, selected integrated circuits, resistors, capacitors, and inductors. Vishay Intertechnology revenues for 2011 were $2.594 billion. As of December 31, 2011, Vishay Intertechnology had approximately 20,900 full-time employees.
History.
Vishay Intertechnology was founded in 1962 by Dr. Felix Zandman. It began operations with a patented technology that had two product lines: foil resistors and foil resistance strain gages. In 1985, having grown from a start-up into the world's leading manufacturer of these original products, the company began an ongoing series of acquisitions to become a broadline manufacturer of electronics components.
Having expanded into so many product lines, Vishay announced in October 2009 that it would be creating a spin off company which focuses on their high precision technologies in Foil Technology. Vishay Precision Group represents approximately 9% of Vishay annual revenue, and included their product lines in Bulk Metal Foil Resistors, micro-measurements, load cells, process weighing, and on-board weighing. In July 2010, Vishay Intertechnology completed the spin-off of Vishay Precision Group (VPG).
Since 1985, Vishay has pursued a business strategy that principally consists of the following elements: expanding within the electronic components industry, primarily through the acquisition of other manufacturers of electronic components; reducing expenses; transferring manufacturing operations to countries with lower labor costs and government-sponsored incentives; maintaining significant production facilities in regions where Vishay markets the bulk of its products; continually rolling out new products; and strengthening relationships with customers and strategic partners. As a result of this strategy, Vishay has grown from a small manufacturer of precision resistors and resistance strain gages to one of the world’s largest manufacturers and suppliers of a broad line of electronic components.
Some of the manufacturers that Vishay has acquired include HiRel Systems (2012), the resistor business of Huntington Electric (2011), the wet tantalum capacitor business of KEMET (2008), the PCS business of International Rectifier (2007), BCcomponents and Beyschlag (2002), General Semiconductor, the infrared components business of Infineon, Mallory (NACC), and Tansitor (2001), Cera-Mite, Electro-Films, and Spectrol (2000), Siliconix and Telefunken (1998), Vitramon (1994), Roederstein (1993), Sprague (1992), Sfernice (1988), Draloric (1987), and Dale (1985).
The former Spectrol Reliance factory in Swindon, England, (UK arm of Spectrol Electronics that was acquired by Vishay in 2000, originally known as Reliance Controls) was the last design by Team 4 (Richard Rogers, Norman Foster and their respective wives), and is considered the first example of High-tech architecture in the United Kingdom. It opened in 1967 and was demolished in 1991, Spectrol Reliance moving to a different part of Swindon.

</doc>
<doc id="18537612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537612" title="Kōnu Station">
Kōnu Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18537615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537615" title="Iwate College of Nursing">
Iwate College of Nursing


</doc>
<doc id="18537627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537627" title="Kajita Station">
Kajita Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18537639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537639" title="De remediis utriusque fortunae">
De remediis utriusque fortunae

De remediis utriusque fortunae is a collection of 254 Latin dialogues written by the humanist Francesco Petrarca (1304-1374), commonly known as Petrarch.
The dialogues, completed towards the end of Petrarch's life, are treasure-chests of wisdom and humour which, despite the passing of six centuries, have not lost their relevance. They display remarkably lucid ideas that are cogently expressed. Drawing on classical sources, Petrarch expounded on refinement in taste and intellect, on finesse and propriety in speech and style.
The writing is a bouquet of moral philosophy, set out to show how thought and deed can generate happiness on the one hand, or sorrow and disillusionment on the other. In a recurring theme throughout the dialogues, Petrarch advises humility in prosperity and fortitude in adversity.
The 254 woodcut illustrations by the anonymous Master of Petrarch for the 1532 German edition are considered masterpieces of the German Renaissance.
In 1579 the dialogues were translated into English by the Elizabethan physician Thomas Twyne (1543–1613) and titled "Phisicke Against Fortune".

</doc>
<doc id="18537641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537641" title="Bingo-Yasuda Station">
Bingo-Yasuda Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18537648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537648" title="Shuko Junior College">
Shuko Junior College


</doc>
<doc id="18537654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537654" title="Kisa Station">
Kisa Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18537661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537661" title="Mirasaka Station">
Mirasaka Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18537662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537662" title="Kanazawa Gakuin College">
Kanazawa Gakuin College


</doc>
<doc id="18537676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537676" title="Komatsu College">
Komatsu College


</doc>
<doc id="18537677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537677" title="Thomas Armstrong (bishop)">
Thomas Armstrong (bishop)

Thomas Henry Armstrong was born on 2 April 1857 in Dublin and died on 23 March 1930. He was a Bishop in the Anglican Church of Australia.
Education.
He was educated at Geelong Grammar School, The Geelong College, and Trinity College (University of Melbourne) (B.A., 1880; M.A., 1883); and ordained deacon by Bishop James Moorhouse in December 1880 and priest in 1881,
Career.
He was curate of Christ Church, St Kilda (1881–83) and Christ Church, Hawthorn (1883), first vicar of St Columb's, Hawthorn (1883–94), and archdeacon of Gippsland (1894–1902). He was rural dean of Sale (1896–99), and a canon of St Paul's Cathedral, Melbourne and examining chaplain to the bishop of Melbourne (1899–1902).
On 24 February 1902 he was consecrated first Bishop of Wangaratta. During his tenure the bishop's lodge was built, St Columb's Hall for the education of clergy established and a cathedral partially completed.
In 1903 he was awarded an honorary D.D. by the University of Trinity College, Toronto, Canada.
He retired on 31 March 1927 and became acting incumbent of St John's, Toorak, and was president of the Melbourne College of Divinity in 1930.
Family.
He married Marion Ruth Henty on 19 May 1892.

</doc>
<doc id="18537687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537687" title="Blair Jacobs">
Blair Jacobs

Blair Jacobs is a freelance Broadcaster, Producer, Voice-over and media-trainer based in the East Riding of Yorkshire, England.
Since 1994, Jacobs has been working mainly for the BBC, producing and presenting radio programmes. He's also presented numerous regional television news bulletins for Look North in Yorkshire as well as fronting corporate videos for clients.
Blair is a key figure among the listeners of BBC Radio Humberside.
Presenting.
Until 7 November 2008, Blair was the presenter of "Soapbox", a regular weekday phone-in programme on BBC Radio Humberside. This slot was taken over by Peter Levy, however a new format has been introduced.
Jacobs remains the presenter of the Sunday morning religious strand and gardening programme, "The Great Outdoors" along with local expert Doug Stewart.

</doc>
<doc id="18537691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537691" title="Seiryo Women's Junior College">
Seiryo Women's Junior College


</doc>
<doc id="18537698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537698" title="Loscoat">
Loscoat

Geography.
Loscoat was, before 1945, a hamlet belonging to the village of Lambézellec(fr), which is now a large suburb of Brest. Part of the former hamlet has now become an industrial area(fr), whereas the rest has become a residential area.
World War II.
As in all other hamlets around Brest, intense fighting between the American infantry forces and the German Wehrmacht took place in Loscoat during the Battle for Brest. 
Most notably, Private First Class Ernest Prussman, from the 13th Infantry Regiment, took over his squad on 8 September 1944 during the advance on "Les Coates" "transliteration of Loscoat" in Brittany, and disarmed several Germans, including a machine gun crew. Shot by a German rifleman, his dying act was to unleash a hand grenade that killed the man who shot him. He was awarded a Medal of Honor posthumously.

</doc>
<doc id="18537711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537711" title="Ibaraki Women's Junior college">
Ibaraki Women's Junior college


</doc>
<doc id="18537726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537726" title="Bank Street (Manhattan)">
Bank Street (Manhattan)

Bank Street is a primarily residential street in the West Village part of Greenwich Village in the borough of Manhattan in New York City. It runs for a total length of about from West Street, crossing Washington Street and Greenwich Street, to Hudson Street and Bleecker Street where it is interrupted by the Bleecker Playground, north of which is Abingdon Square; it then continues to Greenwich Avenue, crossing West 4th Street and Waverly Place. Vehicular traffic runs west-east along this one-way street.
Bank Street is named for the Bank of New York, which bought eight lots on the street in 1798 and established a branch there. A clerk in the bank's main office on Wall Street had contracted yellow fever, leading the bank to buy land in Greenwich Village in order to have a branch office away from Wall Street where it could conduct business in the event of future emergencies.
Historical locations and notable residents.
The Bank Street College of Education, which was founded in 1916 as the Bureau of Educational Experiments, was located on Bank Street from 1930 to 1970. It retains the name but is no longer located there.
Grace Jones once lived at no. 166.
The former Bell Laboratories headquarters, now a National Historic Landmark, occupied the Westbeth complex at no. 155 on the north side of Bank Street. That complex now houses the Westbeth Artists Community where a large number of notable artists have been in residence. It also provides several performance spaces.
The HB Studio, an acting studio founded in 1945 by Herbert Berghof and his wife Uta Hagen, is located at no. 120. Many notable actors have taught and studied there. Opposite, Pearl Bailey lived in no. 109 in 1968. Next, in no. 105 lived John Lennon and Yoko Ono from 1971 until 1973; their neighbour at no. 107 was John Cage.
The 17-year old Betty Bacall, soon to be known as Lauren Bacall, moved into no. 75. On February 2, 1979, Sid Vicious died of a drug overdose in no. 63.
The journalist Charles Kuralt lived downstairs at no. 34 which was built in 1844 in the Gothic Revival style. The upstairs apartment of that house was described in Martin Amis' 1984 novel "Money" and Christopher Hitchens was a house guest there for six months when he arrived in New York from England. Mark Knopfler bought the neighbouring no. 36 in the late 1980s. The restaurant The Waverly Inn at no. 16 was bought in 2006 by Graydon Carter who moved in at no. 22.
The writer John Dos Passos lived at no. 11 in 1924–25 when he worked on his novel "Manhattan Transfer". His publisher, James Laughlin, lived next door at no. 9. Writer Willa Cather lived at no. 5 from 1913 until 1927 when that building was demolished during the construction of extensions to the IRT Broadway – Seventh Avenue Line; it became then nos. 1–7 where Patricia Highsmith lived with her family in 1938/39.

</doc>
<doc id="18537727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537727" title="Makhteshim Agan">
Makhteshim Agan

Makhteshim Agan Industries Ltd (also known as MA Industries, MAI) is a global manufacturer and distributor of branded off-patent crop protection solutions. In 1997, Makhteshim-Agan became a publicly traded company comprising two veteran companies: Makhteshim (1952) and Agan (1945), both involved in the manufacture of crop protection solutions. In 2011 the company was acquired by ChemChina.
For the year ended 31 December 2012, the company reported revenues of US$2.83 billion.
History of products.
In 1944, Zvi Zurr and Michael Pikarski established the Agan Cooperative for the development of chemical products for the growing agricultural industry of the fledgling Jewish state. They were later joined by colleagues Israel Tamir and Eliyahu Teomim. In 1954 the cooperative was dismantled and incorporated as a company known as Agan Chemical Manufacturers, for the development and production of herbicides. Zvi Zurr left Agan and relocated to the Negev where, in 1952, Makhteshim Chemical Works, producer and distributor of insecticides and fungicides, was established with funding from the Nir Company of the Histadrut (Labor Federation).
In 1973, Agan relocated once again to larger facilities in Ashdod, where it remains to this day. In the same year, Agan and Makhteshim established a partnership for worldwide distribution of their products. In 1997, the two companies merged to form Makhteshim Agan Industries Ltd., a major player in the industry that provides food for the world’s population.
Acquisition by ChemChina.
In October 2011, Makhteshim Agan was acquired by China National Agrochemical Corporation, a subsidiary of China National Chemical Corporation (ChemChina). ChemChina paid US$2.4 billion to conclude the deal – $1.272 billion to public shareholders and $1.128 billion to Koor Industries. Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu described the deal as "a big achievement for the economy of Israel." After the deal, ChemChina owns 60% of the company, with Koor retaining the remaining 40%, and as a result the company’s shares have been delisted from the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange .
Operations.
The group has several manufacturing facilities worldwide with key facilities located in Neot Hovav, Beer Sheba, Ashdod and Brazil. In addition, the Group has smaller manufacturing facilities in Colombia, Poland, Spain and Greece. Makhteshim-Agan has the largest generic distribution network in the world, comprising 43 marketing firms throughout the companies' markets in Europe, North America, Latin America, Asia, Pacific, Africa and the Middle East.
Products.
Crop Protection
Makhteshim-Agan’s principal area of activity is in crop protection where about 92% of the company’s revenues are generated. The company’s agrochemical product range includes three basic types: herbicides, insecticides and fungicides. These products improve the quality and quantity of crop yields by providing protection from weeds, insects and fungi. In recent years, the Group has increased its portfolio of products and its activities in stable markets.
Non-Agrochemical Products
Makhteshim-Agan has exploited its chemical and industrial know-how to develop additional products such as the antioxidant Lycopene, specialty aroma chemicals and other fine chemicals, which account for 8% of the company’s revenues.
Endosulfan.
Makhteshim Agan of North America (MANA), located in North Carolina, is the only U.S. producer of endosulfan, an organochlorine pesticide. The company markets the pesticide under the names Thionex 50W and Thionex 3EC. The United States Environmental Protection Agency announced in June 2010 that it would be banning endosulfan and was in discussions with Makhteshim Agan about discontinuing its manufacture. The director of global governmental and industry relations for the company stated "MANA continues to disagree fundamentally with EPA’s conclusions regarding endosulfan.” A global ban on the use and manufacture of endosulfan is being considered under the Stockholm Convention. MANA made its last production run of Endosulfan in 2010, and it should last for two more years. MANA will then stop selling the product, and will not make any more Endosulfan.

</doc>
<doc id="18537734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537734" title="Mito Junior College">
Mito Junior College


</doc>
<doc id="18537753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537753" title="Micropia">
Micropia

Micropia is the name of a family of LTR retrotransposons widespread in the genomes of fruitflies of the genus "Drosophila"2. Micropia retrotransposons in some species of "Drosophila" express a male germline-specific and meiotic-specific antisense transcript complementary to the reverse transcriptase (RT) and ribonuclease A (RNaseA) genes of the proviral retrotransposon.No active transposition of micropia has been registered so far. micropia is likely part of a selfish driver system responsible for the "Drosophila" Y chromosomal lampbrushloop evolution in some species.[3
Micropia was discovered after micro-cloning experiments carried out on Y-chromosomal lampbrush loops by Prof. Wolfgang Hennig. Similar loops can be found in lampbrush chromosomes (see Lampbrush chromosome) that are characterisitc for the female germ cells of most animals, except mammals. The name micropia is an artificial word, i.e. a concoction of "microcloning" and "copia-like element".
References.
1. Huijser, P., C. Kirchhoff, D. H. Lankenau, and W. Hennig. 1988. Retrotransposon-like sequences are expressed in Y chromosomal lampbrush loops of Drosophila hydei. J Mol Biol 203:689-97.
2. Lankenau, D. H., P. Huijser, E. Jansen, K. Miedema, and W. Hennig. 1988. Micropia: a retrotransposon of Drosophila combining structural features of DNA viruses, retroviruses and non-viral transposable elements. J Mol Biol 204:233-46.
3. Lankenau, S., V. G. Corces, and D. H. Lankenau. 1994. The Drosophila micropia retrotransposon encodes a testis-specific antisense RNA complementary to reverse transcriptase. Mol Cell Biol 14:1764-1775.
4. Burt, A., and R. Trivers. 2006. Genes in Conflict. The Belknap Press of Harvard University Press, Cambridge, Ma; London.

</doc>
<doc id="18537786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537786" title="Kim Hyun-Kwan">
Kim Hyun-Kwan

Kim Hyun-Kwan (; born 20 April 1985) is a South Korean football winger. He currently plays for Cheongju Jikji FC in the South Korean Challengers League.
He played for South Korean club FC Seoul, Changwon City FC and Finnish club JJK.

</doc>
<doc id="18537787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537787" title="Zacopride">
Zacopride

Zacopride is a potent antagonist at the 5HT3 receptor and an agonist at the 5HT4 receptor. It has anxiolytic and nootropic effects in animal models, with the (R) enantiomer being the more active form. It also has antiemetic and pro-respiratory effects, both reducing sleep apnoea and reversing opioid-induced respiratory depression in animal studies. 
Zacopride was found to significantly increase aldosterone levels in human subjects for 180 minutes at a dose of 400 micrograms. It is thought to do this by stimulating the 5-HT4 receptors on the adrenal glands. Zacropride also stimulated aldosterone secretion when applied to human adrenal glands "in vitro". No significant changes were observed in renin, ACTH, or cortisol levels.

</doc>
<doc id="18537810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537810" title="Heidi Mohr">
Heidi Mohr

Heidi Mohr (born May 29, 1967) is a former German footballer. As a footballer she was renowned for her speed and her ability to shoot with both feet. In 1999 she was voted Europe's Footballer of the Century.
Club career.
Heidi Mohr played in the Bundesliga for TuS Ahrbach, TuS Niederkirchen, and 1. FFC Frankfurt. She was top scorer in the Bundesliga for 5 consecutive years from 1991 to 1995.
National team.
Heidi Mohr's debut was against Norway on May 19, 1986. She had 104 appearances for Germany's national team and won the 1989 and 1991 Women's EURO. She scored 8 times at European Championships and 10 times at World Cups. With 83 career goals she was Germany's all time top scorer until Birgit Prinz overtook her in 2005. Mohr's last game was on September 29, 1996 against Iceland.
Matches and goals scored at World Cup and Olympic tournaments.
Heidi Mohr competed in two FIFA Women's World Cup: China 1991 and Sweden 1995; and one Olympics: Atlanta 1996; played 15 matches and scored 11 goals
Mohr with her Germany team finished third at the 1991 Women's World Cup, held in China.

</doc>
<doc id="18537833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537833" title="Kfar HaMaccabi">
Kfar HaMaccabi

Kfar HaMaccabi (, "lit." Village of the Maccabi) is a kibbutz in northern Israel. Located near Kiryat Ata, it falls under the jurisdiction of Zevulun Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 289.
The village was founded in 1936 by members of the HaMaccabi HaTzair youth movement from Czechoslovakia and Germany who had immigrated with the help of Menahem Ussishkin for the first Maccabiah Games in 1932, and was named after the youth group.

</doc>
<doc id="18537838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537838" title="Alltddu Halt railway station">
Alltddu Halt railway station

Alltddu Halt railway station served the village of Alltddu, located between Lampeter to Aberystwyth on the Carmarthen Aberystwyth Line in the Welsh county of Ceredigion. The Ystwyth Trail, a multi-use rail trail, now passes the site on the railbed of the former railway. 
History.
Opened by the Great Western Railway, the station passed on to British Railways on nationalisation in 1948. It was then closed by the British Railways Board.

</doc>
<doc id="18537858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537858" title="RTÉ Executive Board">
RTÉ Executive Board

The RTÉ Executive Board is a committee composed of the senior management of the Irish public service broadcaster, Raidió Teilifís Éireann, responsible for the day-to-day running of the broadcaster.
Composition.
The Executive Board is chaired by the Director-General of RTÉ. The board is made up of the Managing Directors of Television, Radio, News, the Chief Financial Officer and the Director of Communications. The Director-General is appointed by the Authority while the other board members are appointed by the Director-General. Currently members of the board are:
Role.
The group is responsible for the management of the corporation on a day-to-day basis. Despite its name, the board was not a board of directors, but rather is a management team. As RTÉ was not legally a company as defined by the Companies' Acts, it did not have a board of directors as such. However that role is filled by the RTÉ Authority, who were the statutory body charged with running RTÉ under the Broadcasting Authority Acts 1960-2002. The Authority was however a part-time non-executive body, while the members of the Board work full-time for RTÉ and are full-time executives of the corporation.This will change following the enactment of the Broadcasting Act 2009 and RTÉ will become a semi-state company under the Companies Acts.
The Executive Board reports to the RTÉ Board through the Director General.
As RTÉ is a state owned corporation, the Executive thus has responsibility to those householders with a television that pay the TV licence. It should be pointed out however, that legal responsibility for the service rests with the Board of Radio Telifís Éireann and not the Executive.
Mission to Prey.
Following RTÉ's defamation of Father Kevin Reynolds in its "Mission to Prey" episode of "Prime Time", RTÉ announced that Ed Mulhall, MD News, had "retired" on 3 April 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="18537859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537859" title="Robert Sidney Cahn">
Robert Sidney Cahn

Robert Sidney Cahn (9 June 1899 – 15 June 1981) was a British chemist, best known for his contributions to chemical nomenclature and stereochemistry, particularly by the Cahn–Ingold–Prelog priority rules, which he proposed in 1956 with Christopher Kelk Ingold and Vladimir Prelog.
Cahn was born in Hampstead, London. He became a fellow of the Royal Institute of Chemistry and was editor of the Journal of the Chemical Society from 1949 until 1963, and he remained with the Society as Director of Publications Research until his retirement in 1965.

</doc>
<doc id="18537870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537870" title="Allan Evans">
Allan Evans

Allan Evans may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18537906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537906" title="Chevaline Re-entry Body">
Chevaline Re-entry Body

The Chevaline Re-entry Body (ReB) was the Re-entry vehicle (RV), of the British Chevaline warhead development of the Royal Navy's UGM-27 Polaris missile system. Chevaline was devised as an answer to the improved Soviet defences around Moscow, the system being intended to increase the probability of at least one warhead penetrating the city's Anti-ballistic missile (ABM) defences, something which the Royal Navy's earlier Polaris RVs were thought to be unlikely to do. The Chevaline system was in service from 1982 to 1996, when it was replaced by Trident D5.
Construction.
Whilst the fully assembled Chevaline ReB and a new warhead was of identical external shape, and balance to US Polaris RVs to minimise development costs and avoid the need for full-scale flight testing, the Chevaline ReB was unusual in using a new material known as 3-Dimensional Quartz Phenolic (3DQP), which was developed in the UK and subsequently used on US warheads. 3DQP is a phenolic-based material composed of a quartz cloth material woven into a seamless sock shape cloth impregnated with a phenolic resin and hot-pressed. The quartz material 'hardens' the ReB protecting the nuclear warhead against high-energy neutrons emitted by exo-atmospheric Anti-ballistic missile (ABM) bursts before re-entry. When cured, 3DQP can be machined in the same way as metals and is tough and fire-resistant.
Manufacture.
A licence to manufacture 3DQP in the US was acquired and production was undertaken by AVCO, one of the two suppliers of US RV's, the other being General Electric. The first production examples of the Chevaline ReB were manufactured by AVCO, now part of Textron before production began in the UK at the Royal Ordnance Factory at Burghfield, now incorporated into the Atomic Weapons Establishment, Aldermaston, using quartz thread material obtained from France.
Later, the supply of test samples of 3DQP to France without UK permission caused friction between the British Government and AVCO, and action in the US courts by the British government.

</doc>
<doc id="18537916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537916" title="Juan Martínez Oliver">
Juan Martínez Oliver

Juan Martínez Oliver (Almeria, 4 February 1964) is a former Spanish professional road bicycle racer. He won a stage in the 1988 Tour de France.

</doc>
<doc id="18537924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537924" title="Anonima Petroli Italiana">
Anonima Petroli Italiana

Anonima Petroli Italiana or simply api (in lower case) is a large oil company in Italy. It is a provider of crude oil for the petrochemical industry and a distributor of petroleum products. It is the most important subsidiary of the holding company Gruppo api (api Group), which also includes api Raffineria di Ancona SpA, api Energia SpA, Festival SpA, apioil Ltd, api GmbH and api Services Ltd. It is headquartered in Rome, Italy.
Description.
The company was founded in Ancona in 1933 by Ferdinando Peretti. It operates as a strategic coordinator of all api group's activities, through the direct supplying of semi-finished crude oil and assigned in the production, the acquisition of finished products and their transport, the exchanges with other oil companies to optimize the distributive logistics, the complementary activity of trading of crude oil and by-products to clients, and the sale of all the by-products in Italy and to foreign countries. It also is dedicated to operate and develop oil an gas field properties. It ownes a refinery in Ancona with a capacity of 3.9 million tonnes/year and an electric power plant of 250 MW. 
In 2005 it acquired the IP gas station chain from ENI. After a few years running the chains in parallel it switched all its stations to a revamped IP image and now supplies around 4,200 filling stations (up from around 1,600 at the time of the acquisition) with a market share of 11%.

</doc>
<doc id="18537936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537936" title="Uppsala Conflict Data Program">
Uppsala Conflict Data Program

The Uppsala Conflict Data Program (UCDP) is a data collection project on organized violence housed at Uppsala University in Sweden. The program aims to gather information on armed conflict and make it publicly available online and in its annual report, “States in Armed Conflict.” The UCDP collects both quantitative and qualitative data on organized violence (e.g. fatality statistics, georeferenced event data, armed actor and conflict descriptions) that is used by social science researchers, journalists and policymakers.
Background.
The UCDP began recording information on ongoing violent conflicts in the 1970s. It became clear that more systematic and global data on armed conflicts was necessary for conducting research in the expanding academic discipline of peace and conflict studies.
Initially the program collected data only on so-called “armed conflict”, defined as fighting exceeding 25 battle-related deaths between two actors of which at least one had to be a state. In later years the data gathering grew, and the program also began collecting data on “non-state conflicts” (where neither party was a state) and “one-sided violence” (where an organized group attacked unarmed civilians).
The UCDP’s data is published annually in such renowned publications as the "SIPRI Yearbook" "Journal of Peace Research". The UCDP also makes its data publicly available through its website and in its annual publication, "States in Armed Conflict".
Organization.
The UCDP is located at the Department of Peace and Conflict Research, at Uppsala University in Sweden. The program is led by the Dag Hammarskjöld Professor of Peace and Conflict Research, Peter Wallensteen, and employs approximately 15 research assistants and researchers. A number of scholars and Ph.D. candidates are also attached to the program and tasked with carrying out research for the collection of conflict data. In addition to collecting data the program disseminates knowledge on trends and dynamics of armed conflict to the public via lectures at academic and government forums.
Cooperation.
The UCDP works closely with the Peace Research Institute in Oslo (PRIO) and the Human Security Report Project, based within the School for International Studies at Simon Fraser University in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. The UCDP collaborates with PRIO to create its datasets and provides the Human Security Centre with data for its annual publication, the Human Security Report. The UCDP’s data is published annually in collaboration with the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute and appears in the "SIPRI Yearbook".
Research.
Hundreds of scholars have used the UCDP’s data for research. The UCDP couples data collection with research on conflict resolution and the dynamics of conflicts. Much of the research done by UCDP staff is published in the UCDP’s States in Armed Conflict annual report, the annual SIPRI Yearbook, and the Journal of Peace Research.
Publications.
UCDP data has been published in the SIPRI Yearbook since 1988. Since 1993 a list of all armed conflicts also appears in the acclaimed Journal of Peace Research. Data on non-state conflicts appears in the Human Security Report from 2004. The UCDP also releases (annually) its own report, the States in Armed Conflict publication. UCDP data is also frequently used by journalists, government agencies and other organizations to produce overviews of peace and conflict in the world. One prominent index that uses UCDP data is the Global Peace Index.
The UCDP’s Definitions of Organized Violence.
The program divides armed conflict into three categories: “state-based conflict”, “non-state conflict” and “one-sided violence”.
State-based conflict refers to what most people intuitively perceive as “war”; fighting either between two states, or between a state and a rebel group that challenges it. The UCDP defines an armed state-based conflict as: “An armed conflict is a contested incompatibility that concerns government and/or territory where the use of armed force between two parties, of which at least one is the government of a state, results in at least 25 battle-related deaths in one calendar year”. The program’s definition differs somewhat from other data collection programs, such as the Correlates of War Project, which only counts conflicts where at least 1,000 deaths have been recorded during one calendar year. In UCDP data such an armed conflict is labelled as having the intensity level of “war”, whilst armed conflicts that reap between 25 and 999 battle-related deaths are seen as having the intensity of a “minor” armed conflict.
Non-state conflicts are those conflicts in which none of the warring parties is a state. Examples of non-state conflicts include, the Fatah-Hamas conflict of 2006 and 2007, inter-ethnic group conflicts such as the Lou Nuer – Murle conflict of 2009-2012, and inter-cartel violence in the Mexican Drug War.
One-sided violence is defined as: “The use of armed force by the government of a state or by a formally organized group against civilians which results in at least 25 deaths in a year”. Examples include the Governments of Sudan, Myanmar, and Syria against civilians as well as non-state organizations such as Los Zetas, Al Qaeda, and the Lord's Resistance Army against civilians.
List of state-based conflicts in 2011.
In 2011 the UCDP reported 37 active state-based armed conflicts:
Europe
• Russia (territory: Caucasus Emirate)
Middle East
• Iran (government)
• Iraq (government)
• Israel (territory: Palestine)
• Syria (government)
• Turkey (territory: Kurdistan)
• Yemen (government)
Asia
• Afghanistan (government)
• Cambodia, Thailand (territory: common border)
• India (territory: Kashmir)
• India (government)
• Myanmar (territory: Karen)
• Myanmar (territory: Kachin)
• Myanmar (territory: Shan)
• Pakistan (territory: Baluchistan)
• Pakistan (government)
• Philippines (territory: Mindanao)
• Philippines (government)
• Tajikistan (government)
• Thailand (territory: Patani)
Africa
• Algeria (government)
• Central African Republic (government)
• Ethiopia (territory: Ogaden)
• Ethiopia (territory: Oromiya)
• Ivory Coast (government)
• Libya (government)
• Mauritania (government)
• Nigeria (government)
• Rwanda (government)
• Senegal (territory: Casamance)
• Somalia (government)
• Southern Sudan (government)
• Sudan (government)
• Sudan (territory: Abyei)
• Uganda (government)
Americas
• Colombia (government)
• USA (government)
Out of these 37 armed conflicts a total of six (Yemen, Afghanistan, Pakistan, Libya, Somalia and Sudan) reached the intensity level of “War”, meaning that more than 1,000 battle-related deaths were recorded in 2011. In 2012 six conflicts also reached the intensity level of “War.”
Criticism.
Edward Herman, Professor Emeritus of Finance at the Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania and his colleague David Peterson, co-authors of "The Politics of Genocide" have accused the UCDP of using “politicized[...]methodologies” in an effort to “minimize U.S.- and Western-led warmaking and killing.” Exemplifying these assertions they compare the classification of US involvement in Guatemala and the perception of Soviet involvement in Afghanistan by the program.
UCDP on the Internet.
The UCDP’s homepage is located at http://www.ucdp.uu.se. The UCDP also has an on-line database of organised violence, accessible at http://www.ucdp.uu.se/gpdatabase/search.php. The database provides free information on state-based and non-state conflicts, as well as one-sided violence. It also includes descriptive information on causes and histories of conflicts and one-sided violence and brief descriptions of rebel groups, governments and related items.
UCDP for iPhone and Android.
As of July 2010 the UCDP Conflict Database is available as an iPhone application and an Android application.

</doc>
<doc id="18537948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537948" title="P Kesava Menon">
P Kesava Menon

Puliyakot Keshava Menon (1917 – October 22, 1979) was a mathematician best known as Director of the Indian Joint Cipher Bureau.
His sudden demise on October 22, 1979, ended active research in the areas of number theory, combinatorics, algebra and cryptography.
Early life.
P. Kesava Menon was born (1917) in Alathur, which is now part of the Palakkad District of Kerala state in India. His mother, Devaky Amma, hailed from the Kunissery Puliyakot family and, as per custom, Kesava Menon took his family name from his mother. His father, A K Krishnan Unni Kartha, hailed from Aiyiloor in the Palghat district. Menon grew up on Alathur under his uncle's supervision and hence his primary and high school education was conducted in modest surrounding at Alathur itself.
Higher education.
As was the custom for bright students from landed families those days, Menon had to travel to Madras city and join the Madras Christian College for his higher studies. There, he completed his MA in Mathematics and was awarded a scholarship to pursue research under the guidance of Prof R Vaidyanathaswamy. In 1941, the University of Madras awarded him a MSc Degree for the thesis entitled "Contributions to the theory of multiplicative arithmetic functions".
Educator.
Thereafter he was appointed lecturer at the Annamalai University, where he served for two years, before joining the staff of Madras Christian College again as a professor and warden of Seliyur Hall. He was devoted to his research work along with teaching, and, in 1948, he submitted his dissertation on "Contributions to the theory of numbers" for which he was conferred the highest and rarest degree of Doctor of Science (DSc).
He theorized and published the classical inequality theory, which is today known as "Kesava Menon's classical inequality theorem" ]
He partnered with the renowned mathematician Ramanujan, on the number theory, as noted here in the Journal of the London Mathematical Society ]

</doc>
<doc id="18537952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537952" title="Angelique's Descent">
Angelique's Descent

"Dark Shadows: Angelique's Descent" is a Big Finish Productions abridged reading of Lara Parker's own novel, based on the long-running American horror soap opera series "Dark Shadows". 
Plot.
Angelique Bouchard grew up on the island of Martinique but it was a meeting with Barnabas Collins that was to change her life...

</doc>
<doc id="18537970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537970" title="Project Lingua">
Project Lingua

Project Lingua is an online translation community formed in 2007 with the goal of translating articles from the global citizen media project Global Voices Online from English into other languages, opening lines of communication between bloggers across the world. The project currently translates into 39 different languages, and incorporates an estimated active 570 volunteer translators and translation editors. Along with the Cucumis project and the Wikipedia's own translation projects in every language, such as the , Project Lingua is considered one of the largest volunteer-based online translation communities in the world.
Origin of the Project.
Project Lingua began as a community-based initiative by Taiwanese blogger Portnoy Zheng, who started translating Global Voices articles into Chinese as early as September, 2005. This initial idea became a project of its own at the Global Voices Summit in December 2006, where it was given the name "Lingua". 
The first official Lingua sites, launched by June 2007, were Chinese (both Simplified and Traditional), Bangla, Farsi, Spanish, Portuguese and French. The project has since grown rapidly in size and scope, having 35 sites active as of June 2013. Global Voices is translated in all the top Languages used on the Internet but also include under-represent and indigenous languages, such as Aymara.
Some sites have been started but lack volunteers to take off. Among inactive languages as of August 2012 are Amharic, Burmese, Hebrew, Hindi. Translators apply via the Translation Application Form.
Collaborations.
Project Lingua has content-sharing/partnerships (formal and informal) with news sites and other online organizations, such as:
Project Lingua has also partnered with like minded organisations to provide translations. In August 2012, Project Lingua launched a collaborative effort to translate the Declaration of Internet Freedom providing the text in 31 languages.

</doc>
<doc id="18537976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537976" title="Éric Boyer">
Éric Boyer

Éric Boyer (2 December 1963) is a French former professional road bicycle racer.
Boyer was born in Choisy-le-Roi. In the 1988 Tour de France, he finished in 5th place in the overall classification. Boyer won a stage in the 1991 Giro d'Italia. After his cycling career, Boyer worked for television and newspapers. He was manager of the Cofidis team until June 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="18537977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537977" title="NewsX">
NewsX

NewsX is a 24-hour rolling news television channel in India, which was rated India's most watched English news channel by TAM in 2008 and 2013. The channel carries stories on domestic politics, international affairs, human interest, business, sport, entertainment, culture, lifestyle etc.
History.
The channel was launched on 28 March 2008 by the INX Network, which was then headed by Indrani Mukherjea.
NewsX was India’s first HDTV channel and the country's only free to air English news channel. It was later acquired by iTV network. The network, led by Kartikeya Sharma, also owns the Hindi news channel India News, along with four regional news channels.
The present colour scheme includes simple black backgrounds with yellow and white text.
On 9 January 2009 NewsX was purchased by Indi-Media Network, a partnership between the NaiDunia () CEO Vinay Chhajlani and former Businessworld editor Jehangir Pochaa.
In September 2010, NewsX announced its intention to re-brand as IMN News. Kartikeya Sharma led Information TV Private Limited (India News) acquired News X.
In 2012, the channel started ""A Home For Falak"" in association with Fortis Healthcare to support the traumatised condition of the two year old abandoned and battered baby Falak.
Management.
The channel's management includes RK Arora, Raktim Das, Varun Kohli. Rahul Shivshankar, formerly executive editor with Headlines Today, is the managing editor, along with Diptosh Majumdar, former national affairs editor at CNN-IBN.
Audience.
The channel targets the SEC AB viewers in the 25-44 age group and has repeatedly had the highest number of viewers in this TG. It was the most watched English News channel in 2013 according to the TAM ratings, with highest Time Spent per Viewer. Its TAM All India was over 1 million, including six metros, CS males 25-44 AB, Week 19 to Week 39, 2013, combined GVTs and average TSPV.
NewsX is available on all major DTH platforms, Digital/Analog cable, Web and Mobile Television.

</doc>
<doc id="18537980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537980" title="Ramat Yohanan">
Ramat Yohanan

Ramat Yohanan (, "lit." Yohanan Heights) is a kibbutz in northern Israel. Located near Kiryat Ata, it falls under the jurisdiction of Zevulun Regional Council. In 2011 it had a population of 842.
The village was founded in 1932 on land bought by Yehoshua Hankin from the Lebanese in 1925. The founders were a mix of native Jews and immigrants from the United States. It was named after the South African politician Jan Smuts, who was a prominent supporter of Zionism. 
It was the location of the Battle of Ramat Yohanan during the 1947–1948 Civil War in Mandatory Palestine. The Druze regiment of the Arab Liberation Army were confronted by the Haganah soldiers. Having run out of ammunition, the Druze withdrew to their base in Shefa-'Amr with many casualties. As a result of their defeat, many Druze swapped sides in the conflict, and began co-operating with the Haganah.
In 1941, Yitzhak Rabin joined the Palmach section of the Haganah during his stay at kibbutz Ramat Yohanan.

</doc>
<doc id="18537984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537984" title="Guangzhou–Shenzhen–Hong Kong Express Rail Link Hong Kong section">
Guangzhou–Shenzhen–Hong Kong Express Rail Link Hong Kong section

The Guangzhou-Shenzhen-Hong Kong Express Rail Link Hong Kong Section (XRL HK Section) is a proposed high speed railway connecting Kowloon with the high-speed rail network of China at Shenzhen. As its name suggests, it is part of the rail link between Hong Kong and Guangzhou, the capital city of Guangdong province.
Current plan.
In April 2007, the Executive Council assigned the task of planning and design of the Hong Kong section of the Guangzhou–Shenzhen–Hong Kong Express Rail Link (XRL) to the MTR Corporation Limited (MTRCL). The government projected that the XRL will carry about 100,000 passengers daily in 2020 and 120,000 passengers in 2030, generating an economic benefit of $83 billion over the next 50 years in terms of travelling time saved. Construction cost were estimated at $39.5 billion (US$5 billion), giving an economic internal rate of return of about 9%. The government stated the objectives were to "reinforce Hong Kong's position as the transport hub in southern China and integrate Hong Kong into the country's rapidly growing express rail network", and promoting cultural tourism. It also argued that shortening the travelling time between Hong Kong and Guangzhou to just under 50 minuteshalf the current journey time would save "$83 billion over the next 50 years in terms of travelling time", and the creation of 5,000 jobs during construction, and 10,000 operational jobs.
The XRL HK Section will only serve the West Kowloon Terminus. Trains will run to Guangzhou South Station in the Shibi Township of the Panyu District in southern Guangzhou through three intermediate stations, namely, Futian, Longhua (Shenzhen North) and Humen. The expected travel time between Guangzhou South and West Kowloon stations is estimated to be 48 minutes, with a total distance of 142 kilometers. 
It is expected that Shenzhen North Station will be open in 2010, and Futian Station in 2014. Trains departed from Hong Kong may have destinations beyond Guangzhou, through the Wuguang High-Speed Railway and the Shiwu High-Speed Railway, or via Shenzhen North to Hangzhou and Shanghai through the Xiashen Railway, Huhangyong Railway, etc.
Under the current plan the total distance of the Hong Kong section is 26 kilometres, most of which through underground tunnels. The dedicated track will enable a top speed of 200 km/h; the expected travel time from Kowloon, scheduled to open in 2016, to Shenzhen's Futian Station is 12 minutes. 
The construction cost in Hong Kong will be covered by the Hong Kong taxpayer (whereas the construction cost in the Mainland section will be covered by the Guangdong Provincial Government and PRC's Ministry of Railways). 
Hoping to be able to start construction of the Hong Kong section of the Express Rail Link (XRL) project before the end of 2009, the Executive Council approved the implementation on 20 October, paving the way for funding approval from the Finance Committee of the Legislative Council. 
Appropriations for the project secured approval of the Hong Kong Legislative Council on 16 January 2010. 
Service between Guangzhou South and Shenzhen North stations started on 26 December 2011. The extension to Futian station, originally scheduled for 2012, has been delayed until 2014.
Opposition to the project.
On 29 November 2009, a demonstration of more than 1,000 people protesting against the construction of the Express Rail link gained the attention of the local media when a group of 100 people engaged in a sit-in protest in front of the government headquarters in Central. On 18 December 2009, when the funding application was debated in the Finance Committee of the Legislative Council, a demonstration of an estimated 1,000 to 2,000 people was staged around the Legislative Council Building. The debate did not end at the time when the meeting was scheduled to be ended, and the funding application was not yet voted on. A major protest followed in January 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="18537991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537991" title="Danieli">
Danieli

Danieli () ranks among three largest suppliers of equipment and plants to the
metal industry in the world. The company has seven factories in Italy, Germany, France, Sweden, Thailand, China and India.
The Headquarter is in Buttrio, North-East of Italy.
History.
1914.
Danieli’s origins date to 1914 when two brothers, Mario and Timo Danieli, founded the Angelini Steelworks in Brescia, Italy. This was one of the first Italian companies to use Electric Arc Furnaces in steelmaking.
1929.
Part of the Angelini Steelworks was transferred to Buttrio, Italy. In those days the Company manufactured tools for forging plants and auxiliary machines for rolling mills.
1955.
Luigi Danieli took over the family business which, at that time employed 50 people, and started designing and manufacturing equipment for the steel industry. Mr. Danieli’s idea was to manufacture more competitive equipment, simplify layouts and maximize the use of automation. One of the concepts developed, namely the "EAF - conticaster - rolling mill" production route, has characterized and contributed to the successful development of the minimill process that is widely adopted today.
1981-1985.
Numerous plants were supplied by Danieli on a turnkey basis in the USA, the Far East, the former Soviet Union and North Africa, considerably increasing the Group's turnover. The large-scale investments made in research enabled the company to achieve a leading position worldwide in plants for commercial long products.
1986-1990.
The first direct casting-rolling plant for long products was built in Italy. In the USA, Danieli conquered 80% of the market for long product plants. Morgårdshammar in Sweden was acquired. That company, founded in 1856, had been world leader in the supply of rolling mills for long products in special steels. Centro Met in Sweden was founded as a specialized team in steel melting and refining processes for quality steel production. The orders from major steel producers like Krupp, Cogne, Ovako, Teledyne, and Uddeholm made Danieli an international leader in specialty steels. Furthermore, an industrial-scale prototype of the Thin Slab Caster was created for research purposes. Group turnover, which in 1980 was 67 M Euro, increased to 396 M Euro; employees reached 1,870 people.
1991-1995.
Mrs. Cecilia Danieli was appointed Chairman of the Board and Mr. Gianpietro Benedetti was appointed President and CEO. A strategic decision was made to expand into the flat product sector which, at that time, was dominated by German, English and Japanese plant manufacturers. Danieli acquired Wean Industries and United Engineering in the USA, founded in 1929 and
1901 respectively, which, between 1950 and 1980, designed and manufactured 60% of the plants for the production of flat products worldwide. The value and importance of Danieli’s technology in the flat product sector was recognized right from the beginning, and this led to a long series of significant orders like: the Thin Slab Caster revamp at Nucor Hickman; the Hot Strip Mill at North Star-BHP Steel; the Thin Slab Caster and HSM at Algoma Steel, the first in the world to produce a wide range
of quality steels, including peritectic. World leading companies Sund Birsta - finishing and tying services for long products, Sweden, and Rotelec - electromagnetic stirrers for casters, France, were acquired. The world’s second unique "direct casting-rolling" plant for quality steels was commissioned at Republic Engineered Steels in the USA. Kia Steel, Korea, ordered an
automatic conditioning plant for specialty engineering steels. Danieli becomes shareholder of ABS - an Italian specialty
steelmaking company.
1996-2000.
Cold Strip Mills also were supplied to Nucor Hickman and Usinor, Sidmar, and Strip Processing Lines to Worthington Steel,US Steel, Galvak, Hoogovens, Sidmar (now Arcelor) and Stahlwerke Bremen. Thin Slab Casters and Plate Mills were supplied to Nucor and IPSCO in the USA, resulting in a 30% market share in 1999. Danieli’s world leadership for long products in commercial and special steels was consolidated with an international market share of 65%. In 1997 a major research project for the first endless casting and rolling plant for long products was given the go-ahead, the results of which would be seen in the year 2000. In 1999 Danieli entered into a joint venture with Corus Technical Services to integrate its product lines with Blast Furnaces, converter meltshops and associated services. In the same year Danieli also acquired the patents of the "Arex" direct reduction process, an innovative technology that improves the efficiency of iron ore reduction, with lower production and depreciation costs. Josef Fröhling, a German company specialized in narrow cold strip rolling mills and finishing plants for stainless steels and non-ferrous metals, was acquired. On June 17, 1999, at the age of 56, Mrs. Cecilia Danieli passed away; her contribution to the development of the company was invaluable. Danieli acquired Davy Distington, UK, a company specialized in engineering and design of slab and bloom casters. In 2000 Danieli had a sales revenue of over 930 M Euro, with some 3,200 employees in Italy, Sweden, Germany, USA, UK and France. The most revolutionary endless castingrolling minimill for specialty steel long products was started up at ABS, Italy.
2001-2010.
Mr. Gianpietro Benedetti was appointed Chairman and CEO of the Danieli Group. Danieli increased its market share in China with regard to flat products (e.g. Tangshan, Handan, Benxi, Tonghua, Anyang, Shaoguan) and started up several thin slab casting plants, setting the worldwide production record of 3.25 Mtpy with a 2-strand TSC at TISCO. Thanks to these successful start-ups Danieli definitively ranks among the leading suppliers of hot and cold rolling plants and processing lines for flat products. In 2004 Danieli entered the market for plants for seamless pipes and was awarded nine orders in four years.
In 2007 Danieli started the world’s largest bloom caster, producing round blooms up to 700 mm. Tokyo Steel (Japan) ordered the largest EAF in the world: 420 t liquid steel capacity. In 2007 MMK-Atakas (Turkey) ordered from Danieli a high-tech QSP to produce 2.4 Mtpy of hot coils, through a 250-t EAF and two Thin Slab Casters, including a cold complex and strip processing lines. Posco (Korea) placed an order to substitute two SMS Demag thin slab casters with a single strand Danieli high-speed TSC.
To complement the range of machinery and plants for the pipe industry Danieli acquired W+K IndustrieTechnik (Germany), a leader in the design and manufacturing of plants for longitudinaland spiral-welded pipe mills for pipe diameters up to 3.2 m. A high-tech thick slab caster for stainless steels is supplied to TKS AS Terni (Italy). Danieli expands its production capacity by establishing three new fully owned production centers in Thailand and China reaching a total manufacturing area of 316,000 sqm, employing 3500 more people. New engineering and design departments were also started up in India, Ukraine and Vietnam.
Danieli Automation consolidates its capabilities in the design of high-tech automation and process control systems also for flat product mills with the startup of the OMK (Russia) minimill, entirely equipped with DA automation process control and electrical equipment, from scrap to finished coils.
The award of four PSP section mills consolidates the leadership of Danieli Morgårdshammar also in this sector. The successful startup of two conticasters for beam blanks up to 600 mm contribute to the acquisition of several orders for similar plants in the same year. Additional orders are acquired for two 2-Mtpy DRI plants, totaling four units in the last two years. Mr. Franco Alzetta is appointed COO of engineering and steel plantmaking. The ABS steelmaking plant exceeds 1 Mtpy of special steel production.
In 2009 Danieli is awarded the first complete heavy structural mill for sections up to 1,000 mm in the Middle East by ESI (Abu Dhabi); for the same company the first 1.6-Mtpy Energiron DRI plant is started up reaching an actual production of up to 2 Mtpy. The first ever endless casting- rolling long product micromill is successfully started up in the USA. The new generation TSC caster scores up to 340 tph of thin slab at Posco, Korea. 

</doc>
<doc id="18537997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18537997" title="Clothes of Sand">
Clothes of Sand

Dark Shadows: Clothes of Sand is a Big Finish Productions original dramatic reading based on the long-running American horror soap opera series "Dark Shadows". 
Plot.
From the Big Finish Website:
"When Maggie Evans is take to the Windcliff Institute, she begins her recovery from the ordeal she suffered at the hands of Barnabas Collins. As she undergoes hypnosis, disturbing memories of her childhood being to surface. Who was the imaginary friend who once watched over her, and what threat does he prose for Maggie's future?"

</doc>
<doc id="18538019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538019" title="Tommy Engel">
Tommy Engel

Tommy Engel (born 1949) is a German musician and actor. He was the lead singer of German band Bläck Fööss through 1994, and has released albums as a solo performer.

</doc>
<doc id="18538028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538028" title="Chartered Institute of Personnel and Development">
Chartered Institute of Personnel and Development

The Chartered Institute of Personnel and Development (CIPD) is a professional association for human resource management professionals. It is headquartered in Wimbledon, London, England. The organisation was founded in 1913 and has over 130,000 members internationally working across private, public and voluntary sectors. 
Peter Cheese was announced in June 2012 as CIPD's new CEO and commenced work on championing better work & working lives on 2 July 2012.
Previous names and history.
Chartered status was achieved in 2000 and the IPD was incorporated under Royal Charter to the CIPD from 1 July of that year 
CIPD membership.
Levels of CIPD membership.
Non Chartered Grades (until June 2010)
Non Chartered Grades (after June 2010)
Chartered grades of membership.
Awarded on request to graduate members who have three years' relevant managerial experience. Or a non-graduate member assessed against the professional standards after five years' relevant experience.
An upgrade from Chartered MCIPD, applicants must have at least 10 years relevant experience.
By invitation only, awarded in recognition of contributions to the profession or the Institute.
Professional qualifications.
The CIPD's Professional Standards govern entry to CIPD membership and form the basis of all their qualifications. Most CIPD qualifications lead to a professional grade of membership. A network of education centres offers a range of full-time, part-time and flexible learning courses. The CIPD Professional Development Scheme (PDS) is seen as the leading qualification in the field of Human Resource Management in the UK and is held by many UK and international HR directors.
Level 3 Foundation qualifications.
This level is comparable to the Qualifications and Credit Framework (QCF) level 3 in England and comaparable to the European Qualifications Framework (EQF) level 4. Level 3 Foundation qualifications replace and are equivalent to the previous Certificate in Personnel Practice (CPP) and Certificate in Training Practice (CPP).
Level 7 Advanced qualifications.
These replace and are equivalent to the previous CIPD Professional Development Scheme (PDS)
Professional Development Scheme.
The Professional Development Scheme is currently in a period of transition and is lomger available to new students, a Practitioner level course at a Level 7 or Postgraduate qualification that cover particular fields of study, each field with the exception of Applied Personnel and Development Standards requires completion of assignments and exams in four fields to be successfully awarded the Diploma in Personnel and Development and the award of Graduate membership. Successful completion of any one field leads to Licentiate membership and award of a Postgraduate Certificate.
"A typical Generalist stream offered by education providers would be the following modules People Resourcing, Learning & Development, Employee Relations and Employee Reward. The Learning and Development stream would be any four out of the five L&D elective modules whilst Employee Reward and Employee Relations need the addition of People Resourcing"
Research.
The CIPD’s research covers all aspects of working life, from recruitment to employment law, and work-life balance to productivity. The CIPD's current research projects include: coaching, cross-boundary working, employer branding, helping people learn, improving health through HRM, information and consultation, the relationship between HR and recruitment agencies, reward and smart working.
Public policy.
The CIPD, in partnership with its members, has a duty to represent the public policy interests of the HR community. The CIPD uses its research and the professional experience of its members to develop pragmatic, rather than political responses to public policy. Some of the CIPD's policy advisors are well respected and frequently cited in the media, notably John Philpott, the CIPD's chief economist.
The CIPD releases a quarterly Labour Market Outlook survey with KPMG, containing the latest unemployment figures and trends.
Branches.
CIPD branches are run by volunteers who work to provide learning and networking opportunities, events, information services, and membership and upgrading help for their members. There are 48 geographical branches in the UK and Ireland.
International Activities.
The CIPD runs a training programme for international HR practitioners and has links with European and World Federations of HR. The CIPD hosted the 2008 WFPMA World HR Congress. 
Based in Dublin, CIPD Ireland has over 6,000 members spread across 7 regional branches.
Digital services.
The CIPD website provides podcasts, an RSS news feed, blogs and a professional discussion forum.
Commercial services.
CIPD Enterprises Limited is the wholly owned subsidiary of the CIPD. Commercial services supplied by CIPD Enterprises include:

</doc>
<doc id="18538030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538030" title="Les Ballets Malien">
Les Ballets Malien

Founded the day before the independence of Mali on September 22, 1960, the ensemble folkloric of Mali by 1978 had evolved into an artistic group specializing traditional Malian dance, Les Ballets maliens, but open to the innovations of contemporary dance and choreography.
Instruments.
All the instruments of malian traditional music are employed by les ballets : Djembé, Dundun, Balafon, N’Goni, Tamani, M'Polon, Buru, Yabara, Karignan, Daro (bell)

</doc>
<doc id="18538035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538035" title="The Ghost Watcher">
The Ghost Watcher

Dark Shadows: The Ghost Watcher is a Big Finish Productions original dramatic reading based on the long-running American horror soap opera series "Dark Shadows". 
Plot.
Maggie Evans has recovered from her ordeals and is ready to build a new life for herself, but then she meets the mysterious Ghost Watcher...

</doc>
<doc id="18538038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538038" title="Allan Evans (record producer)">
Allan Evans (record producer)

Allan Evans (born 1956 in Hollywood, California) is an American musicologist and record producer.
In 1996, Evans founded the Arbiter Recording Company, which was in 2002 reformed as a non-commercial organization Arbiter of Cultural Traditions, Inc. By 2012, he had produced over 200 recordings about forgotten artists. Evans teaches at Mannes College, The New School for Music, New York, and is co-director of the Scuola Italiana del Greenwich Village. He is author of the book "Ignaz Friedman. Romantic Master Pianist", and editor of the book "Moriz Rosenthal in Word and Music: a Legacy of the Nineteenth Century". Evans also co-authored "La Cucina Picena" with wife Beatrice Muzi.

</doc>
<doc id="18538040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538040" title="Lasat Communications">
Lasat Communications

Lasat Communications A/S was a Danish electronics company that specialised in communications equipment and networking apparatus. They partnered with Olicom, but in 1999 the company divested its interests in Lasat amidst falling profits. The company filed for bankruptcy in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="18538053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538053" title="Dolichopus">
Dolichopus

Dolichopus is a large cosmopolitan genus of fly in family Dolichopodidae. Adults are small flies, typically less than 8 mm in length. Nearly all species are metallic greenish-blue to greenish-bronze. It is the largest genus of Dolichopodidae with more than 600 species worldwide.

</doc>
<doc id="18538057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538057" title="Fedrigoni">
Fedrigoni

Fedrigoni is a large manufacturer of paper in Italy which owns 5 paper mills in Verona, Arco di Trento, Riva del Garda, Fabriano and Pioraco with a total capacity of 350,000 tonnes/year.

</doc>
<doc id="18538058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538058" title="Joël Pelier">
Joël Pelier

Joël Pelier (Valentigney, 23 March 1962) is a French former professional road bicycle racer.
After the final climb of stage 17 in the 1986 Tour de France, Pelier collapsed from exhaustion and fell into a 7-hour coma.
In the 1989 Tour de France, then 27 year old French domestique Joel Pelier had never been watched in his pro career by his parents who were dedicated to caring for Pelier's severely disabled sibling who needed constant attention. Pelier's parents made arrangements to watch stage 6 from near the finish line to which Pelier responded with an attempted lone breakaway. Pelier held out to win the stage by 1 minute and 34 seconds. He rode on his own for 4 and a 1/2 hours through wind and rain for 102 of the stage's 161 miles. It was the then second longest breakway in Tour de France history after Albert Bourlon in 1947 and since surpassed by Thierry Marie. On the podium for the day's presentations a tear drenched Pelier was seen on television saying, "Mon per, mon per". "This win is so special to me because today is the first time that my mother and father have seen me in the Tour de France,’ said Pelier.

</doc>
<doc id="18538073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538073" title="Caroline Pearce">
Caroline Pearce

Caroline Pearce (born 1 September 1981) is an English athlete, sports model and is the presenter for BT Sport's "UFC: Beyond The Octagon". She also competed in Sky One's version of "Gladiators".
Biography.
Pearce competed for England in the World Pentathlon Championships at the age of 15. She had competed as a professional heptathlete in the 2004 European Heptathlon Finals. Pearce has also represented Great Britain as a bobsleigher in the 2005 World Bobsleigh Championships.
In 2008, Pearce was chosen to compete as a gladiator in Sky One's relaunch of the TV series "Gladiators" under the gladiator name "Ice", but she left the show after the first season.
In 2010, Pearce was the competitor interviewer in the programme "The World's Strongest Man 2010", filmed at Wembley Arena, in London and shown on Challenge TV.
Pearce has earned a first class honours degree in Sports Science and a masters degree in Physiology and Nutrition from Loughborough University. She has modelled in advertisements for Nike, Reebok, Adidas, Ron Hill and Fitness-Mad. She has also modelled for photographer Michael Palmer. Following her departure from "Gladiators", she did a photoshoot for "Fight Factory" magazine.
Pearce also appeared on "The Friday Night Project" as the "Coat of Cash wearing Celebrity".
From August 2013 Caroline is the presenter of BT Sports weekly magazine show, "UFC: Beyond The Octagon", along with journalist Gareth A Davies, with special guests from the world of UFC, the show brings reviews and news from everything UFC with pre- and post-fight events with reviews and analysis of the fights, and also with special features, exclusive interviews with UFC fighters and personnel.

</doc>
<doc id="18538079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538079" title="Georges Meekers">
Georges Meekers

Georges J. M. Meekers (born 1965 in Sint-Truiden, Belgium) is a wine writer and educator.
His writing career began in the 1990s, when he wrote a wine column for "Malta Today". He continues to contribute to "The Times" of Malta and several international wine trade magazines, such as Harpers Magazine, with vintage reports on Malta and other upcoming wine regions. He is also the author of the first reference book on the Maltese wine industry.
Outside Malta, Meekers is perhaps best known for his role as founder of the Wine Campus; he is also head of sales at Emmanuel Delicata Winemaker, and is a member of the Circle of Wine Writers.
Awards.
His publication 'Wines of Malta – the essential guide' was awarded 'Best Wine Guide' at the Gourmand World Cookbook Award in London, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18538111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538111" title="Duke of Barcelos">
Duke of Barcelos

The Dukes of Barcelos was an Nobility title granted by King Sebastian of Portugal on 5 August 1562 to be the title of the heir of the Duke of Braganza. After the Braganza assencion to the throne, the title was continued as the title of the heir of the Duke of Braganza, alongside the title of Prince of Beira.
This title (originally Count of Barcelos) belonged to the Braganzas since Alphonse, 8th Count of Barcelos and 1st Duke of Braganza.
The first Duke of Barcelos was John I, eldest son of Teodósio I, 5th Duque of Braganza, who become later John I, 6th Duke of Braganza.
List of the Dukes of Barcelos.
After the Braganzas ascended to the Portuguese throne, the title of Duke of Barcelos was among those used by the Portuguese Prince of Beira.
Bibliography.
"Nobreza de Portugal e Brazil" – Vol II, page 401. Published by Zairol Lda., Lisbon 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="18538126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538126" title="Payment Services Directive">
Payment Services Directive

The Payment Services Directive (PSD, 2007/64/EC) is a regulatory initiative from the European Commission (Directorate General Internal Market) which will regulate payment services and payment service providers (as defined in the Directive) throughout the European Union (EU) and European Economic Area (EEA).
The purpose is to increase pan-European competition and participation in the payments industry (also from non-banks), as well as to provide for a level playing field by harmonising consumer protection and the rights/obligations for payment providers and users. 
The final adopted text of the Directive (2007/64/EC) was officially published on 5 December 2007, to be transposed into national legislation by all EU (and EEA) Member States by 1 November 2009 at the latest. Although the PSD is a maximum harmonisation Directive, certain elements still allow for different options/choices by individual countries.
Overview.
From the EC document: What it Means for Consumers
EU-wide rules to increase your rights; Faster payments (From 1 January 2012, payment must be no later than next day); Refund rights; Clearer information on payments.
Technical Overview
Whereas SEPA (Single Euro Payments Area) is a self-regulatory initiative by the banking sector of Europe (represented in the European Payments Council – EPC ) which defines the harmonisation of payment products, infrastructures and technical standards (Rulebooks for Credit Transfer/Direct Debit, BIC, IBAN, ISO 20022 XML message format, EMV chip cards/terminals), the PSD is driven by regulators and provides for the necessary legal framework within which all payment service providers will operate.
The PSD contains two main sections: the market rules for payment service providers and the business conduct rules.
The market rules defined in the PSD describes which type of organisations can provide payment services. Next to credit institutions (i.e. banks) and certain authorities (e.g. Central Banks, government bodies), the PSD mentions Electronic Money Institutions (EMIs), created by the E-Money Directive (EMD) in 2000, and also creates the new category of Payment Institutions with its own prudential regime rules. Organisations that are not credit institutions or EMIs, can apply for an authorisation as a PI (certain capital and risk management requirements apply) in any EU country of their choice (where they are established) and then passport their payment services into other Member States across the EU without additional PI authorisation requirements.
The business conduct rules specify the requirements around transparency of information to be provided by payment service providers to payment users, including any charges, exchange rates, transaction references and maximum execution time. It also stipulates the rights and obligations for both payment service providers and users, including how to authorise and execute transactions, liability in case of unauthorised use of payment instruments, refunds on payments, revoking payment orders, maximum execution time and value dating of payments.
Each country must designate a Competent Authority to provide prudential supervision of the PIs and to monitor compliance with the business conduct rules, as transposed into national legislation.

</doc>
<doc id="18538129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538129" title="Sha'ar HaAmakim">
Sha'ar HaAmakim

Sha'ar HaAmakim (, "lit." Gate of the Valleys) is a kibbutz in northern Israel. Located near Kiryat Tiv'on, it falls under the jurisdiction of Zevulun Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 548.
The village was founded in 1935 by immigrants from Romania and Yugoslavia. Its name is derived from the nearby confluence of the Jezreel and Zevulun Valley's. 
Most of the kibbutz members work in the "Chromogen" solar water heater factory, whilst the remainder work in agriculture.

</doc>
<doc id="18538136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538136" title="Integral nonlinearity">
Integral nonlinearity

Integral nonlinearity (acronym INL) is a term describing the maximum deviation between the ideal output of a DAC and the actual output level (after offset and gain errors have been removed). The term is often used as an important specification for measuring error in a digital-to-analog converter (DAC).
The transfer function of a DAC should ideally be a line and the INL measurement depends on the ideal line selected. Two often used lines are the best fit line, which is the line that minimizes the INL result and the endpoint line which is a line that passes through the points on the transfer function corresponding to the lowest and highest input code. In all cases, the INL is the maximum distance between the ideal line selected and the actual transfer function.
Formula.
For the line through the endpoints, the INL of a DAC is
where
is the slope of the line through the end points, and
is the output voltage at code "c". This assumes that the minimum code is 0. This INL is measured in volts; one can divide it by the ideal LSB voltage to get the measurement in LSBs..

</doc>
<doc id="18538143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538143" title="Sigma-Tau">
Sigma-Tau

Sigma-Tau Industrie Farmaceutiche Riunite, referred to as Sigma-Tau, emerges in 1957 from the entrepreneurial initiative of research chemist Claudio Cavazza. During a period in which multinational companies were consolidating their hegemony in the pharmaceutical sector, Claudio Cavazza conceived the idea of an industrial structure in Italy, capable of permanently competing in terms of production while at the same time bringing innovation to the field of research and pharmaceutical experimentation.
Construction began in 1964 of an industrial facility in Pomezia equipped with state-of-the-art automatic production machinery to provide steady employment for 64 people. The choice of Pomezia for its headquarters created one of the first industrialization and urban development initiatives in an area of Central-southern Italy that had previously been mainly devoted to agriculture. With the creation and launch of the Rekord B12 vitamin complex in September 1966 – an antiasthenic medicine that soon spread within the field of restorative infantile therapies – Sigma-Tau definitively asserted itself as a pharmaceutical manufacturer in Italy and abroad.
From the 1970s to today.
From the 1970s onwards, Sigma-Tau focused on experimenting with new medicines for rare diseases – a commitment that in 1984 would cause it to become the fourth largest pharmaceutical company in the world and assignee in the United States of an Orphan Drug Designation, subsequently receiving another seven. 
With the discovery in the 1970s of carnitine deficiency syndrome, an illness with a fatal outcome, Sigma-Tau focused the investigative efforts of its laboratories on research into a molecule capable of opposing the disease. This was to bring about the creation of L-carnitine, one of the few Italian pharmaceutical products widely received outside Italy, and which was recognized by the United States in 1984 for its value as a life saving medicine. The chemical and biologic pharmacology study of carnitine, a substance of natural origin, enabled greater understanding of its efficacy in correcting the biochemical and metabolic defects at the base of numerous other pathologies.
Fondazione Sigma-Tau was created in 1986 as a charitable organization with the aim of developing research, promoting scientific and cultural progress and the safeguarding of the results of scientific investigation.
Structure of Sigma-Tau group.
Sigma-Tau is the main element of a group in which other companies operate, in accordance with the prospects of the corporate development plan.
In 2012, Sigma-Tau group achieved a turnover of 688 million euros, with 2,086 employees and a portfolio of about 100 products marketed in Italy and abroad. Since 1998 it has registered around 300 patents, confirming its status as one of the largest Italian firms with a wholly Italian-owned capital, and a major player in the registration of new molecules and important technological innovations.
Sigma-Tau group is present worldwide with branches in France, Switzerland, the Netherlands, Belgium, Portugal, Germany, United Kingdom and India, as well as manufacturing plants in the United States and Spain.
Sigma-Tau’s future lies in the ability to expand its presence in the international scene, mainly through the activation of research collaborations with numerous scientific institutions in America, Europe and Asia.
This is the background that in January 2010 brought Sigma-Tau group to acquire the pharmaceutical manufacturing arm of American company Enzon, and more precisely four products for the cure of rare diseases within the field of oncology and the production plant of Indianapolis in Indiana. This was directly taken over by the Sigma-Tau Pharmaceuticals Inc. American branch, with its headquarters at Gaithersburg in Maryland, which is responsible for marketing products acquired on the American market. 
With continuing commitment, Sigma-Tau became the fourth assignee in the world to obtain an Orphan Drug Designation in the United States in 1984, followed by a further seven. Five new designations have subsequently been requested from the European authorities.
The sigma-tau Group has invested, and continues to invest, a significant part of its revenue into research and development in order to identify innovative therapies to offer treatment also to people affected by rare diseases and/or diseases having a high clinical or social impact. 
With 290 applications filed from 1998 to 2012. Out of approximately 20 R&D projects in the pipeline are currently focused on the following therapeutic areas: Rare and Neglected Diseases, Oncology, Immuno-oncology, and Biotechnology.
Sigma-Tau in collaboration with the non-profit organization Medicines for Malaria Venture (MMV) has developed a new medicine for the treatment of malaria a fixed combination consisting of dihydroartemisinin and piperaquine, judged to be one of the most effective antimalaria medicines available and the best combination containing artemisinin. The registration dossier was presented on July 3, 2009 in Europe (EMEA)and approved in 2011. The new drug has obtained the registration in Cambodia, Ghana and Tanzania and is started in Burkina Faso, Mozambique and other key African endemic countries.
Founded in 1982 and active both in the pharmaceutical market and that of consumer products sold in pharmacies. Avantgarde has developed its business within the dermatological, gynaecological and paediatric sectors; for consumer products the focus is geared to dermocosmetic sector and to oral hygiene with OTC products.
Established in 1979 as part of Sigma-Tau group, Biosint is the global leader in the production of L-carnitine obtained by chemical synthesis. Since 1995 its production process is the only to have been awarded approval fby U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA), having obtained certification for its DASA-ZERT quality system.
Biofutura was founded in 2001 with the objective of developing pharmaceutical products in the cure of diseases of the central nervous system and respiratory system. Activity also spread to the development and marketing of products derived from the carnitine biological system.
Responsible for the research and development of substances active on important areas of treatment including oncology and immunology and on diseases that are rare, neglected and with high social impact.
Aimed at the study of innovative approaches to therapy for the treatment of important diseases of the cardiovascular system including hypertension and cardiac insufficiency.
A biotechnological research company in the pharmaceutical field authorized to produce monoclonal antibodies and recombinant proteins for use in clinical trials.
Responsible for the clinical development of Sigma-Tau products in the United States.
A recently established research centre that co-ordinates research and development activity relating to selected products and provides clinical development and chemical analytical expertise.
Over the years Sigma-Tau has formed collaborations both with humanitarian organizations with activities abroad and firms working in Italy, helping to achieve important projects. Furthermore, in response to needs arising from conflict and post-conflict crises and the aftermath of natural disasters, Sigma-Tau provides international co-operation organizations with medicines destined for developing countries. 
In 1986 the board of Sigma-Tau created a foundation with the aim of promoting and disseminating scientific culture and safeguarding the results of research.
Social and environmental responsibilities.
In virtue of the particular nature and social importance of the industrial sector in which it operates, Sigma-Tau considers it fundamentally important to act in absolute respect of ethical principles and existing legislation, and make every effort to reach the highest quality standards. To this end, in 2002 Sigma-Tau adopted a Code of Ethics that clearly defines the behavioural rules and ethical principles that must be adhered to by everyone – employees, consultants, suppliers, clients and stakeholders alike. 
Open-ended contracts are offered to 99% of employees, in testimony to the policy operated by the company to create stable and lasting relations with its workforce. This aspect is also reflected in the period of employment of staff, which averages around 17 years, highlighting the bond of loyalty and trust formed between the company and its staff. 
In 1967 Sigma-Tau became equipped with a water conditioning plant. Since 2005, the commitment to reduce impact on the environment in the elimination of solvents in aid of water in many preparations has produced continuing reduction in CO2 emissions that have fallen from 5,932 tons to 5,587 in 2007. Since 2007, Sigma-Tau has begun waste sorting and choosing eco-compatible materials. In the same year, in which Sigma-Tau’s environmental costs amounted to around 600,000 euros, a reduction of 8% in the quantity of industrial wastewater was confirmed.
Humanitarian commitment.
Over the years, Sigma-Tau has developed numerous partnerships, formed with associations and bodies engaged – at national and international level – in projects and activities with a social emphasis, with particular focus on the areas of health and social welfare. The company also provides its medicines free-of-charge to around 40 national and international organizations operating in conflict and post-conflict contexts to support those people stricken by natural disasters and famine. 
At international level, Sigma-Tau:
At national level:
Name.
Sigma and Tau are the two stars that flank Antares at the centre of the Scorpius constellation. Arabs considered the red Antares the heart of the constellation and therefore regarded the bright stars positioned beside it – Sigma Scorpii and Tau Scorpii – as the arteries leading away from the heart, as indicated by the term that describes them both (Al Niyat, meaning the arteries).

</doc>
<doc id="18538172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538172" title="Celtic F.C. and World War I">
Celtic F.C. and World War I

Many Celtic Football Club players fought in World War I. Seven former Celtic players died.
Background.
In the early 20th Century Celtic F.C. was already a successful club having won 10 Scottish League Championships and 8 Scottish Cups in their 26 year history (by 1914). Celtic also won trophies during the war (four Scottish League Championship and one Scottish Cup), however of the 908,371 British and Commonwealth soldiers who died in the fighting, seven were former Celtic players. They were Patrick Slavin, Leigh Richmond Roose, Donnie McLeod, Archie McMillan, Robert Craig, John McLaughlin and Peter Johnstone. Roose and Slavin died in the Battle of the Somme (1916), four others died in 1917 and Craig died in 1918.
The men who died.
Leigh Roose.
Roose was a Welsh goalkeeper who played a trial match for Celtic in 1910. He had 24 caps for Wales and a Doctorate in Bacteriology before he joined the 9th Royal Fusiliers in 1914. He rose to the rank of Lance Corporal and was awarded the Military Medal before his death on 7 October 1916 between the hours of 1.45pm and 9.00pm in the Battle for Montauban. His regiment was sent to attack the enemy line and it is believed that he died as a result of heavy machine gun fire and shelling when his regiment came under attack (he is recorded as missing on the Thiepval Memorial). On that day it is recorded 25 died, 165 missing and 132 wounded.
Patrick Slavin.
Slavin was the second former player to die. He rose to the rank of Sergeant and was with the 2nd Battalion Royal Scots and died November 13, 1916 in the 2nd Battle for the village of Serre. The day he died it was reported that there was thick fog by 5am and that the enemy's barbed wire was not cut, he is reported to been shot dead after "going over the top", that day 23 died, 84 missing and 177 wounded.
John McLaughlin.
McLaughlin's records are scant which is an indication that he may never have made a first team appearance for Celtic. However, it is known that he played for Mossend Hibs and Renton. He held the rank of private and was in the 11th Battalion of the Highland Light Infantry. He was injured on 23 April 1917 when his battalion came under fire at the Battle of Calvary Farm at Monchy Le Preux which is north of Arras. He did not survive his wounds and died on 10 May 1917.
Peter Johnstone.
Johnstone was the only contracted Celtic player to give his life in the war - a pre-war club legend who had played for Celtic 223 times and was one of the players who won the league 6 times in a row under Willie Maley. Peter joined the 6th Battalion of the Seaforth Highlanders. He died on the 16/05/1917, when his regiment were told to capture a chemical factory as part of the Battle of Arras. In the 2 day battle it was reported 43 died, 26 missing and 51 wounded, although he among the missing, rumours of his death were spread around Glasgow which were confirmed on 06/06/1917. His name is engraved on the Arras Memorial.
Archie McMillan.
McMillan was an outside left who made his debut against Rangers in 1913. He held the rank of Private and was in the 1st/7th Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders. From 21 to 23 November 1917, his regiment was involved in heavy fighting in the Battle of Cambrai. Their orders were to capture the village of Fontaine-Notre-Dame, Aisne and although they were successful he was shot dead and was among the 9 dead, 22 missing and 128 wounded. He is buried in a British war cemetery in Manancourt.
Donald McLeod.
Donnie McLeod was a full back who played 155 times for Celtic between 1902 and 1908, when he left the club. He was a gunner in the 466th Battery of the 65th Royal Field Artillery. It is known that he died of his injuries on 6 October 1917 the cause of them is unknown. However it is most certain that he died in Belgium and was involved (or died) in the Battle of Passchendaele.
McLeod is buried in Dozingham Military Cemetery, Westvleteren,Belgium,Plot 5,Row G,Grave 7.
Robert Craig.
Robert Craig left Celtic in 1909, having spent three seasons at the club and was the final former Celtic player to die in the war. He was a full-back and played 13 times for the club. He was a private in the 5th Battalion of the South Wales Borderers and died on 19/04/1918. He died of his wounds from 11/04/1918 when the enemy re-captured the town of Mesen in Belgium. He is buried in Boulogne Eastern Cemetery,Plot 9,Row A,Grave 3.
William Angus VC.
In 1914 William Angus was captain of Wishaw Thistle. Details of his time at Celtic remain uncertain, but he was contracted to the club for a short spell before the war, making a couple of appearances for the reserve team. He left the club at some point in season 1913/14 and returned to his primary occupation as a miner in Carluke. He was also a Territorial soldier in the local battalion of the Highland Light Infantry. In 1914 his unit was mobilized and his entire company was sent as a reinforcement draft to the 8th Royal Scots. He crossed to France later that year and in June 1915, near Givenchy, he was awarded the Victoria Cross for bravery and valour in rescuing Lt James Martin who had fallen wounded a few feet from the German line. Angus was wounded 40 times in the process and lost an eye. When he came home to Scotland he was given a hero's welcome and was always a guest of honour in major football matches. He also became the president of Carluke Rovers F.C. and held that position until his death.
Charity.
Despite not being actively involved in the conflict, the people at home made valuable contributions to the war effort. In 1918 Celtic won the Navy and Army War Fund Shield, a friendly tournament that Celtic and a few other teams agreed to take part as a fundraising event to give money to footballers and their families who fought in the war.

</doc>
<doc id="18538173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538173" title="National Badema">
National Badema

Former members of the orchestra "les Maravillas du Mali", took on the name Badema National in 1976. From the lush savannah in the south to the all-encompassing desert of the north, the Badema National's repertoire spans the diversity of Malian music. The orchestra's purpose is the revitalization of Malian musical heritage by the training, the supervision, and the production of albums for needy up and coming musicians.
Instruments.
The Badema employs traditional Malian instruments within the modern context. Even though its base lies with traditional rock instruments such as keyboards, guitars, and drums, the following instruments are employed by the Badema:

</doc>
<doc id="18538175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538175" title="1953–54 Northern Rugby Football League season">
1953–54 Northern Rugby Football League season

The 1953–54 Rugby Football League season was the 59th season of rugby league football played in England. The championship, which involved thirty teams, started in August, 1953 and culminated in a finals play-off series in April, 1954 which resulted in a championship final between Warrington and Halifax. The season was also punctuated by the 1954 Rugby League World Cup, the first ever, and is also notable for its Challenge Cup final, which was drawn and had to be re-played, attracting a world record crowd for a rugby football match of either code.
Season summary.
The 1953-54 season saw Brian Bevan become the highest try scorer in rugby league history when he passed the 446 tries mark set by Alf Ellaby.
Warrington won the Lancashire League, and Halifax won the Yorkshire League. St.Helens beat Wigan 16–8 to win the Lancashire Cup, and Bradford Northern beat Hull 7–2 to win the Yorkshire Cup.
Championship.
Play-offs.
Final.
The Championship Final was played between Warrington and Halifax on 8 May (three days after the epic Challenge Cup re-play) at Maine Road before a crowd of 36,519. The match was televised by the BBC and it was a tremendous defensive effort that helped Warrington to a narrow 8-7 win, with Bath kicking 4 goals.
Challenge Cup.
Halifax and Warrington, the teams that finished first and second respectively on the Championship ladder (separated by only one competition point), reached the Challenge Cup final in 1954. It was played at Wembley and 81,841 spectators saw what turned out to be a lacklustre match. After a couple of penalties, Halifax led 4-0 at half time, then in the second half Warrington drew level, also kicking two penalties. The final score was 4 - 4 and it remains the only time Wembley hasn't seen a single try on Cup Final day. The re-play was scheduled for 5pm the following Wednesday, 5 May at Odsal Stadium, Bradford.
Around 70,000 spectators were expected at Odsal for the replay which was re-scheduled for a 7pm kick-off to avoid the rush hour traffic. The twenty trains and fifty buses, specially scheduled for the match, as well as the 100 gatesmen and 150 policemen at the ground were therefore believed to be adequate. However the closeness with which the two teams were matched and the prospect of the Challenge Cup decider coming north for the first time in a decade seem to have generated immense interest. 
People had started queuing a good hour before the shuttle buses started running from 4:25pm. The gates opened at 5.00pm, and by that time some people had already been queuing for an hour and a half. At an hour before kick off there were already an estimated 60,000 in the ground. The traffic on the roads in the surrounding area was at a standstill as more and more spectators converged on the stadium. Some squatted around the pitch, while others climbed onto rooftops for a better view. Fences around the ground had collapsed, as more people struggled to cram into the bowl of Odsal before kick-off. The official figure for the crowd at the match was 102,575, easily the biggest number to see a rugby football match of either code. However it is widely believed that the real figure for spectators present is closer to 120,000.
The match itself was another low-scoring struggle, but an improvement on the last one. Jim Challinor opened the scoring with a try for Warrington after nine minutes. Half an hour later, Tyssul Griffiths kicked a penalty for the Halifax side, who had also had two tries disallowed. This meant a half time score of 3 - 2 in favour of Warrington. The third quarter of the match saw additional goals kicked by both Griffiths and Harry Bath, bringing the score to 5 - 4, still just one point in favour of Warrington. Then Gerry Helme scored a try, which Bath couldn't convert, putting Warrington four points clear of Halifax, but still within a converted try. Controversy reared just before full time, when Halifax had a third try disallowed by referee Ron Gelder. Warrington had claimed their 4th Challenge Cup, with Helme winning the Lance Todd Trophy for his match-winning performance, the first player to do so twice.

</doc>
<doc id="18538183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538183" title="Big Ain't Bad">
Big Ain't Bad

"Big Ain't Bad" is a romantic comedy film, directed by Ray Culpepper and written by Brian Poe (aka Drayton Jamison). It stars Sean Blakemore (2012 Daytime Emmy Nominee for his role on ABC-TV's General Hospital), Jade Jenise Dixon, Reginald Ballard, Tico Wells, and Troy Medley. The film won the Audience Choice Award at the 2003 Hollywood Black Film Festival in Los Angeles, California. It was the Kick Off Film to the Fox Theater's 75th Anniversary Summer Film Series in Atlanta in 2004. It played in limited release in movie theaters, and was released to DVD (First Look) in 2005.
Plot.
"Big Ain't Bad" is a romantic comedy that redefines the measure of love. Ric (Blakemore) and Natalie (Dixon) are a happy young couple headed towards marriage after a brief courtship. However, when Natalie makes an early return home from a business trip and finds her trusted mate in the company of last night's entertainment, the relationship abruptly ends leaving them to travel separate roads to self-discovery.

</doc>
<doc id="18538188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538188" title="List of Kerala Olympians">
List of Kerala Olympians

This is a list of Keralites who have represented India in the Olympic Games.
List of Kerala Olympians.
Manuel Frederiks|Hockey|1972-Munich is the only person from Kerala to win a medal in the olympics

</doc>
<doc id="18538189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538189" title="Ince &amp; Co.">
Ince &amp; Co.

Ince & Co is an international commercial law firm.
The marine department is one of the firm’s largest in terms of numbers.
Ince & Co ranks in the 'upper levels' of maritime law within both the UK and globally; together with Holman Fenwick and Willan and Clyde & Co, Ince & Co form the triumvirate of top City shipping firms.
While shipping and trade representing two of its mainstay practices, the firm casts a wide net and also serves clients in energy and offshore, insurance, business and finance, commercial disputes and aviation.
Ince & Co provides advice to a wide range of businesses, ranging from international corporations to smaller companies, sole traders and individuals.
Offices.
In 1979 the firm cut the ribbon on its first international office in Hong Kong. Singapore followed (1991) followed by offices in Piraeus (1993), Shanghai (2000), Hamburg (2001), Le Havre & Paris (2002), Dubai (2006), Monaco (2011) and most recently Beijing (2012).
History.
Maritime is very deeply ingrained within Ince & Co, as even before founding the firm in 1870, Francis Ince was working as a shipping lawyer. The firm expanded from its Victorian roots by employing either family members or those who could provide significant capital. But in 1940 the firm broke with tradition and began hiring new young partners to help expand the business. In keeping with the progressive ethos of the ‘60s, the firm opened its doors to foreign lawyers for the first time.
Structure.
Ince & Co’s structure is a little different from its peers’ with the firm divided by sectors rather than splitting the lawyers into practice areas. In practice, this means any lawyer can be called upon to serve in any area.
Ince & Co’s shipping practice handles every aspect of maritime law, including collisions, salvage, charter party, carriage of goods, ship finance, work-out, pollution and most prominently in recent years piracy acting on some of the high-profile piracy cases in Somalia, the Niger Delta and the Malacca Straits.
The firm’s second cornerstone practice is insurance and reinsurance, which has built a strong reputation. The client base encompasses all manner of insurance buyers, as well as many of the most discriminating insurance and reinsurance companies and Lloyd’s syndicates.
Ince & Co's further five practice areas: aviation, business and finance, commercial disputes, energy and offshore, and international trade. In the aviation legal sector, Ince & Co client base includes airlines, operators, regulators, manufacturers, airports and their trade bodies, insurers, reinsurers and insurance trade associations.
The dispute resolution practice is one of the largest in London. It handles a wide range of domestic and international disputes.
In energy, Ince & Co’s lawyers have been providing contract drafting and negotiating, asset and project finance, insurance, and dispute resolution for many years. The firm has expertise in various areas, including construction and operation of pipelines, offshore structures.
Clients.
Clients include major names such as Ace Aviation, Gard Services, Nordisk, Transocean and Vitol.

</doc>
<doc id="18538215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538215" title="Gatenby (name)">
Gatenby (name)

Gatenby is a British surname, which originated in Gatenby, North Yorkshire, England.
Its notables include:

</doc>
<doc id="18538225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538225" title="Ross Hay">
Ross Hay

Ross Hay is a New Zealand rugby union player currently playing for the Heartland Championship team North Otago.

</doc>
<doc id="18538235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538235" title="31st Infantry Battalion (Estonia)">
31st Infantry Battalion (Estonia)

31st infantry battalion is an Estonian Ground Force rapid reaction unit, which is based on the army reservists. The unit is in active readiness from 1 August 2008 until 31 July 2009.
This unit is formed on the basis of conscripts whose conscription lasted from July 2007 until May 2008. Members of it shall provide the Defence Resource Board with their address, place of work, phone number and e-mail and inform the latter of any changes of these data.
After one year it will be changed by other unit.

</doc>
<doc id="18538259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538259" title="Kfar Bialik">
Kfar Bialik

Kfar Bialik (, lit. "Bialik Village") is a moshav in northern Israel. Located near Kiryat Bialik, it falls under the jurisdiction of Zevulun Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 786.
The village was founded in 1934 on land owned by the Jewish National Fund by immigrants from Germany. It was named after Hayyim Nahman Bialik, who died the month before the moshav's establishment.

</doc>
<doc id="18538275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538275" title="List of Brazilian entrepreneurs">
List of Brazilian entrepreneurs

This is a list of Brazilian entrepreneurs, businesspeople of Brazilian nationality or with Brazilian citizenship.

</doc>
<doc id="18538277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538277" title="Taddeo Barberini">
Taddeo Barberini

Taddeo Barberini (1603–1647) was an Italian nobleman of the House of Barberini who became Prince of Palestrina and Gonfalonier of the Church; commander of the Papal Army. He was a nephew of Pope Urban VIII and brother of Cardinals Francesco Barberini and Antonio Barberini. Thanks to their uncle's famous nepotism, the brothers shaped 17th-century Italian politics, religion, art, music and architecture.
Biography.
Barberini was born in 1603, the son of Carlo Barberini and Costanza Magalotti. He was the nephew of brothers cardinal Maffeo Barberini (later Pope Urban VIII) and Antonio Marcello Barberini (later also Cardinal) and of Lorenzo Magalotti. He was the brother of Francesco Barberini and Antonio Barberini, both of whom became Cardinals when their uncle became pope. Like his brothers, Taddeo was educated at the "Collegio Romano".
Pontificate of Pope Urban VIII.
In 1623, Maffeo Barberini was elected as Pope Urban VIII and Taddeo Barberini's fortunes improved considerably. Pope Urban's nepotism became legendary and later 17th century popes vowed to be different (though several were not). Almost immediately, Barberini was appointed Gonfalonier of the Church; "Commander of the Papal Army", though during later conflicts his brother Cardinal Antonio Barberini also commanded papal and mercenary troops in the field.
In 1624, Taddeo took control of the Duchy of Urbino, relinquished to Urban VIII after the death of Federico Ubaldo. When Francesco Maria died in 1631, the duchy was transferred to the Papal States.
On 14 October 1627 Barberini married Anna Colonna, daughter of Filippo I Colonna, at a lavish service presided over by the pope himself at the Castel Gandolfo. The agreement drawn up by Cardinal Fabrizio Verospi between the Barberini and Colonna stipulated a dowry worth some 180,000 scudi which included cash and credit as well as a Colonna castle in Anticoli. It is thought the transfer of the Palestrina comune between the two families was tied to the agreement; part of Anna Colonna's dowry. Upon transfer, the commune became a fief of the Barberini which allowed the family to appoint one of its number as "Prince of Palestrina", a title which was passed from one Barberini patriarch to another while the comune remained among family possessions. Taddeo's son Carlo Barberini later renounced his right to inherit his father's titles (as he would have done as eldest son) to become a Cardinal. Taddeo's hereditary titles therefore passed to his second son, Maffeo.
As Prince of Palestrina, Taddeo worked to improve local buildings and establish new services, even if many of them were primarily self-serving. He rebuilt the Palazzo Barberini (which still houses the Nile mosaic of Palestrina) and his son Maffeo later commissioned a new church nearby. Taddeo even built a small private casino which operated for a few years during his administration but closed when future "Princes" had not interest in gambling.
Pope Urban further honoured his nephew in 1631 by appointing him Governor of the Borgo, Commander of Sant'Angelo and Prefect of Rome. Taddeo's investiture as Prefect was celebrated with much pomp and extravagance.
It is estimated that by 1632, Taddeo's property was worth as much as 4 million scudi and that over the course of Urban VIII's 21-year reign, Taddeo amassed 42 million scudi in personal wealth. By 1635, income from Taddeo's property was estimated at 100,000 scudi per year.
First War of Castro.
In 1639 Odoardo Farnese, Duke of Parma and Piacenza, came to Rome and during his visit managed to insult Taddeo's cardinal brothers. Pope Urban responded by banning grain shipments from Farnese controlled areas. When the Farnese were then unable to pay their debts the Pope sent debt collectors. Finally the Pope troops to occupy Castro. The Pope's forces were led by Antonio Barberini, his mercenary field commander Luigi Mattei and by Fabrizio Savelli. When Savelli proved to be an unenthusiastic commander, he was returned to Rome and Taddeo Barberini was appointed in his place.
Castro fell without significant resistance and the victory was celebrated in song by Barberini family composer, Marco Marazzoli. But the victory was short lived and thereafter papal troops suffered a series of decisive losses. Pope Urban was forced to accept defeat and signed a peace treaty with the Farnese Dukes in an attempt to prevent them from marching on Rome itself.
Exile and death.
In 1644, Taddeo's uncle Pope Urban VIII died and the College of Cardinals elected Pope Innocent X of the Pamphili family. At the Papal conclave of 1644, Taddeo's cardinal brothers engineered a deal to ensure the safety of their family's fortunes. But the new Pope refused to honour the deal and launched an investigation into alleged financial abuses during the First War of Castro. Taddeo Barberini and his brothers were forced into exile and fled to Paris in 1646 where they were supported by Cardinal Jules Mazarin. Taddeo's wife Anna Colonna appealed to Pope Innocent urging him to allow the Barberini to keep their property. Innocent agreed but the Barberini remained in exile for several more years.
Taddeo Barberini died in 1647 while in exile in France without ever seeing Rome again.
Issue.
Taddeo and Anna Colonna had five children:
Legacy.
The Barberini family was reconciled with the papacy, at least in part, through Taddeo's two sons, Carlo Barberini and Maffeo Barberini. Carlo was elevated to cardinal by Pope Innocent X and Maffeo married a grand-niece of Pope Innocent X, Olimpia Giustiniani, and in turn had a son who was elevated to cardinal, Francesco Barberini (Junior). Taddeo's daughter, Lucrezia Barberini, married Francesco I d'Este, Duke of Modena.
Barberini's secretary, Corinzio Benicampi, accompanied the young Carlo Maratta to Rome in 1636. The well-known Baroque artist later received one of his first commissions, 'The Glory of Saints', from Taddeo. The painting was finished in 1645, two years before Taddeo's death.

</doc>
<doc id="18538291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538291" title="Golf in Thailand">
Golf in Thailand

Golf arrived in Thailand during the reign of King Rama V one hundred years ago. It was first played by nobles and other elitists of high society but over the past decade or so, the popularity of golf in Thailand has escalated, played both by local Thais and visiting foreign tourists and expatriates.
Statistics.
There are an average of 400,000 foreign golfers coming to the Kingdom annually, golf in Thailand has turned into a huge local industry with new courses constantly being developed. Golf alone is annually bringing an income of 8 billion baht into the local economy. The country has been given the nickname 'The Golf Capital of Asia'.
Thailand has over two hundred courses which are rated as the highest world standard. Many of them have been designed and created by some of the classic names in the golfing world such as Nick Faldo, Arnold Palmer, Jack Nicklaus, Seve Ballesteros, Gary Player, and Greg Norman.
Thailand's golfers.
Thongchai Jaidee is the country's most successful golfers, winning a handful of major international tournaments. Other Thais who have had international success include Prayad Marksaeng, Boonchu Ruangkit, and Pornanong Phatlum.
Tournaments in Thailand.
There are several different types of golf presently played in Thailand, they are:
A Corporate Golf Tournament 
This kind of tournament is usually played while talking business, entertaining clients and meeting new contacts. The services available in Thailand include:
Pro-am Golf Tournament 
This type of tournament affords the opportunity for everyone regardless of how well they play to mingle with golfing superstars. It is very popular for company directors to take clients or prospective clients along to enhance a closer relationship.
Charity Golf Tournaments
This tournament is suitable for companies who wish to boost their company name with plenty of heavy advertisement; while, at the same time, financially assisting needy charities.
Golf Tour Management 
This is simply a golf tour with a golf tour management program. 
The Honda LPGA Thailand, the 30th tournament on the tour's annual roster, is just one of many international tournaments which have come to be played in Thailand. In 2006 the amount of prize money involved was $1.3US million.
Golfing destinations.
Bangkok & Central Region.
Just outside of Bangkok are a variety of world standard golf courses and facilities in the neighbouring provinces of Chachoengsao, Pathum Thani and Nakhon Pathom. The popular courses in this region that are chosen to host PGA tournaments are:
Other popular course in and around Bangkok include: 
Hua Hin.
Hua Hin is home to two well-known golf courses, the Black Mountain Golf Club and Royal Hua Hin, the latter of which was the country's first course.Now the latest five stars golf course is Banyan Golf Course which is soft opening since 1 October 2008.
Palm Hills Golf Club & Residence is an 18-hole par-72 championship golf course designed by Max Wexler.
Pattaya.
There are some well-known courses in Pattaya which include: 
Kanchanaburi Area.
The most popular golf courses in this area are: 
Northern Region.
The Chiang Mai Lamphun Golf Club is a championship course which was the venue for the 18th SEA Games. The Lanna Sports Club is also one of the beautiful golf course in the region. Other places include: 
North-eastern Region.
Khao Yai 300 km from Bangkok, has a variety of different popular courses to play at, they include: Kirimaya Golf Resort, Mission Hills Khao Yai, Voyage Panorama Resort and Golf Club and Friendship Meadows Country Club.
Koh Samui.
This island in the south of the country has only one full-size golf course, Santiburi Samui Country Club.
Phuket.
This exotic tropical island in the Andaman Ocean is home to a host of world-class golf courses. The Blue Canyon Country Club which has been host to the Johnny Walker Classic, one in fact Tiger Woods won. Other venues include: Laguna Phuket, Thai Muang Beach Resort, Phuket Country Club, Loch Palm Golf Club and Red Mountain.
Golf courses.
From Thailand's about 200 golf courses more than 65 courses are categorized as outstanding out of which 25 - 30 are considered to be world class courses. Some of these are also complimented by their adherence to a traditional Thai-style look. They are:
Outstanding courses.
The major outstanding courses considered at different destinations are:
Bangkok
Phuket
Hua Hin
Pattaya
Rayong
Chiang Mai
Chiang Rai
Kanchanaburi
Ko Samui

</doc>
<doc id="18538301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538301" title="Etienne De Wilde">
Etienne De Wilde

Etienne De Wilde (born 23 March 1958 in Wetteren, East Flanders) is a Belgian former professional road bicycle racer. De Wilde won races on the road and on the track. He won a silver medal in the madison at the 2000 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18538327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538327" title="Cassa Depositi e Prestiti">
Cassa Depositi e Prestiti

Cassa Depositi e Prestiti (CDP SpA) is an Italian bank founded in 1850 in Torino; after the unification of Italy, in 1863 it was restructured and the headquarters moved to Rome; it was constituted in its current form as a joint-stock company on 12 December 2003. 80% of the share capital is owned by the Ministry of Economy and Finance of Italy, while the remaining 20% is held by various foundations, especially banking. 
The activities of the company are divided into two distinct branches of business. The first, called "separate management", manages the financing of investment and other public bodies, such as regions, other local bodies and structures relating to the State, using postal savings deposits as the main source of funds. 
The second, called "ordinary management", deals with the financing of works, plants, networks and equipment intended for the supply of public services and redevelopment.
Unlike postal savings, bonds issued by the Cassa are not guaranteed by the state. It has €17.5 bln assets. 
The activity of the company is subject to monitoring by a Parliamentary committee. 

</doc>
<doc id="18538340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538340" title="Göttingen University Faculty of Law">
Göttingen University Faculty of Law

Göttingen University Faculty of Law (Juridicum in Latin) is the faculty of law of University of Göttingen in Göttingen, Niedersachsen, Germany. Established in 1737, the law faculty belongs to one of the four founding faculties of the university. It offers the Dipl. iur., Mag. iur., Dr. iur., and Magister Legum Europae (MLE) degrees in law. It also hosts visiting scholars and several legal research centers.
Among other luminaries, the leading German legal scholar Rudolf von Jhering taught here in the late 19th century. Otto von Bismarck, "Iron Chancellor" of the second German Empire once studied law here in Göttingen. The former German President Richard von Weizsäcker obtained his "Dr.iur." at Göttingen in 1955. Chancellor Gerhard Schröder studied there later in the century and became a lawyer thereafter.
History.
Throughout the 18th century the University of Göttingen was at the top of German universities for its extremely free spirit and atmosphere of scientific exploration and research. Napoleon had even studied law here and remarked that "Göttingen belongs to the whole Europe".
In the first years of the University of Göttingen it became famous for its faculty of law. In the 18th century Johann Stephan Pütter, the most prestigious scholar of public law at that time, taught jus publicum here for half a century, which had attracted a great number of students such as Klemens Wenzel Lothar von Metternich, later diplomat and prime minister of Austria, and Wilhelm von Humboldt, who later set up the University of Berlin.
By 1837, when the university was a hundred years old, the University of Göttingen had earned its fame as "university of law" because almost every year the students enrolled by the faculty of law made up more than half of all the students on the campus. Göttingen became a mecca for the study of public law in Germany. Heinrich Heine, the famous German poet, studied law and was awarded Dr.iur..
However, political disturbances, in which both professors and students were implicated, lowered the attendance to 860 in 1834. The expulsion in 1837 of the famous seven professors – "Die Göttinger Sieben" for protesting against the revocation by King Ernest Augustus I of Hanover of the liberal constitution of 1833, further reduced the prosperity of the university.
Thereafter, Gustav von Hugo, forerunner of the historical school of law, and Rudolf von Jhering, a most significant jurist who created the theory of "culpa in contraendo" and wrote "Battle for Right", taught here in the 19th century and maintained the good reputation of the faculty of law. Otto von Bismarck, the main creator and first chancellor of the second German Empire, had also studied law in Göttingen in 1833 and lived in a tiny house on the "Wall" (according to oral tradition, he lived there because his rowdiness had caused him to be banned from living within the city walls), now known as "Bismarck Cottage".
Student Journal.
There is one student journal in the field of international law which is published online in English – Goettingen Journal of International Law.

</doc>
<doc id="18538348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538348" title="List of Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters GX episodes (season 2)">
List of Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters GX episodes (season 2)

The season begins with the dinosaur-obsessed drill sergeant Tyranno Hassleberry joining the Academy. He joins the Ra Yellow dorm and becomes fast friends with Jaden. Also arriving with the new students is pro duelist Aster Phoenix. Aster is later revealed to be part of an organization known as the Society of Light, who are out to take over the world. The true evil behind the Society beings to show itself, brainwashing the Academy's students, including several of Jaden's friends. At the same time, the "Genex Tournament" begins in the school, with students and pros alike competing. During the tournament, Sartorius, the leader of the Society of Light, gains control of a powerful laser satellite, with the power to brainwash the entire world. Jaden and the others work together with Aster Phoenix to save the world and free Sartorius from the evil that controls him.
Episode list.
Season 2.
<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="18538355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538355" title="The Diet of Worms">
The Diet of Worms

The Diet of Worms is a Big Finish Productions audio drama featuring Lisa Bowerman as Bernice Summerfield, a character from the spin-off media based on the long-running British science fiction television series "Doctor Who".
Plot.
Bernice applies for a job at the Depository - a place where all the great literary achievements of the human race are stored.

</doc>
<doc id="18538359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538359" title="Three in Norway (by two of them)">
Three in Norway (by two of them)

Three in Norway (by Two of Them) is a travelogue from the 19th century in Norway, written by J. A. Lees and W. J. Clutterbuck. Fjågesund and Syme identify it as one of the most frequently reprinted travel accounts for Norway.
Development of the narrative.
First published in 1882, the book tells, in an engaging humorous and deadpan style, the adventures of three friends who set out to fish and shoot through one long summer, traveling by canoe and camping along the way in Jotunheimen, a mountainous area. This amusing party make light of the rigours of outdoor life in Norway and enjoy every minute of their idyllic tour, with pristine lakes full of large eager trout, which have never seen an artificial fly, heather hills rich with ptarmigan and reindeer, the characters among the Norwegian country folk they encounter. A typical sentence from the book: "It continued raining in a nice keep-at-it-all-day-if-you-like kind of manner, so we resided in the tent, and read, and indulged in whisky and water for lunch to counteract any ill effects of the reading – for some of it was poetry."
Publication history.
There were many editions published in the latter years of the nineteenth century. A 2003 limited edition published by The Flyfisher's Classic Library quickly sold out, and in 2008/9 there was a new Flyfisher's Classic Library edition, as well as a new paperback edition published by Coch-y-Bonddu Books. These editions carry a new introduction by Jon Beer, who retraced the steps of the "Three in Norway" over 100 years later.
It served as an inspiration for the travelogue "Three Men in a Boat (To Say Nothing of the Dog)", a humorous account by Jerome K. Jerome of a boating holiday on the River Thames between Kingston upon Thames and Oxford, which was published in 1889.

</doc>
<doc id="18538373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538373" title="Sunami Station">
Sunami Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18538379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538379" title="Notrees, Texas">
Notrees, Texas

Notrees is an unincorporated community in west central Ector County, Texas, United States. It is located on State Highway 302, approximately 20 miles northwest of Odessa. The community is part of the Odessa Metropolitan Statistical Area.
The area began to develop in the 1940s following the discovery of large oil fields including the TXL Field. Notrees was known at various times as "Caprock" and "Strawberry". Local merchant Charles E. Brown petitioned for a post office and selected the descriptive name of Notrees. Reportedly, the community had a single native tree before it was destroyed during the construction of a Shell Oil Company "gas plant".
Notrees thrived during the 1950s and 1960s. In 1966, the population was 338 and the area was supported by several oil company camps and a few businesses. The community began to decline by the 1980s as a result of oil companies abandoning the camps that once provided housing for employees and their families because of an improved infrastructure that enabled workers to live elsewhere (e.g., Odessa) and commute to Notrees.
The community's small population currently supports four businesses and a post office (zip code 79759).

</doc>
<doc id="18538385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538385" title="Akisaizaki Station">
Akisaizaki Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18538394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538394" title="Tadanoumi Station">
Tadanoumi Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18538409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538409" title="Cathedral of St Louis (Plovdiv)">
Cathedral of St Louis (Plovdiv)

The Cathedral of St Louis (, "katedrala „Sveti Ludvig“") is a Roman Catholic cathedral in the city of Plovdiv, Bulgaria. Co-cathedral of the Diocese of Sofia and Plovdiv together with the Cathedral of St Joseph in Sofia, it is one of the largest and most important Roman Catholic places of worship in the country. It was named after Louis IX of France, commonly known as "Saint Louis".
The cathedral was constructed in the 1850s, during the time of vicar Andrea Canova. The first organ in Bulgaria was installed in the cathedral in 1861, later substituted with a newer and larger one. A fire severely damaged the cathedral in 1931 and destroyed the wood-carved ceiling. The cathedral was reconstructed, with Krastyo Stamatov creating the frescoes and Kamen Petkov being the main architect. The cathedral was once again inaugurated on 8 May 1932. Architecturally, it features an eclectic combination of Neoclassicism and Neo-Baroque.
The belfry was built in 1898 and was equipped with five bells cast in the German city of Bochum, a gift from Pope Leo XIII. A new 12-stop pipe organ was installed in 1991.
Princess Marie Louise of Bourbon-Parma, first wife of Ferdinand I of Bulgaria, is buried inside the Cathedral, at the far end, to the right of the altar. An inscription in Bulgarian and Latin on her life can be read on both sides of the tomb.

</doc>
<doc id="18538419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538419" title="Penwell, Texas">
Penwell, Texas

Penwell is an unincorporated community in Ector County, Texas, United States. It is located near Interstate 20, approximately sixteen miles southwest of Odessa. The community is part of the Odessa Metropolitan Statistical Area. Penwell, TX is home to West Texas' only 1/4 mile drag strip.
Penwell was named after a well drilled in 1929 by independent oilman Robert R. Penn. 

</doc>
<doc id="18538427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538427" title="Calsonic Kansei">
Calsonic Kansei

Sponsorship.
Calsonic is primarily associated with Kazuyoshi Hoshino's Impul team in Japan, sponsoring them since 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="18538438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538438" title="Diva Universal (Italy)">
Diva Universal (Italy)

Diva Universal is an Italian television channel owned by Universal Networks International Italia, and broadcast on SKY Italia Channel 128 (Entertainment package).
Until March 31, 2011, the channel was named Hallmark Channel.
Hallmark Channel was owned by the privately backed Sparrowhawk Media Group, until late 2007 when the company was bought by NBCUniversal.

</doc>
<doc id="18538461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538461" title="Scarborough Spa Express">
Scarborough Spa Express

The Scarborough Spa Express is a regular summer heritage steam locomotive service between York and Scarborough via Harrogate and Leeds. It is operated by the West Coast Railway Company, however has been operated in previous years by different companies, including the Railway Touring Company.
History.
Regular steam operations on most of British Rail ended in 1968. In the early 1970s, British Rail allowed steam back on the main line, using preserved steam locomotives, and by the late 1970s, the company ran a series of trains during the summer months from York to Scarborough and back. In 1981, BR introduced the Scarborough Spa Express, which ran from York to Scarborough and return twice a week. The following year these were extended to run over the circular route from York to Harrogate and Leeds, returning to York before continuing to Scarborough. These ran until 1988.
In the 2000s.
Since 1988, there had been occasional steam railtours to Scarborough, featuring locomotives including 60800 "Green Arrow", 46229, Duchess of Hamilton, 48151, 3440, City of Truro and 45596 Bahamas. It was not until 2002 that regular trips began again. These were introduced by West Coast Railways and ran from Scarborough to York and return for three days a week during July and August. The same format was used again in 2003. The National Railway Museum began running directly from York to Scarborough in 2004 from 20 July. 4472, Flying Scotsman having just been acquired by the NRM was the main loco used but supported by 45407 in the event of any loco failure. The NRM sponsored the SSE until the of 2006 when they decided hand over the running of the SSE to the Railway Touring Company. So in 2007 RTC (Railway Touring Company) included the Harrogate Loop in the SSE itinerary once more and ran a very successful number of tours during July and August. In 2008-2009 WCR took over the running of the SSE and they again utilised the Harrogate loop running on three days a week during July and August. 
In 2010 the route was changed as gauging problems on the Harrogate loop put a stop to any steam locomotive using this route. This is how the Wakefield Circle was born, so WCR again running three days a week during July and August sponsored the SSE. The route was York-Normanton-Wakefield Kirkgate-Wakefield Westgate, Woodlesford, Castleford and back to York. Then from York the usual trip to Scarborough and back to York and the Wakefield Circle as per the morning run, returning to York at 21-00. It is intended that the same route will be used in 2012.
Locomotives.
In recent years, the following locomotives have been used:
On its first run, 6233 "Duchess of Sutherland" hit a bridge between Harrogate and Leeds, causing minor damage, and was not used on this route subsequently.

</doc>
<doc id="18538463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538463" title="Kobe Women's Junior College">
Kobe Women's Junior College


</doc>
<doc id="18538481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538481" title="Uhrenmuseum zum Rösli">
Uhrenmuseum zum Rösli

The Uhrenmuseum zum Rösli is a small horological museum in Zurich, Switzerland that was founded in 2006.
The museum is open by appointment and located in a historic building on Röslistrasse 46, about 3 kilometers north of the city center on the route to Oerlikon (Take Streetcar no. 7 to stop Röslistrasse).
Collection.
The collection focusses on clocks although there are a few watches as well. It is particularly rich in rustic clocks of Switzerland, mostly with wooden movements, and forged iron clocks of the Gothic period. There is a good collection of renaissance timepieces and of Neuchatel type pendules as well. Altogether several hundred clocks are displayed.
History.
The building, constructed as a farmhouse in 1802, in 1856 became the local schoolhouse till 1887, when the teacher Johann Gisler bought it as his residence. His son Heinrich Gisler was a lifelong passionate collector of clocks, a tradition carried on by Heinrich's daughter Martha Gisler. Martha later befriended another local clock enthusiast named Hans Neufeld. The museum houses the clocks owned by the “Uhrenstiftung Martha Gisler & Hans Neufeld”.
References.
www.uhrenmuseumroesli.ch

</doc>
<doc id="18538482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538482" title="Otemae College">
Otemae College

History.
The junior college opened in April 1951 in the city of Osaka for women only. In 1986, the campus moved to the city of Itami. The junior college became coeducational in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="18538504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538504" title="Shukugawa Gakuin College">
Shukugawa Gakuin College

History.
The school was founded in 1880. In 2013, it became coeducational.
Courses.
It offers courses in childcare.

</doc>
<doc id="18538506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538506" title="Pennington, Texas">
Pennington, Texas

Pennington is an unincorporated community in Houston and Trinity counties in the U.S. state of Texas. Originally known as Tyler or Tyler's Prairie, Pennington is located off of U.S. Highway 287 near the Davy Crockett National Forest.
Education.
The Groveton Independent School District Serves students on both the Houston and Trinity county sides of the community.

</doc>
<doc id="18538519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538519" title="List of Brazilian film directors">
List of Brazilian film directors

This is a list of Brazilian film directors born in Brazil or who have established Brazilian citizenship or residency.

</doc>
<doc id="18538522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538522" title="Autumn in New York (Jo Stafford album)">
Autumn in New York (Jo Stafford album)

Autumn in New York is a 1950 album by Jo Stafford, re-released in 1997 with extra tracks. With Paul Weston And His Orchestra. The album was re-released in 1997 on CD along with 1953's "Starring Jo Stafford" on the EMI label.

</doc>
<doc id="18538528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538528" title="Toyo College of Food Technology">
Toyo College of Food Technology


</doc>
<doc id="18538544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538544" title="Young Gifted and Talented Programme">
Young Gifted and Talented Programme

The Young, Gifted & Talented Programme (YG&T) is a United Kingdom government scheme that aims to enhance the educational development of students between the ages of 4 and 19. The scheme was established in 2002.
Inclusion policy.
Within the scheme, a young and gifted individual is defined as: "...children and young people with one or more abilities developed to a level significantly ahead of their year group (or with the potential to develop those abilities)”.
Entrance to the scheme is via a validation process performed by the student's school or college and is based on criteria including:
While the onus is on schools to determine the size of their gifted and talented population, clear justification for the size of the group and the benefit to all members must be clearly identified. The DCSF uses 10% of any given school population as the assumption of size during the planning process.
Operations.
The operations of the programme are outsourced to the CfBT Education Trust who took over the National Programme for Gifted and Talented Education in September 2007 and renamed it to the Young, Gifted & Talented.
The program also supports the activities of private organisations in providing training activities and materials to the identified student groups.

</doc>
<doc id="18538551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538551" title="Notorhizodon">
Notorhizodon

Notorhizodon is a genus of prehistoric lobe-finned fish which lived during the Devonian period (Givetian stage, about 385 - 391 million years ago). It belonged to the family of Tristichopteridae fishes. Fossils have been found in Antarctica and described by Young "et al." in 1992. "Notorhizodon" probably lived in freshwaters.

</doc>
<doc id="18538552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538552" title="Hakodate Otani College">
Hakodate Otani College


</doc>
<doc id="18538570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538570" title="Mauritians in the United Kingdom">
Mauritians in the United Kingdom

Mauritians in the United Kingdom include British citizens and residents of Mauritian descent. In 2001, some 27,078 Mauritian-born people were present in the UK. The Office for National Statistics estimates that there were 47,000 Mauritian-born residents of the UK in 2010 (an increase of around 74%). Up until 1968, Mauritius was under British rule, and the nation remains very closely linked to the UK, hence the UK being a popular destination for Mauritian emigrants.

</doc>
<doc id="18538572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538572" title="Escolania de Montserrat">
Escolania de Montserrat

L'Escolania (), officially L'Escolania de Montserrat, choir school is a boys' choir of sopranos and altos based at the Benedictine abbey Santa Maria de Montserrat near Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain. When the repertory requires it, they are accompanied by the Montserrat Chapel Choir, composed of old choirboys and the monks of the Ministry Chapel Choir.
L'Escolania sings every day in the Basilica of Montserrat, often to a great affluence of pilgrims and visitors from all over the world. The midday Salve has become, over the past decades, the most visited daily act of the Sanctuary.
Since the end of the 1960s they have ventured further afield than the Basilica of Montserrat and given concerts in Catalonia and around the world. The most important in the last course have been with "L'Orquestra de les Nacions", conducted by Jordi Savall, and their participation in the opera "A Midsummer Night's Dream" by Benjamin Britten in the Gran Teatre del Liceu, Barcelona.

</doc>
<doc id="18538586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538586" title="Augmented seventh chord">
Augmented seventh chord

The augmented seventh chord , or seventh augmented fifth chord,
or seventh sharp five chord is a dominant seventh chord consisting of an augmented triad with a minor seventh. Thus, it consists of a root, major third, augmented fifth, and the minor seventh.
Thus in the key of C major it would be C, E, G-sharp, and B-flat as in the figure. It may be notated with the chord symbols C+7, Caug7, or C75, and can be represented by the integer notation {0, 4, 8, 10}.
The root is the only optional note in an augmented seventh chord, the fifth being required because it is raised. This alteration is useful in the major mode because the raised 5th creates a leading tone to the 3rd of the tonic triad. See also dominant.
In rock parlance, the term "Augmented seventh chord" is sometimes confusingly and erroneously used to refer to the so-called "Hendrix chord", a 79 chord which contains the interval of an augmented ninth but not an augmented fifth.
The augmented minor seventh chord may be considered an altered dominant seventh and may use the whole-tone scale, as may the dominant seventh flat five chord. See chord scale system.
The augmented seventh chord normally resolves to the chord a perfect fourth above, thus G7+5 resolves to a C major chord, for example.

</doc>
<doc id="18538594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538594" title="PASSOP">
PASSOP

People Against Suffering, Oppression and Poverty (PASSOP) is a community-based, grass roots non-profit organisation devoted to fighting for the rights of asylum seekers, refugees and immigrants in Cape Town, South Africa. PASSOP believes in and advocates for equality and justice for people across all societies, irrespective of nationality, age, gender, race, creed, disability or sexual orientation. PASSOP creates and strengthens networks of communication, dialogue and interchange for the advancement of peace, understanding and justice in local communities and it is within these local communities where most of their membership resides. 
PASSOP has expanded greatly in the last couple of years and now offers a range of services including: anti-xenophobia help desks that offer paralegal advice, integration events and workshops, a Disabled Children Support Project, an African Solidarity Education Project, assistance with documentation issues, ZDP Permits and Appeals, monitoring of Internally Displaced Persons camps and other advocacy and education projects.
Founding.
PASSOP was founded in 2007 by a group of Zimbabweans and spearheaded by Braam Hanekom. Though originally established in response to increased tensions between Zimbabwean foreign nationals fleeing Robert Mugabe's increasingly repressive regime and South African citizens who blamed them for crime and unemployment. PASSOP has since become a leading advocate for refugees and immigrants to demand human rights in South Africa. Staffed by volunteers and funded primarily through donations, PASSOP has had a large impact on the debate around the situation of documented and undocumented immigrants in South Africa, vowing to be a “voice for the voiceless.”.Passop is an Afrikaans word meaning beware. PASSOP is unique amongst other South African non-profit organisations in that it is an advocacy and activist organisation that draws the majority of its members and volunteers from the refugee community.
History.
By identifying and exposing corruption within the Home Affairs Department's Refugee Reception Centre, PASSOP has helped to increase the number of asylum seekers being served each day (from around 20 before the creation of PASSOP to now over 200). Through protest action, PASSOP has brought the issues of corruption and xenophobia to the public eye.
In November 2007, PASSOP set the tone for its protest activism in its advocacy for the refugees who were forced to wait in massive queues outside of Cape Town's Department of Home Affairs Refugee Center. At that time, the Department of Home Affairs processed only 20 asylum applications daily, while 600 to 2,000 refugees camped outside the department in a queue circling the block. Many foreign nationals waited in the queue for weeks; one, Adonis Musati, starved to death while waiting to receive asylum documents that he was entitled to by law.
Following this death, PASSOP lodged a complaint with the South African Human Rights Commission (SAHRC) and raised funds to repatriate Musati's body to Zimbabwe. PASSOP members also staged several protests at the Refugee Center and lobbied the Parliament on behalf of those refugees still waiting in the queue. As a direct result, Cape Town's Department of Home Affairs now services between 180 and 300 applications daily.
Xenophobia and PASSOP.
There are a large number of immigrants living in South Africa, estimates varying between one and three million. Massive documentation backlogs, poor queue management, corruption, and a general lack of resources at the Refugee Reception Centres across South Africa, coupled with an incoherent immigration policy in general has led to a situation in which most of immigrants in South Africa are undocumented. It is these undocumented immigrants, asylum seekers and refugees that are the most vulnerable, most marginalised section of South Africa's population.
This group of undocumented immigrants is acutely under-represented in labour unions, civil society and community activism efforts, and not represented at all politically. This lack of representation leaves them with compromised access to education, health care, labour rights, shelter, and even the most basic human rights. They are among the most easily and widely exploited individuals in South Africa, and are often made the victims of targeted hate crimes and xenophobic aggression. In 2008, more than 60 immigrants were killed and over 30,000 people were forcefully displaced as a result of xenophobic attacks throughout South Africa. In 2009, the attacks were repeated and over 3,000 people were displaced in the Western Cape alone. PASSOP fights for the rights of this acutely marginalised group of people.
For example, following xenophobic attacks in several informal settlements in the Western Cape and Gautang in May and June 2008, PASSOP was a vocal member of the Civil Society Task Team, set up by the SAHRC in response to the massive influx of foreign nationals into refugee camps. PASSOP worked closely with both South Africans and foreign nationals to negotiate the refugees' peaceful reintegration into their communities. PASSOP remains a forum in which refugees can speak out about the conditions in which they now live in South Africa. PASSOP works closely with community leaders in the Zimbabwean, Congolese and Somali community structures to address issues, concerns and problems facing refugees and immigrants within Cape Town. In this, PASSOP especially advocates for undocumented immigrants who often have no civil representation. 
PASSOP collaborates with students and has many student volunteers from the University of Cape Town who assist and support it in many of its day to day functions. Moreover, PASSOP is the beneficiary of the annual Cape Town Zimfest Music festival, first held in the Good Hope centre, Cape Town on 6 September 2008. The musical event features performers including Freshlyground, The Rudimentals, The Dirty Skirts, Ike Moriz, New Altum, Tristan Waterkeyn and Coda.
Core values.
PASSOP believes that South Africans and African Immigrants have in common the dreams shared by many oppressed – those of freedom, of peace, of freedom of expression and most importantly those of equality.
PASSOP maintains that definitions of refugees and asylum seekers need to be reformulated to take into account breadline refugees. The situation in Zimbabwe is so appalling that people must choose between leaving their homes in search of a means of survival or remaining at home to starve. The economic condition in Zimbabwe is so extreme it constitutes a humanitarian crisis. People in Zimbabwe are so destitute that many are below the breadline, meaning they cannot even afford basic food and are therefore driven out of their own country, seeking subsistence survival in South Africa and other Southern African nations. PASSOP wants to make the South African public aware of the lack of choice people have in their decisions to cross the border. PASSOP is against all xenophobic attacks on immigrants and maintains that the right to freedom and dignity is one of all persons residing in South Africa, whether here legally or illegally. PASSOP has made their disappointment with South African foreign policy known through the media and public protests. PASSOP continues to demand immediate improvement in the services provided to refugees and asylum seekers by the Department of Home Affairs.
PASSOP's dream is to be more than just an organisation. They hope to become a community-based human rights movement; a congregation of informed and empowered members that adhere to the same set of values and guiding principles and are actively engaged in their communities to influence positive change.
The change they are working towards is fourfold:

</doc>
<doc id="18538597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538597" title="Kushiro Junior College">
Kushiro Junior College


</doc>
<doc id="18538610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538610" title="Obihiro Otani Junior College">
Obihiro Otani Junior College


</doc>
<doc id="18538611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538611" title="Tara Wilson (pageant titleholder)">
Tara Wilson (pageant titleholder)

Tara Shae Wilson is a former Miss West Virginia USA. 
She is the only state titleholder to hold 3 state titles and competed in two national competitions. Tara was also Miss West Virginia Association of Fairs & Festivals and WV Homecoming Queen. She received the honor of "Miss Photogenic" in her USA division.
Tara has been featured in local, national, and international print and advertising campaigns and two music videos.
Tara is a native of Sistersville, West Virginia.
Tara is a graduate of Wheeling Jesuit University with a double-major in Political and Economic Philosophy and Political Science. She also completed graduate school with honors receiving her Masters of Business Administration (MBA). 
Her professional career includes two Fortune 100 companies. She is currently in sales and management. 
Tara's resume also includes charity work devoted to children and animals. She has been involved as a volunteer for the Humane Society for over 12 years.

</doc>
<doc id="18538626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538626" title="NK Vir Domžale">
NK Vir Domžale

Nogometni Klub Vir Domžale (), commonly referred to as NK Vir Domžale or simply Vir, is a Slovenian football club, which plays in the town of Vir near Domžale. They currently play in the MNZ Ljubljana League, the fifth level of the Slovenian football system. The club was founded in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="18538633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538633" title="Live, Raw &amp; Uncut">
Live, Raw &amp; Uncut

Live, Raw & Uncut is a music DVD/CD combo from the Hard rock band Poison, released in 2008 for their summer tour. It sold around 2,400 copies in its first week of release to debut at position No. 8 on Billboard's Top Music Videos chart.
CD.
"Live, Raw & Uncut CD" is Poison's first full live album, the previous live albums Swallow This Live included new studio tracks and Power to the People was considered a half live, half studio album. "Live, Raw & Uncut" features 14 live Poison hits from their 2007 summer tour.
Track listing.
CD:
DVD.
"Live, Raw & Uncut DVD" is a live concert from 2007, recorded at Verizon Wireless Amphitheatre in St. Louis, Missouri, in support of their 2007 cover album Poison'd. "Live, Raw & Uncut" also includes a photo gallery and behind the scenes footage. The DVD features a slightly different track list to the cd, containing four extra tracks.
Track listing.
DVD:

</doc>
<doc id="18538635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538635" title="NK Dob">
NK Dob

Nogometni Klub Dob (), commonly referred to as NK Dob or simply Dob, currently named Roltek Dob due to sponsorship reasons, is a Slovenian football club, which plays in the town of Dob near Domžale. They currently play in the Slovenian Second League. They play their games at the Dob Sports Park. The club was founded in 1961.
Current team.
"As of 26 January 2014."

</doc>
<doc id="18538642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538642" title="Edmonton (disambiguation)">
Edmonton (disambiguation)

Edmonton is the capital city of the Canadian province Alberta. It may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18538655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538655" title="Oleksandr Tkachenko">
Oleksandr Tkachenko

Oleksandr Tkachenko may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18538682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538682" title="Fukuyama City Junior College for Women">
Fukuyama City Junior College for Women

In August 2010 the college announced that it stopped admitting students in preparation for Fukuyama City University (established in April 2011).

</doc>
<doc id="18538687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538687" title="Starring Jo Stafford">
Starring Jo Stafford

Starring Jo Stafford is a 1953 album by Jo Stafford,with Paul Weston and His Orchestra accompaniment by The Starlighters and The Pied Pipers. The album was re-released in 1997 on a CD along with "Autumn in New York" by EMI.

</doc>
<doc id="18538690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538690" title="Provincial Reconstruction Team Logar">
Provincial Reconstruction Team Logar

PRT Logar (Czech: "Provinční rekonstrukční tým Logar") is Provincial Reconstruction Team and is part of the International Security Assistance Force - an international military force in Afghanistan. PRT Logar is subordinated to ISAF Regional Command East which is responsible for the eastern provinces of Afghanistan. Regional Command East with its HQ in Bagram is a U.S.-run Operational Command containing units from several other NATO and non-NATO countries. The task of PRT Logar is to help Afghan government rebuild and further develop Logar province.
The PRT combines civilian experts from the Czech Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the Czech Army military, whose role is to maintain a secure environment for reconstruction projects. The Czech PRT has proportionally one of the highest numbers of civilian experts in PRT.
The members of the civilian team include construction enginees, development specialists and experts in areas such as agriculture, security, media or veterinary medicine. These specialists cooperate with the provincial government, councils of elders (suras) and other representatives of local communities to extend their capacities and, through a broad range of joint projects, to have a positive impact on the province both in mid and long-term.
History.
PRT Logar was established on March 19, 2008 as a 26th Provincial Reconstruction Team deployed to Afghanistan. The PRT is located at U.S. Forward Operating Base Shank near capital of the Logar province, Pul-i-Alam. Current area of responsibility is 3,800 km².
PRT Logar, as of July 2008, was composed of 192 troops and 7 civilians. Troops were mostly members of 102nd Reconnaissance Battalion (1st Contingent) with attachments from other units. In August 2008, 102nd Reconnaissance Battalion was replaced by troops of the 7th Mechanized Brigade (2nd Contingent). As of August 2008, PRT Logar was composed of 200 troops and 8 civilians. In March 2009 the troops of the 7th Mechanized Brigade were replaced by troops of the 4th Rapid Deployment Brigade (42nd Mechanized Battalion - 3rd Contingent, 41st Mechanized Battalion - 4th Contingent). As of March 2009, the number of troops was increased to 275 and the number of civilians to 10. As of February 2010, the 7th Mechanized Brigade (72nd Mechanized Battalion - 5th Contingent / 5th Unit) took over again and the number of personnel was further increased to 286 troops and 12 civilians. In August 2010, the 7th Mechanized Brigade (71st Mechanized Battalion - 6th Unit) was deployed and the number of personnel was set to 261 troops and 11 civilians. In February 2011, the 4th Rapid Deployment Brigade (43rd Airborne Battalion - 7th Unit) was deployed and the number of personnel was set to 293 troops and 11 civilians. In August 2011 they were relieved by 102nd Reconnaissance Battalion (8th Unit) and the number of personnel was set to 292 troops and 12 civilians.
Casualties.
Since March 2008, one soldier of PRT Logar was killed and 17 were wounded by enemy action.
Awards and decorations.
Czech soldiers who deploy to Afghanistan (for at least 30 consecutive days) receive "Medal of the Minister of Defense for Service Abroad - Afghanistan". Also, Czech soldiers are eligible for "NATO Non-Article 5 Medal" after 30 either continuous or accumulated days on deployment in Afghanistan.

</doc>
<doc id="18538698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538698" title="At the Gates of Utopia">
At the Gates of Utopia

At The Gates Of Utopia is the second studio album by the Italian symphonic black metal band Stormlord.

</doc>
<doc id="18538699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538699" title="List of Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters GX episodes (season 3)">
List of Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters GX episodes (season 3)

Jaden is being tested to the limit by Professor Thelonius Viper because he was invited by Sheppard so he could improve the students' dueling. Many new faces from other Academies around the world show themselves, including Jesse Andersen, who, like Jaden, has the ability to speak to his Duel Monsters cards. Evil forces return to threaten not just Earth, but other dimensions as well, including the duel spirits' world. Jaden and his friends rise to fight this evil once again, but this time, the fight is more personal for Jaden. The "Supreme King" threatening the entire universe is actually a past incarnation of his, the dark side of his soul. Jaden soon finds himself facing the deranged duel spirit Yubel in a battle that will decide the fate of several universes, and takes the only path to defeat her, by absorbing her power into himself.
Episode list.
Season 3.
<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="18538701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538701" title="Schuman roundabout">
Schuman roundabout

Schuman Roundabout (Dutch: Schumanplein, French: Rond-point Schuman), or Schuman Square, is a roundabout at the end of Rue de la Loi in Brussels that serves as a focus for major institutions of the European Union (EU).
It is named after Robert Schuman, one of the founding fathers of the European Union and gives its name to the surrounding district (also known as the European Quarter) and Schuman station. The major buildings next to it are the Berlaymont building, headquarters of the European Commission, and the Justus Lipsius building, headquarters of the Council of the European Union
The roundabout is just to the east of the metro segment of Schuman station, which connects to heavy rail. The station is undergoing renovation to improve its interchange and link it to a new regional railway via a new tunnel. There are already a web of rail and road tunnels running under and around the roundabout.
The area is to see some major rebuilding as EU offices are converted into shops and other civilian uses and the roundabout will be converted into one of three pedestrian squares, the theme of the new "Place Schumanplein" will concentrate on "policy and politics" (see Brussels and the EU#Future for details).
Roads meeting at the roundabout.
"Rue de la Loi" / "Wetstraat" runs west-north-west towards the centre of Brussels, one-way. It also continues east-south-east for a short distance towards the western end of Cinquantenaire park. The bulk of the traffic on this main carriageway avoids the roundabout by taking the tunnel underneath, the road becoming "Avenue de Tervueren" / "Tervurenlaan" and heading out of Brussels east / east-south-east towards Woluwe-Saint-Pierre and eventually Tervuren.
"Kortenberglaan" / "Avenue de Cortenbergh" leads north-east towards Schaerbeek and Place de Jamblinne de Meux. The "Rue Belliard" / "Belliardstraat" tunnel also follows this route, leading out towards Diamant premetro station and the E40.
"Archimedestraat" / "Rue Archimède" leads north towards Square Ambiorix.
"Avenue d'Auderghem" / "Oudergemselaan" runs south-east through the middle of Etterbeek, towards the "La Chasse" junction and Auderghem.
"Rue Froissart" / "Froissartstraat" is one of the smaller roads leaving the roundabout, heading towards Place Jourdan.

</doc>
<doc id="18538707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538707" title="Sanyo Women's College">
Sanyo Women's College


</doc>
<doc id="18538708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538708" title="NZRFU Centenary Matches">
NZRFU Centenary Matches

In 1992 it was the Centenary year of the New Zealand Rugby Football Union and the All Blacks played three tests against a World XV

</doc>
<doc id="18538717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538717" title="Archimede solar power plant">
Archimede solar power plant

Archimede solar power plant is a concentrated solar power plant at Priolo Gargallo near Syracuse in Sicily, Italy. The plant was inaugurated on 14 July 2010. It is the first concentrated solar power plant to use molten salt for heat transfer and storage which is integrated with a combined-cycle gas facility. It uses technology developed by ENEA and Archimede Solar Energy, a joint venture between Angelantoni Industrie and Siemens Energy. Archimede is owned and operated by Enel.
The plant is called "Archimedes" (the famous resident of the nearby Magna Graecia Hellenistic city of Syracuse) after the rows of huge parabolic mirrors used to capture the sun's rays, which recall the "burning mirrors" that Archimedes is said to have used to set fire to the Roman ships besieging Syracuse during the Siege of Syracuse (214–212 BC). The existing gas-fired power plant on the site was augmented by Archimede. It produces 5 megawatts of electricity, enough for 4,500 families.
Description.
The solar thermal power plant consists of a field of about of mirrors (the parabolic collectors) that concentrate sunlight onto of pipe carrying the molten salt fluid. Molten salt is used as the heat transfer fluid in solar field and is heated to . The thermal energy is then stored in a hot tank and is used to produce high pressure steam to run steam turbines for electricity generation, reducing the consumption of fossil fuels and, as a result, enhancing the environmental performance of the combined-cycle plant. The solar collectors (the parabolic mirrors and pipes or receivers), together with a steam generator and two heat storage tanks – one cold and one hot – make up the solar portion of the system. 
When the sun shines, the thermal fluid drawn from the cold tank is circulated through the network of parabolic collectors, where it is heated to a temperature of and injected into the hot tank, where the thermal energy is stored. The fluid is then drawn from the hot reservoir to produce steam at high pressure and temperature, which is sent to Enel's nearby combined-cycle plant, where it contributes to electricity generation. 
This system enables the plant to generate electricity at any time of the day and in all weather conditions until the stored thermal energy is depleted. 
The addition of the solar plant to the power station should significantly reduce the amount of gas burnt at the plant and cut carbon dioxide emissions by 7,300 tonnes.

</doc>
<doc id="18538728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538728" title="Moon Ki-Han">
Moon Ki-Han

Moon Ki-Han (; born March 17, 1989) is a South Korean footballer who currently plays as midfielder for Police FC.

</doc>
<doc id="18538734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538734" title="Alexandre Dechet">
Alexandre Dechet

(Hyppolyte) Louis Alexandre Dechet (alternatively, spelled Dechez; Lyon, 20 January 1801 - Lier, 18 October 1830) was a French actor and is regarded the author of the lyrics of the Brabançonne, the Belgian national anthem. His pseudonym was Jenneval, possibly named after the drama "Jenneval, ou le Barnevelt français" (1769) of Louis Sébastien Mercier.
Dechet worked in Ajaccio, Marseille and in 1826 at the Paris Odéon. Via Lille he finally came to Brussels, where he played at La Monnaie. In 1828 he returned to Paris in order to work at the Comédie Française, but returned to Brussels immediately after the July Revolution in 1830. He there served with the city guard which was responsible for maintaining law and order.
Dechet is said to have written the text of the Brabançonne during the first revolutionary gatherings at the café "L'Aigle d'Or" in the Brussels Greepstraat in August 1830, shortly after the performance of the opera La Muette de Portici, which triggered the Belgian revolution.
During the Belgian Revolution Dechet became a volunteer in the revolutionary army and joined the corps of Frenchman Charles Niellon. He died during a combat against the Dutch near Lier.
On the Martelarenplein in Brussels a column honouring Dechet is to be found, which was created by Alfred Crick and inaugurated in 1897.

</doc>
<doc id="18538736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538736" title="Maurice Dalé">
Maurice Dalé

Career.
The French-Ivorian began his career with FC Martigues, here played between 2007 joined than on loan to US Le Pontet, after a half year turned than back to Martigues. Dalé left than in July 2008 Martigues and joined to AJ Auxerre, here played his first professional game in the Ligue 1 on 13 December 2008 against Paris St. Germain. On 7 August 2009 AC Arles signed the forward from AJ Auxerre. After one season with AC Arles-Avignon, the French forward signed for Unirea Urziceni. Due to financial problems of Unirea Urziceni, Dalé on 25 August 2010 agreed to go on loan to Panserraikos F.C. for one year. 
On 3 October 2010, he scored his first goal for Panserraikos F.C. on the 1-0 home win of his team against Larissa F.C.. After two year stint at Romania and Greece, he returned to France and joined FC Nantes on 28 June 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="18538740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538740" title="Gunma Shorei Junior College of Welfare">
Gunma Shorei Junior College of Welfare


</doc>
<doc id="18538748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538748" title="Love Letters of Great Men">
Love Letters of Great Men

Love Letters of Great Men, Vol. 1 is an anthology of romantic letters written by leading male historical figures. The book plays a key role in the plot of the American film "Sex and the City".
The book includes love letters written by Roman poet Ovid, explorer Sir Walter Raleigh, writer Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, novelist Nathaniel Hawthorne, poet Robert Browning, short story writer Edgar Allan Poe, novelist Mark Twain, mathematician Lewis Carroll, physicist Pierre Curie, playwright George Bernard Shaw, adventurer Jack London,Admiral Robert Peary, President Woodrow Wilson, poet Lord Byron, poet John Keats, philosopher Voltaire, King Henry VIII of England, President George Washington, Emperor Napoleon I of France, painter Vincent van Gogh, composer Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, and composer Ludwig van Beethoven, among others. It also includes biographical information about the writers and recipients, the circumstances and relationships that led to the letters, and explanations of what occurred in the years following the correspondence.
The book of love letters written by great men throughout history was originally created as a prop for the "Sex and the City" film but was published in response to fan demand. The one that appears exactly as in the movie was authored by John C. Kirkland and published on May 12, 2008, the same date the film premiered. The book was ranked among the top 250 Bestsellers in Books on Amazon.com, and was the #1 ranked Literature & Fiction book in both the Letters & Correspondence and Poetry categories in September 2008, the month the DVD of the film was released. On November 25, 2008, St. Martin's Press published a book entitled "Love Letters of Great Men" edited by Ursula Doyle, which it says was also inspired by the "Sex and the City" movie.

</doc>
<doc id="18538756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538756" title="Knapsack, Germany">
Knapsack, Germany

Knapsack is a locality of Hürth, Rhine-Erft district, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
On Wednesday 17 October 2007, King Harald of Norway opened Statkraft's first gas power plant at Knapsack in Germany. The plant will have an installed capacity of 800 MW.
History.
Knapsack, its first documentary mention in 1566, started to emerge into a notable town after 1900 due to establishment and development of industry (1906 the Knapsack-Griesheim AG, later known as the Hoechst AG; 1913 construction of the brown coal power plant Goldenberg-Werk)
During World War II the RAF bombed the Knapsack power-station several times. The first raid was a low-level daylight raid by on 12 August 1941 by 54 Bristol Blenheims under the command of Wing Commander Nichol of No. 114 Squadron RAF. The Blenheims hit their targets (the Fortuna Power Station in Knapsack and the Goldenburg Power Station in Quadrath) but twelve of the Blenheims were lost during the raid, 22 percent of those that took part which was far above the sustainable loss rate of less than five. A further raid took place on the night of 2/3 October 1943 with 12 OBOE Mosquitos, and a second attack that year was another night attack on 21/22 December 1943 by 4 Mosquitos.
Due to environmental constraints, 4000 citizens had to be resettled between the years 1969 and 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="18538760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538760" title="Ko Yo-Han">
Ko Yo-Han

Ko Yo-Han (; born 10 March 1988) is a South Korean football right-back, who plays for FC Seoul in K-League.
Club career.
In 2004, he dropped out of middle school after failing math class he joined FC Seoul.
In 2006, he made his professional league debut in Samsung Hauzen Cup, after he made a 3 appearances and 2 appearances respectively in K-League 2007 and K-League 2008.
In 2009, he got the chance to be starting player since Lee Chung-Yong moved to Bolton Wanderers.
International career.
On 5 October 2009, he was called up first South Korea national team for friendly match against Senegal of 14 October.
Career statistics.
International.
"Statistics correct as of matches played 14 October 2009"
Personal life.
Ko's given name, Yo-Han, comes from the Korean translation of John (Korean: 요한), apostle of Jesus.

</doc>
<doc id="18538763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538763" title="Akinagahama Station">
Akinagahama Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18538765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538765" title="Ikuei Junior College">
Ikuei Junior College


</doc>
<doc id="18538767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538767" title="Oleksandr Tkachenko (footballer)">
Oleksandr Tkachenko (footballer)

Oleksandr Mykolayovich (or Aleksandr Nikolayevich) Tkachenko () (born 24 January 1947 in Kupiansk) is a retired Soviet football player and a current Ukrainian coach.
International career.
Tkachenko made his debut for USSR on 29 June 1972 in a friendly against Uruguay.

</doc>
<doc id="18538771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538771" title="Elly Is Cinderella">
Elly Is Cinderella

Elly Is Cinderella is Seo In-Young's 2nd studio single album. It was released on July 23, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18538778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538778" title="Matt Benson-Lidholm">
Matt Benson-Lidholm

Matthew (Matt) Francis Benson-Lidholm (born 5 March 1952) born in Albany, Western Australia is an Australian politician. He is currently the member of the Western Australian Legislative Council representing the Agricultural Region and Deputy President of the Legislative Council. Elected to Parliament in the 2005 state election he is a member of the Australian Labor Party. 
Prior to entering parliament, Benson-Lidholm was a teacher and taught at Mount Barker Senior High School and at the school of Distance Education. 
With his wife Jan, he is a prominent breeder of Rhodesian Ridgeback dogs under the Bowbridge prefix.

</doc>
<doc id="18538782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538782" title="Ōnori Station">
Ōnori Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18538783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538783" title="Porta San Giovanni">
Porta San Giovanni

Porta San Giovanni may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="18538784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538784" title="List of Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters GX episodes (season 4)">
List of Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters GX episodes (season 4)

, is the fourth addition to the Yu-Gi-Oh! anime meta-series. The plot centers around Judai Yuki and his friends, and tells of their adventures at Duel Academy, a school that teaches students how to play the card game Duel Monsters. Season four covers their graduation from the Academy. This is the only season that has not been dubbed in English.
Judai is finally about to graduate from Duel Academia, but a mysterious force starts its vicious attack, and it is up to Judai to put a stop to it. Things are complicated further with the demise of several of Judai's friends and the return of an enemy from the past.
Episodes.
<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="18538798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538798" title="Takehara Station">
Takehara Station

The Location.
Takehara Station is located in a small city on the outskirts of Hiroshima. The city is known for its wide variety of historical artifacts and has many, many attractions there. "(Need expanded)"
Lines.
There are two main lines running through this station. There is the West Japan Railway Company and the Kure Line. Click the links to learn more about each.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18538801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538801" title="Kanto Junior College">
Kanto Junior College


</doc>
<doc id="18538807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538807" title="Yoshina Station">
Yoshina Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18538813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538813" title="Jérémy Huyghebaert">
Jérémy Huyghebaert


</doc>
<doc id="18538819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538819" title="Meiwa Gakuen Junior College">
Meiwa Gakuen Junior College


</doc>
<doc id="18538821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538821" title="Kazahaya Station">
Kazahaya Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18538823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538823" title="George Boyd (potter)">
George Boyd (potter)

George Boyd (1825–1886) was an early New Zealand studio potter.
Boyd trained as a potter in Ireland before immigrating to New Zealand. In 1851 he settled in Auckland. Nine years later he set up his own business, the Newton Pottery. Although mainly producing functional items, he also earned a reputation for ornamental wares. In 1885 he exhibited a range of his products at the New Zealand Industrial Exhibition in Wellington, New Zealand. The judges commended Boyd's 'most attractive show of pottery' saying his work proved there could be 'a real art-feeling in the manufacture of cheap and common goods'. Following the exhibition, he gave a selection of his 'artistic wares' to the Colonial Museum, a predecessor of the Museum of New Zealand Te Papa Tongarewa.
When he died in 1886, his will ordered the executors to close down the Newton Pottery, sell the machinery, and destroy the moulds. Examples of his work are now rare and highly sought after.

</doc>
<doc id="18538828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538828" title="Chun Je-Hun">
Chun Je-Hun

Chun Je-Hun (born 13 July 1985) is a South Korean football player.

</doc>
<doc id="18538833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538833" title="Yasuura Station">
Yasuura Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18538846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538846" title="Ato Station">
Ato Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18538847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538847" title="Bolshoy Uzen River">
Bolshoy Uzen River

Bolshoy Uzen (, ) is a river in Saratov Oblast of Russia and West Kazakhstan Province of Kazakhstan. It is 650 km in length, with a drainage basin of 15 600 km². 
The Bolshoy Uzen has its sources on the western edge of the Obshchy Syrt highlands of Russia, and flows in a generally southerly direction over the steppes of the Caspian Depression. It terminates in West-Kazakhstan, in a network of small lakes and swamps called the Kamysh-Samarskiye Lakes. The Bolshoy Uzen runs parallel to the Maly Uzen River, some 50 km further west.
Most of the river's waters comes from snowmelt, so the river's flow peaks in April, while in the summer parts of the river will dry up completely. At Novouzensk the discharge varies from 7.3 m³/s to 393 m³/s. The river freezes over in December, and stays icebound to the end of March - beginning of April. 
The town of Novouzensk is situated at the Bolshoy Uzen. The river is used for water supply and irrigation.
Other source of information and interactive webmap of the Bolshoy Uzen watershed : riversnetwork.org

</doc>
<doc id="18538851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538851" title="Niijima Gakuen Junior College">
Niijima Gakuen Junior College


</doc>
<doc id="18538854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538854" title="Mikko Oivanen">
Mikko Oivanen

Mikko Oivanen (born 26 May 1986 in Huittinen) is a Finnish professional volleyball player who plays for French volleyball league club Paris Volley and Finnish national team.
Career.
Early career.
Oivanen started his career with his brother Matti in Kiikoisten Kirma. Soon Finnish youth national team's coach picks him to youth national team. Mikko moved with his brother to Kuortane and started studying in local high school. Same time he trained with youth national team.
On his last high school year Mikko played few games with his brother Matti in Vammalan Lentopallo that is competing in Finnish championleague. In 2004 he graduated from Kuortane.
Raision Loimu.
After Kuortane Oivanen made a contract with Raision Loimu which plays in Finland Championleague. He started playing there with his brother Matti. In his first season in Loimu Oivanen didn't get much minutes because Loimu's opposite player at the time was Argentinian Diego Bonini. In his first season in Finland league he won Finland Cup champion and was in the league fourth place. 
Second season in Loimu was good to Mikko. He rose to Loimu's number one opposite player and led his team to Finland Cup final again. In final Loimu lost to Napapiirin Palloketut.
Rovaniemen Santasport.
After two seasons in Loimu Oivanen made a contract with Rovaniemen Santasport. His brother Matti made a contract with Pielaveden Sampo so it was a first season without Matti. In Santasport Mikko led his team to European Cup best sixteen. In Finland league he led the team to finals against Pielaveden Sampo. Mikko played for the first time against his brother Matti. Finals were very exciting matches. Finals culminated to last fifth game in Kuopio. Full crowd saw fifth set game and Santasport took gold. Mikko get his first big victory.
Bozkurt Belediyespor.
After good a season, Mikko made contract to Turkey volleyball league with Kastamonu Bozkurt Belediyespor. After Europeacn Championchips, Mikko's price rise over a million euros. Many bigger clubs than Kastamonu Bozkurt Belediyesi wanted Mikko. But Kastamonu Bozkurt Belediyesi didn't want to lose their star. Mikko stayed in Kastamonu Bozkurt Belediyesi. He played a good season and led a small club to sixth place in Turkish league.
Resovia Rzeszow.
After one season in Turkey Oivanen made a contract with ASSECO Resovia Rzeszów. Contract is 2+1 year long.
National team.
Oivanen played his first national team game in season 2005 against Germany on European league. Finland survived to European League finals and the media chose Mikko as a best attacker. Young Finland team won a silver medal in the tournament.
Breakthrough in the team.
Oivanen made his breakthrough to the national team World league summer 2007. Finland's number one opposite player Matti Hietanen was hurt and Mikko got a chance to show his talent. He played a good World League summer and was the fourth best scorer in the whole league. After World League summer national team started training for European Championchips in Moscow. There Mikko became one of the best opposite players of the world. He was the best scorer in the tournament and led Finland to its best ballgame achievement.
Clubs.
2003-04 Vammalan Lentopallo & Kuortane
2004-05 Raision Loimu
2005-06 Raision Loimu
2006-07 Rovaniemen Santasport
2007-08 Kastamonu Bozkurt Belediyesi
2008-2009 Resovia Rzeszow

</doc>
<doc id="18538855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538855" title="Akikawajiri Station">
Akikawajiri Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18538859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538859" title="Chukyo Junior College">
Chukyo Junior College

History.
The college was founded in 1966.

</doc>
<doc id="18538866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538866" title="Hiro Station">
Hiro Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18538869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538869" title="Porta San Giovanni (Rome)">
Porta San Giovanni (Rome)

Porta San Giovanni is a gate in the Aurelian Wall of Rome, Italy, named after the nearby Basilica di San Giovanni in Laterano.
History.
It is made up of a single grand arch built for pope Gregory XIII in "opera forse" by Giacomo della Porta or, it is argued, Giacomo del Duca, who had collaborated with Michelangelo on the Porta Pia. The confusion is because the chronology of the era merely speaks of a famous architect called Giacomo. Popular tradition insists the architect was Della Porta, for he died in crowds at the gate, "which he had built" of violent indigestion brought on by melons and watermelons, returning from a trip to the Castelli Romani.
Inaugurated in 1574, it had been necessitated by the reorganization of the whole Lateran area to facilitate traffic to and from southern Italy. Its opening led to the definitive closure of the neighboring and more imposing Porta Asinaria, of Aurelian date, which was by the 1570s proving unable to sustain such a high level of traffic and almost unusable due to the progressive raising of the road level neighboring. 
Its design is conceived as more like the entrance to a villa than as a defensive work, lacking side towers, ramparts, and battlements, and marked instead by pronounced "bugnatura" work and by a simple decorative scheme composed of a large bearded head atop the arch on the external side.
The commemorative inscription above the arch reads:
PVBLICAE VTILITATI ET VRBIS ORNAMENTO
VIAM CAMPANAM CONSTRAVIT
PORTAM EXSTRVXIT
ANNO MDLXXIIII PONT. III
The road in fact gives access to the via Campana (now the Via Appia Nuova), which for its first 3 miles follows the route of the ancient Via Asinaria, then that of the Via Labicana. The name via Campana, it is presumed, derives both from the road's ultimate destination of Campania and from the Roman Campagna through which it runs.
Besides the historical and military events on its reliefs, the Porta San Giovanni is linked to popular Roman traditions, now almost entirely disappeared, especially that relating to the "Notte di San Giovanni", on 23 June, the "notte delle streghe", with a major festival. According to legend, on that night the ghost of Herodias, who had convinced her husband Herod Antipas to decapitate John the Baptist, organizes a witches' sabbath on the Lateran meadows - to chase them away, the Romans organised a big party with rattles and fireworks. The "notti di S. Giovanni" were always characterised by the custom of eating slugs, whose horns symbolised discord (the meaning of the tradition is much more recent) - the eaten slugs, thus, bury in the stomach all arguments and resentments that had accumulated over the previous year, giving the custom the meaning of reconciliation.
The modern Appio-Latino quarter, now outside the gate, was set up in 1926 by demolishing and building over houses, cottages, vineyards, inns, and meadows. To keep the gate viable, also in 1926 fornici were opened at its sides, which can still be seen today.

</doc>
<doc id="18538884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538884" title="Geert Van de Walle">
Geert Van de Walle

Geert Van de Walle (6 December 1964 – 26 November 1988) was a Belgian cyclist. He was Belgian amateur champion in 1985, whereupon he immediately signed a contract with the Lotto team for whom he rode in 1986 and 1987. In 1988, he switched to Isoglass-Robland.
On 26 November 1988, he died of a heart attack during a training ride with friends, ten days before his 24th birthday.
Doping.
His death was noted by Willy Voet in his book "Massacre à la chaîne" although he acknowledged the impossibility of proving the link between these early deaths and the drugs taken while racing.

</doc>
<doc id="18538885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538885" title="Gifu Junior College of Health Science">
Gifu Junior College of Health Science


</doc>
<doc id="18538886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538886" title="Shin-Hiro Station">
Shin-Hiro Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18538890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538890" title="Wrestling at the 1988 Summer Olympics – Men's Greco-Roman 52 kg">
Wrestling at the 1988 Summer Olympics – Men's Greco-Roman 52 kg

The Men's Greco-Roman 52 kg at the 1988 Summer Olympics as part of the wrestling program were held at the Sangmu Gymnasium, Seongnam.
Tournament results.
The wrestlers are divided into 2 groups. The winner of each group decided by a double-elimination system. 

</doc>
<doc id="18538901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538901" title="Delvin N'Dinga">
Delvin N'Dinga

Career.
Ndinga began his career with CNFF and joined than to Diables Noirs. He left 2005 Diables Noirs to sign with Europe with AJ Auxerre in July 2005, who was than promoted to the senior side in summer 2007. Two years later having been promoted, Ndinga made his debut, on 28 February 2009, coming on as a substitute, in a 1–1 draw against Toulouse; then, made his first start and played 90 minutes in a 2–0 win over Lyon.
In the 2009–10 season, Ndinga would established himself in the first team at Auxerre, where he would retained his first team status throughout his Auxerre career. On 28 November 2009, Ndinga scored his first goal in a 2–0 win over AS Monaco.
In the 2011–12 season, Ndinga was linked with a move to Lyon, to lined up as a replacement for Jeremy Toulalan, who joined Spanish side big spenders, Málaga, and both clubs made come to agreement, having agreed a four-year deal, with the fee of seven million euros. Previously, Ndinga stated to move to Lyon does interests him saying ""It would be a good challenge for me, the opportunity to pass a course, While there is a chance that I play in this club, I will not hesitate. There is Lyon who has, then yes, it m? Interested!"" However, president Gérard Bourgoin refused to let him go, having rejected several offers from Lyon. The negotiations was continued throughout the summer transfer window and finally, Ndinga signed a new contract, keeping him until 2015. Shortly after, Ndinga says he express sadness of not join Lyon and said ""It takes time, honestly thought I leave. It hurt me. I try to focus quickly find my level."" Despite the transfer move never happened, Ndinga kept his place in the Auxerre starting line-up. On 3 May 2012, Ndinga scored his second goal of his career, as Auxerre win 2–0 against Dijon.
Following Auxerre were relegated from Ligue 1 in the 2011–12 season, he joined Ligue 2 side AS Monaco in July 2012, for worth six million euros. Having stayed on the bench for one game, Ndinga finally made his debut in a 0–0 draw against Laval. Ndinga since played in the first team, playing in the defensive midfield. In late-November, Ndinga suffered a thigh injury and ruled him out for two months. In late-January, Ndinga made a recovery from injury and returned to training. Ndinga is able to make his return, 8 February 2013, in a 2–1 win over Le Havre.
Following his two league appearance at Monaco in the 2013-14 season, but on 31 August 2013, N'dinga left the club to join Greek champions Olympiacos on loan, with an option to make the move permanent next summer with a fee of 3€ millions.
International.
He made his first cap for Congo national football team at the WCQ match against Sudan on 8 June 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18538902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18538902" title="Akiaga Station">
Akiaga Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
