<doc id="18436298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18436298" title="Jay Curtis">
Jay Curtis

Jay Curtis (born 28 March 1986) is a Welsh broadcaster, columnist and actor.
Early media career.
Curtis started work as a freelance reporter with Newsquest Media Group, writing for his local newspaper in Ammanford
It was during a Newspaper Interview that he was spotted by Ray Gravell during his "Wyt Ti'n Siarad Grav Roadshow", and producers later gave him the opportunity to work alongside the broadcaster supporting the remainder of his Roadshow. This was followed by music events on tour across Wales such as the Big Buzz and Pop Into the Park for BBC Radio Wales and BBC Radio Cymru
Early radio career.
After working at various BBC events he was offered a role presenting on his local community radio station Afan FM 107.9, at various Restricted Service Licence events, such as the Pontardawe Festival and Aberavon Beach Festival. 
The station was later granted an FM licence, and re-branded XS Radio where he presented weekend shows, making him one of the youngest presenters on local radio in Wales.
Career information.
In January 2007, he moved into commercial radio, following a successful interview with Town & Country Broadcasting and began hosting the Drivetime Show at their headquarters in Neath Abbey on 102.1 Swansea Bay Radio and 106.3 Bridge FM. His fun and lively style quickly saw him achieve the Breakfast Show, after building up a large and loyal following. 
Aside from his role as a broadcaster, he also became an experienced producer, and his skills saw him work on “The Most Wanted Chart show” which became the syndicated radio show for selected commercial radio stations across the UK, along with producing the unique Sunday show for Comedian Mike Doyle, often from his cruise ships worldwide, which were later transmitted across the Town and Country Broadcasting network in Wales.
He's also achieved success as a voice-over artist, and can be heard on several high profile TV and Radio Commercials across the UK. This includes the Government, several Car Dealerships, UPVC Windows, Cinemas, and local Councils and organisations.
In March 2010, and alongside his Radio commitments, Jay returned to writing and began work as a Celebrity Columnist for Swansea Life Magazine, part of South West Wales Media and County Life Magazine. This was later furthered by contributing to the Carmarthen Journal highlighting his weekly news and activity's on radio.
On the 14th January 2014 and after 2 years of working on various stations across Wales he returned to present the Weekday Breakfast show on Nation Hits, Radio Carmarthenshire,Scarlet FM and Radio Ceredigion.
Television/film and theatre.
Away from radio, Jay Curtis has also had a successful career on both television and international film, appearing as teacher Phil Prys in Pobol Y Cwm, and various other roles including the pilot episode of BBC drama "Sherlock" with Hartswood Films, leader of the Southrons in Merlin and Dr David Khalaf in Torchwood
He's has also appeared alongside Keira Knightley, Sienna Miller, Matthew Rhys and Cillian Murphy in the movie "Edge Of Love" and his other TV credits include his role as Sibstar in "Mistresses" along with "Casualty" and as himself on ITV2's "The Xtra Factor" and Big Brothers Bit on the Side.
In early 2010 he was selected to front the Sky 3D launch on the Sky platform, promoting its very first broadcast of Manchester United vs Chelsea on a range of media platforms including magazines, billboards, trains, busses, the tube and even the skin of the Sky HD and 3D outside broadcast trucks where it remains to the current day.
In 2011 Jay even completed a pilot game show with former "You Bet" and "Stars in Their Eyes" presenter Matthew Kelly called Shark Vs Bear, which had been positioned to Channel 4, however this was later altered to The Bank Job and the format changed.
Jay has also had success in Theatre, appearing in a several family pantomimes and comedy's across Wales.
More recently as the role of barrister Brogan-More in the highly acclaimed series, "Witness for the Prosecution" by Agatha Christie at the New Theatre, Cardiff. The cast included Honeysuckle Weeks ("Foyle's War"), Denis Lill ("The Royal"), Ben Nealon ("Soldier, Soldier"), Robert Duncan ("Drop the Dead Donkey"), Peter Byrne, Jennifer Wilson and Mark Wynter.
In August 2013 Curtis was signed for an advertising campaign to further promote tourism in Wales and became the official Voice Of Wales for the country's tourist-board, fronting the 2013 Visit Wales television advert worldwide, and replacing the previous broadcaster Rod Gilbert.
Private life.
Jay still lives in South West Wales and regularly comperes a number of large scale music concerts and is often seen hosting events such as the Welsh National Wedding Awards, Local Hero Awards, and a variety of Fashion Shows for the South Wales Evening Post, and Maxine De Paris.
He's also previously volunteered as a Community First Responder for the NHS in Wales.
His event management skills were utilised to spearhead the first ever Sport Relief event in Swansea, which later became a national campaign, followed by the first ever Wales National Airshow. He has also served as Lord Lieutenants Cadet under Lord Morris QC of Aberavon, for the county of Dyfed, South Wales on behalf the Queen and as a Flying Officer RAF VR(T)in the Air Training Corps.
In 2012 and after several years with the organisation, he resigned as a Director from Spill Media having been instrumental in its set up to provide tailor-made media training and project-based digital inclusion activities to young people in South Wales. 
He is also the stadium announcer for the Scarlets at their supporters village during home fixtures.

</doc>
<doc id="18436304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18436304" title="Mahmood Ali">
Mahmood Ali

Syed Mahmood Ali (1928–2008) Urdu:سید محمود علی was a Pakistani radio, television and stage artist. Mahmood Ali was born in Hyderabad, India in 1928.
Mahmood Ali began his career with the All India Radio in 1945. He migrated to Pakistan after independence, arriving in Lahore in 1947. He soon moved to Karachi and joined Radio Pakistan, where he was employed as a copyist. He became a part of Radio Pakistan during independence. 
Ali started his acting career from "Khawaja Moinuddin's Theater". 
In 1965, Ali was joined Pakistan television.
Syed Mahmood Ali died on July 11, 2008 due to cardiac arrest. He was 80. He was buried at Wadi-e-Hussain graveyard in Karachi.

</doc>
<doc id="18436316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18436316" title="Reno R. Rolle">
Reno R. Rolle

Reno Richard Rollé (born September 24, 1961) is the CEO of Rollé Wiseman, LLC a direct consumer marketing and management firm co-founded with entertainment industry expert and respected Attorney, Todd R. Wiseman.
In 2007, Reno Rollé co-founded BōKU International, an award winning, USDA certified Organic, Kosher and Vegan super food company which now serves thousands of customers in 65 countries throughout the world.
That same year, Reno Rollé co-authored and published "The Ultimate Guide To Natural Health Quick Reference" with Nevada medical oncologist and world renowned anti-aging physician, James W. Forsythe M.D., H.M.D.
Reno Rollé previously held the position of CEO for Shop America USA. Based in Bradford, England and operating in the U.S., Shop America specialized in long- and short-form direct response television (infomercial) marketing. During this time Reno Rollé co-created the book and marketing campaign for “Natural Cures ‘They’ Don’t Want You to Know About” (written by Kevin Trudeau). This book held the #1 spot on the The New York Times Best Seller list for several weeks from 2005 to 2006 and has sold an estimated 10 million plus copies. In an article written by Christopher Dreher and published on Salon.com in 2005, (“What Kevin Trudeau doesn’t want you to know”), Rolle weighs in on the controversy from an industry point of view.
Reno Rollé was a founding principle of the National Lampoon Acquisition Group, LLC an investment group that orchestrated the acquisition of J2 Communications, Inc. (NASDAQ:JTWO) a small cap public company that owned the widely recognized comedic brand, National Lampoon, Inc. Mr. Rollé founded National Lampoon Home Entertainment in 2002<reg name="nl"/> to produce and distribute National Lampoon branded DVDs and has Produced or Executive Produced several feature films under this institutional moniker.
Between 1997 and 2001 Reno Rollé was the co-founder, Chairman and CEO of Synergy Worldwide, Inc., a product engineering, design and marketing company. In 1999, Synergy produced "Mastering the Flow", a blackjack card counting program that became a long running and very successful gaming infomercial. In September 2000, Synergy was honored with the distinguished R&D 100 Award for Mr. Rollé’s invention, The Spin Fryer. This award, referred to as the “Oscars of Inventions,” by the Chicago Tribune recognizes the most technologically significant inventions in history. Past winners include: anti-lock brakes, the fax machine, the ATM (automated teller machine), and polarized film. The Spin Fryer was subsequently licensed to Salton, Inc. (NYSE:SFP) for marketing and distribution under the George Foreman line of kitchen products.
From 1994 to 1997 Reno Rollé was a co-founder of HSN Direct, a direct response television joint venture with Home Shopping Network, Inc. (NASDAQ: IACI) Mr. Rollé’s primary responsibility was to negotiate and manage the majority of HSND’s contracts, including marketing and distribution, production, talent and joint venture agreements. In addition, Reno Rollé oversaw all aspects of new business development including: media, production, regulatory compliance and operations. While successful in multiple consumer categories, highlighting Mr. Rollé’s tenure with HSND was his role in the development and launch of the Ab Isolator and EZ Crunch abdominal exercise products, both easily achieving sales north of $100 million. In 1986, Reno Rollé and his wife Lynn founded Rollé Ltd. in Long Beach Island, New Jersey. The company pioneered the concept of a patented, weighted beach blanket (Patent # 4,703,528) and achieved success in the manufacture and sale of its flagship product, the Rollé Blanket which still to this day is considered the finest product of its type in the world.
Reno Rollé lives in Ojai, CA with his Wife Lynn and two children. He is a current member of the Ojai Valley Youth Foundation Partnership council.

</doc>
<doc id="18436332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18436332" title="Zing (makeup artist)">
Zing (makeup artist)

Zing is a prominent Hong Kong make-up artist for the stars.
Zing was born in 1970 in Singapore born and studied English Literature, music, performing arts and fashion. He started career as Makeup Artist in 1989 and opted to leave Singapore and moved to Hong Kong in 1992.
Made his mark in Hong Kong and caused major changes in the makeup, fashion and entertainment scene first with his "bare-faced" looks and then with his creative approach to makeup. His extraordinarily bizarre use of glitter on pop diva Faye Wong for a TV show in 1996 became a rage and catapulted the mass use of glitter in the business and the public.
Published 1st book <ZingMakeUp> in 1997 in conjunction with personal exhibition at The Hong Kong Arts Centre.
Signed with Max Factor as Image Creator from 1997 to 1999. Created seasonal looks and print ads that elevated the brand to another level.
In 1998, Zing became the first Chinese makeup artist to be interviewed by CNN.
Appointed as official makeup artist and spokesperson for SKII and Max Factor's advertising campaigns and TV commercials from 1998 - 2003.
Made history by achieving a record-breaking 5-makeup-changes for Faye Wong, one for each outfit, during her New Year concert in 1998/99.
Signed with Tokyo's "K Office Plus" agency in 1999. WOrked between Japan and Hong Kong.
Pioneered a creative-makeup weekly column <Zing Makeup Up; Zing Write Up> for a Hong Kong lifestyle magazine in 2004. This column is simultaneously publish in Next Magazine in Taiwan.
Published 2nd book <zingbyzing> in conjunction with his 2nd personal exhibition. <zingbyzing> is sold worldwide and proceeds from the book are donated to The Hong Kong Cancer Fund.
In 2005 and 2006, Zing has 4 ongoing columns in various magazines in Hong Kong and China.
Guest host for Commercial Radio HK in 2006.
Raised makeup to an art form by putting up a 2-month long Installation-art exhibition "Beauty Revealed" for Lane Crawford in 2006. Exhibition includes images, films, lightboxes and sculptures made out of cosmetics, all produced by Zing.
Chosen by the Singapore Ministry of Information, Communications and the Arts to represent Singapore at the London Design Festival in 2006.
Venture into education by starting <ZING the makeup school> with his proteges in 2007.
Co-hosted beauty and lifestyle TV programme for Now TV in 2007.
Worked with famous photographer Terry Richardson for his new book.
Invited by Chaumet as makeup artist for famous French actress Sophie Marceau (2007).
Makeup show and exhibition <Vision of Beauty> in Beijing for the opening of Lane Crawford Beijing (2008).
Art Director and makeup artist for Orbis x Harbour City <Eyes On Me> exhibition (2008).
Art Director and makeup artist for Lane Crawford Facess SS09 Campaign.
Appointed by <Chanel Mobile Art> as makeup artist for famous architect Zaha Hadid and French actress and Karl Lagerfeld's muse Anna Mouglalis (2008).
Art Director and make-up artist for TVB's 2009 calendar.
Art Director and make-up artist for FACESS Lane Crawford X'Mas 08 & Spring/Summer 09 advertising campaign.
Appointed as official makeup consultant for AMWAY ARTISTRY CHINA and creates '09 advertising campaign.
Appointed as ambassador for clè de peau BEAUTÉ foundation collection 2009.
Creates <HUE by Zing> looks and films for JOYCE BEAUTY (2009).
Makeup artist for <Love Mi Sammi Cheng 2009 concert.
Pioneered a creative-makeup weekly column <THE MOST BEAUTIFUL WOMAN IN HONG KONG wear Zing> in MingPao Weekly.
Zing still participates actively in the Greater China region as the preferred makeup artist of choice to the most famous pop singers and actresses, including Faye Wong, Sammi Cheng, Carina Lau, Shu Qi, Gong Li, Zhang Ziyi, Karen Mok, Kelly Chan, Sally Yeh, Sandy Lam, Michelle Reis, Joey Yung, Gigi Leung, TWINS, and many more.
Amongst the countless number of CD covers, MVs, live performances, TVCs and concerts, some of the memorable looks he created are Sammi Cheng's "Nike eyebrow" (1996), Faye Wong's "Teardrop look" (1995) and her "Neon Impressionism" makeup (2002) which caused a stir in Tokyo and Hong Kong for the press and the public.

</doc>
<doc id="18436335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18436335" title="2009 NASCAR Sprint Cup Series">
2009 NASCAR Sprint Cup Series

The 2009 NASCAR Sprint Cup Series season was the 61st season of professional stock car racing in the United States. The season included 36 races and two exhibition races with the regular season beginning with the Daytona 500 at Daytona International Speedway and ending with the Ford 400 at Homestead-Miami Speedway. The final ten races were known as 2009 Chase for the Sprint Cup. Rick Hendrick won the Owners' Championship, while Jimmie Johnson won the Drivers' Championship with a fifth finish at the final race of the season. Chevrolet won the Manufacturers' Championship with 248 points.
Schedule.
The biggest changes for 2009 in a NASCAR schedule realignment added the Pepsi 500 at Auto Club Speedway to the 2009 Chase, the shifting of the AMP Energy 500 at Talladega Superspeedway to a later autumn date, and the placement of the Pep Boys Auto 500 at Atlanta Motor Speedway to Labor Day weekend as a night race. Additionally, there was a fourth bye week between the Sharpie 500 at Bristol Motor Speedway and the Pep Boys 500. The schedule changes are listed in boldface on the chart below.
The total distance of the season will be .
Key to symbols:
1 – All races were broadcast on Sirius XM Radio.
♣ – This race was run at night or began in the day and finished that evening.
¶ – Non-points race.
♥ – This is a pair of races that will set the field for the Daytona 500.
† – This race was produced and distributed by IMS Radio and the broadcast will be produced in conjunction with Performance Racing Network.
§ – This race was scheduled to have been run on Sunday, but was rescheduled to the following Monday due to rain.
Teams.
Because of the merger of DEI with Chip Ganassi, the No. 01 and No. 15 teams closed after the 2008 season. However, the owners' points from the No. 15 were transferred to the No. 34, while points from either the No. 01 or No. 41 was transferred to the No. 07, with the No. 33 car, owned by Richard Childress, receiving the other. (NASCAR allows for a transfer if the original owner maintains some stake in the team to which points are transferred.) Also Bill Davis Racing was bought by Triad Racing, however the No. 22 was bought by Penske Racing with Bill Davis holding minority interest. The No. 22's points were transferred to the No. 77, thus guaranteeing that car a spot in the Daytona 500 should all other transfers occur.
Major news stories.
Economic effects.
Mergers, contractions, and alliances.
The economic crisis of 2008 caused problems even before the 2009 season began. While gas (and diesel) prices came down to nearly $2.00 per gallon, corporate America is reluctant to shell out millions of dollars to sponsor teams due to the volatility of the stock market. As a result, Chip Ganassi Racing merged with Dale Earnhardt, Inc. to form Earnhardt Ganassi Racing with Felix Sabates. They fielded the No. 1 and No. 8 from DEI and No. 42 from Ganassi, and shut down the DEI No. 01 and No. 15 teams as well as Ganassi's No. 40 and No. 41 teams, as the No. 40 was a full-time team in 2008 until July, when it was closed for a lack of sponsorship. The No. 42 team will run under the Chevrolet banner under the merger as it changes from Dodge. In addition, Front Row Motorsports has EGR support for their No. 34 car, to be driven by John Andretti. On January 19, Petty Enterprises merged with Gillett Evernham Motorsports for the merger with Petty's famous No. 43 joining the newly renamed Richard Petty Motorsports. On December 22, 2008, Bill Davis Racing was sold to California businessman Mike Held and BDR vice president Marty Gaunt, and was renamed Triad Racing Development. Hall of Fame Racing announced an alliance with Yates Racing on January 13, 2009 and named Bobby Labonte as the new driver of the No. 96 team as they move from Toyota to Ford. The first in-season casualty was the No. 28 team of Travis Kvapil owned by Yates Racing, ceasing operations following the Food City 500 on March 22. On April 7, the second casualty of the season was the famous No. 8, which folded because of a lack of sponsorship, leaving Aric Almirola without a ride. On September 10, it was announced that Yates Racing and RPM would merge, closing the No. 44 and No. 96 teams as a result for the 2010 season and the No. 9, #19 and No. 43 teams will switch to Ford.
The elimination of testing.
On November 14, 2008, NASCAR announced, as another cost-cutting measure, that teams will no longer be allowed to test on NASCAR-sanctioned tracks in all three major series. Traditionally, they had had preseason tests at Daytona and Las Vegas, along with as many as four additional in-season sessions at tracks, but all teams also use unsanctioned tracks (such as Rockingham Speedway) for their tests. The testing ban covers all tracks used on NASCAR's three national series, plus tracks that host events in the Camping World East and West circuits. This radically reduces the number of tracks that can be used for testing, with Rockingham being one of the few major tracks still available. This meant that the annual "Pre-Season Thunder" testing events, which covered all three major touring series at Daytona was cancelled for 2009. However, a fan fest remained in place with the thunder provided by the Richard Petty Driving Experience for fans to ride in a special two-seat stock car. However, Goodyear will still conduct tire tests, such as at Indianapolis Motor Speedway. A total of seven tests were conducted at Indianapolis following the 2008 Allstate 400 at the Brickyard tire debacle.
Reduction in manufacturer support.
Following General Motors' bankruptcy, GM cut all financial support in the Nationwide and Camping World Truck Series, and considerably reduced financial support in the Sprint Cup Series. Similarly, the Chrysler bankruptcy led to several Dodge Sprint Cup teams, including Richard Petty Motorsports, losing their manufacturer support; as stated earlier, RPM will merge with Yates and have the No. 9, #19 and No. 43 cars switch to Ford for the 2010 season. Dodge claims that "funding is on hold." Toyota gave a small reduction in funding before the season, but has not made any mid-season cuts. Rumors have floated that Toyota may leave the Camping World Truck Series or Nationwide Series; the automaker has denied these reports. Ford, the healthiest of all the automakers, continues funding at pre-crisis levels. From the 2005 season it has been rumored that Honda will join the Nationwide and Sprint Cup series, and the rumor gets stronger entering the 2009 season, as Dodge claimed its funding on hold. This was denied by the manufacturer.
Town-hall meeting.
On Tuesday, May 26, 2009, NASCAR held a town-hall meeting closed to the public and media with its drivers and owners to discuss a range of topics. Major topics discussed included the Jeremy Mayfield substance abuse suspension controversy, along with double-file restarts, the controversial Car of Tomorrow, sponsorship, testing, the reduction in TV ratings and attendance, and competition in general. All attendees considered the meeting a success.
Double-file restarts.
Before the start of the season, NASCAR changed restart rules regarding the final moments of all races in the Sprint Cup, Nationwide Series and Camping World Truck Series. Previously, when the race was inside the final ten laps, all cars/trucks on the lead lap were in a single-file restart in that window. As of the 2009 season, the window changed to the final 20 laps. The "lucky dog"/"free pass" rule will still be eliminated in the last ten laps of a race.
However, before the June Pocono race, the entire restart procedure changed entirely in the NASCAR Sprint Cup Series. After being run successfully at the NASCAR Sprint Cup All-Star Race and in the Budweiser Shootout, NASCAR implemented a double-file restart system starting at Pocono for the NASCAR Sprint Cup Series. This change came at the request of fans, drivers, owners, and the media and as a result in a decrease in TV ratings during the NASCAR on Fox portion of the season. (The June Pocono race was the first race of the 2009 season on TNT.) The entire field will line up double-file, much like the start of the race at every restart. The leaders and other lead lap cars are now in front always when taking the green flag. Cars who choose to stay out and not pit during a caution flag who are in front of the leaders are now waved-around to restart (double file) at the back of the field. The lucky dog/free pass rule is now in effect the entire distance of the race, and the double-file restarts are for every restart, including green-white-checkered finishes. The only reasons cars do not line up double-file in the order they are position wise on the leaderboard is if they are serving a penalty (in most cases, for pit road violations). The leader of the race also has the option of selecting which lane, inside or outside, to restart in, however, the 3rd place car (and 5th, 7th, and so on) will always restart on the inside.
The new restart procedure began in the NASCAR Nationwide Series on July 3 at Daytona. NASCAR said it will not be it in the NASCAR Camping World Truck Series until at least 2010.
Jeremy Mayfield substance abuse controversy.
Suspension.
Two hours prior to the race at Darlington, NASCAR announced that driver Jeremy Mayfield had been suspended for a substance abuse policy violation. Mayfield said that the positive test was due to an interaction between a prescription drug and an over-the-counter drug. Mayfield had failed to qualify for the race.
Mayfield violated his suspension by being at the Lowe's Motor Speedway for a press conference during the all-star race weekend.
The suspension is indefinite until Mayfield completes NASCAR's substance abuse program, which includes rehabilitation and additional testing.
Controversy.
In the ensuing days and weeks following the initial suspension, NASCAR was widely criticized by fans, drivers, owners, the media, and the World Anti-Doping Agency for not publicly identifying the drug found in Mayfield's test and failing to publish its drug policy or a list of banned substances. NASCAR's drug policy was later published and reports and court filings (see below) indicate that the test was positive for amphetamines. Despite releasing this information, NASCAR has still not published a definitive list of banned substances, leading to continued criticism. However, NASCAR addressed the issue in its May meeting with the NASCAR owners and drivers, who now say they understand why NASCAR doesn't publish a list. Nonetheless, some remained skeptical of NASCAR's intentions, claiming that "if NASCAR sees something they don't like, they can suspend anyone at anytime." In the middle of the controversy, NASCAR randomly tested 10 NASCAR drivers, officials, and crew members during a rain delay at the Coca-Cola 600 during Memorial Day weekend.
ESPN reported on June 9 that Mayfield tested positive for methamphetamines. This was later confirmed in court.
Lawsuit.
Mayfield sued NASCAR to have his suspension lifted. Mayfield says that he had taken Claritin-D, an allergy drug, in addition to Adderall, a prescription medication used to treat attention deficit disorder. Adderall is an amphetamine.
An initial court hearing for a restraining order that would have allowed Mayfield to compete at Dover was ruled in NASCAR's favor. Mayfield's team, which had been taken over by his wife and driver J.J. Yeley, withdrew from the race at Dover. Mayfield sold his team in late July to raise funds for his legal defense. NASCAR has said that Mayfield's team may continue to compete with a different driver and under a different owner. Since Mayfield is suspended, he cannot be in the NASCAR garage area or anywhere a NASCAR license is required.
NASCAR has successfully moved the case to federal court. NASCAR has also countersued Mayfield, accusing the suspended driver of willfully violating the substance abuse policy, breach of contract, and defrauding competitors of earnings. Mayfield earned approximately $150,000 from May 1 in NASCAR earnings. May 1 is when Mayfield claims he began taking the Claritin-D. On June 25, Mayfield formally denied ever taking methamphetamines in a pre-hearing affidavit filed in U.S. District Court, while NASCAR said that the test results proved he was a chronic user of meth and was a danger to public safety.
On July 1, U.S. District Court granted Mayfield a temporary injunction that lifted Mayfield's suspension and allowed him to resume his role as driver and owner. The court ruled the damage to Mayfield was far exceeding the damage to NASCAR, and that there was a high probability that the second test sample was compromised. Mayfield did not return to the track, as his race team was low on funds and sponsors do not want to associate with Mayfield. He sold his team in late July.
On July 7, NASCAR appealed the U.S. District Court's ruling. On July 8, NASCAR formally filed an appeal with the U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, one step away from the United States Supreme Court. NASCAR claimed that the district court's ruling undermines NASCAR's ability to police drug use and is asking that Mayfield be re-suspended. The 4th Circuit Court of Appeals granted NASCAR a motion to re-suspend Mayfield on July 24 following a second drug test. NASCAR re-suspended Mayfield immediately.
Second drug test.
On July 7, Mayfield submitted to a drug test. NASCAR said Mayfield was notified by an Aegis representative at 1:18 pm Monday to report to a nearby testing center within two hours, but the driver said he had to first speak to his attorney. After a delay, Mayfield's attorney told NASCAR that Mayfield couldn't get to the center by 3:18 pm, so NASCAR said it found a lab closer to his location. At 3:45 pm, Mayfield called the lab to say he was close but lost, and a receptionist offered to talk him the rest of the way. NASCAR said Mayfield told the lab he would call right back but no one was contacted until 5:30 pm, when Mayfield's attorney called NASCAR to inform them Mayfield could not find the location so the lawyer had sent him to an independent laboratory. Two testers and a NASCAR security officer arrived at Mayfield's home in Catawba County, N.C., at 7:20 pm, could not gain access for 10 minutes, and then weren't able to persuade Mayfield to give a sample until 8:20 pm NASCAR called this seven-hour layover between the time requested for a test and the time a test was given a "classic delay tactic".
On July 15, NASCAR filed documents in U.S. District court that indicated that Mayfield had once again tested positive for methamphetamines. In addition to the second test results, NASCAR also submitted an affidavit from Mayfield's stepmother in which she says that Mayfield used meth over 30 times in 7 years through snorting it up his nose. Mayfield says that "Brian France talking about effective drug programs is like having Al Capone talking about effective law enforcement," and that "I don't trust anything NASCAR does, anything (program administrator) Dr. David Black does, never have, never will." As for his stepmother, Mayfield says that "She's basically a whore. She shot and killed my dad." Lisa Mayfield (Jeremy's Stepmother) has since filed a lawsuit suing Mayfield for $20,000 in damages. Mayfield says that he has been tested almost daily by an independent lab and every test result has come back negative.
Mayfield Motorsports' general manager resigned the same day, hours before the test results were released. The team has since been sold, and few expect Mayfield to return to the track soon, if ever again.
Effect on drug testing.
Many drivers have said that since the controversy began, the drug testing time has gone from a quick 5 minute in and out to a prolonged 45-minute process that includes identity verification.
Television and radio.
USA.
In their third year of the current NASCAR television agreement, Fox carried the Bud Shootout, the Daytona 500 and the first 13 races through Dover's June race. Fox-owned Speed Channel aired the Gatorade Duels and Sprint All Star Race XXV. TNT then picked up the next six races starting at Pocono including the summer race at Daytona, the Coke Zero 400 with its "wide open format" coverage and ending at Chicago. The Allstate 400 at the Brickyard started ESPN/ABC's coverage, including the entire Chase for the Sprint Cup on ABC.
New to Fox telecasts was 3-D CGI animated adventures of "Digger", the network's gopher cam mascot and his friends, Annie, Marbles, Grandpa and rival Lumpy Wheels (named after former Lowe's Motor Speedway chief Humpy Wheeler). According to Digger's backstory, created by Fox Sports chairman David Hill, Digger lives underground at Talladega Superspeedway. The characters were also used in segues into and out of commercial breaks. However, Digger later became a harbor of criticism, as well as what most have cited as a cause of a deeper ratings decline than in years past, adding to already lower-than-normal ratings. More is mentioned here.
Hours before the July New Hampshire race on TNT, Bill Weber was removed from the broadcast booth and replaced by Ralph Sheheen for undisclosed personal reasons. TNT and NASCAR announced on July 1 that Sheheen would replace Weber for the final two races on TNT at Daytona and Chicagoland.
The annual changes at ABC/ESPN continue. Mike Massaro became a third host of NASCAR Now on ESPN2; Vince Welch replaced Massaro on pit road and Marty Reid is doing selected Nationwide Series events as well. But ESPN continues to face heavy criticism from NASCAR fans in result of bored announcers, bad camera work, excessive commercials and lack of post-race coverage.
On radio, Sirius XM Radio will carry all races in the series. Terrestrial radio rights are being handled as follows:
Speed (replacing ESPN Classic) and MRN will be the broadcasters at the annual Sprint Cup Banquet at the Wynn Las Vegas Hotel Casino in said city on December 4. Las Vegas replaces New York City as the host after 27 years there, 26 of the banquets being staged in The Waldorf=Astoria Hotel.
Other North American channels.
In Canada, TSN and TSN 2 covered the 2009 season.
International.
In Australia, Fox Sports showed all of the Sprint Cup races live across their networks. Network Ten also showed Qualifying, Final Practice (Happy Hour), a 1-hour highlights package and selected races live on its new digital sports multichannel, ONE.
In Portugal, all races this season were telecast on SportTv 3, while in Sweden, Viasat Motor televised the races. In nearby Finland, Urheilu+Kanava telecasted the season's events, and in Great Britain and Ireland, the whole season was again telecasted on Sky Sports, in Spain Teledeporte televised six races of the season live.
In Latin America all the races were broadcast on Speed Latin America (Fox Latin American Channels). They did not telecast practices or qualifying.
Ratings.
NASCAR on Fox saw an 11% decrease in TV ratings for the first 13 races of 2009. Fox's NASCAR season suffered from a trio of negative on-track trends: more cautions, fewer lead changes, and lower average speeds. 649 laps were run under caution on Fox this season, a +15% increase over last year. Put another way, there was one caution flag for every 40 miles of racing this season. Last year it was one every 45 miles, in Fox's first NASCAR season (2001) it was one every 63 miles. Ten years ago it was one every 72 miles. Lead changes were down this year, with one coming every 20 miles compared to last year's once every 17 miles. That's at least one extra lap between lead changes, sometimes more. Average speed, which is obviously tied to number of cautions, was also down this year. This year's average speed during Fox races was 118 mph. Last year it was 124 mph. In 2001 it was 128 mph, and in 1999, before Fox arrived on the scene, it was 130 mph.
NASCAR on TNT saw the first and to date only increase in TV ratings at New Hampshire, up 2.5% from 2008. Ratings remained the same from 2008 at Michigan, but saw a decrease in ratings at its other races. Overall, TNT saw an 8% decrease in ratings from 2008.
Drivers.
Bold - Pole position awarded by time. "Italics" - Pole position set by owner's points standings. * – Most laps led.
+ Scott Speed failed to qualify his normal ride, the No. 82 Red Bull Toyota at Darlington and Infineon, but drove Joe Nemechek's No. 87 Toyota for those two races, replacing Nemechek, who had a relationship with Jay Frye, vice president of Red Bull and the listed owner of Nemechek's No. 13 Ginn Racing Chevtolet in 2007 that would later be merged with Dale Earnhardt, Inc. on July 25, 2007.
2009 season races.
"See List of 2009 NASCAR races for a complete list and schedule of the 2009 season races."
Gatorade Duels.
"Drivers listed in boldface qualified outside the Top 35 owners points exemption from 2008 season."
Daytona 500.
The 51st edition of "The Great American Race" was held on February 15, 2009. For only the fourth time in the history of the Daytona 500, the race was cut short due to rain. On Lap 145 of the 200 lap race, Matt Kenseth took the lead for the first time that day. On the next lap a caution was called due to a wreck between Sam Hornish, Jr. and Aric Almirola. After six caution laps the race was red-flagged and eventually called because of the weather. Kenseth won the race after having led only one lap under green. There was also controversy over a nine-car wreck that occurred on Lap 124 when Dale Earnhardt, Jr. attempted to pass Brian Vickers. When Vickers threw a block on Earnhardt and forced him below the yellow line, Earnhardt came back up and hit the left-rear side of Vickers' car causing the pile-up. Many believed that Earnhardt hit Vickers intentionally and that he should have been fined by NASCAR, though Earnhardt maintains that the contact was accidental. The fact that Earnhardt and Vickers were both a lap down further angered fellow drivers, especially Kyle Busch who was taken out of the race by the wreck after having led 88 laps.
"NOTE: Race was shortened to or 152 laps due to rain."<br>
Failed to qualify:
Auto Club 500.
The Auto Club 500 took place on February 22 at Auto Club Speedway in Fontana, California. Brian Vickers won the pole, but due to an engine change, would start in the back of the field. After not winning a race in 2008, Matt Kenseth became one of only five people in Sprint Cup history to win both of the first two races in a season, but Kyle Busch failed to be the first person in NASCAR history to win 3 different NASCAR races in one weekend.
Failed to qualify: Sterling Marlin (#09), Tony Raines (#37), David Starr (#51), Todd Bodine (#64), Mike Garvey (#73).
Shelby 427.
The Shelby 427 was held on March 1, 2009 at Las Vegas Motor Speedway. Kyle Busch won the pole for the race. However, due to an engine change prior to qualifying, he had to start the race at the back of the field. Nevertheless, Busch went on to win for the first time at his hometown track.
Failed to Qualify: Travis Kvapil (#28), Dave Blaney (#66), Mike Garvey (#73), Jeremy Mayfield (#41), Sterling Marlin (#09), Scott Riggs (#36), Tony Raines (#37), Dexter Bean (#51)
Kobalt Tools 500.
Kurt Busch crushed the field, getting the victory by holding off Jeff Gordon and Carl Edwards on a green-white checkered finish. Mark Martin won the pole.
Failed to Qualify: Todd Bodine (#35), Scott Riggs (#36), Jeremy Mayfield (#41), Geoff Bodine (#64)
Food City 500.
Failed to Qualify: Scott Riggs (#36), Jeremy Mayfield (#41)
Goody's Fast Pain Relief 500.
Failed to Qualify: Sterling Marlin (#09), Tony Raines (#37), Dennis Setzer (#46), Derrike Cope (#75)
Samsung 500.
Jeff Gordon ended his 47-race winless streak, the longest in his career, by winning the Samsung 500 on April 5, 2009. It was Gordon's first-ever win at Texas Motor Speedway in any event. He has yet to win at the Kentucky Speedway, the only track where Gordon has yet to win a Sprint Cup Series race.
Failed to Qualify: Joe Nemechek (#87), Scott Speed (#82), Jeremy Mayfield (#41), Todd Bodine (#64), Scott Riggs (#36)
Subway Fresh Fit 500.
Mark Martin wins ending a 97-race winless streak, scoring his first win since Kansas in 2005. Sam Hornish Jr. gets his first career top 10.
Failed to Qualify: Todd Bodine (#64), Jeremy Mayfield (#41), Dexter Bean (#51), Brandon Ash (#02), Trevor Boys (#06)
Aaron's 499.
Brad Keselowski got his first Sprint Cup win after making contact with Carl Edwards, sending Edwards into Ryan Newman and flipping into the catchfence. It was Keselowski's fifth start, and it was also the first lap he ever led in a Sprint Cup series event. It was also Keselowski's first top 10 finish. Other first time top 10 finishers included Scott Speed and Joey Logano.
Failed to Qualify: Michael McDowell (#66), Eric McClure (#4)
Crown Royal Presents the Russell Friedman 400.
Kyle Busch took the lead from Jeff Gordon with 48 laps to go and became only the second driver to get a win on his birthday.
Failed to Qualify: Todd Bodine (#64), Trevor Boys (#06)
Southern 500 presented by GoDaddy.com.
The 2009 Southern 500 presented by GoDaddy.com was held at Darlington Raceway on May 9. The biggest news to come out of this race was the indefinite suspension of Jeremy Mayfield as both owner and driver of the self-owned No. 41 car in a pre-race media opportunity.
Failed to Qualify: Jeremy Mayfield (#41), Scott Speed (#82)
NOTE: Scott Speed's team paid Joe Nemechek to let Speed drive his car in this race.
NASCAR Sprint Showdown.
Although a non-points race, Sam Hornish Jr. wins his first stock car race in his career. 
In pre-race practice, Carl Long blew a motor and requested to change his engine. Per NASCAR procedure and the one-engine per weekend rule, NASCAR confiscated the blown motor and allowed Long to change his engine. However, in inspecting the blown engine, the engine was found to be 358.17 cubic inches, 0.17 cubic inches too big. Long was penalized 200 driver and owner points, crew chief Charles Swing was fined $200,000, and the team was suspended for 12 races, a record penalty. Long appealed and lost to the appeals board, but the National Stock Car Racing Commissioner lowered the suspension from 12 to 8 races. The appeals board also allowed Long to compete in lower-level racing series. Long still must come up with $200,000 to for the fine, which he is unsure how he will come up with. Fans have so far raised $16,000.
Coca-Cola 600.
The 50th running of the Coca-Cola 600 was scheduled to have been held on May 24 but was postponed to May 25 (Memorial Day in the USA) due to rain, marking the first time the race was held on that holiday. Kyle Busch led 173 of the 228 laps. During the last caution, David Reutimann opted not to go to his pit, a choice that led to his first Sprint Cup victory after the race was called due to rain. The race was also stopped at 3 pm US EDT to remember those who had given their lives in a moment of silence. Robby Gordon was penalized 50 owner and 50 driver points while crew chief Kirk Almquist was fined $50,000 and placed on probation until Dec. 31 after the race. Officials said the rear axle housing of the No. 7 Toyota, which was taken following a third-place finish by Gordon, exceeded the maximum specified toe of plus or minus one degree.
Failed to Qualify: J.J. Yeley (#41), Mike Garvey (#73), Todd Bodine (#64), David Starr (#06)
Autism Speaks 400.
The Autism Speaks 400 at Dover was run on May 31, 2009. This was the final race on NASCAR on Fox for the 2009 season. Jimmie Johnson came back from a bad final pit stop to win the race in a thrilling side-by-side battle with Tony Stewart at the end of the race. David Reutimann won the pole.
Failed to Qualify: Brad Keselowski (#25), Max Papis (#13), Derrike Cope (#75), David Starr No. 06
Pocono 500.
NASCAR's first points race with double-file restarts and first race of 2009 for TNT turned into a fuel-saving and fuel-conserving race. Tony Stewart took the lead on the final round of pit stops to win his first race as driver-owner, the first time a driver-owner won a race since Ricky Rudd in 1998.
Failed to Qualify: Derrike Cope (#75), Mike Wallace (#64), Tony Raines (#37)
LifeLock 400.
Jimmie Johnson dominated the race. Johnson and Greg Biffle went cat and mouse on fuel mileage late in the race, and both ran out of fuel on the last lap, allowing then-third place Mark Martin to get the win. Brian Vickers won the pole.
Failed to Qualify: Mike Skinner (#36)
Toyota/Save Mart 350.
Kasey Kahne picked up his first win in more than a year, and his first-ever win on a road course. Car owner Richard Petty returned to victory lane for the first time in 10 years. Petty had all his cars in the top 10, except for Reed Sorenson.
Failed to Qualify: Scott Speed (#82), Tom Hubert (#27), Chris Cook (#37), Brian Simo (#36)
NOTE: Scott Speed's team paid Joe Nemechek to let Speed drive his car in this race.
Lenox Industrial Tools 301.
Joey Logano, at the age of , became the youngest driver to win a Cup Race after this event was shortened due to rain. He became the third first-time Sprint Cup race winner of the season.
Failed to Qualify: Dexter Bean (#51), Ted Christopher (#27)
Coke Zero 400.
Tony Stewart, won the race by edging Kyle Busch, and Busch hit Kasey Kahne's roof, causing him to hit surrounding cars and nearly flipped his car, finishing 14th. Busch told the media several days later that Stewart should have gotten a black flag and the win would have been given to the 3rd place driver which was the position Jimmie Johnson was in before the accident happened. Stewart got the pole due to qualifying being rained out.
Failed to Qualify: Mike Wallace (#64), Max Papis (#13)
NOTE: Regan Smith's team made an agreement with Mike Wallace's team, which withdrew, allowing Smith to race.
LifeLock.com 400.
By finishing 1st and 2nd in both races sponsored by LifeLock this season, Mark Martin and Jeff Gordon win the Musgrove family $1,000,000. Martin dominated, leading 4 times for 195 laps. The race had some wild final laps, as Martin went to the lead with 15 laps left after a pass on Brian Vickers when he and Denny Hamlin touched. Jeff Gordon was the highest car with fresh tires, making up six spots in only two laps. Brian Vickers won his fifth pole of the season.
Failed to Qualify: Mike Wallace (#64), Dexter Bean (#51), Tony Raines (#37)
Allstate 400 at the Brickyard.
Juan Pablo Montoya led the most laps in a race for the first time in his career. He led 116 laps until a penalty stopped his chances of a win. Jimmie Johnson took off to the lead with 20 laps to go, holding off tenacious teammate Mark Martin for his third win of the season. Martin also won the pole.
Failed to Qualify: Sterling Marlin (#09), Max Papis (#13), Derrike Cope (#75)
Sunoco Red Cross Pennsylvania 500.
The Sunoco Red Cross Pennsylvania 500 was originally scheduled to take place on August 2, but was postponed a day due to rain. Points leader, Tony Stewart, was to start on the pole, but because he wrecked in practice, third in points, Jeff Gordon, started from point. Denny Hamlin got his fifth career win, and his first of the 2009 season after leading the most laps. It was also the first race since 2004 that only 43 cars showed up to qualify.
Failed to Qualify: None
Heluva Good! Sour Cream Dips at The Glen.
The Heluva Good! Sour Cream Dips at The Glen, the second and final road course race of the season, was held on August 10 at Watkins Glen International in the New York village of said racetrack. Jimmie Johnson won the pole for the race and after a great qualifying run, Tony Stewart won the event.
Failed to qualify: Joe Nemechek (#87), Brian Simo (#36), and David Gilliland (#70).
Reed Sorenson was suffering from inhalation of carbon monoxide during Pocono. Petty Motorsports had Jacques Villeneuve on standby.
Carfax 400.
The Carfax 400 was held August 16 at Michigan International Speedway in Brooklyn, Michigan. Team Red Bull's pole position was earned by Brian Vickers in qualifying, just as he did in 2008. Tony Stewart locked himself into the Chase with the 34 points for starting, getting a 17th place finish.
Failed to Qualify: Tony Raines (#37).
Sharpie 500.
The Sharpie 500 was held August 22 at Bristol Motor Speedway in Bristol, Tennessee. Mark Martin won the pole for this event. However Kyle Busch, after a horrible mid-season, won his second straight Bristol race, the first person to win both Cup Bristol races since 2003, which was his brother Kurt Busch.
Failed to qualify: Max Papis (#13), Mike Skinner (#36), Mike Wallace (#64), and Aric Almirola (#09).
Pep Boys Auto 500.
The Pep Boys Auto 500 was held on September 6 at Atlanta Motor Speedway in Hampton, Georgia. As part of the 2009 NASCAR realignment, this race was moved to the Labor Day weekend. Kurt Busch, who dominated the race in March, started 6th. On a double file restart with 10 to go, Kasey Kahne, who started second, took the lead from Kevin Harvick, who has been struggling this season. Kahne then held off Harvick and Juan Pablo Montoya for his second win of the season and keeping himself in contention to make the Chase.
Failed to qualify: Patrick Carpentier (#36), Tony Raines (#37), and Regan Smith (#78).
DNQ For The Chase: Dale Earnhardt Jr. (#88), Jeff Burton (#31), Kevin Harvick (#29), Joey Logano (#20).
Green indicates that the driver is in contention to make the 2009 Chase for the Sprint Cup
Yellow indicates that the driver is on the bubble to make the 2009 Chase for the Sprint Cup
Red indicates that the driver is eliminated from the Chase
Chevy Rock & Roll 400.
The final "regular season" race, the Chevy Rock and Roll 400, was held on Saturday, September 12, 2009. This race set the field for the 2009 Chase for the Sprint Cup with the top 12 drivers being eligible, and having their points reset to 5,000 with a ten-point bonus for each win they earned in the first 26 races of the season.
"Out of Chase": Kyle Busch (#18), Matt Kenseth (#17), David Reutimann (#00), Clint Bowyer (#33)
Rookie of the Year.
The clear favorite for Rookie of the year was 18-year-old standout Joey Logano. Despite struggling early in the year, Logano became the youngest winner in Sprint Cup Series history by winning the rain shortened Lenox Industrial Tools 301. The other competitors, former Formula 1 driver Scott Speed and Max Papis, struggled to adjust to stock cars.

</doc>
<doc id="18436346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18436346" title="GraphSLAM">
GraphSLAM

In robotics, GraphSLAM is a Simultaneous localization and mapping algorithm which uses sparse information matrices produced by generating a graph of observation interdependencies (two observations are related if they contain data about the same landmark).

</doc>
<doc id="18436353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18436353" title="EKF SLAM">
EKF SLAM

In robotics, EKF SLAM is a class of algorithms which utilizes the extended Kalman filter (EKF) for simultaneous localization and mapping (SLAM). Typically, EKF SLAM algorithms are feature based, and use the maximum likelihood algorithm for data association. For the past decade, the EKF SLAM has been the de facto method for SLAM, until the introduction of FastSLAM.
Associated with the EKF is the gaussian noise assumption, which significantly impairs EKF SLAM's ability to deal with uncertainty. With greater amount of uncertainty in the posterior, the linearization in the EKF fails.

</doc>
<doc id="18436365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18436365" title="Kaʻala">
Kaʻala

Mount Kaala or Kaala (pronounced in Hawaiian) is the highest mountain on the island of Oahu, at . It is a part of the Waianae Range, an eroded shield volcano which is located on the west side of the island. The FAA maintains an active tracking station at the summit, which is closed to the general public and secured by the US Army which is stationed just on the base of the mountain, at Schofield Barracks. The tracking station can be clearly seen from afar as a white domed shaped structure.

</doc>
<doc id="18436389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18436389" title="David Andersson">
David Andersson

David Andersson (born December 25, 1981)
is a Swedish orienteering competitor and European champion.
He received a gold medal in "relay" at the European Orienteering Championships in 2006 in Otepää, together with Niclas Jonasson and Peter Öberg. 
He received a silver medal in "relay" at the 2007 World Orienteering Championships in Kiev, together with Peter Öberg and Emil Wingstedt. 
He received a gold medal at the 2001 Junior World Ski Orienteering Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="18436393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18436393" title="SMS Tiger (1887)">
SMS Tiger (1887)

SMS "Tiger" was a so-called "torpedo ram cruiser" ("Torpedo-Rammkreuzer") of the Austro-Hungarian Navy. An enlarged and improved version of "Panther" and "Leopard" she
was part of a program to build up Austria-Hungary's feet of torpedo craft in the 1880s. In 1906 she was converted to an admiralty yacht and renamed SMS "Lacroma."
As envisaged by the Austro-Hungarian Navy Commander ("Marinekommandant"), Vice Admiral Maximilian Daublebsky von Sterneck, "Tiger" would have a reinforced bow for ramming as well as torpedoes for attacking larger warships. She also would be small and fast enough to undertake patrol and reconnaissance duties. "Tiger's" design encompassed three weapons that fascinated naval theorists of the day--the ram, the torpedo, and the gun.
Built by Stabilimento Tecnico Triestino at San Rocco, "Tiger" was launched on 28 June 1887.
A steel-hulled vessel of 1,657 tons, she measured five inches (127 mm) in length with a beam of nine inches (229 mm) and a draft of five inches (127 mm) . Propulsion was supplied by two compound steam engines with four double-ended boilers, producing for a speed of . "Tiger" had a lower profile but the same pronounced ram bow as "Panther" and "Leopard" The crew comprised 188 officers and men.
"Tiger's" armament consisted of four 12 cm Krupp guns on hull sponsons, six 4.7 cm quick-firing
guns, four 4.7 cm revolver cannon and four torpedo tubes. Like "Panther" and "Leopard," "Tiger" was employed at first as leader of a division of torpedo boats. Later, she alternated between service on various stations, training cruises, and flag-showing visits.
"Tiger" was converted into an admiralty yacht in 1905-06 with her armament reduced to four 4.7 cm Skoda guns and four 4.7 cm Hotchkiss guns. The hull sponsons were removed with their associated guns. On 16th February 1909 the German gun-boat 'Tiger' is recorded visiting Lahadatu, British Northern Borneo, Captain Ackerman in command, the Prince of Hesse was a Midshipman on board. She stayed for two days and left for Manila on 19th February. She was renamed "Lacroma" in 1906.
In 1915 "Lacroma" was completely disarmed and handed over to the new Yugoslav Navy in 1919. She was ceded to Italy in 1920 and scrapped there.

</doc>
<doc id="18436402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18436402" title="250 prosent">
250 prosent

250 prosent ("250 percent") is a live album by Norwegian alternative rock group Kaizers Orchestra. Released exclusively on vinyl and as a digital download from various sites, the release features recordings of ten songs (with one bonus track on digital versions purchased in the iTunes Store), recorded at various concerts held during the tour for the band's fourth album, "Maskineri", which lasted from February to May 2008.
The name of the album is a reference to the introduction of their organist, Helge Risa (who is seen on the cover), featured in live performances of "Kontroll på kontinentet". Risa is billed from Transylvania and is also called "Mr. 250 prosent".
Background.
To tie in with Kaizers Orchestra's upcoming tour of Europe in October and November 2008, the band wanted to release a new recording. At the start of the "Maskineri" tour, the band purchased a machine that records straight from the audio mixing console and the band recorded every concert they held. The band announced "250 prosent", a collection of twelve recordings from various concerts. Their original plan was to include recordings of the band's three favorite songs from each of their four albums, "Ompa til du dør", "Evig pint", "Maestro" and "Maskineri". When the track list was released it was clear they had changed those plans.
The decision to release it as a vinyl was made by the band's frontman Janove Ottesen, who had recently grown fond of the aged medium. The band had also released the tracks "Apokalyps meg" and "Du og meg Lou" as a vinyl single earlier that year.
Track listing.
Lyrics for all songs are in the Norwegian language. Lyrics and music by Janove Ottesen, unless otherwise noted.

</doc>
<doc id="18436409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18436409" title="Dutch Open Computer Chess Championship">
Dutch Open Computer Chess Championship

The Dutch open computer chess championship is a chess tournament for computer chess programs. It is organised yearly by the CSVN (Computer Chess Association of the Netherlands) around October or November. The first edition was played in 1981. 

</doc>
<doc id="18436413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18436413" title="United Township High School">
United Township High School

United Township High School, also known as UTHS or UT, is a public four-year high school located in East Moline, Illinois, a city in Rock Island County, in the United States. The school is the only public high school in the city of East Moline, and is part of United Township High School District 30. UTHS is served by the feeder schools of East Moline School District #37, which provide elementary and middle school educations for the residents of Silvis, Carbon Cliff, and Hampton in Rock Island County, and the city of Colona in Henry County.
Academics.
United Township High School provides course work in the following academic departments:
Athletics.
United Township High School participates in the Illinois High School Association (IHSA) and is a member of the Western Big 6 Conference. The school fields teams in 13 IHSA sponsored athletics: 
Conference Championships.
The accomplishments of the many UTHS Sports over years. The Boy's Track and Field Team has won the last 5 Western Big 6 conference titles. Wrestling held an 8 year conference winning streak. Girls basketball 2008-09 season going undefeated 20-0.
State Championships.
At the conclusion of the 2009-2010 academic year, United Township High School has won 3 Illinois state titles in IHSA sponsored team athletics:
Activities.
United Township High School provides activities both sponsored by IHSA, and not. UT won the IHSA sponsored Illinois state title for Drama in 1947-1948. IHSA sponsored activities available to students include:
Other available activities include:

</doc>
<doc id="18436421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18436421" title="Hi Hamtaro! Little Hamsters Big Adventure">
Hi Hamtaro! Little Hamsters Big Adventure

, known as Hi! Hamtaro Ham-Ham Challenge in North America, is a puzzle game for the Nintendo DS made by AlphaDream and published by Marvelous in Japan, 505 Games in PAL regions, and Natsume in North America. It is a sequel to ', ', ' (which was shared with American), ', and the Japan-only "Tottoko Hamtaro Nazonazo Q: Question Castle in the Clouds", and is based on the anime series "Hamtaro". The game was released in Japan on March 15, 2007, in Europe on May 23, 2008 and in North America on September 23, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18436426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18436426" title="A Piece of What You Need">
A Piece of What You Need

A Piece of What You Need is the fourth studio album by singer-songwriter Teddy Thompson. The album contains all new Teddy originals and was produced by Marius De Vries, whom Teddy met while recording background vocals on Rufus Wainwright's "Want" records in 2002. Included are new songs Teddy had been testing out live, such as "Turning the Gun On Myself", "In My Arms" and "Can't Sing Straight".
The album debuted on the UK Albums Chart at #10. The first single from "A Piece of What You Need" is "In My Arms". The music video features a cameo appearance by Rufus Wainwright dressed up as Elvis Presley. The song entered the UK Singles Chart at #107.
The song "Turning the Gun on Myself" contains a slowed down gunshot adding a percussion-effect along with the drums on the track.
Track listing.
- "Hidden Track:" "The Price of Love" (The Everly Brothers) with Ed Harcourt
iTunes Bonus Track: "Long Life"

</doc>
<doc id="18436428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18436428" title="Michele Serra">
Michele Serra

Michele Serra (born 10 July 1954) is an Italian writer, journalist and satirist.
Biography.
Serra was born in Rome, but moved to Milan in 1959. In 1975 he started working for "L'Unità", then the official newspaper of the Italian Communist Party (PCI), of which he had become a the previous year. Serra is a long-time left-wing supporter, although he abandoned PCI's successor, the Partito Democratico della Sinistra, in 1991, because of dissent against the party's directions.
In 1986 he began to write satire for "L'Unità" satiric supplement "Tango", winning the Satire Prize Forte dei Marmi the same year. In 1987 he also started collaborating for Mondadori's weekly "Epoca", but abandoned it in 1990, when the publisher house was acquired by right-winged tycoon Silvio Berlusconi. 
In 1989 "Tango" was replaced by "Cuore" as "L'Unitàs satirical supplement, and Serra was appointed by Massimo D'Alema as its director. "Cuore" was published weekly independently starting from 1991. In the same period Serra also began to write for Beppe Grillo's TV appearances and stage shows. In 1989 he published his first book, a short story collection entitled "Il nuovo che avanza" (""The advancing new"").
On 7 June 1992 Serra began a popular satire column for "L'Unità", entitled "Che tempo fa" accompanied by Ellekappa's comics. In 1994 he abandoned the direction of "Cuore" and, in 1996, began to collaborate for the newspaper "La Repubblica" and for the weekly "L'Espresso", for which he continues to write as of 2008. Serra's first novel, "Il ragazzo mucca", was published in September 1997.
In the following years Serra wrote for numerous TV and theatre shows, including Fabio Fazio's "Che tempo che fa".

</doc>
<doc id="18436441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18436441" title="GNO">
GNO

GNO may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18436442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18436442" title="2005–06 Maltese Second Division">
2005–06 Maltese Second Division

The Maltese Second Division 2005-06 (known as BOV Second Division 2005-06 due to sponsorship reasons) started on 24 September 2005 and ended on 8 May 2006.
Participating Teams.
The Maltese Second Division 2005-06 was made up of these teams:
2005-06 standings.
Pld = Matches played; W = Matches won; D = Matches drawn; L = Matches lost; F = Goals for; A = Goals against; GD = Goal difference; Pts = PointsC = Champions; R = Relegated; RP = Relegation playoffs
2005/2006 Results.
"To read this table, the home team is listed in the left-hand column."

</doc>
<doc id="18436459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18436459" title="Extended Kalman filter">
Extended Kalman filter

In estimation theory, the extended Kalman filter (EKF) is the nonlinear version of the Kalman filter which linearizes about an estimate of the current mean and covariance. In the case of well defined transition models, the EKF has been considered the "de facto" standard in the theory of nonlinear state estimation, navigation systems and GPS.
History.
The papers establishing the mathematical foundations of Kalman type filters were published between 1959 and 1961. The primary drawback of the Kalman Filter is that it is the optimal estimate for linear
system models with additive independent white noise in both the transition and the measurement systems.
Unfortunately in engineering most systems are nonlinear, so some attempt was immediately made to apply
this filtering method to nonlinear systems. Most of this work was done at NASA Ames. The EKF which adapted techniques, namely multivariate Taylor Series expansions, from calculus to linearize about a working point became the working solution. If the system model (as described below) is not well known or is inaccurate, then Monte Carlo methods, especially particle filters are employed for estimation. Monte Carlo techniques predate the existence of the EKF but are more computationally expensive for any moderately dimensioned state-space.
Formulation.
In the extended Kalman filter, the state transition and observation models need not be linear functions of the state but may instead be differentiable functions.
Where w"k" and v"k" are the process and observation noises which are both assumed to be zero mean multivariate Gaussian noises with covariance Q"k" and R"k" respectively.
The function "f" can be used to compute the predicted state from the previous estimate and similarly the function "h" can be used to compute the predicted measurement from the predicted state. However, "f" and "h" cannot be applied to the covariance directly. Instead a matrix of partial derivatives (the Jacobian) is computed.
At each time step, the Jacobian is evaluated with current predicted states. These matrices can be used in the Kalman filter equations. This process essentially linearizes the non-linear function around the current estimate.
Discrete-time predict and update equations.
Update.
where the state transition and observation matrices are defined to be the following Jacobians
Higher-order extended Kalman filters.
The above recursion is a first-order extended Kalman filter (EKF). Higher order EKFs may be obtained by retaining more terms of the Taylor series expansions. For example, second and third order EKFs are described in 
. However, higher order EKFs tend to only provide performance benefits when the measurement noise is small.
Non-additive noise formulation and equations.
The typical formulation of the EKF involves the assumption of additive process and measurement noise. This assumption, however, is not necessary for EKF implementation. Instead, consider a more general system of the form:
Where w"k" and v"k" are the process and observation noises which are both assumed to be zero mean multivariate Gaussian noises with covariance Q"k" and R"k" respectively. Then the covariance prediction and innovation equations become
where the matrices formula_9 and formula_10 are Jacobian matrices:
The predicted state estimate and measurement residual are evaluated at the mean of the process and measurement noise terms, which is assumed to be zero. Otherwise, the non-additive noise formulation is implemented in the same manner as the additive noise EKF.
Continuous-time extended Kalman filter.
Model
Initialize
Predict-Update
Unlike discrete-time extended Kalman filter, the prediction and update steps are coupled in continuous-time extended Kalman filter.
Discrete-time extended Kalman filter.
Most physical systems are represented as continuous-time models while discrete-time measurements are frequently taken for state estimation via a digital processor. Therefore, the system model and measurement model are given by
where formula_17.
Initialize
Predict
where
Update
where
The update equations are identical to those of discrete-time extended Kalman filter.
Disadvantages of the extended Kalman filter.
Unlike its linear counterpart, the extended Kalman filter in general is "not" an optimal estimator (of course it is optimal if the measurement and the state transition model are both linear, as in that case the extended Kalman filter is identical to the regular one). In addition, if the initial estimate of the state is wrong, or if the process is modeled incorrectly, the filter may quickly diverge, owing to its linearization. Another problem with the extended Kalman filter is that the estimated covariance matrix tends to underestimate the true covariance matrix and therefore risks becoming inconsistent in the statistical sense without the addition of "stabilising noise".
Having stated this, the extended Kalman filter can give reasonable performance, and is arguably the "de facto" standard in navigation systems and GPS.
Robust extended Kalman filters.
The extended Kalman filter arises by linearizing the signal model about the current state estimate and using the linear Kalman filter to predict the next estimate. This attempts to produce a locally optimal filter, however, it is not necessarily stable because the solutions of the underlying Riccati equation are not guaranteed to be positive definite. One way of improving performance is the faux algebraic Riccati technique 
which trades off optimality for stability. The familiar structure of the extended Kalman filter is retained but stability is achieved by selecting a positive definite solution to a faux algebraic Riccati equation for the gain design.
Another way of improving extended Kalman filter performance is to employ the H-infinity results from robust control. Robust filters are obtained by adding a positive definite term to the design Riccati equation. The additional term is parametrized by a scalar which the designer may tweak to achieve a trade-off between mean-square-error and peak error performance criteria.
Unscented Kalman filters.
A nonlinear Kalman filter which shows promise as an improvement over the EKF is the unscented Kalman filter (UKF). In the UKF, the probability density is approximated by a deterministic sampling of points which represent the underlying distribution as a Gaussian. The nonlinear transformation of these points are intended to be an estimation of the posterior distribution, the moments of which can then be derived from the transformed samples. The transformation is known as the unscented transform. The UKF tends to be more robust and more accurate than the EKF in its estimation of error.
"The extended Kalman filter (EKF) is probably the most widely used estimation algorithm for nonlinear systems. However, more than 35 years of experience in the estimation community has shown that is difficult to implement, difficult to tune, and only reliable for systems that are almost linear on the time scale of the updates. Many of these difficulties arise from its use of linearization."
A recent paper includes simulation results which suggest that some published variants of the UKF fail to be as accurate as the Second Order Extended Kalman Filter (SOEKF), called also the augmented Kalman filter. The SOEKF predates the UKF by approximately 35 years with the moment dynamics first described by Bass et al. The difficulty in implementing any Kalman-type filters for nonlinear state transitions stems from the numerical stability issues required for precision, however the UKF does not escape this difficulty in that it uses linearization as well, namely linear regression. The stability issues for the UKF generally stem from the numerical approximation to the square root of the covariance matrix, whereas the stability issues for both the EKF and the SOEKF stem from possible issues in the Taylor Series approximation along the trajectory.
Invariant extended Kalman filter.
The invariant extended Kalman filter (IEKF) is a modified version of the EKF for nonlinear systems possessing symmetries (or "invariances"). It combines the advantages of both the EKF and the recently introduced symmetry-preserving filters. Indeed, instead of using a linear correction term based on a linear output error, it uses a geometrically adapted correction term based on an invariant output error; in the same way the gain matrix is not updated from a linear state error, but from an invariant state error. The main benefit is that the gain and covariance equations converge to constant values on a much bigger set of trajectories than equilibrium points as it is the case for the EKF, which results in a better convergence of the estimation.

</doc>
<doc id="18436471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18436471" title="Peter Öberg (orienteer)">
Peter Öberg (orienteer)

Peter Öberg (born April 17, 1980) is a Swedish orienteering competitor and European champion.
He received a gold medal in "relay" at the European Orienteering Championships in 2006 in Otepää, together with Niclas Jonasson and David Andersson. 
He received a silver medal in "relay" at the 2007 World Orienteering Championships in Kiev, together with David Andersson and Emil Wingstedt.
Peter runs for the club OK Hällen in Stigtomta.

</doc>
<doc id="18436479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18436479" title="WAOV">
WAOV

WAOV (1450 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a News Talk Information format. Licensed to Vincennes, Indiana, USA. The station is currently owned by The Original Company, Inc. and features programing from AP Radio, ESPN Radio and Premiere Radio Networks.
The call letters WAOV come from the popular 1900 novel "Alice of Old Vincennes" by Maurice Thompson, and was adopted when the station originated in 1940.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18436490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18436490" title="2008 COSAFA Cup">
2008 COSAFA Cup

The 2008 COSAFA Cup is the 12th edition of the football tournament that involves teams from Southern Africa.
Due to their internal competitions calendar, Angola decided to send their under-20 national team to play in this tournament and South Africa will play with a "Development XI"; therefore matches involving Angola and South Africa will not count towards FIFA ranking according to FIFA.
South Africa won the tournament defeating Mozambique 2-1 in the final
Qualifying.
Took place between 19–24 July, group winners qualified for the final tournament.
Final tournament.
Angola, Zambia, South Africa, Mozambique, Zimbabwe and Botswana were seeded directly for the quarter finals according to FIFA World Rankings of April 2008. This decision was made May 21, 2008 and confirmed on July 7, 2008.. The actual draw for the 2 qualifying groups and the quarter finals according to these seeds was held on June 10, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18436515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18436515" title="Tornadoes in the United States">
Tornadoes in the United States

Tornadoes are more common in the United States than in any other country. The United States receives more than 1,200 tornadoes annually—four times the amount seen in Europe. Violent tornadoes—those rated EF4 or EF5 on the Enhanced Fujita Scale—occur more often in the United States than in any other country.
Most tornadoes in the United States occur east of the Rocky Mountains. The Great Plains, the Midwest, the Mississippi Valley and the southern United States are all areas that are vulnerable to tornadoes. They are relatively rare west of the Rockies and are also less frequent in the northeastern states. Tornado Alley is a colloquial term for an area particularly prone to tornadoes. There is no officially defined 'Tornado Alley' - at its broadest this area stretches from Texas to Canada with its core centered on Oklahoma, Kansas and northern Texas. Another highly significant region - colloquially known as Dixie Alley - is the southern United States and particularly the northern and central parts of Alabama and Mississippi. Florida is one of the most tornado prone states. However, Florida tornadoes only rarely approach the strength of those that occur elsewhere.
Although favorable conditions for tornadoes in the United States can occur at any time, they are most common in spring and least common in winter. Because spring is a transitional period for the climate, there are more chances of cooler air meeting with warmer air, resulting in more thunderstorms. Tornadoes can also be spawned by landfalling tropical cyclones, which usually occur in late summer and autumn. In the United States, thunderstorms capable of producing tornadoes usually form when the temperature is at its highest, typically from 4:00 p.m. to 7:00 p.m.
Although the period in which most tornadoes strike ("tornado season") is March through August, tornadoes - including violent tornadoes and major tornado outbreaks - have been documented in the United States during every month of the year. Two examples of this are when a series of tornadoes hit the state of Indiana on November 22, 1992, and injured at least nine people. Another notable non-season tornado was on December 9, 1991, where a tornado struck the area of McLean County, Illinois. Even though the tornado was during a winter month, it blew 20 railroad cars off their tracks, and hauled a camper over 100 yards (91 m).
During the winter months of the year, tornadoes have been known to hit the Southern United States and Southeastern United States the most, but have hit other areas as well. One notable recent example of a winter tornado outbreak was the 2008 Super Tuesday tornado outbreak on February 5 and February 6, 2008. 84 tornadoes occurred over the course of the outbreak. The storm system produced several destructive tornadoes in heavily populated areas, most notably in the Memphis metropolitan area, in Jackson, Tennessee, and the northeastern end of the Nashville metropolitan area. At least 57 people were killed across four states and 18 counties, with hundreds of others injured. The outbreak was the deadliest of the modern NEXRAD doppler radar era, until the 2011 Super Outbreak killed over 300 people in April 2011. It was the largest single outbreak since the May 31, 1985 outbreak, which killed 76 across Ohio and Pennsylvania, as well claiming 12 victims in Ontario, Canada. It was also the deadliest outbreak in both Tennessee and Kentucky since the 1974 Super Outbreak.
Usually, tornadoes hit specific areas of the United States in specific seasons. During the winter months, tornadoes are usually spotted in the Southern area of the country, as well as states near the Gulf of Mexico. This is due to cold air moving southward reaching its southern limit of expansion, and stopping over the Gulf Coast. As spring comes, hot air progressively moves back into the Gulf Coast. This pushes the mass of colder air forward out of the Gulf States and into the Southeastern states, where tornado frequency is highest in April.
As spring passes and summer begins, the mass of warm moist air moves northwest into the Great Plains and Midwestern states. During the months of May and June, tornado activity is as its peak in the southern Great Plains. The air mass then moves northward into the Northern Great Plains and the Great Lakes area, causing a tornado activity peak in these areas during the summer months. During the late summer and early fall months, tornado activity in the United States tapers off. This is due to the relatively small difference between the temperature at the boundary of the hot air mass and the cool air mass at that time and an extension of the Bermuda High sitting over parts of the United States. Though there may be some thunderstorms, they don't often become severe enough to spawn tornadoes.
Tornadoes may be formed out of season, especially during the months of hurricane season in the Gulf Coast states and Southeastern states. Because these areas are prone to hurricanes, they may be struck with tornadoes that are spawned from hurricanes. Tornadoes are most likely to form in the right-front quadrant of the hurricane, but can also form in rain bands associated with the storm. This is caused by the large amount of vertical wind shear to the right of the storm. Tornadoes are also spawned from U.S. hurricanes due to the moistness of the air at the landfall of the storm, which makes conditions favorable for a supercell storm to develop within the hurricane.
Regional activity.
Tornadoes have been documented in every U.S. state (not including the non-state territories of Guam, the Virgin Islands, American Samoa, and Puerto Rico) at least once since 1950, although some regions and states are hit by tornadoes far more than others. For example, the average number of tornadoes to hit the states of Alaska, Rhode Island, and Vermont is less than one, while the state of Oklahoma receives an average of 52 tornadoes per year, and the state of Texas is hit with 126 tornadoes in an average year. The state with the most tornadoes per unit area is Florida, though most are weak tornadoes of EF0 or EF1 intensity. A number of Florida's tornadoes occur along the edge of hurricanes that strike the state. The state with the highest number of strong tornadoes per unit area is Oklahoma. States such as Oklahoma and Kansas have much lower population densities than Florida, so tornadoes may go unreported.
Midwest.
The Midwestern states are very prone to tornado activity, as it is part of "Tornado Alley." States included in the area that are hit by tornadoes the most are Kansas, Missouri, Nebraska, Iowa, and South Dakota. The Midwestern States are often hit by tornadoes during the late spring and early summer months, especially the months of May and June. This is due to the aforementioned air mass moving northward into the Midwest and combining with another air mass that move southward from Canada. This creates unstable air, creating the potential for storms to strike the most during these months. The frequency begins to decrease in the middle of the summer, as the air mass mover northward into the Great Lakes states.
A very notable recent storm that his hit this area was the Greensburg tornado, in the May 2007 Tornado Outbreak. The tornado apparently strengthened as it neared Greensburg, and at 9:38 pm CDT (0238 UTC), storm chasers reported that it had grown to over in diameter. Several satellite tornadoes were observed as the very large wedge approached the town of Greensburg. It was an estimated in diameter and was later confirmed to have been an EF5 on the Enhanced Fujita Scale (the highest possible rating). Based on the damage produced, winds inside the tornado were estimated to have been in excess of 205 mph (330 km/h).
Nebraska is fifth overall for sheer numbers of tornadoes, while Indiana has had 88 violent tornado reports from the 1950–2006 period, more than any state except Oklahoma. Iowa reported 83, almost as many as Texas. The deadliest tornado in US history, the Tri-State Tornado, struck Missouri, Illinois, and Indiana in March 1925. St. Louis, Missouri and neighboring East St. Louis, Illinois have been hit more than once by violent tornadoes, the most notorious of which was the St. Louis Tornado of May 1896. The New Richmond Tornado of May 1899 and the Flint, Michigan tornado of June 1953 also rank amongst the deadliest tornadoes in US history. The region was badly hit by the Palm Sunday Tornado Outbreak in April 1965 and by the Super Outbreak of April 1974. According to NCDC figures for the 1950 to 2006 period, Nebraska reported 2,440 tornadoes followed by Iowa (2,185), Illinois (2,086), Missouri (1,922), South Dakota (1,487), Minnesota (1,477), Indiana (1,327), North Dakota (1,216), Wisconsin (1,185), Michigan (981), and Ohio (916).
South.
The Southern United States has suffered more tornado fatalities than any other part of the country. Some areas experience repeated damaging tornado events, such as the Tennessee Valley in northern Alabama. The state of Alabama is tied for the most reported F5 tornadoes. For the period 1950 to 2006, three hundred and fifty eight people were killed by tornadoes in Alabama, ranking the state third nationwide behind Texas (521) and neighboring Mississippi (404). Fourth is Arkansas (336) and fifth is Tennessee with 271 fatalities.
Tornado disasters to affect the southern USA include the Great Natchez Tornado of May 1840 - second deadliest on record in the US, behind only the Tri-State Tornado. Other outbreaks included the Tupelo-Gainesville tornado outbreak of April 1936, the 1908 Southeast tornado outbreak of April 1908 and the Candlestick Park Tornado of 1966. Alabama and Kentucky were very badly affected by the Super Outbreak of 1974. The 2008 Super Tuesday tornado outbreak was the deadliest tornado outbreak in the USA in 23 years. 58 people lost their lives with Tennessee, Arkansas, and Kentucky particularly badly affected.
Hurricanes and other tropical storms can also generate tornadoes. Louisiana and the coastal regions of Mississippi and Alabama are most at risk from these storms. The Atlantic seaboard states can be affected too. According to NCDC figures for the 1950 to 2006 period, Mississippi reported 1,787 tornadoes, followed by Arkansas (1,644), Louisiana (1,608), Alabama (1,579), Georgia (1,324), North Carolina (1,042), Tennessee (892), South Carolina (819), Kentucky (710) and Virginia (565). West Virginia, by contrast, is one of the least vulnerable states of all with just 120 tornadoes reported over the period.
East and Northeast.
The Northeastern U.S. to the east of the Appalachian Mountains is much less vulnerable to violent tornadoes but is by no means immune. One of the most extraordinary tornadoes in history struck Worcester, Massachusetts. This F4 tornado struck the city on 9 June 1953 and killed 90 people. The tornado was generated by the same storm system that delivered a devastating tornado to the town of Flint, Michigan.
Areas further south - notably Pennsylvania and Maryland - and areas to the west of the Appalachians are more vulnerable to tornadoes. NCDC figures for the period 1950 to 2006 show that Pennsylvania reported 697 tornadoes, followed by New York State (358), Maryland (269), Massachusetts (153), New Jersey (144), Maine (101), New Hampshire (86), Connecticut (82), Delaware (58), Vermont (37), Rhode Island (9), and the District of Columbia (1).
The worst tornado outbreak in the Northeast occurred in Pennsylvania on May 31, 1985, and produced the only F5 tornado in the region to date.
Florida is one of the most tornado prone states, with only Texas, Kansas and Oklahoma reporting more storms. During the period 1950 to 2006, Florida reported 2,884 tornadoes according to NCDC figures. However, Florida tornadoes are usually weak in comparison with those that strike the Plains and the Southern states - there have been only four reports of F4 strength tornadoes since 1950 and none of F5 strength. Florida experiences more thunderstorms than any other state but fewer supercell storms. Florida tornadoes are more often spawned by the frequent ordinary thunderstorms that occur over the state. Hurricanes and other tropical storms can generate large numbers of tornadoes. Non-supercell tornadoes are rarely as strong as supercell-generated storms.
Florida's most violent tornadoes generally occur during the winter months, when the state is most vulnerable to invasions of cold air that help generate such storms. In recent years there have been some particularly disastrous tornado events. During the night of February 22 and 23, 1998, an F3 tornado struck Kissimmee and killed 25 people. Later that night, another F3 tornado struck Seminole and Volusia counties and killed 13 people (see Kissimmee Tornado Outbreak). On February 2, 2007, an EF3 tornado struck Lake County with 21 fatalities resulting - see 2007 Central Florida Tornadoes.
West and Southwest.
Of the states around the Rocky Mountains, Colorado reports by far the greatest numbers of tornadoes. Eastern Colorado, both climatically and physically, has much more in common with the neighboring Plains states of Kansas and Nebraska than with the mountainous areas further west. The same can be said, to a lesser extent, of eastern Wyoming. Tornadoes are less frequent in mountainous areas. Of the states in this region - according to NCDC figures for the 1950 to 2006 period - Colorado reported 1,617 tornadoes, followed by Wyoming with 560, Montana (345), Idaho (175), and Utah (114).
In the Southwestern United States, New Mexico reported 485 tornadoes during the 1950 to 2006 period (NCDC figures), California reported 355, Arizona reported 209, and Nevada reported 75. New Mexico borders the notoriously tornado prone states of Texas and Oklahoma, hence the noticeably higher figures. Arizona and New Mexico experience regular summer thunderstorms during their monsoon season. These are sometimes tornadic but rarely produce violent tornadoes.
The Pacific Northwest is perhaps the least vulnerable region. NCDC figures for the 1950 too 2006 period show that Washington reported just 96 tornadoes for the entire period and that Oregon reported 91. However, Portland, Oregon and neighboring Vancouver, Washington were hit by a deadly tornado on 5 April 1972. This storm was the deadliest to hit the United States that year.
Alaska and Hawaii.
Alaska has only been hit by 2 tornadoes between 1950 and 2006 (the first being November 4, 1959 and the other was August 2, 2005); both were only F0. Hawaii has only been hit by 49 tornadoes since 1950.
Intensity.
In the United States, tornadoes have been known to form at high and low intensities. The probability of a high intensity or violent tornado differs by location across the country. For example, due to the high frequency of tornadoes in the "Tornado Alley" area mentioned before, a more violent tornado would be more likely to form there due to the strength of the thunderstorms produced by the two bordering air masses. The states are with highest number of F5 and EF5 rated tornadoes since data was available in 1950 are Alabama and Oklahoma, each with seven tornadoes. Iowa, Kansas, and Texas each are tied for second most with six. The state with the highest number of F5 and EF5 tornadoes per square mile, however, was Iowa. The state with the most number of tornadoes classified as "violent", or F4 and F5, is Kentucky, and the state with the highest average intensity ranking for tornadoes is Alabama.
Tornadoes that are classified as EF4 and EF5 (or "violent tornadoes") on the Enhanced Fujita Scale only account for an average of two percent of all tornadoes in the United States each year. However, these high intensity storms do account for an average of seventy percent of all tornado-related deaths in the United States each year. These storms can have winds of over 200 miles per hour (90 m/s) and stay on the ground for over an hour.
The United States has seen 58 F5 and EF5 (the highest intensity and damage ranking) tornadoes since records began in 1950. No tornadoes prior to 1950 were officially ranked F5, due to inadequate engineering data and other information on the historical tornadoes. From 1950–1970 tornadoes were assessed retrogressively, primarily using information recorded in government databases, and newspaper photographs and descriptions. Beginning in 1971, tornadoes were rated by the NWS using on-site damage surveys.
There was a tornado that almost added an F6 rating to the Fujita scale. On May 3, 1999, a very powerful tornado struck the town of Moore, Oklahoma. This storm was a part of the 1999 Oklahoma tornado outbreak, which also brought many violent storms to the states of Kansas, Arkansas, and Tennessee. In total, the storm produced 66 tornadoes over four states. The near F6 storm took place near the town of Bridge Creek, Oklahoma, located in Grady County and the aforementioned Moore is two counties over in Cleveland County. During the storm, a group of students in meteorology from the University of Oklahoma had chased the storm on a Doppler on Wheels (or DOW), which scans storms while attached to a car. Doppler on Wheels data from the nearby storm revealed winds over 318 miles per hour (142 m/s), which was over the wind speed in the F5 classification of that time. Though the wind speed was over the F5 maximum, the tornado was not named the first ever F6 storm. Other scientists reviewed the DOW data taken by the students, and concluded that the estimated wind speed may have been inaccurate, but still over 300 miles per hour (130 m/s). Also, the wind speed recorded was taken from over 200 feet (60 m) above ground level. The National Weather Service also did a damage check, and found that the damage was that of an average F5 tornado.
Impacts.
Injuries and fatalities.
The United States receives over 80 deaths and 1,500 injuries associated with tornadoes each year. According to the National Oceanic Atmospheric Administration, most tornado deaths are caused by people not following instructions on what to do the right way. They also mention that some people are not even warned that a tornadic storm is coming, while others get a warning, but do not believe that a tornado will hit their area. In 2012, 68 people were killed by tornadoes in the United States. Kentucky was the state with the most fatalities, having 22. Kentucky was followed by Indiana (13), Illinois (9), Missouri and Oklahoma (6), Ohio (4), Alabama and Tennessee (3), and Florida and Kansas (1).
Over 39 percent of all tornado-related deaths and many injuries come from residents of mobile homes. It is a widespread myth that tornadoes are "attracted" to mobile home parks, and cause the most fatalities there because they hit there the most. This is not true. However, mobile homes do often have poor construction and do not provide adequate protection during a tornado event. An example to confirm this occurred on April 1991, when a very powerful tornado attacked the town of Andover, Kansas. When the town was hit, eighty-four homes and fourteen businesses were destroyed by the tornado, but with no fatalities and only minor injuries. After the tornado hit Andover, it swept through a mobile home park consisting of 223 trailers. The park did have a tornado shelter, to which over 200 residents fled and survived without injuries. Others that did not take shelter in the tornado shelter stayed in their mobile homes, and thirteen of them were killed by the tornado.
Forecasting.
Until recently there was little hope of forecasting these systems. Meteorologists could identify those conditions that were likely to produce severe weather and generate a watch. If a tornado was spotted a warning was issued. 
More recently Doppler radar allows investigators to see a circulation develop in the storm. Because of their size and intensity, there are 
few storm observations. Increasing information has been gathered in the field from those chasing the storm.

</doc>
<doc id="18436519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18436519" title="3,3'-Dichlorobenzidine">
3,3'-Dichlorobenzidine

3,3'-Dichlorobenzidine is an organic compound with the formula (C6H4Cl(NH2))2. The pure compound is pale yellow, but commercial samples are often colored. It is barely soluble in water and is often suppled as a wet paste. It is widely used in the production of diarylide dyes and diarylide yellow pigments used in the production of printing inks. 
Preparation and reactions.
3,3'-Dichlorobenzidine is prepared in two steps from 2-nitrochlorobenzene. The first step involves reduction with zinc in base to afford 3,3'-dichlorodiphenylhydrazine. This intermediate undergoes the benzidine rearrangement to afford 3,3'-dichlorobenzidine. 
Aqueous solutions of 3,3'-dichlorobenzidine degrade in light to monochloro derivative. It undergoes chlorination (for example in water treatment plants) to give the tetrachloro derivative. 
The most widely practiced reaction of 3,3'-dichlorobenzidine is its double diazotization to afford [(C6H4Cl(N2))2]2+. This intermediate is then coupled to derivatives of acetoacetylaminobenzene (CH3C(O)CH2C(O)NHAr).
Safety.
3,3'-Dichlorobenzidine is considered a carcinogen. It contains two benzene rings. This compound has been shown to increase the incidence of tumors in animals. Because it is structurally similar to benzidine, a known carcinogen, it is believed that it may share a similar mechanism in causing bladder cancer in humans.

</doc>
<doc id="18436532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18436532" title="WARU (AM)">
WARU (AM)

WARU (1600 AM) is a radio station broadcasting an Adult Hits format in simulcast with 101.9 WARU-FM. Licensed to Peru, Indiana, USA. The station is currently owned by Miami County Broadcasting, Inc..
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18436536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18436536" title="2012 (film)">
2012 (film)

2012 is a 2009 American science fiction disaster film directed and co-written by Roland Emmerich. It stars John Cusack, Chiwetel Ejiofor, Amanda Peet, Oliver Platt, Thandie Newton, Danny Glover, and Woody Harrelson. It was produced by Emmerich's production company, Centropolis Entertainment, and was distributed by Columbia Pictures. Filming began in August 2008 in Vancouver, although it was originally planned to be filmed in Los Angeles.
The plot follows Jackson Curtis (John Cusack) as he attempts to bring his children, Noah (Liam James) and Lilly (Morgan Lily), ex-wife Kate Curtis (Amanda Peet), and her boyfriend, Gordon Silberman (Thomas McCarthy) to refuge, amidst the events of a geological and meteorological super-disaster. The film includes references to Mayanism, the Mesoamerican Long Count calendar, and the 2012 phenomenon in its portrayal of cataclysmic events unfolding in the year 2012. Emmerich has announced that the film will be his last involving disasters.
After a prolonged marketing campaign comprising the creation of a website from the point of view of the main character, Jackson Curtis, and a viral marketing website on which filmgoers could register for a lottery number to save them from the ensuing disaster, the film was internationally released on November 13, 2009. Critics gave "2012" mixed reviews, praising its special effects and tone but criticizing its length (158 minutes) and screenwriting. Despite this, the film, budgeted at $200 million, has a worldwide theatrical revenue that reached approximately $770 million.
Plot.
In 2009, Adrian Helmsley, an American geologist, visits astrophysicist Dr. Satnam Tsurutani in India and learns that neutrinos from a massive solar flare are causing the temperature of the Earth's core to rapidly increase. Arriving at a party in Washington D.C., Helmsley presents his info to White House Chief of Staff Carl Anheuser who takes him to meet the President.
In 2010, U.S. President Thomas Wilson and other international leaders begin a secret project to ensure humanity's survival. More than 400,000 people are chosen to board "arks" constructed at Cho Ming, Tibet, in the southwest Chinese Himalayas. A Buddhist monk named Nima is evacuated while his brother Tenzin joins the Ark project. Additional funding is raised by selling tickets for €1 billion per person. By 2011, valuable items are moved to the arks with the help of art expert and First Daughter Dr. Laura Wilson.
In 2012, Jackson Curtis is a science fiction writer in Los Angeles who works as a limousine driver for Russian billionaire Yuri Karpov. Jackson's ex-wife Kate, and their children Noah and Lilly, live with Kate's boyfriend, plastic surgeon Gordon Silberman.
Jackson takes Noah and Lilly camping in Yellowstone National Park. After an encounter with Helmsley, they meet Charlie Frost, who hosts a radio show from the park. Charlie plays a video of Charles Hapgood's theory that polar shifts and the Mesoamerican Long Count Calendar predict that the 2012 phenomenon will occur. Charlie also tells Jackson that those who discovered this and plotted to inform the public met were killed in various accidents. After an earthquake hits Los Angeles, the family returns home. Jackson grows suspicious and rents a Cessna 340 to rescue his family. He collects his family and Gordon as Earth crust displacement begins with a magnitude 10.9 earthquake, and they narrowly escape Los Angeles as California collapses into the Pacific Ocean.
As millions of people die in earthquakes worldwide, the group flies to Yellowstone to retrieve a map from Charlie, escaping as the Yellowstone Caldera erupts. Charlie stays behind to broadcast the eruption and is killed. Learning that the arks are in China, the group lands in Las Vegas to find a larger plane. They find Yuri, his twin sons Alec and Oleg, girlfriend Tamara and pilot Sasha. Helmsley, Anheuser, and Laura Wilson are aboard Air Force One where they are heading to the arks. President Wilson remains in Washington D.C. to address the nation one last time. With the Vice President dead and the Speaker of the House missing, Anheuser appoints himself Acting Commander in Chief even though he is not in the presidential line of succession. Back in Las Vegas, the group secures an Antonov An-500 aircraft and they depart for China as the Yellowstone ash cloud engulfs the city. President Wilson is later killed by a megatsunami that sends the aircraft carrier USS "John F. Kennedy" crashing into the White House.
Arriving in China in a crash landing that kills Sasha, the group is spotted by helicopters from the Chinese army. Yuri and his sons, possessing tickets, are taken to the arks, leaving the Curtis family and Gordon behind, and leaving Tamara behind because Yuri knows she had an affair with Sasha. The Curtis family, Gordon and Tamara are picked up by Nima and taken to the arks with Nima's grandparents. They stow away on Ark 4, where the United States contingent is aboard, with the help of Tenzin. As a megatsunami approaches the site, an impact driver becomes lodged in the gears of the ark's hydraulic doors, preventing a boarding gate from closing, which in turn prevents the ship from starting its engines. In the ensuing chaos, Yuri, Gordon and Tamara are killed, and Ark 4 is set adrift. Jackson and Noah dislodge the impact driver and the crew regains control of the ark before it collides with Mount Everest. Jackson rejoins with his family, and he and Kate reconcile. 
After flood waters from the tsunamis recede, the arks travel to the Cape of Good Hope in South Africa. Helmsley starts a relationship with Laura.
Alternate ending.
An alternate ending is featured on the DVD release of the film. After Captain Michaels, the captain of Ark 4, announces that they are heading to the Cape of Good Hope, he tells Dr. Helmsley that he has a phone call waiting for him. Dr. Helmsley discovers that his dad Harry is still alive. Harry tells his son that he, Tony (whose arm is in a sling), and some of the passengers and crew survived the megatsunami that struck the Genesis. Captain Michaels states that they should have a visual on the ocean-liner shortly. After Kate thanks Laura for taking care of Lily, Laura tells Jackson that she liked his book. Jackson then gives Noah his cell phone back which he recovered during Ark 4's flooding. Lily then announces that she sees an island. The Arks arrive at the shipwrecked Genesis and the survivors on the beach.
Production.
The credits cite the bestselling book "Fingerprints of the Gods" by author Graham Hancock as inspiration for the film, and in an interview with the London magazine "Time Out", Emmerich states: "I always wanted to do a biblical flood movie, but I never felt I had the hook. I first read about the Earth's Crust Displacement Theory in Graham Hancock's "Fingerprints of the Gods"."
Director Emmerich and composer-producer Harald Kloser had an extremely close relationship and also co-wrote a spec script entitled "2012", which was marketed to major studios in February 2008. Nearly all studios met with Emmerich and his representatives to hear the director's budget projection and story plans, a process that the director had previously gone through with the films "Independence Day" (1996) and "The Day After Tomorrow" (2004).
Later that month, Sony Pictures Entertainment won the rights for the spec script, planning to distribute it under Columbia Pictures and was produced for less than budgeted. According to Emmerich, the film was eventually produced for about $200 million.
Filming was originally scheduled to begin in Los Angeles, California, in July 2008 but instead commenced in Kamloops, Savona, Cache Creek and Ashcroft in British Columbia, Canada. Due to the possible 2008 Screen Actors Guild strike, filmmakers set up a contingency plan for salvaging the film.
Uncharted Territory, Digital Domain, Double Negative, Scanline, Sony Pictures Imageworks and others were hired to create computer animated visual effects for "2012".
Although the film depicts the destruction of several major cultural and historical icons around the world, Emmerich stated that the Kaaba was also considered for selection. Kloser opposed the idea out of fear that a fatwā might be issued against him.
Marketing.
The film was promoted in a marketing campaign by a fictional organization, the "Institute for Human Continuity"; this entailed a fictitious book written by Jackson Curtis entitled "Farewell Atlantis", and streaming media, blog updates and radio broadcasts from the apocalyptic zealot Charlie Frost on his website "This Is The End".
On November 12, 2008, the new studio released the first teaser trailer for "2012" that showed a tsunami surging over the Himalayas and interlaced a purportedly scientific message suggesting that the world would end in 2012, and that the world's governments were not preparing its population for the event. The trailer ended with a message to viewers to "find out the truth" by searching "2012" on search engines. "The Guardian" criticized the marketing effectiveness as "deeply flawed" and associated it with "websites that make even more spurious claims about 2012".
The studio also launched a viral marketing website operated by the fictional Institute for Human Continuity, where filmgoers could register for a lottery number to be part of a small population that would be rescued from the global destruction. David Morrison of NASA received over 1000 inquiries from people who thought the website was genuine, and condemned it. "I've even had cases of teenagers writing to me saying they are contemplating suicide because they don't want to see the world end," he said. "I think when you lie on the internet and scare children to make a buck, that is ethically wrong." Another viral marketing website promotes "Farewell Atlantis", a fictional suspense novel about the events of 2012.
Comcast had also organized a "roadblock campaign" to promote the film, where a two-minute scene from the film was broadcast across 450 American commercial television networks, local English-language and Spanish-language stations, and 89 cable outlets within a ten-minute window between 10:50 PM EDT/PDT and 11:00 PM EDT/PDT on October 1, 2009. The scene featured the destruction of Los Angeles and ended with a cliffhanger, with the entire 5-minute-38-second clip made available on Comcast's Fancast web site. The trade newspaper "Variety" estimated that, "The stunt will put the footage in front of 90% of all households watching ad-supported TV, or nearly 110 million viewers. When combined with online and mobile streams, that could increase to more than 140 million".
Soundtrack.
The original score for the film was composed by Harald Kloser and Thomas Wanker. Singer Adam Lambert contributed a song for the film titled "Time for Miracles" and expressed his gratitude for the opportunity in an interview with MTV.
The film's soundtrack consists of 24 tracks, and it includes the songs "Fades Like a Photograph" by Filter and "It Ain't the End of the World", performed by George Segal and Blu Mankuma, which were featured in the film. The trailer music was "Master of Shadows" by Two Steps From Hell.
Release.
"2012" was originally scheduled to be released on July 10, 2009. The release date was changed to November 2009 to move out of the busy summer schedule into a time frame that the studio considered to have more potential for financial success. According to the studio, the film could have been completed for the summer release date, but the date change would give more time to the production. The film was released on November 13, 2009 in Sweden, Canada, Denmark, Mexico, India and the United States, and was released on November 21, 2009 in Japan.
The DVD and Blu-ray for "2012" were released on March 2, 2010. The 2-Disc Blu-ray Edition includes over 90 minutes of special features, including Adam Lambert's music video "Time for Miracles", and a Digital Copy for PSP, PC, Mac & iPod. The European release date of "2012" on DVD was March 26, 2010; it includes the same special features as the North American version.
A limited 3D version was re-released exclusively in select Cinemex theaters in Mexico in February 2013.
Reception.
Box office.
"2012" earned $166,112,167 in North America and $603,567,306 in other territories for a worldwide total of $769,679,473. Worldwide it is the 50th highest-grossing film, the fifth highest-grossing 2009 film and the fifth highest-grossing film distributed by Sony/Columbia, behind Sam Raimi's "Spider-Man" trilogy and "Skyfall". It is also the second highest grossing film directed by Emmerich, behind "Independence Day". On its worldwide opening weekend it made $230.5 million, marking the fourth-largest opening of 2009 and the fourth-largest for Sony/Columbia.
In North America, it grossed $65,237,614 on its first weekend, ranking number one and marking the 10th highest-grossing opening weekend for a film released in November. The film grossed $166,112,167 in total.
Outside North America, it is the 19th highest-grossing film, the fourth highest-grossing 2009 film and the second highest-grossing film distributed by Sony/Columbia, after "Skyfall". It earned $165.2 million on its opening weekend, which ranks as the 10th largest opening. Its largest opening was recorded in France and the Maghreb region ($18.0 million). In total earnings, its three highest-grossing territories after North America are France and the Maghreb region ($44.0 million), Japan ($42.6 million), and Germany ($37.7 million).
Critical response.
The film received generally mixed reviews from film critics. Review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes gives the film a rating of 39% based on reviews from 238 critics have given the film a positive review, with a rating average of 5 out of 10. The site's consensus is that "Roland Emmerich's "2012" provides plenty of visual thrills, but lacks a strong enough script to support its massive scope and inflated length." Metacritic, which assigns a weighted average score out of 1–100 reviews from film critics, gives a rating score of 49 based on 34 reviews.
Roger Ebert was enthusiastic about the film, giving it 3½ stars out of 4, saying it "delivers what it promises, and since no sentient being will buy a ticket expecting anything else, it will be, for its audiences, one of the most satisfactory films of the year".
Both Ebert and Claudia Puig of "USA Today" called the film the "mother of all disaster movies". Peter Travers of "Rolling Stone" criticized the film by comparing it to "": "Beware "2012", which works the dubious miracle of almost matching "Transformers 2" for sheer, cynical, mind-numbing, time-wasting, money-draining, soul-sucking stupidity."
North Korean ban.
North Korea has reportedly banned possession or viewing of the film. The year 2012 is the 100th anniversary of the birth of the nation's founder, Kim Il-sung, and has been designated by the North Korean government as "the year for opening the grand gates to becoming a rising superpower". Thus a movie depicting the year in a negative light is found to be offensive by the North Korean government. Several people in North Korea have reportedly been arrested for possessing or viewing pirated copies of the movie and charged with "grave provocation against the development of the state."
Cancelled television spin-off.
In 2010, "Entertainment Weekly" announced that there had been a plan for a spin-off television series entitled "2013" that would have served as a follow-up to the film. Executive producer of "2012" Mark Gordon told "EW" that "ABC will have an opening in their disaster-related programming after "Lost" ends, so people would be interested in this topic on a weekly basis. There's hope for the world despite the magnitude of the 2012 disaster as seen in the film. After the movie, there are some people who survive, and the question is how will these survivors build a new world and what will it look like. That might make an interesting TV series." However, plans were later scrapped due to future budget concerns. This would have been Emmerich's third film to get a spinoff, the first being "Stargate" (with its TV series "Stargate SG-1", "Stargate Infinity", "Stargate Atlantis", "Stargate Universe"), and the second being "Godzilla" (with its cartoon spin-off "").

</doc>
<doc id="18436559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18436559" title="WARU-FM">
WARU-FM

WARU-FM (101.9 FM) is a radio station broadcasting an Adult Hits format. Licensed to Roann, Indiana, USA. The station is currently owned by Mid-America Radio Group, Inc. and features programing from Fox News Radio and Westwood One.
History.
The station went on the air as WBFK on 1998-07-17. on 1999-07-13, the station changed its call sign to WMYK, on 2001-08-12 to the current WARU, 
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18436565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18436565" title="Viacom 18">
Viacom 18

Viacom 18 Media Pvt. Limited founded in November 2007 is a 50/50 joint venture operation in India between Viacom and the Network 18 Group based in Mumbai. Viacom 18 owns and operates various channels of the Viacom group for the Indian viewers, as well as manage various Viacom's consumer products in India. In July 2008, Colors was launched. In January 2010, Viacom 18 went international with the launch of Colors in the US. The channel is called "Aap ka Colors". In July 2010, it got into 50/50 distribution joint venture with Sun Network and Sun 18 was formed.
Viacom 18 also launched the channel "Sonic Nickelodeon" in December 2011, targeting young adults.
On 23 January 2012, Viacom18 also launched Comedy Central. 
On 3 September 2012, Viacom18 launched Rishtey.
Viacom 18 also owns Viacom 18 Motion Pictures.

</doc>
<doc id="18436605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18436605" title="Pan American Development Foundation">
Pan American Development Foundation

The Pan American Development Foundation (PADF) is a non-governmental and non-political organization created in 1962 by the Organization of American States (OAS), the public sector and the private sector to focus on issues of pressing concern in the Western Hemisphere. PADF, a non-profit organization, has worked in every country in the region. In 2009, its programs reached more than 10 million people in 22 countries. PADF aims to bring together stakeholders to create sustainable economic development, strengthen civil society and respond to natural disasters for the most-disadvantaged people in Latin America and the Caribbean.
PADF is a 501(c)(3) tax-exempt organization in the United States. It receives donations from individuals, corporations, multilateral organizations (such as the World Bank, the UN, the Inter-American Development Bank, among others) and governments. It is audited each year and the statement is published in its Annual Report. PADF, which also works to support the principles of the Inter-American Democratic Charter, is an independent affiliate of the OAS.
History.
The PADF was established in 1962, by the Organization of American States (OAS), as part of the Alliance for Progress initiated by U.S. President John F. Kennedy. It was created through a cooperative agreement between the OAS and private enterprise to provide a specialized non-governmental organization to assist the least advantaged people in Latin America and the Caribbean. Since its creation, PADF has implanted development programs throughout the Western Hemisphere carrying out the goals set forth by the OAS. 
In 1975, OAS named PADF a “special purpose foundation” achieved consultative status with the United Nations.
Programs.
In keeping with its mission to create “a Hemisphere of Opportunity for All”, PADF implements a range of different programs in Latin American and the Caribbean. The programs are divided into four areas of development.
Natural disaster programs.
PADF works with local non-governmental organizations and communities to respond to natural disasters and implement disaster relief programs in Latin America and the Caribbean. The programs are designed to lessen the impact of disasters and crises by: helping communities prepare for disasters; providing emergency relief; assisting disaster recovery, reconstruction and mitigation; strengthening community responses to natural disasters; supporting the Inter-American Committee for Disaster Reduction (IACDR); and aiding victims or humanitarian crises. 
As of 2012, PADF has provided disaster relief assistance to communities in Brazil, Chile, Costa Rica, El Salvador, Guatemala, Haiti, Honduras, Jamaica, Nicaragua, Colombia, Panama, St. Lucia and Venezuela.
2010 Haiti earthquake response.
On January 12, 2010, an earthquake with a scale of 7.0 struck Haiti just 10 miles west of the capital, Port-au-Prince. According to Haitian government estimations, the earthquake killed or injured 616,000 people, damaged or destroyed 250,000 residences, and left 1,000,000 people homeless. 
In response to the disaster, PADF has helped assess the structural safety of more than 400,000 buildings, repaired more than 9,000 homes, and instituted more than 1,000 community development programs in what is the single largest effort in the organization’s history.
Economic opportunity programs.
PADF implements economic opportunity programs with the focus of improving the livelihoods of disadvantaged individuals and families. The programs include support for micro and medium-size businesses, skills training for youth and vulnerable groups, improving agricultural conditions and techniques, and expanding or improving local infrastructure.
LEAD program.
In 2012, PADF implemented the Leveraging Effective Application of Direct Investment (LEAD) program with $13 million in funding from the United States Agency for International Development (USAID). The LEAD program is a business plan competition which awards grants to small and medium enterprises. The grants range from $50,000 to $200,000 and must be matched be the grantee.
Grantees from the initial round of the LEAD Program included SOGEPA (a cocoa producer), ECSSA (a recycling firm), Atelier Jourdain (a garment manufacturer) and CASTMI (a water production facility).
PADF announced the launch of the second edition of the LEAD Program on February 20, 2013. Following the launch of the second round, a group of Haitian businesses, which had been awarded LEAD grants, participated in a business and investment seminar at Columbia University. The event is part of a series of investment events and conferences that the businesses are participating in throughout the United States, Canada and the Dominican Republic.
Community and civil society programs.
Throughout Latin America and the Caribbean, PADF partners with civil society organizations on programs intended to increase their capacity to respond to community needs. Since its foundation in 1962, PADF has worked with more than 2,000 civil society and community-based groups.
Social progress programs.
PADF initiates programs, often with partnership from private corporations and donors, to confront social issues and strengthen communities in many Latin American and Caribbean nations. PADF has previously implemented programs aimed at community-driven development, improving infrastructure and housing, upgrading technical training and health services, aiding at-risk youth, and combating human trafficking, gang activities and violence.
US State Department funding.
In 2010 documents released under the US Freedom of Information Act showed at least $4m in US State Department funding to PADF from 2007 to 2009, of which at least $700,000 was to be distributed to Venezuelan NGOs and journalists. At least in the case of Venezuela (the only documents released so far), the State Department waived the usual requirement that publications acknowledge the support given. Most names involved remain secret, but the Venezuelan NGOs Espacio Público and Instituto Prensa y Sociedad are known to have received "subgrants".

</doc>
<doc id="18436618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18436618" title="Channel 10 – Río Negro">
Channel 10 – Río Negro

LU 92 TV Canal 10 de Río Negro is an Argentine television station located in General Roca, Province of Río Negro. Channel 10 is affiliated with Artear (channel 13 of Buenos Aires). The station begins its daily schedule at noon, and offers a variety of shows including news, soap operas, talk shows, comedies and cultural programs. It began operations in 1982 and produces around 20% of its programming.

</doc>
<doc id="18436620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18436620" title="South Lanarkshire Council election, 2007">
South Lanarkshire Council election, 2007

Elections to South Lanarkshire Council were held on 3 May 2007 the same day as the other Scottish local government elections and the Scottish Parliament general election. The election was the first one using 20 new wards created as a results of the Local Governance (Scotland) Act 2004, each ward will elect three or four councillors using the single transferable vote system a form of proportional representation. The new wards replace 67 single-member wards which used the plurality (first past the post) system of election.
Labour lost control of the council to no overall control, something which the party suffered in many other parts of Scotland. Overall they lost 19 seats, most of which went to the Scottish National Party, although the Conservative Party also managed to double their number of seats.

</doc>
<doc id="18436626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18436626" title="Col de Portel">
Col de Portel

Col de Portel (el. 1,432 m.) is a mountain pass in the French Pyrenees between Saint-Girons and Foix in the "massif de l'Arize". 
Details of the climb.
From Saint-Girons (west), the climb to the Col de Portel crosses the "Col de la Crouzette" (1,241 m). To the "Col de la Crouzette" the climb is 11.2 km long, at an average gradient of 6.5%, with a short section at 10.8%. From the "Col de la Crouzette" to the summit is a further 3.5 km, gaining an extra 191 m, with the steepest section (near the summit) at 8.0%.
Starting from la Mouline, (east) the climb to the "Col de Portel" crosses the "Mur de Péguère" (1,375 m). To the "Mur de Péguère" the climb is 18 km long; over this distance, the climb is 872 m (an average of 4.8%). From the "Mur de Péguère" to the summit is a further 3.5 km, gaining a further 57 m height.
Appearances in the Tour de France.
The Col de Portel was crossed on stage 11 of the 2008 Tour de France.

</doc>
<doc id="18436632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18436632" title="V. Sambasivan">
V. Sambasivan

V. Sambasivan (1929–1996) was a famous "Kadhaprasangam" artist of Kerala, India. He was born on July 4, 1929 in Chavara Thekkumbhagom in Kollam district. After schooling in his native village he joined Sree Narayana College, Kollam for higher studies where he was associated with the Communist Party and its student wing AISF. His gift for singing and acting earned him the name of an artist very early in his life. He started his career as a teacher but quit the job to become a full-time artiste. With his inimitable style in story-telling he soon became one of the most popular artists of Kerala with immense mass appeal. He presented more than 50 stories on stage including Shakespeare's "Othello" and Dostoyevsky's "The Brothers Karamazov". Being a member of the Communist Party of India (Marxist) he was arrested and imprisoned in 1975, during the Indian Emergency declared by the then regime headed by Indira Gandhi. He died on April 23, 1996 aged 67.
He has acted in a feature film 'Pallamkuzhi' and in a documentary on poet Kumaran Asan.
His son Vasanthakumar Sambasivan, a Professor of Chemistry at Sree Narayana College, Kollam follows his father's way. 

</doc>
<doc id="18436645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18436645" title="Ben Trott (cricketer)">
Ben Trott (cricketer)

Benjamin James Trott (born 14 March 1975 in Wellington, Somerset) was an English cricketer.
Primarily a fast-medium bowler, Trott began his career with Somerset County Cricket Club, but only made four appearances in two seasons before moving to Kent.
Following five seasons, Trott retired from first-class cricket to become the manager of the club's study support centre. In 2006, he left this post in order to set up his own sports coaching business.

</doc>
<doc id="18436649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18436649" title="Charles H. Pinkham">
Charles H. Pinkham

Charles H. Pinkham (18 August 1844 – 6 November 1920) was born in Grafton, Massachusetts in 1844. In 1895, President Grover Cleveland presented him with the Medal of Honor for his service in the American Civil War. He is buried in Hope Cemetery, Worcester, Massachusetts.
Pinkham joined the Army from Worcester, Massachusetts in December 1863, and was mustered out as a brevet Captain in July 1865. 
He had been a Sergeant Major with the 57th Massachusetts Infantry, and was "among the soldiers who stormed Fort Steadman during the Battle of Petersburg in March 1865." His official Medal of Honor citation reads: "Captured the flag of the 57th North Carolina Infantry (C.S.A.) and saved his own colors by tearing them from the staff while the enemy was in the camp."

</doc>
<doc id="18436659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18436659" title="Basic Military Qualification">
Basic Military Qualification

Basic Military Qualification is the recruit training that is undergone to produce non-commissioned members of the Canadian Forces (CF). It is designed to introduce ordinary citizens of Canada to the CF way of life by indoctrination of CF values, weapons training, first aid, fieldcraft, etc. 
BMQ is common to all non-commissioned recruits of the Army, Air Force and Navy - regardless of trade. For regular force members, it is 13 weeks in length and is usually conducted at Canadian Forces Leadership and Recruit School in Saint-Jean. For reservists, it is condensed to two months, and can be conducted on any base or military installation that has the necessary resources.
It is a highly difficult course, designed to put recruits through great physical and mental strain. Its goal is to instill teamwork and cohesion, good working habits, physical and mental tenacity, confidence, military skills, and most obviously, discipline in recruits. The course is designed to teach recruits the core skills and necessary knowledge to succeed in a military environment. Apart from physical demands, the adjustment to the military discipline and lifestyle is often the most difficult aspect of recruit training and may be the most demanding experience recruits have ever faced. 
Courses are normally a platoon's size (60 candidates), under command of a Warrant Officer (usually that rank), and carried out by section commanders (ICs, usually a Sergeant or a Master Corporal). BMQ is often staffed by combat arms soldiers, but can be taught by NCOs of any trade and element. 
Overview.
Daily schedule.
The typical day in BMQ is as follows:
5:00 am – "Wake up" 
5:15 am – 8:10 am "Physical fitness training, breakfast and morning inspections" 
8:20 am – noon "Instruction" 
Noon – 1:00 pm "Lunch" 
1:00 pm – 4:30 pm "Instruction" 
4:30 pm – 6:00 pm "Dinner" 
6:00 pm – 11:00pm "Homework, prepare for morning inspection, personal time, extra instruction. Staff will discuss any matter that they believe needs attention." 
11:00 pm – "Lights out"
Course content.
Recruits begin with a crash-course in military bearing. From the first day onward, recruits are expected to display a high standard of hygiene, dress, deportment, conduct, effort etc. This encompasses everything including the proper means of wearing a uniform, marching/drill, exerting maximum effort in PT sessions, and the correct addressing of superiors. The recruit is immersed in the stereotypical "boot camp" atmosphere, complete with pushups, sleep deprivation, shouting instructors, and other means to simulate the stress and fatigue that can be expected in a military environment. Apart from developing a recruit's ability to function under stress, the training aims to instill discipline in Canada's future troops. It is not uncommon for recruits to be confined to barracks for misbehaviour or even unsatisfactory performance.
Physical fitness is stressed throughout the course. Every other morning begins with runs up to 5 kilometres in length, as well as various other PT activities. Although the minimum fitness standard is 2.4K under 12 minutes (with varying lengths for different ages and genders), recruits can expect to be pushed far beyond that threshold. Instructors often lead recruits to perform 25+ pushups at a time. There is often an obstacle course which will be completed 2-3 times throughout the course to show improvement, and a swim test. Course staff can (and often do) use physical exercise to correct recruits' deficient behaviour, by ordering them to do pushups, run up and down sandhills, and other means such as marking time (stationary marching in a rigid fashion) or the dreaded "thinking position".
A large emphasis is placed on safety, especially the correct handling of weapons. Recruits are taught how to conduct a safe workplace, which includes Workplace Hazardous Materials Information System, fire safety, first aid, and principles that guide the use of workplace equipment. When on the range firing a live weapon, recruits will wear their helmet and earplugs, as well as eye protection if readily available and instructed to do so. Wherever a recruit goes (aside from eating and PT), the rifle goes as well, from the instant it is issued to the instant it is returned. Recruits will always check the state of the rifle to ensure that is safe to use. 
The course concludes with fieldcraft, which encompasses survival, map reading, target indication, camouflage techniques, and other field skills. After the course is complete, recruits carry on to environmental training or occupation-specific training. Many recruits remember their BMQ as a challenging, yet rewarding, experience, and often make lifelong bonds with other coursemates in the process.

</doc>
<doc id="18436660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18436660" title="Budgetary treaties of the European Communities">
Budgetary treaties of the European Communities

The Budgetary treaties of the European Communities were two treaties in the 1970s amending the Treaty of Rome in respects to powers over the Community budget.
The first treaty, signed in 1970, gave the European Parliament the last word on what is known as "non-compulsory expenditure" (compulsory spending is that resulting from EC treaties (including agriculture) and international agreements; the rest is non-compulsory). The second treaty, signed in 1975, gave Parliament the power to reject the budget as a whole and created the European Court of Auditors. However, the Council still has the last word on compulsory spending while Parliament has the last word on non-compulsory spending.
As a result of these treaties, the budgetary authority of what is now the European Union is held jointly by the Council of the European Union and the European Parliament. Parliament is responsible for discharging the implementation of previous budgets, on the basis of the annual report of the European Court of Auditors. It has refused to approve the budget only twice, in 1984 and in 1998. On the latter occasion it led to the resignation of the Santer Commission.

</doc>
<doc id="18436662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18436662" title="Rational motion">
Rational motion

In kinematics, the motion of a rigid body is defined as a continuous set of displacements. One-parameter motions can be defined
as a continuous displacement of moving object with respect to a fixed frame in Euclidean three-space ("E"3), where the displacement depends on one parameter, mostly identified as time.
Rational motions are defined by rational functions (ratio of two polynomial functions) of time. They produce rational trajectories, and therefore they integrate well with the existing NURBS (Non-Uniform Rational B-Spline) based industry standard CAD/CAM systems. They are readily amenable to the applications of existing computer-aided geometric design (CAGD) algorithms. By combining kinematics of rigid body motions with NURBS geometry of curves and surfaces, methods have been developed for computer-aided design of rational motions.
These CAD methods for motion design find applications in animation in computer graphics (key frame interpolation), trajectory planning in robotics (taught-position interpolation), spatial navigation in virtual reality, computer-aided geometric design of motion via interactive interpolation, CNC tool path planning, and task specification in mechanism synthesis.
Background.
There has been a great deal of research in applying the principles of computer-aided geometric design (CAGD) to the problem of computer-aided motion design. 
In recent years, it has been well established that rational Bézier and rational B-spline based curve representation schemes can be combined with dual quaternion representation of spatial displacements to obtain rational Bézier and B-spline
motions. Ge and Ravani, developed a new framework for geometric constructions
of spatial motions by combining the concepts from kinematics and CAGD. Their work was built upon the seminal paper of Shoemake, in which he
used the concept of a quaternion for rotation interpolation. A detailed list of references on this topic can be found in and.
Rational Bézier and B-spline motions.
Let formula_1
denote a unit dual quaternion. A homogeneous dual quaternion may be
written as a pair of quaternions, formula_2; where formula_3. This is obtained by
expanding formula_4 using
dual number algebra (here, formula_5). 
In terms of dual quaternions and the homogeneous coordinates of a point formula_6 of the object, the transformation equation in terms of quaternions is given by (see for details)
formula_7
where formula_8 and formula_9 are
conjugates of formula_10 and formula_11, respectively and
formula_12 denotes homogeneous coordinates of the point
after the displacement.
Given a set of unit dual quaternions and dual weights formula_13 respectively, the
following represents a rational Bézier curve in the space of
dual quaternions.
formula_14
where formula_15 are the Bernstein polynomials. The Bézier dual quaternion curve given by above equation defines a rational Bézier motion of
degree formula_16.
Similarly, a B-spline dual quaternion curve, which defines a NURBS
motion of degree 2"p", is given by,
where formula_18 are the "p"th-degree B-spline basis functions.
A representation for the rational Bézier motion and rational B-spline motion in the Cartesian space can be obtained by substituting either of the above two preceding expressions for formula_19 in the equation for point transform. In what follows, we deal with the case of rational Bézier motion. The, the trajectory of a point undergoing rational Bézier motion is given by,
where formula_22 is the matrix
representation of the rational Bézier motion of degree
formula_16 in Cartesian space. The following matrices
formula_24 (also referred to as Bézier Control
Matrices) define the "affine control structure" of the motion:
where formula_26.
In the above equations, formula_27 and formula_28
are binomial coefficients and formula_29 are the weight ratios and
In above matrices, formula_35
are four components of the real part formula_36 and
formula_37 are four
components of the dual partformula_38 of the unit
dual quaternion formula_39.

</doc>
<doc id="18436687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18436687" title="Swaminarayan Mantra">
Swaminarayan Mantra

The Swaminarayan Mantra is the main mantra of the Swaminarayan sect. The word "Swaminarayan" is repeated by adherents of the faith when praying, classifying it as a mantra.
History.
In the year 1801, a fortnight after the death of his guru, Ramanand Swami, Swaminarayan (then known as Sahajanand Swami) held a gathering in Faneni. Sahajanand Swami asked everyone in the gathering to chant "Swaminarayan", a single mantra composed of six syllables, Swa-mi-na-ra-ya-n. It is believed that when people at the gathering chanted the word, several of them went into trance and realised that Swaminarayan was god. It was from here onwards Sahajanand Swami was known as Swaminarayan, and believed to be the almighty god supreme by followers. It was there that he explained the meaning of Swaminarayan. It was there he announced that whoever chanted the name "Swaminarayan" with love and faith, would be able to realize his objective. It is important to note here that Swaminarayan is one single word and not two words as sometimes believed It is believed that whoever chants this mantra will be redeemed of material desires.

</doc>
<doc id="18436692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18436692" title="Legacy of Evil">
Legacy of Evil

Legacy of Evil is the sixth studio album by Norwegian symphonic black metal band Limbonic Art.
Released by Nocturnal Art Productions and marketed and distributed by Candlelight Records. Recorded at MOF studios 2007 by Morfeus. Mastered by Tom Kvalsvoll at Strype Audio. Produced and Mixed by Limbonic Art. All Lyrics written by Daemon.

</doc>
<doc id="18436694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18436694" title="Obnora River">
Obnora River

Obnora () is a river in Vologda and Yaroslavl Oblasts of Russia. It is a right tributary of the Kostroma River. It is 132 km long, with a drainage basin of 2,440 km².
The town of Lyubim is situated by the Obnora.

</doc>
<doc id="18436701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18436701" title="Irish Book Awards">
Irish Book Awards

The Irish Book Awards (officially: Bord Gáis Energy Irish Book Awards) are Irish literary awards given annually to books and authors in various categories. It is the only literary award supported by all-Irish bookstores. First awarded in 2006, they grew out of the Hughes & Hughes bookstore's Irish Novel of the Year Prize which was inaugurated in 2000. Since 2007 the Awards have been an independent not-for-profit company funded by sponsorship. The primary sponsor is Bord Gáis, an energy supplier in Ireland. There are currently nine categories, seven of which are judged by the Irish Literary Academy, two by a public vote. There is also a lifetime achievement award.
Winners.
2000–2005 (Hughes & Hughes Award / Irish Novel).
Inaugurated in 2000 by Hughes & Hughes, the "Hughes & Hughes Award" ran until 2005 when it merged with the Irish Book Awards and became the Irish Novel category.
2010.
Sources.
2011.
Sources.
2012.
Sources.
2013.
Sources.

</doc>
<doc id="18436718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18436718" title="SMS Boa">
SMS Boa

SMS "Boa" was a torpedo boat of the Austro-Hungarian Navy. Built as a unit of the "Python" class, she was typical of the seagoing torpedo boats acquired by Austria-Hungary between 1896 and 1914. In 1910 she was renamed Torpedoboot 15.
Development.
"Boa" and her sister ships, "Python", "Kigyo" and "Cobra," were the result of competitive tests between two torpedo boats built in 1895-96. "Natter" was built by the firm of F. Schichau at Elbing, while "Viper" was built by Yarrow on the Thames at Millbank. Admiralty "(Marinesektion)" officials were better satisfied with the performance of "Viper," and four slightly larger examples were ordered from Yarrow.
Design.
A steel-hulled vessel of 132 tons displacement, "Boa" measured six inches (152 mm) in length with a beam of and a draft of four feet six inches. Her reciprocating engines of gave a speed of . Armament consisted of two 4.7 cm quick-firing guns and three torpedo tubes. 
Service history.
Launched on the Thames on 20 August 1898, "Boa" was completed on 24 September of that year.
She and her sister ships formed a division of seagoing torpedo boats capable of challenging Italian forces in the event of war.
In 1910 a new nomenclature was introduced for all Austro-Hungarian torpedo boats. Existing names were discarded and replaced with numbers in the series "Torpedoboot 1" to "Torpedoboot 49." "Boa" was renamed "Torpedoboot 15," abbreviated "Tb 15."
During the First World War, "Tb 15" was employed as a convoy escort and minesweeper. Allocated to Britain as a war reparation in 1920, she was immediately sold and scrapped in Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="18436723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18436723" title="Robert Wynne-Edwards">
Robert Wynne-Edwards

Sir Robert Meredydd Wynne-Edwards CBE, DSO, MC and bar (1 May 1897 – 22 June 1974) was a British civil engineer and army officer. Wynne-Edwards was born in Cheltenham and educated at Giggleswick School and Leeds Grammar School before being commissioned into the Royal Welch Fusiliers at the outbreak of the First World War. He served on the Western Front in France where he received a Mention in Despatches, Distinguished Service Order and a Military Cross and bar for his gallantry and leadership. Following the war he studied engineering at Christ Church, Oxford from which he graduated with second class honours in 1921.
Wynne-Edwards emigrated to Canada working on several contracts in Vancouver including the Detroit–Windsor Tunnel. He returned to Britain in 1935 following a slump in the Canadian building industry and joined John Mowlem & Co. where he was given the task of constructing the William Girling Reservoir. The newly constructed dam later collapsed and Wynne-Edwards enlisted the expertise of the Building Research Station and Karl von Terzaghi to prove that he was not at fault. During the Second World War Wynne-Edwards was seconded to the Ministry of Works where he became their director of plant.
After the war Wynne-Edwards was managing director of Richard Costain Ltd, specialising in pipelaying and also served on several boards and committees for the British Government. For this latter role he was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire. Wynne-Edwards was also involved with the Institution of Civil Engineers serving on many committees and being elected their one hundredth president in 1964. He was knighted in the Queen's Birthday Honours of 1965.
Early life.
Wynne-Edwards was born on 1 May 1897 in Cheltenham to Reverend John Rosindale Wynne-Edwards, canon of Ripon Cathedral and schoolmaster (later headmaster) of Leeds Grammar School, and his wife Lilian Agnes Streatfield Welbank. Robert was the eldest of their four sons and two daughters. Robert was educated at Giggleswick School and Leeds Grammar School.
First World War.
At the start of the First World War in July 1914 Wynne-Edwards joined the Royal Army Medical Corps, obtaining a commission in the Royal Welch Fusiliers in October 1914. From December 1915 he served on active duty in France and was Mentioned in Despatches. Wynn-Edwards was awarded the Military Cross on 1 January 1917. He received the Distinguished Service Order on 11 January 1919 for conspicuous gallantry and devotion during an assault in which a neighbouring company was in some difficulty. He reorganised it and captured its objective before returning to his own company of just 35 men and retaking a fortified position from the enemy which had been lost that morning.
Wynne-Edwards was awarded a bar to his Military Cross on 15 February 1919. The award was made for gallantry on the night of 7 October 1918 at Northo Wood. Having located two gaps in the German barbed wire he led his company through them and three belts of uncut wire. The company forced back the enemy and took over a position 400 yards ahead of any other troops on the front. Wynne-Edwards held the position for three hours, though being attacked from all sides. He then single-handedly crawled to an enemy howitzer and removed the sights before returning with some of his men and capturing the gunners.
Wynne-Edwards was seconded from his regiment on 21 December 1918 and attained the rank of temporary major before his demobilisation in January 1919.
In Canada.
Upon leaving the army Wynne-Edwards became a student of engineering science at Christ Church, Oxford from which he graduated in 1921 with second class honours. In July of that year he moved to Canada where he was apprenticed to Andrew Don Swan, the consulting engineer to Vancouver Harbour Board. In 1923 he joined Sydney E. Junkins Ltd, a contracting firm in Vancouver, where he assisted in the construction of a reinforced concrete wharf for the Canadian Pacific Railway. Whilst working there Wynne-Edwards trained as a diver so that he could undertake underwater inspections of work.
In 1924 he married Hope Elizabeth Day Fletcher the daughter of Francis Fletcher, a surveyor from Nelson, British Columbia. They had one son and three daughters.He became a member of the American Society of Civil Engineers whilst in Canada and an associate member of the Institution of Civil Engineers (ICE) in 1926. In 1928 he submitted a paper on the wharf at Vancouver to the ICE and was awarded a Telford Medal. From 1929 he maintained his position at Junkins whilst working with the Northern Construction Company on the shield-driven sections of the Detroit–Windsor Tunnel and a water tunnel in Vancouver.
Return to UK.
Following a downturn in building during a 1934 economic slump in Canada Wynne-Edwards returned to the UK in 1935 where he joined John Mowlem & Co.. He was given the task of building the William Girling Reservoir near Chingford in Essex, this was constructed using the first fleet of newly developed American earth moving equipment to reach Britain. In 1937 a recently constructed part of the dam embankment collapsed and it was shown by the Building Research Station (BRS) that the fault was due to a patch of soft clay which Wynne-Edwards had asked to be allowed to remove but was overruled. When this theory was ignored by more senior consultants Wynne-Edwards traced Karl von Terzaghi, the famous geologist and soil mechanics expert, and persuaded him to represent Mowlem. Terzaghi supported the BRS's theory and redesigned the bank to accommodate his findings. The publicity surrounding this event and Wynne-Edwards lectures at universities led to the popularisation and acceptance of the relatively new science of soil-mechanics in the UK.
Second World War.
After the outbreak of the Second World War Wynne-Edwards worked as a deputy agent for Mowlem in the construction of a shell factory in Swynnerton, Staffordshire. This so impressed the Ministry of Works that he was seconded to it as the director of plant for the remainder of the war. In this role he excelled as a chairman, especially during several difficult Anglo-American committees. In recognition of this fact he was appointed as an officer of the Order of the British Empire on 2 June 1943.
Post-War.
Following the war's end in 1945 Wynne-Edwards joined Richard Costain Ltd as a director and became managing director in 1948. Here he concentrated on the oil and chemical industries, in particular pipelaying. This included the laying of a pipeline for the Anglo-Iranian Oil Company from their Abadan Refinery to Tehran at the rate of three miles per day. In 1957 he was elected a first class member of the Smeatonian Society of Civil Engineers Wynne-Edwards served chairman of both the Building Research Board and the Road Research Board from 1960-5, a role for which he was rewarded with his appointment as a Commander of the Order of the British Empire on 1 January 1962. In 1965 he served as a member of the advisory committee to Harold Wilson for the Queen's Award to Industry.
Institutions and honours.
Wynne-Edwards was a keen supporter of the Institution of Civil Engineers and served on many of its committees and being elected to its governing council in 1950. He was elected as president of the Institution in 1964, the 100th president and the first to be elected whilst still working as a contractor. He became the founder-chairman of the Council of Engineering Institutions for 1964–6 a role he was rewarded for with a knighthood in the Queen's Birthday Honours on 12 June 1965. Wynne-Edwards was also 
an honorary member of both the Institution of Structural Engineers and the American Society of Civil Engineers and was made an honorary fellow of the University of Manchester Institute of Science and Technology in 1965. He received an honorary Doctor of Science degree from Salford University in 1966 and was elected president of the Manchester Technology Association for 1969.
Personal life.
Wynne-Edwards found time to hold an interest in natural history, bee-keeping, gardening and reading. He also kept horses which he occasionally used for fox-hunting with the Old Surrey and Burstow hunt. He retired to Blandford Forum, Dorset and died at the Promenade Hospital in Southport, Lancashire on 22 June 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="18436744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18436744" title="Henrik I. Christensen">
Henrik I. Christensen

Henrik Iskov Christensen (born July 16, 1962 in Frederikshavn, Denmark) is a Danish roboticist and a Distinguished Professor of Computer Science in the School of Interactive Computing at the Georgia Institute of Technology. At Georgia Tech, Christensen served as the founding director of the Center for Robotics and Intelligent Machines (RIM@GT) and the KUKA Chair of Robotics. Previously, Christensen was the Founding Chairman of European Robotics Research Network (EURON) and an IEEE Robotics and Automation Society Distinguished Lecturer in Robotics.
Biography.
Christensen received his Certificate of Apprenticeship in Mechanical Engineering from the Frederikshavn Technical School, Denmark in 1981. He received his M.Sc. and Ph.D. in Electrical Engineering from Aalborg University in 1987 and 1990, respectively. His doctoral thesis "Aspects of Real Time Image Sequence Analysis" was advised by Erik Granum.
After receiving his Ph.D., Christensen held teaching and research positions at Aalborg University, Oak Ridge National Laboratory, and the Royal Institute of Technology. In 2006, Christensen accepted a part-time position at the Georgia Institute of Technology as a Distinguished Professor of Computer Science and the KUKA Chair of Robotics, and transitioned to full-time in early 2007. At Georgia Tech, Christensen served as the founding director of the Center for Robotics and Intelligent Machines (RIM@GT), an interdepartmental research units consists of the College of Computing, College of Engineering, and the Georgia Tech Research Institute (GTRI). During his tenure, RIM@GT experienced an unprecedented growth, including (as of 2008) 36 faculty members as well as a dedicated interdisciplinary Ph.D. program in Robotics.
Research.
DARPA Urban Grand Challenge.
In 2007, Christensen led Georgia Tech's team in the DARPA Urban Grand Challenge as the principal investigator. The 2007 UGC was the third installment of the DARPA Grand Challenges (in 2004 and 2005), and took place on November 3, 2007 at the site of the now-closed George Air Force Base (currently used as Southern California Logistics Airport), in Victorville, California. The course involved a urban area course, to be completed in less than 6 hours while obeying all traffic regulations.

</doc>
<doc id="18436747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18436747" title="Institute for citizenship">
Institute for citizenship

The Institute for Citizenship is a UK national independent charity. Their aim is to promote informed, active citizenship and greater participation in democracy and society through a combination of community projects, research, education and discussion and debate.
The Institute for Citizenship was formed in 1992 by Lord Bernard Weatherill following the work of the UK All-Party Parliamentary Commission on Citizenship. Since its inception the Institute for Citizenship has campaigned for greater awareness of moral rights and responsibilities, and pioneered a range of citizenship resources in response to the introduction of Citizenship Education as part of the national Curriculum in 2002.
The Institute is currently involved in projects that promote vital 21st Century skills such as opinion forming, debating, speaking and listening skills that help to form an inclusive society of active citizens. These projects include Schools Question Time and the Young Citizens' Action Agenda. On 10 July 2008 they hosted the Young Citizens' Action Event at Central Hall, Westminster which was attended by 1,400 teenagers and was hosted by Huw Edwards (BBC News).
The current President of the Institute for Citizenship is David Dimbleby, Chairman of BBC ONE's Question Time. Dimbleby believes that the Institute's role is ensure we have an inclusive society of active citizens, 'The importance of involving young people – all people – in political decision
making is greater than ever. Globally and locally we face new and complex challenges, it is important that everyone takes part in the debate'. The Institute for Citizenship's Chief Executive is Zandria Pauncefort.
Young Citizens' Action Agenda.
The Young Citizens' Action Agenda is a campaign led by the Institute for Citizenship to give young citizens the voice and skills to produce solutions for the 21st Century.
The campaign, which is supported by the BBC, BT, Mentorn Media (Question Time Producers), City of London Corporation, Greater London Authority, Parliamentary Education Service, Steljes Technology and The Evening Standard, aims to provide young citizens with the information and skills they need to face the challenges of the 21st Century.
The Young Citizens' Action Agenda launched with the Young Citizens' Action Event hosted by Huw Edwards at Central Hall, Westminster on Thursday 10 July 2008 for 1,400 14-19 year olds. In the evening the audience stayed on for a very special edition of Question Time hosted by David Dimbleby, which was produced by 8 student producers who won the Schools Question Time Challenge (supported by the BBC, the Institute for Citizenship and BT).
The Event also featured guest appearances by an array of high profile opinion formers including Andrew Marr, Nik Wood, Mark Easton, Hardeep Singh Kohli, Ed Miliband MP, Iain Duncan Smith MP, Sir Mike Rake, Michael Cassidy CBE and the Director General of the BBC, Mark Thompson. The Evening Standard called the event "groundbreaking" in an article about the day. Huw Edwards was also very impressed by the audience of young citizens who attended and took part in the day, "We have a generation who are enthusiastic about accepting responsibilities with their rights, which has got to be good". In an exclusive article about the event the Institute for Citizenship's President, David Dimbleby, spoke about the importance of promoting Politics, Economics and Citizenship, "The importance of involving young people in political decision-making is greater than ever. Globally and locally we face new and complex challenges - it is important that everyone takes part in the debate." 
After the Young Citizens' Action Event the Institute for Citizenship created two Young Citizens Panels, one for London and one for the whole of the UK. These panels will use the information from the Young Citizens' Say Survey (provided by the audience) and the ideas from the Action Event to create Young Citizens' Action Agendas that will be presented to the Prime Minister and Mayor of London in October 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18436751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18436751" title="L.A. (EP)">
L.A. (EP)

L.A. is an EP by singer-songwriter Teddy Thompson, released in 2001 after his self-titled, debut album. The EP was recorded in November, 2001 at Fez, NYC by Ed Haber. "Shine So Bright" and "Sorry to See Me Go" later appeared on Thompson's second full-length album, "Separate Ways" (2005).

</doc>
<doc id="18436754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18436754" title="Viacom 18 Motion Pictures">
Viacom 18 Motion Pictures

Viacom 18 Motion Pictures, a part of Viacom 18 (a Viacom and Network 18 joint venture) based in Mumbai, is one of the first studio model based motion picture business in India, with an operation that involves acquisition, production, syndication, marketing and world wide distribution of full-length feature films.

</doc>
<doc id="18436764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18436764" title="Lake Galichskoye">
Lake Galichskoye

Lake Galichskoye () is a freshwater lake in the northern part of Kostroma Oblast, Russia that takes its name from the old town of Galich sitting on its south bank. It is situated at the height of 100 meters above mean sea level, stretching for 17 km from west to east. The lake area is 75.4 km2. The lake is shallow (up to 5 meters deep), its banks are marshy, and the bottom is silty. The lake has been noted for its fishing, but is currently in danger of silting up. It is the source of the Vyoksa River.

</doc>
<doc id="18436769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18436769" title="Gone in the Morning">
Gone in the Morning

"Gone in the Morning" is a song by English singer-songwriter and musician Newton Faulkner from his debut studio album "Hand Built by Robots" (2007). The song was released on June 19, 2008 as the album's fifth and final single. The song was written by Toby Faulkner, Newton Faulkner and produced by Andy McKim. The song peaked to number 83 on the UK Singles Chart.

</doc>
<doc id="18436776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18436776" title="Lomo a lo pobre">
Lomo a lo pobre

Lomo a lo Pobre consists of a loin cut of meat topped with one or more fried eggs and generally served with French fries and fried onions.
There are several possible origins for the name, one is that it was named so because of the irony of nineteenth century Peruvian commonsfolk eating similar dishes with an abundance of food and at a heavy price, despite their economic situation. 

</doc>
<doc id="18436789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18436789" title="Blunderbuss (EP)">
Blunderbuss (EP)

Blunderbuss is an EP by singer-songwriter Teddy Thompson. Released on October 22, 2004, between his debut album and "Separate Ways"; the EP is permanently out of stock and difficult to obtain. A variation of "Turning the Gun On Myself" appears on Thompson's 2008 album, "A Piece of What You Need".

</doc>
<doc id="18436828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18436828" title="Trevor Menear">
Trevor Menear

Trevor Menear is a guitarist and singer-songwriter from Chicago. His music encompasses many genres such as Rock, Jazz and Blues. His guitar playing has been compared to Jimi Hendrix and Duane Allman, who are amongst his list of influences that also include Miles Davis, Frank Zappa, The Beatles and Nirvana.
History.
Trevor Menear was born in Grand Rapids, MI, but moved to Chicago with his family at a young age. His parents (his father is radio personality Kevin Minear) introduced him to music by giving him a drum kit at age 3, and later enrolled him in piano lessons. However, it wasn't until age 10 when he started playing the guitar. Trevor continued to pursue music with various bands during his younger years performing original material as well as covers.
Menear attended the University of Tennessee, where he studied jazz performance for two years before returning to Chicago to become more involved with his own music and the Chicago music scene. In addition to writing and performing his own material, Menear has experimented with producing his own tracks. He contributed a version of John Lennon's "John Sinclair" for Warner Bros. "Instant Karma." Menear chose to record the song with an antique Meissner 9-1065 78 rpm record lathe, which records directly into a vinyl acetate.
Trevor made his first television appearance on September 28, 2007 on ABC 7 where he was interviewed about his track contribution to "Instant Karma". Menear also participated in the 2008 SXSW Music Festival in Austin, Texas, CMJ Music Festival in New York and has toured with Rock The Vote. Trevor currently resides in Silverlake, CA.

</doc>
<doc id="18436850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18436850" title="Utah State Route 225">
Utah State Route 225

State Route 225 (SR-225) is a state highway in the U.S. state of Utah that spans in Farmington, Davis County. The route connects I-15 to US-89 and SR-106 as it passes through the center of Farmington on Park Lane. The highway was formed in 1964, initially having its west end at US-89 and I-15 before the terminus moved further west to Clark Lane in 2005. The eastern terminus has always remained at SR-106.
Route description.
The route actually begins on "West Side of Structure over Union Pacific Railroad and Frontrunner easterly via Park
Lane in Farmington City". (This is according to UDOT, and the actual length is 0.745 miles). About north of the junction, the route turns northeast to intersect at I-15, where there is an off-ramp from southbound I-15 on exit 325 and an on-ramp from SR-225 onto northbound I-15. Immediately after, SR-225 comes to another interchange, this time with the US-89 freeway, which includes access to southbound I-15. Past this intersection, the route heads due west before intersecting an access road to Lagoon Amusement Park and terminating at SR-106.
History.
State Route 225 was established in 1964, initially going from US-89 east on Burke Lane (which today is Park Lane) to SR-106. In 1967, the western terminus was moved to I-15 when it was constructed through the area. In 2005, the route was extended southwest to Clark Lane.

</doc>
<doc id="18436853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18436853" title="Nur-eldeen Masalha">
Nur-eldeen Masalha

Nur-eldeen (Nur) Masalha (; born 4 January 1957, Galilee, Israel) is a Palestinian writer and academic.
He is Historian and Professor of Religion and Politics and Director of the Centre for Religion and History and the Holy Land Research Project at St. Mary's University College, University of Surrey. He is also Programme Director of the MA in Religion, Politics and Conflict Resolution at St Mary's. He is currently also Professorial Research Associate, Department of History, School of Oriental and African Studies (University of London). He is also a member of the Kuwait Programme, Department of Government, London School of Economics (monograph, with Stephanie Cronin, on ‘The Islamic Republic of Iran and the GCC States: From Revolution to Realpolitik?).
He is also the editor of "Holy Land Studies: A Multidisciplinary Journal", published by Edinburgh University Press, and the author of many books on Palestine-Israel, including "The Zionist Bible: Biblical Precedent, Colonialism and the Erasure of Memory" (2013), "The Palestine Nakba: Decolonising History, Narrating the Subaltern, Reclaiming Memory" (January 2012), "The Bible and Zionism: Invented Traditions, Archaeology and Post-Colonialism in Palestine-Israel" (2007), "A Land Without a People" (1997), "Expulsion of the Palestinians: The Concept of "Transfer" in Zionist Political Thought, 1882-1948" (1992), "Imperial Israel and the Palestinians: The Politics of Expansion" (2000) and "The Politics of Denial: Israel and the Palestinian Refugee Problem" (2003).
Masalha has also served as an honorary fellow in the Centre for Middle Eastern and Islamic Studies, Durham University; Research Associate in the Department of Law at the School of Oriental and African Studies; and has taught at Birzeit University in Ramallah, West Bank.
Masalha is also the historian commentator in the award–winning, documentary film “La Terre Parle Arabe” (the Land Speaks Arabic) (2007), directed by Maryse Gargour, which tells the story of the background and build-up to the expulsion and flight of the Palestinian Arabs in 1948 from the newly created State of Israel.
Education.
Masalha studied as an undergraduate and a postgraduate at the Hebrew University in Jerusalem. He obtained a PhD in politics from the School of Oriental and African Studies, University of London.
Holy Land Studies: A Multidisciplinary Journal.
Masalha is co-founder and Editor of "Holy Land Studies: A Multidisciplinary Journal", a fully refereed journal published by Edinburgh University Press. A Spanish-language edition, "Estudios de Tierra Santa: Una Revista Multidisciplinaria"', is published by Editorial Canaán, Buenos Aires, and Faculty of Philosophy and Letters, University of Buenos Aires, Argentina.
The journal was co-founded with Michael Prior (theologian) in 2002. Members of the Editorial Board and International Advisory Board included the late Edward W. Said, Hisham Sharabi and Samih Farsoun. Current members include Noam Chomsky, Ilan Pappe, Yaser Suleiman, Stephanie Cronin, Tim Niblock, Dan Rabinowitz, Naseer Aruri, As’ad Ghanem, Naim Ateek, Donald Wagner, Ismael Abu-Saad, Oren Yiftachel, William Dalrymple, Salim Tamari, Rosemary Radford Ruether and Thomas L. Thompson.
Critique of Benny Morris.
Alongside Norman Finkelstein, Masalha has been critical of Benny Morris's first publication on the 1948 Palestinian exodus: "The Birth of the Palestinian Refugee Problem (1988)". Masalha argues that Morris’s conclusions have a pro-Israeli bias, in that:
Both Finkelstein and Masalha prefer the central conclusion that there was a transfer policy.
In a reply to Finkelstein and Masalha, Morris answers he "saw enough material, military and civilian, to obtain an accurate picture of what happened," that Finkelstein and Masalha draw their conclusions with a pro-Palestinian bias, and that with regard to the distinction between military assault and expulsion they should accept that he uses a "more narrow and severe" definition of expulsions. Morris holds to his central conclusion that there was no transfer policy.

</doc>
<doc id="18436867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18436867" title="Dina Azar">
Dina Azar

Dina Azar (Arabic: دينا عازار) is 1995 Miss Lebanon. She was born in Achrafieh, Lebanon on July 4, 1973. She holds a BA degree in English Literature. She is currently a presenter for "Celebrities Duet" on LBC. She hosted "Mahatat" on Al Arabiya. Azar was also an anchor for Miss Lebanon pageants.
Elected miss Lebanon in 1995, she was the face of major brands in the Middle East such as Evian, Lux and was involved in several high profile launches alongside celebrities such as Cindy Crawford and others.
She currently is a designer for her own label brand of equisite jewellery named after herself.
Personal life.
Azar is single following a brief marriage that lasted for just a few months in 2012 that ended in a quick and difficult divorce from her ex-husband who lived in the U.S..
Television.
Dina participated in several television programs.

</doc>
<doc id="18436868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18436868" title="Monterey Colonial architecture">
Monterey Colonial architecture

Monterey Colonial is an architectural style developed in Alta California (California while it was still under Mexican rule) involving two stories, porches, a hip roof, and adobe walls. It was supposedly originated by Thomas O. Larkin who had moved from New England to Monterey, California and built the Larkin House in 1835. However, Mariano Vallejo began building another example, the Rancho Petaluma Adobe very soon after.

</doc>
<doc id="18436878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18436878" title="Harare Tribune">
Harare Tribune

The Harare Tribune is an online daily newspaper published in Zimbabwe. It is based in Harare and has a staff of 16.
Background.
The Tribune is among a number of online newspapers that have come to the fore since the ZANU-PF government waged wars against the independent media around 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="18436896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18436896" title="Richard Southey (colonial administrator)">
Richard Southey (colonial administrator)

Sir Richard Southey KCMG (25 April 1808 – 22 July 1901) was a British colonial administrator, cabinet minister and landowner in South Africa.
Early life.
Southey was the son of 1820 Settlers leader George Southey of Culmstock, Devon, and later of Bloemhof Farm, Albany. He voyaged to South Africa with his family aboard the "Kennersley Castle" in 1820. The family were the cadet branch of a family of Devonshire gentry and were cousins to Poet Laureate Robert Southey.
Career.
Southey began his career as an officer during the Frontier Wars of the Eastern Cape. He was a lieutenant in the Albany Mounted Sharpshooters and Captain of the Corps of Guides. 
It was during this conflict, in May 1835, that the Xhosa paramount chief Hintsa was shot in the head by Richard Southey’s brother, George. Hintsa had been taken captive by Governor Harry Smith, during peace talks, and was being guarded by Southey's Corps of Guides when he was killed while trying to escape. His body was partially dismembered for trophies afterwards, by George and William Southey among others.
Richard Southey worked particularly closely with Sir Harry Smith during this time, and later became his Secretary in Natal. He went on to fill two of the highest offices in the colonial government; firstly as Treasurer (1861-1864) and later as Colonial Secretary (1864-1872). 
Colonial Secretary (1864-1872).
As Colonial Secretary, he consistently and strongly opposed the growing movement for Responsible Government (local democracy) for the Cape. He was also noted for his expansionist politics regarding the Cape's neighbouring states. He firmly believed in bringing all southern African states - especially the remaining indigenous African states - under British imperial rule. This strategy, together with his "native policy" was strongly criticised by the local Cape Parliament of the time, which was dominated by liberal politicians such as Saul Solomon.
In 1872, the Cape finally achieved responsible government under the leadership of its first Prime Minister John Molteno. Southey was then discretely retired from the post of Colonial Secretary.
Lieutenant-Governor of Griqualand-West (1873-1875).
To the north of the Cape Colony, the neighbouring state of Griqualand West had recently come under British Imperial control. In 1873, Southey was appointed Lieutenant-Governor of Griqualand-West, where he had previously found one of the first diamonds in South Africa, on a witch doctor. He had laid it on a table before the Cape Parliament and declared "Gentlemen, this is the rock on which the future success of South Africa will be built".
He had previously also done a great deal of work in settling the boundaries and land ownership claims in Griqualand-West. In 1871, soon after the diamond discovery, the land was being claimed by the local Griqua people (represented by their agent David Arnot), by the Orange Free State, by the British, and even by migrant diggers who had staged a revolt. Southey had engineered the eventual British takeover, persuading Chief Waterboer to accept British protection, according to the discovery of the corrupt British Charles Warren Report, commission and Land Claims court, by Claudine Fourie-Grosvenor in 2004 & 8. Griualand-West itself was annexed to the Cape soon afterwards, ironically thereby gaining Responsible Government, which Southey was so firmly against.
In Griqualand, as in the Cape Colony, he was a firm proponent of British imperial expansion and favoured British annexation of the neighbouring Tswana states. (This controversial annexation of "Bechuanaland" was eventually carried out, but only a decade after Southey had left Griqualand.)
Eastern Cape Opposition (1876-1878).
Southey's opposition to Responsible Government still had considerable support among the white British settler population of the Eastern Cape. They were predominantly supportive of more direct British rule, and of annexation of the neighbouring Xhosa land of the Transkei, so when Southey returned to the Eastern Cape, he was soon elected to the Cape Parliament as the member for Grahamstown. In this capacity, he joined fellow easterners John Paterson and Gordon Sprigg, as the opposition to the ministry of John Molteno.
Southey's career finally ended in 1878, when Britain suspended the elected Cape Government, and assumed direct control of the Colony.
Later life and family.
His residence in Cape Town was Southfield House in Plumstead, where he died in 1901.
His first wife was Isabella Shaw (1810-1869). After her death he married Susan Krynauw (1842-1890) who became Lady Southey. He had two daughters and eight sons, including Richard Southey who gained distinction as a military commander.
His niece was Lady Frost, born Frances Cordelia Powell, married to Sir John Frost.
Southey is ancestor to several distinguished South African families.

</doc>
<doc id="18436921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18436921" title="Malfrida">
Malfrida

Malfrida (died 1000) was the probably Bohemian wife of grand prince of Kiev Vladimir I of Kiev.
Primary Chronicle mentioned about a death of woman named "Malfrida". Russian historian Vasily Tatishchev supposed that Malfrida was a Bohemian wife of Vladimir I of Kiev.
Other historian supposed that Malfida was indical to Malusha.
Probably children.
Bohemian wife of Vladimir I of Kiev probably had two sons with him:

</doc>
<doc id="18436930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18436930" title="Chuck McKibben">
Chuck McKibben

Charles "Chuck" McKibben (born February 1947 in Dayton, Ohio) is an American voice actor, broadcast producer/director, voice-over coach, and audiobook reader. McKibben uses the proper name of "Charles" for his more serious readings.
Biography.
Education.
McKibben went to Cleveland Elementary School, Dayton, Ohio, where he was in the class of 1962, and Belmont High School, Dayton, class of 1966. He also attended the University of Cincinnati's College-Conservatory of Music Broadcasting Division for several years.
Early career.
McKibben began his career as an announcer on WING (AM) in Dayton, Ohio while still in high school. By his mid-20s, McKibben had advanced from various radio announcing jobs, such as being the afternoon "drive time" host on Cincinnati station WSAI-FM, to becoming the personal recording engineer/producer and studio manager for "The Man of 1,000 Voices," Mel Blanc. McKibben's daily responsibilities at Mel Blanc Audiomedia in Beverly Hills, California included recording Blanc himself (famed "voice" of a vast number of cartoon characters, including Bugs Bunny, Daffy Duck, Porky Pig, Yosemite Sam, Sylvester and Tweety, etc.) for a variety of motion picture, advertising and theme park projects. In addition, McKibben conducted recording sessions for commercials and syndicated radio programs with many iconic performers, such as Academy Award-winning actors Kirk Douglas and Jack Palance, Jack Benny, Vincent Price and Rod Serling, plus major voice artists such as Ernie Anderson, Paul Frees, Casey Kasem and Gary Owens.
Career in New York City.
McKibben's experience in Los Angeles was followed by a 30-year career (1976–2006) in New York City as the writer, producer, director and frequent "voice" of numerous radio and TV commercials. Although he worked primarily as the staff broadcast production director for two advertising agencies, and received numerous industry awards for his creative efforts, he also enjoyed considerable acceptance as a freelance voice artist.
Commercial Associations.
In the late 1980s, for example, McKibben was chosen to launch the "My First Sony" line of children's electronics as the sole national TV spokesman, and through the 90's, he was a daily "presence" for New York viewers as the senior promo announcer for Time Warner Cable of New York City. McKibben's longest association as a TV spokesman for any advertiser was his 15-year run with Lexus of Smithtown (Long Island), completed just prior to his leaving New York.
Audio Books.
Although he continues to record commercials and narration for clients as far away as Abu Dhabi, since January 2007 (when he moved to Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) Chuck McKibben has concentrated on the audiobook field, recording extensively for North Carolina-based publisher AudioRealms, Inc.
Teaching.
In addition, McKibben teaches voice-over skills to aspiring voice actors, and produces demo recordings for them, in his home studio. His name appears at www.harlanhogan.com in the list of recommended voice-over coaches on the East Coast.

</doc>
<doc id="18436977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18436977" title="Dialogue &amp; Company">
Dialogue &amp; Company

Dialogue & Company was a shipbuilding firm located in Camden, New Jersey. It was founded by John H. Dialogue who was born in 1828.
National Iron Armor and Shipbuilding Company.
In 1858 Dialogue moved to Kaighn’s Point in Camden and in 1862, with several partners, founded the National Iron Armor and Shipbuilding Company, which opened a year later. The first boat to be built at the shipyard was the screw-driven "Lookout" of 25 tons.
River Iron Works, Dialogue & Wood proprietors.
In 1870 the shipyard was renamed River Iron Works, Dialogue & Wood, proprietors. The first boat to be built at this facility was the 48 ton screw-driven "Frank G. Fowler". On the death of Mr. Wood, Mr. Dialogue took over control of the business.
Growth of the shipyard.
By the late 19th century, the shipyard grew to with of waterfront, employing up to 800 workers. The shipyard produced numerous tugboats for the civilian market as well as for the U.S. Navy. In 1871 the shipyard was building iron vessels ordered by the Revenue Marine department, such as the United States Steamship "Colfax". In 1876 she participated in the restoration of the USS "Constitution". In 1878 she commenced building compound engine tugboats. And, during the Spanish-American War, the shipyard completed and launched the United States Navy gunboat Princeton, which was sent to the Caribbean and was decommissioned in 1919.
Forced out of business.
John H. Dialogue died in 1898, and his son, John H. Dialogue, Jr., took over the business and ran it until just prior to World War I when he was forced out of business.

</doc>
<doc id="18436984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18436984" title="Annabella Hilal">
Annabella Hilal

Annabella Samir Hilal (born 1986, Achrafieh, Beirut) is a Lebanese model and TV presenter.
Hilal was born into an Orthodox Christian family, and (aside from Arabic), is fluent in English and French. Hilal studied at the "Collège des Pères Antonins" school of Baabda, graduating in 2004, where she earned a Master's in Law. Her ambition is to become a judge.
Hilal was first runner-up in the 2005 Miss Lebanon contest. Following this, Hilal participated in the Miss World 2006 contest, in Warsaw (Poland), reaching the Top 7.
Recently, she presented LBC's Mission Fashion, an Arabic Reality TV show where contestants are judged on their abilities as designers and runway models. Currently, she is a presenter for MBC's popular TV show Arab Idol, alongside Abdullah Tleihy.
On November 14, 2009, Anabella Hillal married Dr. Nader Saab, a plastic surgeon (several years her elder), in a Christian ceremony in Cyprus. She gave birth to her first child, a daughter named Mayeva, on August 21, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="18436989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18436989" title="Tempe Union High School District">
Tempe Union High School District

The Tempe Union High School District is a school district of high schools in Tempe, Arizona, USA. Its service area includes all of Tempe, the city of Chandler, Arizona west of the Loop 101, Guadalupe, the Gila River Indian Community in Maricopa County, and the Ahwatukee area of Phoenix.
The district operates six comprehensive high schools and Compadre Academy, an alternative school for high-risk students. Tempe High School also teaches the International Baccalaureate. Peggy Payne Academy, once an independent 'school-within-a-school' for gifted students, is now a program of McClintock High School.

</doc>
<doc id="18436994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18436994" title="Jeff Xavier">
Jeff Xavier

Jeff Xavier (born 7 September, 1985) is a Cape Verdean American basketball player who currently plays for Ford Burgos in LEB Oro league. He is a 2009 graduate of Providence College. Xavier transferred to Providence after two years at Manhattan College. Xavier is a member of the Cape Verde national basketball team. He is a graduate of St. Raphael Academy in Pawtucket.
Professional career.
In 2009-10 season he signed with Leche Río Breogán, team of LEB Oro. In the next season, he went to Cáceres 2016 of the same league. In 2011, Xavier signed with his third LEB Oro team in three seasons: Palencia Baloncesto.

</doc>
<doc id="18436999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18436999" title="Berilo">
Berilo

Berilo is a municipality in the northeast of the Brazilian state of Minas Gerais. As of 2007 the population was 13,214 in a total area of 586 km². The elevation is 401 meters. It is part of the IBGE statistical meso-region of Jequitinhonha and the micro-region of Capelinha. It became a municipality in 1963.
The economy is based on cattle raising and agriculture, with the main crops being coffee, pineapple, sugarcane, and corn. There were plantations of eucalyptus trees for charcoal production. In 2005 there were 1830 rural producers but only 1 tractor. As of 2005 there was one hospital and 5 public health clinics. Educational needs were met by 19 primary schools and 2 middle schools. There were 304 automobiles in 2006, giving a ratio of 40 inhabitants per automobile (there were 813 motorcycles). There was one bank in 2007. 
Neighboring municipalities are: Francisco Badaró, Chapada do Norte, Virgem da Lapa, and José Gonçalves de Minas. The distance to Belo Horizonte is 545 km. The nearest major population center, Minas Novas (pop. 30,578 in 2007), is 42 km. on secondary roads.
Social Indicators
Berilo is ranked low on the MHDI and was one of the poorest municipalities in the state and in the country in 2000. 
The above figures can be compared with those of Poços de Caldas, which had an MHDI of .841, the highest in the state of Minas Gerais. The highest in the country was São Caetano do Sul in the state of São Paulo with an MHDI of .919. The lowest was Manari in the state of Pernambuco with an MHDI of .467 out of a total of 5504 municipalities in the country as of 2004. At last count Brazil had 5,561 municipalities so this might have changed at the time of this writing.

</doc>
<doc id="18437018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18437018" title="Sophisticated Lady (Ella Fitzgerald and Joe Pass album)">
Sophisticated Lady (Ella Fitzgerald and Joe Pass album)

Sophisticated Lady is a live album by Ella Fitzgerald, accompanied by Joe Pass, released in 2001 (see 2001 in music).
Track listing.
For the 2001 Pablo CD Issue, PACD-5310-2
Personnel.
Recorded in Hamburg, Germany and Tokyo, Japan in 1975 and 1983. 

</doc>
<doc id="18437022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18437022" title="Small triambic icosahedron">
Small triambic icosahedron

In geometry, the small triambic icosahedron is the dual to the uniform small ditrigonal icosidodecahedron. It is composed of 20 intersecting isogonal hexagon faces. It has 60 edges and 32 vertices, and Euler characteristic of −8.
If the intersected hexagonal faces are divided and new edges created, this figure becomes the triakis icosahedron. The descriptive name "triakis icosahedron" represents a topological construction starting with an icosahedron and attaching tetrahedrons to each face. With the proper pyramid height this figure becomes a Catalan solid by the same name and the dual of the truncated dodecahedron.
The nonconvex uniform polyhedra great stellated dodecahedron and great dodecahedron, as viewed as surface topologies, can also be constructed as icosahedron with pyramids, the first with much tall pyramids, and the second with inverted ones.
It is also a uniform dual, and is the dual of the small ditrigonal icosidodecahedron. Other uniform duals which are also stellations of the icosahedron are the medial triambic icosahedron and the great triambic icosahedron.
As a stellation.
This figure is also the first stellation of the icosahedron, and given as Wenninger model index 26.
This stellation is a popular subject for construction in modular origami, often made of thirty Sonobe units.

</doc>
<doc id="18437028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18437028" title="Carbonita">
Carbonita

Carbonita is a municipality in the northeast of the Brazilian state of Minas Gerais. As of 2007 the population was 10,145 in a total area of 1,454 km². The elevation of the town center is 751 meters. It is part of the IBGE statistical meso-region of Jequitinhonha and the micro-region of Capelinha. It became a municipality in 1963.
The economy is based on cattle raising and agriculture, with the main crops being coffee, sugarcane, and corn. There are extensive plantations of eucalyptus trees for charcoal production. In 2005 there were 629 rural producers but only 13 tractors. As of 2005 there was one hospital with 22 beds and 6 public health clinics. Educational needs were met by 7 primary schools and 1 middle school. There were 779 automobiles in 2006, giving a ratio of 12 inhabitants per automobile (there were 902 motorcycles). There was one bank in 2007. 
Neighboring municipalities are: Turmalina, Veredinha, Itamarandiba, Diamantina, Senador Modestino Gonçalves and Bocaiúva. The distance to Belo Horizonte is 421 km. The nearest major population center, Itamarandiba, is 46 km. on secondary roads. Highway access from the capital is made by Curvelo and Diamantina, via BR-040, BR-135, BR-259 and BR-367; from João Monlevade, Guanhães, São João Evangelista, Coluna and Itamarandiba, via BR-381, MG-129, BR-120 and BR-451. 
Social Indicators
Carbonita is ranked low on the MHDI and was one of the poorest municipalities in the state and in the country in 2000.
The above figures can be compared with those of Poços de Caldas, which had an MHDI of .841, the highest in the state of Minas Gerais. The highest in the country was São Caetano do Sul in the state of São Paulo with an MHDI of .919. The lowest was Manari in the state of Pernambuco with an MHDI of .467 out of a total of 5504 municipalities in the country as of 2004. At last count Brazil had 5,561 municipalities so this might have changed at the time of this writing. 

</doc>
<doc id="18437044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18437044" title="Chapada do Norte">
Chapada do Norte

Chapada do Norte is a municipality in the northeast of the Brazilian state of Minas Gerais. As of 2007 the population was 15,429 in a total area of 828 km². The elevation of the town center is 751 meters. It is part of the IBGE statistical meso-region of Jequitinhonha and the micro-region of Capelinha. It became a municipality in 1963.
The economy is based on charcoal production, cattle raising and subsistence agriculture, with the main crops being beans, manioc, sugarcane, and corn. There are extensive plantations of eucalyptus trees for charcoal production. In 2005 there were 2150 rural producers but only 4 tractors. As of 2005 there were 7 public health clinics. Educational needs were met by 33 primary schools and 4 middle schools. There were 185 automobiles in 2006, giving a ratio of 83 inhabitants per automobile (there were 461 motorcycles). There was one bank in 2007. 
Neighboring municipalities are: Turmalina, Veredinha, Itamarandiba, Diamantina, Senador Modestino Gonçalves and Bocaiúva. The distance to Belo Horizonte is 421 km. The nearest major population center, Itamarandiba, is 46 km. on secondary roads. Highway access from the capital is made by Curvelo and Diamantina, via BR-040, BR-135, BR-259 and BR-367; from João Monlevade, Guanhães, São João Evangelista, Coluna and Itamarandiba, via BR-381, MG-129, BR-120 and BR-451. 
Social Indicators
Chapada do Norte is ranked low on the MHDI and was one of the poorest municipalities in the state and in the country in 2000.
The above figures can be compared with those of Poços de Caldas, which had an MHDI of .841, the highest in the state of Minas Gerais. The highest in the country was São Caetano do Sul in the state of São Paulo with an MHDI of .919. The lowest was Manari in the state of Pernambuco with an MHDI of .467 out of a total of 5504 municipalities in the country as of 2004. At last count Brazil had 5,561 municipalities so this might have changed at the time of this writing. 

</doc>
<doc id="18437050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18437050" title="Total Politics">
Total Politics

Total Politics is a British political magazine described as a "a lifestyle magazine for the political community". It was first published in June 2008 and is distributed freely to all MPs, MEPs, peers, political journalists, members of the Scottish, Welsh and Northern Irish assemblies, and all senior councillors down to district level as well as being available by subscription and sold on newsstands. The magazine was created by the Conservative journalist Iain Dale and the political commentator and author Shane Greer. The pair launched Total Politics with some financial backing from the then Deputy Chairman of the Conservative Party, Lord Ashcroft, who in return owned a 25% stake in parent company Biteback Media. The magazine claims to have a fundamental goal of being "unremittingly positive about the political process"
In 2012, Biteback Media was acquired by Dods.
In Conversation Interviews.
Each issue of Total Politics carries a set-piece ‘In Conversation’ interview with a senior figure from British politics. The interviews are presented in a question and answer format, with no interpretation or analysis". In addition, the interviews include a mini-interview called the ‘Quick Fire’ which is published as a box-out and involves more light-hearted questions. So far, interviewees have included:
Guide to Political Blogging.
Each year Total Politics publishes the Guide to Political Blogging in the UK, a book which includes a list of every political blog in the UK, lists of the best blogs in each blogging category (called Top Lists) and analysis of the British political blogosphere written by experts in political blogging. The Guide was originally published independently by Iain Dale, but was taken over by Total Politics when it launched in 2008. For the last two years the book has been sponsored by APCO Worldwide. 
The Top Lists categories (as of the 2009/2010 blogging guide) are:
The winners in each category are determined by public vote through an email poll. As well as being recognised in the Guide, winners are also provided with digital awards badges to put on their blogs.
Total Politics Ranking.
A common theme in Total Politics is the publication of rankings for all things politics. This includes one-off rankings such as the ‘Top 50 Political Myths’, the ‘Top 10 Political Gifts’ and annual rankings such as the ‘Top 100 Political Journalists’ and the ‘Top 100 Public Affairs Professionals’.
Editorial Board.
Designed to ensure political neutrality, the editorial board includes the following: -
Pre-Election Question Time Specials.
During February 2010 Total Politics teamed up with hotel chain City Inn, to put on four Question Time style debate sessions in Birmingham, Manchester, Leeds and London. 
The panels:
Birmingham:
Thursday 4 February, City Inn Hotel
Andrew Mitchell, Jacqui Smith, John Hemming, Marc Reeves (ex editor Birmingham Post)
Manchester:
Thursday 11 February, City Inn Hotel
Tony Lloyd, Graham Brady, Mark Hunter, David Ottewell (Manchester Evening News)
Leeds:
Thursday 18 February, City Inn Hotel
David Davis, Greg Mulholland, Rachel Reeves (Lab candidate for Leeds NW), Godfrey Bloom (UKIP)
London:
Thursday 25 February, City Inn Hotel
Eric Pickles, Tony McNulty, Lynne Featherstone, Steve Richards
The Manchester event was reviewed on the Manchester Salon website.

</doc>
<doc id="18437064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18437064" title="François Gonon">
François Gonon

François Gonon (born April 23, 1979) is a French orienteering competitor. He has received gold and silver medals with the French relay team in both world championships and European championships. He currently competes for the French orienteering club O'JURA and for the Swedish orienteering club IFK Göteborg.
He competed at the 2005 World Orienteering Championships in Aichi, where he received a silver medal in "relay" with the French team.
He received a silver medal in the "relay event" at the 2006 European Orienteering Championships in Otepää, together with Damien Renard and Thierry Gueorgiou.
He finished 6th overall in the Orienteering World Cup in 2007.
He received a bronze medal in the "long distance" at the 2008 World Orienteering Championships in Olomouc.
He received a bronze medal in the "long distance" at the 2011 World Orienteering Championships in Savoie.
He received a gold medal in the "relay event" at the 2011 World Orienteering Championships in Savoie.

</doc>
<doc id="18437065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18437065" title="Julius Rolshoven">
Julius Rolshoven

Julius Rolshoven (1858–1930) was a well-traveled American painter, with work firmly in the academic tradition.
Biography.
Rolshoven was born and raised in Detroit. At 18 he went to New York City to study at the Cooper Union Art School, then the Düsseldorf Academy, then continued on to Munich, studying under the Kentucky-born artist Frank Duveneck in his Venice and Florence schools, becoming one of the "Duveneck Boys". Finally Rolshoven returned to the United States at the beginning of World War I.
By 1916 Rolshoven had settled in the American southwest, setting up a studio in Santa Fe's Governor's Palace. He was also an early member of the Taos Society of Artists. From 1920 until his death he moved back and forth among his three residences, Florence, Detroit and Santa Fe. He died on shipboard in the Atlantic.

</doc>
<doc id="18437097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18437097" title="Francisco Badaró">
Francisco Badaró

Francisco Badaró is a municipality in the northeast of the Brazilian state of Minas Gerais. As of 1997 the population was 10,269 in a total area of 463 km². The elevation of the town center is 398 meters. It is part of the IBGE statistical meso-region of Jequitinhonha and the micro-region of Capelinha. It became a municipality in 1963.
The economy is based on cattle raising and subsistence agriculture, with the main crops being beans, manioc, sugarcane, and corn. 
Neighboring municipalities are: Jenipapo de Minas, Virgem da Lapa, Chapada do Norte, Araçuaí. The distance to Belo Horizonte is 723 km. 
Social Indicators.
Francisco Badaró is ranked low on the MHDI and was one of the poorest municipalities in the state and in the country in 2000.
The above figures can be compared with those of Poços de Caldas, which had an MHDI of .841, the highest in the state of Minas Gerais. The highest in the country was São Caetano do Sul in the state of São Paulo with an MHDI of .919. The lowest was Manari in the state of Pernambuco with an MHDI of .467 out of a total of 5504 municipalities in the country as of 2004. At last count Brazil had 5,561 municipalities so this might have changed at the time of this writing.

</doc>
<doc id="18437102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18437102" title="Cairo (comics)">
Cairo (comics)

Cairo is the first graphic novel of G. Willow Wilson with art by M.K. Perker, and published by the Vertigo imprint of DC Comics.
Synopsis.
The story is set in contemporary Cairo, and follows six characters as they are drawn into the intrigue surrounding a stolen hookah, a box containing East and the Under-Nile of legend.

</doc>
<doc id="18437110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18437110" title="Itamarandiba">
Itamarandiba

Itamarandiba is a Brazilian municipality located in the north-center of the state of Minas Gerais. Its population as of 2007 was 31,883 living in a total area of 2,736 km². The city belongs to the statistical mesoregion of Jequitinhonha and to the statistical microregion of Capelinha. It became a municipality in 1862. 
Itamarandiba is located at an elevation of 910 meters near the headwaters of the Rio Araçuai, which flows north into the Jequitinhonha River. It is northeast of Diamantina, Highway access is made by BR-451 and MG-214. This is one principal city of region.
The distance to Belo Horizonte is 380 km. Neighboring municipalities are: Diamantina, Aricanduva, Carbonita, Turmalina, Capelinha, Senador Modestino Gonçalves, Veredinha, Rio Vermelho, São Sebastião do Maranhão, Água Boa, and Coluna.
The main economic activities are services, agriculture, and small industries. The planting of eucalyptus for charcoal production is important and coffee cultivation has been increasing in recent years. The GDP in 2005 was R$94 million, with 60 million from services, 7 million from industry, and 20 million from agriculture. There were 1,981 rural producers on 84,000 hectares of land. Only 93 farms had tractors (2006). The main crops (2007) were eucalyptus trees, sugarcane, coffee (800 hectares), beans, and corn (2,600 hectares). There were 30,000 head of cattle (2006). In 2007 there was 1 bank. 
Itamarandiba is ranked in the bottom tier of municipalities in the state in human development.
The highest ranking municipality in Minas Gerais in 2000 was Poços de Caldas with 0.841, while the lowest was Setubinha with 0.568. Nationally the highest was São Caetano do Sul in São Paulo with 0.919, while the lowest was Setubinha. In more recent statistics (considering 5,507 municipalities) Manari in the state of Pernambuco has the lowest rating in the country—0,467—putting it in last place.
There were 17 health clinics and 2 hospitals with 90 beds in 2005. Educational needs were met by 44 primary schools and 1 middle school. There were campuses of a private college and a public college. 

</doc>
<doc id="18437112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18437112" title="Jenipapo de Minas">
Jenipapo de Minas

Jenipapo de Minas is a municipality in the northeast of the Brazilian state of Minas Gerais. As of 2007 the population was 6,905 in a total area of 284 km². The elevation of the town center is 521 meters. It is part of the IBGE statistical meso-region of Jequitinhonha and the micro-region of Capelinha. It became a municipality in 1997.
The economy is based on charcoal production, cattle raising and subsistence agriculture, with the main crops being beans, manioc, sugarcane, and corn. There are extensive plantations of eucalyptus trees for charcoal production. In 2005 there were 642 rural producers but only 5 tractors. As of 2005 there were 3 public health clinics. Educational needs were met by 15 primary schools and 1 middle school. There were 64 automobiles in 2006, giving a ratio of 107 inhabitants per automobile (there were 293 motorcycles). There were no banks in 2007. 
Neighboring municipalities are: Araçuaí and Francisco Badaró. The distance to Belo Horizonte is 734 km. 
Social Indicators
Jenipapo de Minas is ranked low on the MHDI and was one of the poorest municipalities in the state and in the country in 2000.
The above figures can be compared with those of Poços de Caldas, which had an MHDI of .841, the highest in the state of Minas Gerais. The highest in the country was São Caetano do Sul in the state of São Paulo with an MHDI of .919. The lowest was Manari in the state of Pernambuco with an MHDI of .467 out of a total of 5504 municipalities in the country as of 2004. At last count Brazil had 5,561 municipalities so this might have changed at the time of this writing.

</doc>
<doc id="18437126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18437126" title="José Gonçalves de Minas">
José Gonçalves de Minas

José Gonçalves de Minas is a municipality in the northeast of the Brazilian state of Minas Gerais. As of 2007 the population was 4,547 in a total area of 382 km². The elevation of the town center is 546 meters. It is part of the IBGE statistical meso-region of Jequitinhonha and the micro-region of Capelinha. It became a municipality in 1997.
The economy is based on charcoal production, cattle raising and subsistence agriculture, with the main crops being beans, manioc, sugarcane, and corn. There are extensive plantations of eucalyptus trees for charcoal production. In 2005 there were 254 rural producers but only 8 tractors. As of 2005 there were 3 public health clinics, none of which were equipped for diagnosis or general treatment. Educational needs were met by 6 primary schools and 1 middle school. There were 92 automobiles in 2006, giving a ratio of 50 inhabitants per automobile (there were 366 motorcycles). There were no banks in 2007. 
Neighboring municipalities are: Cristália, Grão Mogol, Virgem da Lapa, Berilo, Francisco Badaró, Chapada do Norte, Leme do Prado, and Botumirim. The distance to Belo Horizonte is 529 km. 
Social indicators.
José Gonçalves de Minas is ranked low on the MHDI and was one of the poorest municipalities in the state and in the country in 2000.
The above figures can be compared with those of Poços de Caldas, which had an MHDI of .841, the highest in the state of Minas Gerais. The highest in the country was São Caetano do Sul in the state of São Paulo with an MHDI of .919. The lowest was Manari in the state of Pernambuco with an MHDI of .467 out of a total of 5504 municipalities in the country as of 2004. At last count Brazil had 5,561 municipalities so this might have changed at the time of this writing.

</doc>
<doc id="18437132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18437132" title="Marisol Grondin">
Marisol Grondin

Marisol Grondin (born January 8, 1985) is a Canadian singer and dancer from La Pêche in the Outaouais region of Quebec.
Early life.
From the age of four, Marisol made her first appearance on stage and began to take dance classes which she continued for 14 years.
Life.
After participating in dozens of competitions, Marisol competed in a competition at the Château Laurier hotel in Ottawa for the agency "Angie Models and Images" in 1999. Sixteen people out of just over five hundred were chosen to go to Los Angeles (Hollywood) where they were given vocational training with the "Showbizz Greats" including international dance, song, theatre and fashion experts. The trip allowed her to compete against artists from around the globe. She returned home with five prizes.
She ranked among the 50 finalists for Quebec women auditioning for the role of Juliette in the musical "Romeo and Juliet". After the competition she was offered a recording contract from Suddio Piccolo which is a Montreal studio. Her dream was realized at the age of 15.
Cirque du Soleil offered her a place in their European tour of the show Kidam for a three-year term, but the studio's artistic director took her money. It took her a few years to recover but by the age of 19 she resumed her career goals. In January 2005, she participated in the Star Academy competition. Among nearly 6000 competitors, Marisol was one of the 30 finalists.
She is the owner of a music school called "Unison Musique" and sings throughout the province of Quebec.

</doc>
<doc id="18437137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18437137" title="Leme do Prado">
Leme do Prado

Leme do Prado is a municipality in the northeast of the Brazilian state of Minas Gerais. As of 2007 the population was 4,930 in a total area of 281 km². The elevation is 431 meters. It is part of the IBGE statistical meso-region of Jequitinhonha and the micro-region of Capelinha. It became a municipality in 1995.
The economy is based on cattle raising, services, and agriculture, with the main crops being coffee, rice, beans, sugarcane, and corn. There were plantations of eucalyptus trees for charcoal production. In 2005 there were 404 rural producers but only 5 tractors. 1,200 persons were dependent on agriculture. As of 2005 there were 6 public health clinics, with 2 of them carrying out diagnosis and complete therapy. Educational needs were met by 8 primary schools and 1 middle school. There were 113 automobiles in 2006, giving a ratio of 49 inhabitants per automobile (there were 299 motorcycles). There were no banks in 2007. 
Neighboring municipalities are: Botumirim, José Gonçalves de Minas, Chapada do Norte, and Turmalina. The distance to Belo Horizonte is 492 km. 
Social Indicators
Leme do Prado is ranked low on the MHDI and was one of the poorest municipalities in the state and in the country in 2000.
The above figures can be compared with those of Poços de Caldas, which had an MHDI of .841, the highest in the state of Minas Gerais. The highest in the country was São Caetano do Sul in the state of São Paulo with an MHDI of .919. The lowest was Manari in the state of Pernambuco with an MHDI of .467 out of a total of 5504 municipalities in the country as of 2004. At last count Brazil had 5,561 municipalities so this might have changed at the time of this writing.

</doc>
<doc id="18437142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18437142" title="SEIF SLAM">
SEIF SLAM

In robotics, the SEIF SLAM is the use of the sparse extended information filter (SEIF) to solve the simultaneous localization and mapping by maintaining a posterior over the robot pose and the map. Similar to GraphSLAM, the SEIF SLAM solves the SLAM problem fully, but is an online algorithm (GraphSLAM is offline).

</doc>
<doc id="18437184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18437184" title="Progerin">
Progerin

Progerin is a truncated version of lamin A protein involved in Hutchinson-Gilford progeria syndrome. Progerin is most often generated by a silent point mutation (C1824T) in the lamin A gene, LMNA. This mutation activates a cryptic splice site and gives rise to a form of lamin A with a deletion of 50 amino acids near the C-terminus. Approximately
80% of Hutchinson-Gilford progeria syndrome cases are heterozygous for this silent point mutation within exon 11 of the LMNA gene.
Lamin A constitutes a major structural component of the lamina, a scaffold of proteins found inside the nuclear membrane of a cell; progerin does not properly integrate into the lamina, which disrupts the scaffold structure and leads to significant disfigurement of the nucleus, characterized by a lobular shape. Researchers have shown that progerin activates genes that regulate stem cell differentiation via the Notch signaling pathway.
Researchers are exploring farnesyltransferase inhibitors as a potential pharmacological therapy against the negative effects of progerin on nuclear morphology.
Recently, rapamycin has been shown to prevent progerin aggregates in cells and hence delay premature aging.
Progerin, which has been linked to normal aging, is produced in healthy individuals via "sporadic use of the cryptic splice site".</ref>

</doc>
<doc id="18437214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18437214" title="Minas Novas">
Minas Novas

Minas Novas is a municipality in the northeast of the Brazilian state of Minas Gerais. As of 2007 the population was 30,578 in a total area of 1,810 km². The elevation of the urban area is 635 meters. It is part of the IBGE statistical meso-region of Jequitinhonha and the micro-region of Capelinha. It became a municipality in 1730.
The economy is based on cattle raising, services, and subsistence agriculture, with the main crops being coffee, rice, beans, sugarcane, and corn. There were plantations of eucalyptus trees for charcoal production. In 2005 there were 3,367 rural producers but only 19 tractors. 10,500 persons were dependent on agriculture. As of 2005 there were 10 public health clinics, with 1 of them carrying out diagnosis and complete therapy. There was one hospital 69 beds. Educational needs were met by 68 primary schools and 5 middle schools and 10 nursery schools. There were 867 automobiles in 2006, giving a ratio of 35 inhabitants per automobile (there were 1,290 motorcycles). There was one bank in 2007. 
Neighboring municipalities are: Capelinha, Chapada do Norte, Leme do Prado, Novo Cruzeiro, Setubinha, Turmalina and Virgem da Lapa. The distance to Belo Horizonte is 500 km. 
Social indicators.
Minas Novas is ranked low on the MHDI and was one of the poorest municipalities in the state and in the country in 2000.
The above figures can be compared with those of Poços de Caldas, which had an MHDI of .841, the highest in the state of Minas Gerais. The highest in the country was São Caetano do Sul in the state of São Paulo with an MHDI of .919. The lowest was Manari in the state of Pernambuco with an MHDI of .467 out of a total of 5504 municipalities in the country as of 2004. At last count Brazil had 5,561 municipalities so this might have changed at the time of this writing. 
Minas Novas was once an important center for diamond exploration during the colonial period. The name is derived from these diamond mines. Today it is famous for its handicrafts, especially figurines made of clay. An important religious festival takes place in June, celebrating the Virgin of Rosario. There is a strong African influence in the dances and costumes since this was a place that was mainly settled by slaves and later ex-slaves. 

</doc>
<doc id="18437253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18437253" title="Turmalina, Minas Gerais">
Turmalina, Minas Gerais

Turmalina is a municipality in the northeast of the Brazilian state of Minas Gerais. As of 2007 the population was 17,219 in a total area of 1,153 km². The elevation of the urban area is 718 meters. It is part of the IBGE statistical meso-region of Jequitinhonha and the micro-region of Capelinha. It became a municipality in 1949.
The economy is based on cattle raising, services, and subsistence agriculture, with the main crops being coffee, rice, beans, sugarcane, and corn. There were plantations of eucalyptus trees for charcoal production. In 2005 there were 1,053 rural producers but only 18 tractors. 3,900 persons were dependent on agriculture. As of 2005 there were 13 public health clinics, with 1 of them carrying out diagnosis and complete therapy. There was one hospital with 72 beds. Educational needs were met by 17 primary schools, 3 middle schools and 2 nursery schools. There were 1,101 automobiles in 2006, giving a ratio of 17 inhabitants per automobile (there were 1,988 motorcycles). There was one bank in 2007. 
Neighboring municipalities are: Bocaiúva, Botumirim, Capelinha, Carbonita, Leme do Prado, Minas Novas and Veredinha. The distance to Belo Horizonte is 500 km. 
Social Indicators
Turmalina is ranked in the middle on the MHDI and was in the middle tier of the municipalities in the state and in the country in 2000.
The above figures can be compared with those of Poços de Caldas, which had an MHDI of .841, the highest in the state of Minas Gerais. The highest in the country was São Caetano do Sul in the state of São Paulo with an MHDI of .919. The lowest was Manari in the state of Pernambuco with an MHDI of .467 out of a total of 5504 municipalities in the country as of 2004. At last count Brazil had 5,561 municipalities so this might have changed at the time of this writing. 

</doc>
<doc id="18437254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18437254" title="Death Toll">
Death Toll

Death Toll is a 2008 action film starring DMX, Lou Diamond Phillips, Leila Arcieri and Keshia Knight Pulliam, written and produced by Daniel Garcia of the rap group Kane & Abel and directed by Phenomenon. Filming was done in Baton Rouge, Louisiana and New Orleans, Louisiana.
Plot.
A powerful drug dealer has taken control of New Orleans, but as the authorities scramble to stop the bloodshed things only get worse in this violent thriller starring DMX, Lou Diamond Phillips, Leila Arcieri, and Keshia Knight Pulliam. "The Dog" (DMX) is a drug dealer who will stop at nothing to be the number one bad boy in the Big Easy. His ruthlessness is legendary, and his power far reaching. But the authorities are onto "The Dog," and now the time has come to put this pit-bull to sleep. Will they accomplish their mission before any more innocent lives are lost, or could it be that New Orleans' top dog is truly above the law?

</doc>
<doc id="18437263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18437263" title="Veredinha">
Veredinha

Veredinha is a municipality in the northeast of the Brazilian state of Minas Gerais. As of 2007 the population was 5,732 in a total area of 635 km². The elevation of the urban area is 635 meters. It is part of the IBGE statistical meso-region of Jequitinhonha and the micro-region of Capelinha. It became a municipality in 1995.
The economy is based on cattle raising, services, and subsistence agriculture, with the main crops being coffee, rice, beans, sugarcane, and corn. There were plantations of eucalyptus trees for charcoal production. In 2005 there were 667 rural producers but only 10 tractors. 1,900 persons were dependent on agriculture. As of 2005 there were 4 public health clinics, with none of them carrying out diagnosis and complete therapy. There were no hospitals. Educational needs were met by 7 primary schools, 2 middle schools and 2 nursery schools. There were 192 automobiles in 2006, giving a ratio of 28 inhabitants per automobile (there were 428 motorcycles). There were no banks in 2007. 
Neighboring municipalities are: Turmalina, Itamarandiba, Carbonita, Minas Novas and Capelinha. The distance to Belo Horizonte is 496 km. 
Social Indicators
Veredinha is ranked low on the MHDI and was one of the poorest municipalities in the state and in the country in 2000.
The above figures can be compared with those of Poços de Caldas, which had an MHDI of .841, the highest in the state of Minas Gerais. The highest in the country was São Caetano do Sul in the state of São Paulo with an MHDI of .919. The lowest was Manari in the state of Pernambuco with an MHDI of .467 out of a total of 5504 municipalities in the country as of 2004. At last count Brazil had 5,561 municipalities so this might have changed at the time of this writing. 

</doc>
<doc id="18437268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18437268" title="Alan Dale (disambiguation)">
Alan Dale (disambiguation)

Alan Dale (born 1947) is a New Zealand / Australian actor.
Alan Dale may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18437271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18437271" title="Monte Carlo POMDP">
Monte Carlo POMDP

In the class of Markov decision process algorithms, the Monte Carlo POMDP (MC-POMDP) is the particle filter version for the partially observable Markov decision process (POMDP) algorithm. In MC-POMDP, particles filters are used to update and approximate the beliefs, and the algorithm is applicable to continuous valued states, actions, and measurements.

</doc>
<doc id="18437284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18437284" title="Old Third District Courthouse">
Old Third District Courthouse

The Old Third District Courthouse in New Bedford, Massachusetts, United States, is located at the corner of Second and William streets. It was built in 1853 by Russell Warren in the Greek Revival architectural style, as the home of the New Bedford Institute for Savings, a local bank. After the bank moved, the Bristol County courts came in. They, too, eventually outgrew it and moved elsewhere in the city. Since the creation of New Bedford Whaling National Historic Park in 1996, it has been used by the National Park Service (NPS) as the park's visitor center.
History.
The building itself is a small two-story three-by-three-bay structure of brick with a raised basement and sandstone facade. A small bracketed cornice tops the windows and main entrance on William Street, which is fronted by a granite balustraded porch. The roofline is marked by a pediment. "THIRD DISTRICT COVRT OF BRISTOL" is carved into the second story in prominent letters.
It began life as the NBIS's building. When whaling declined in New Bedford, to be replaced by textiles, the bank moved to larger quarters downtown where it has remained ever since. The courts moved in in 1896, but later needed more space themselves, and moved out. During the mid-20th century it became a store, selling antiques at one time and auto parts at another. It had come back around to being used as a branch by Fleet Bank in 1995 when New Bedford's Waterfront Historic Preservation LEague (WHALE) bought it and turned it over to the NPS.
In 1971 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It is one of 20 contributing properties to the New Bedford Historic District, a National Historic Landmark, and diagonally opposite the U.S. Customhouse, also a National Historic Landmark.
Visitor Center.
Inside the building, during its hours of operation, park rangers offer brochures and guided walking tours of the historical park, which covers much of the waterfront area of New Bedford. The park's gift shop is also located on the premises. According to a 1999 study conducted for the Park Service, it is the most frequent start of a visitor's journey through the park.

</doc>
<doc id="18437298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18437298" title="Academic dress of the University of Leeds">
Academic dress of the University of Leeds

The University of Leeds, like other universities in the United Kingdom and many other countries throughout the world, has its own unique system of academic and ceremonial dress for undergraduates, graduates and senior officials. As at most other universities (exceptions include Oxford and Cambridge), graduands will wear the gown, hood and hat appropriate to the degree they are about to receive. All of the graduates' hoods incorporate one or more shades of green, and the Doctors of Philosophy, Education, Clinical Psychology are unique in the UK in having a green full-dress gown.
Doctors in full dress wear a coloured (scarlet or green) gown of Cambridge doctors' shape; doctors in undress, and masters, wear a black gown similar to that worn by Masters of Arts at Oxford, but with a crescent-shaped portion cut out of both sides of the boot of the sleeve (this is type in the Groves classification system); bachelors wear a black gown similar to that worn by Bachelors of Arts at Oxford, but with a vertical strip of Leeds lace on the forearm seam and around the yoke; and undergraduates may wear the Oxford scholars' gown. Hoods for doctors, and for Masters of Philosophy are in the full shape (that is, consisting of a cowl and a cape), while those for other graduates and licentiates are in simple shape (that is, having a cowl only, the shape used at Leeds being type [s7 in the Groves classification system).
During graduation ceremonies the University of Leeds only allows Undergraduates to wear academic dress rather than full academic dress. This means recipients of Bachelor degrees and Undergraduate Masters are not permitted to wear a mortarboard.
Hoods.
All hoods shall be without cape, except for Masters of Philosophy and Doctors, and the hoods of Bachelors shall be lined. The colours of hoods appropriate to licentiates and to graduates of the University shall be as follows:
Gowns.
The colours of gowns appropriate to licentiates and to graduates of the University shall be as follows: 

</doc>
<doc id="18437301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18437301" title="Staten Island Peace Conference">
Staten Island Peace Conference

The Staten Island Peace Conference was a brief meeting held in the hope of bringing an end to the American Revolutionary War. The conference took place on September 11, 1776, at Billop Manor, the residence of Colonel Christopher Billop, on Staten Island, New York. The participants were the British Admiral Lord Richard Howe, and members of the Second Continental Congress John Adams, Benjamin Franklin, and Edward Rutledge.
Since Lord Howe's authority was, by design, extremely limited, the Congressional delegation was pessimistic about the meeting's outcome. The conference, held in the days after the British capture of Long Island, lasted just three hours and was a failure. The Americans insisted on recognition of their recently declared independence, and Howe's limited authority was inadequate to deal with that development. After the conference, the British continued their military campaign for control of New York City.
Background.
When British authorities were planning how to deal with their rebellious North American colonies in late 1775 and early 1776, they decided to send a large military expedition to occupy New York City. Two brothers, Admiral Lord Richard Howe and General William Howe, were given command of the naval and land aspects of the operation respectively. Since they believed it might still be possible to end the dispute without further violence, the Howe brothers insisted on being granted diplomatic powers in addition to their military roles. Admiral Howe had previously discussed colonial grievances informally with Benjamin Franklin in 1774 and 1775, without resolution. General Howe believed that the problem of colonial taxation could be resolved while retaining the supremacy of Parliament. At first King George III reluctantly agreed to grant the Howes limited powers, but Lord George Germain took a harder line, and insisted that the Howes not be given any powers that might be seen as giving in to the colonial demands for relief from taxation without representation or the so-called Intolerable Acts. As a consequence, the Howes were only granted the ability to issue pardons and amnesties, but not to make any substantive concessions. The Commission was, however mandated to seek the re-establishment of the pre-war colonial assemblies, to offer again the terms of Lord North's Conciliatory Proposal regarding self-taxation, and to promise a further discussion of colonial grievances. 
After the fleet arrived in July 1776, Admiral Howe made several attempts to open communications with Continental Army General George Washington. Two attempts to deliver letters to Washington were rebuffed because Howe refused to recognize Washington's title. Washington did however agree to meet in person with one of Howe's adjutants, Colonel James Patterson. In the meeting on July 20, Washington learned that the Howes' diplomatic powers were essentially limited to the granting of pardons, to which he responded that the Americans had not committed any faults and thus did not need pardons. Lord Howe then sent a letter to Benjamin Franklin detailing a proposal for a truce and offers of pardons. After Franklin read the letter in Congress on July 30, he wrote back to the admiral that "Directing pardons to be offered to the colonies, who are the very parties injured, [...] can have no other effect than that of increasing our resentments. It is impossible we should think of submission to a government that has with the most wanton barbarity and cruelty burnt our defenseless town, [...] excited the savages to massacre our peaceful farmers, and our slaves to murder their masters, and is even now bringing foreign mercenaries to deluge our settlements with blood." He also pointed out to the admiral that "you once gave me expectations that reconciliation might take place." Howe was apparently somewhat taken aback by Franklin's forceful response.
In the Battle of Long Island on August 27, 1776, British forces successfully occupied western Long Island (modern Brooklyn), compelling Washington to withdraw his army to Manhattan. General Howe then paused to consolidate his gains, and the brothers decided to make a diplomatic overture. During the battle they had captured several high-ranking Continental Army officers, including Major General John Sullivan. The Howes managed to convince Sullivan that a conference with members of the Continental Congress might yield fruit, and released him on parole to deliver a message to the Congress in Philadelphia, proposing an informal meeting to discuss ending the armed conflict between Britain and its rebellious colonies. After Sullivan's speech to Congress, John Adams cynically commented on this diplomatic attempt, calling Sullivan a "decoy-duck" and accusing the British of sending Sullivan "to seduce us into a renunciation of our independence"; others noted that it appeared to be an attempt to blame Congress for prolonging the war. The Congress did however agree to send three of its members – Adams, Benjamin Franklin and Edward Rutledge – to a conference with Lord Howe. They were instructed "to ask a few Questions and take [Howe's] Answers", but had no further authority. When Howe learned of the committee's limited authority, he briefly considered calling the meeting off, but decided to proceed after discussion with his brother. None of the commissioners believed the conference would amount to anything.
Lord Howe initially sought to meet with the men as private citizens, since British policy did not recognize the Congress as a legitimate authority. In order that the conference might take place, he agreed to the American demand that they be recognized as official representatives of the Congress.
Meeting.
The house of Christopher Billop on Staten Island was selected to be the meeting place. It had been occupied by British troops for use as a barracks and was in filthy condition, but one room was cleaned and prepared for the meeting. The arrangements included one British officer to be left on the American side as a hostage during the meeting; the Congressional delegation, rather than leaving him behind the American lines, invited him to accompany them. On arrival, the delegation was escorted past a line of Hessian soldiers and into the house, where, according to Adams, a repast of claret, ham, mutton, and tongue was served.
The meeting lasted three hours, and the two sides were unable to find any common ground. The Americans insisted that any negotiations required British recognition of their recently declared independence. Lord Howe stated he did not have the authority to meet that demand. When asked by Edward Rutledge whether he had the authority to repeal the Prohibitory Act (which authorized a naval blockade of the colonies) as had been claimed by Sullivan, Howe demurred, claiming Sullivan was mistaken. Howe's authority included the ability to suspend its execution, provided the colonies agreed to make fixed contributions instead of the taxes Parliament had levied on them. None of this could be done unless the colonies first agreed to end hostilities. The Commission was empowered by the Crown to offer the rebel Americans pardons (with some exceptions), to allow judges to serve on condition of good behaviour, and to promise to discuss colonial grievances (except the Quebec Act) in exchange for a cease-fire, the dissolution of the Continental Congress, the re-convening of the legitimate colonial assemblies, the acceptance of Lord North's Conciliatory Proposal and compensation for the Loyalists adversely affected by the war.
For most of the meeting, both sides were cordial. But when Lord Howe expressed that he would feel America's loss "like the loss of a brother", Franklin informed him that "we will do our utmost endeavors to save your lordship that mortification." Lord Howe unhappily stated he could only view the American delegates as British subjects, to which Adams replied, "Your lordship may consider me in what light you please, [...] except that of a British subject." Lord Howe then spoke past Adams to Franklin and Rutledge, stating, "Mr. Adams appears to be a decided character."
Aftermath.
The Congressmen returned to Philadelphia and reported that Lord Howe "has no propositions to make us" and that "America is to expect nothing but total unconditional submission." John Adams learned many years later that his name was on a list of people specifically excluded from any pardon offers the Howes might make. Congress published the committee's report without comment. Because Lord Howe did not also publish an account of the meeting, the meeting's outcome was perceived by many as a sign of British weakness; however, many Loyalists and some British observers suspected the Congressional report misrepresented the meeting. One British commentator wrote of the meeting, "They met, they talked, they parted. And now nothing remains but to fight it out." Lord Howe reported the failure of the conference to his brother, and they then made preparations to continue the campaign for New York City. Four days after the conference, British troops landed on Manhattan and occupied New York City.
The next major peace effort occurred in 1778, when the British sent commissioners led by the Earl of Carlisle to occupied Philadelphia. They were authorized to negotiate with Congress as a body, and offered self-government that was roughly equivalent to modern Commonwealth status. This effort was undermined by the planned withdrawal of British troops from Philadelphia and by American demands that the commissioners were not authorized to grant.
The house where the conference took place is now preserved as a museum within Conference House Park, a city park. It is a National Historic Landmark, and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="18437315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18437315" title="Who Killed Harry Houdini?">
Who Killed Harry Houdini?

Who Killed Harry Houdini? is the second full-length studio album by Swedish indie pop band I'm From Barcelona, released on October 14, 2008. A streaming version of the album's single, "Paper Planes", was released on Spin on July 15, 2008. It was co-produced by band leader Emanuel Lundgren, and Fabian Torsson.

</doc>
<doc id="18437324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18437324" title="Huntington Theatre Company">
Huntington Theatre Company

The Huntington Theatre Company is Boston’s leading professional theatre and the recipient of the 2013 Regional Theatre Tony Award. Under the direction of Artistic Director Peter DuBois and Managing Director Michael Maso and in residence at Boston University, the Huntington brings together world-class theatre artists from Boston, Broadway, and beyond and the most promising new talent to create eclectic seasons of exciting new works and classics made current. By also mentoring playwrights in the Huntington Playwriting Fellows program, educating young people in theatre, and providing Boston-based companies with discounted audience services and facilities, the Huntington cultivates, celebrates, and champions theatre as an art form.
History.
The Huntington was founded in 1982 by Boston University due to the vision and leadership of President John Silber and Vice President Gerald Gross, and was separately incorporated as an independent non-profit in 1986. Its two prior artistic leaders were Peter Altman (1982 – 2000) and Nicholas Martin (2000 – 2008). Michael Maso has led the Huntington’s administrative and financial operations since 1982 as the Managing Director, producing more than 180 plays in partnership with three artistic directors and leading the Huntington’s ten-year drive to build the Stanford Calderwood Pavilion at the Boston Center for the Arts, which opened in September 2004.
The Stanford Calderwood Pavilion at the Boston Center for the Arts.
The Huntington Theatre Company built and operates the Stanford Calderwood Pavilion at the Boston Center for the Arts, located at 527 Tremont Street in Boston's Historic South End, which provides first-class facilities and audience services at subsidized rates to dozens of Boston’s most exciting small and mid-sized theatre companies.It houses the 360 seat Virginia Wimberly Theatre, the Nancy and Edward Roberts Studio Theatre, Carol G. Deane Hall, and Hall A.
The Huntington also operates BostonTheatreScene.com where tickets are sold for productions at the Boston University Theatre, the BCA Theatres on the Plaza, and Calderwood Pavilion at the BCA.
Notable Productions.
The Huntington has transferred 16 productions to New York, including two in 2012: the Broadway premiere of Lydia R. Diamond’s Stick Fly and the Roundabout Theatre Company production of Stephen Karam’s Sons of the Prophet, named a 2012 Pulitzer Prize finalist. The Huntington champions new play development and the local theatre community through its operation of the Stanford Calderwood Pavilion at the Boston Center for the Arts, which the Huntington built in 2004.
August Wilson had a unique relationship with the Huntington, as eight of his plays were produced here before they went on to New York (7 to Broadway, and one Off Broadway). The Huntington's special relationship with August Wilson and his work began in 1986 with a production of Joe Turner's Come and Gone, Wilson's third play. For 25 years, the Huntington served as an artistic home to Wilson, developing and premiering seven of the ten plays of his Century Cycle during his life and producing two after his death. In 2012, the Huntington completed the cycle with "Ma Rainey's Black Bottom." 
In the 2010-2011 season, they featured "The Shirley, VT Plays" Festival, with 3 plays written by Annie Baker being put on at the same time in three different theatres; "Circle Mirror Transformation" (Huntington), "Body Awareness" (SpeakEasy), and "Aliens" (Company One).
In 2011, The Huntington teamed up with Mary Zimmerman to produce a knockout production of "Candide." Zimmerman will return in the 2013-2014 season to direct the world premiere adaptation of "The Jungle Book" in association with Chicago's Goodman Theatre.
New Work.
A national leader in the development of new plays, the Huntington has produced more than 100 New England, American, or world premieres to date. Its nationally renowned education and community programs serve 30,000 young people and underserved audiences each year.
HPF.
The Huntington Playwriting Fellows (HPF) program creates relationships between a local community of writers and a nationally prominent producing theatre, forges those bonds through authentic conversation and artistic collaboration, and encourages dialogue between local artists. Since 2003, the HPF program has invited writers to participate in two-year residencies, during which playwrights receive a modest honorarium, join in a biweekly writers’ collective with artistic staff, attend Huntington productions and events, and are eligible for readings and support through the Breaking Ground reading series. The primary focus of the program is creating relationships with writers at all stages of their careers, from emerging talent to established professionals. The program provides a framework for an in-depth, two-year artistic conversation and a long-term professional relationship. Recently, the Huntington began convening Fellows, past and present, at an annual meeting to solicit ideas on how to improve and expand the program, and the Summer Workshop launched in July 2012. Huntington productions of plays by Fellows include "The Luck of the Irish" by Kirsten Greenidge, "Stick Fly" by Lydia R. Diamond, "The Atheist" and "Brendan" by Ronan Noone, and "Psyched" and the upcoming "“M”" by Ryan Landry.
Breaking Ground.
Breaking Ground is the Huntington Theatre Company's reading series, a vital part of our new play development program. This series brings attention to the work of local playwrights and presents national writers into partnership with the Huntington. Over the last seven years, Breaking Ground plays have gone on to appear at the Huntington as well as theatres in Boston, across the country, and internationally.
Awards.
Since its opening in 1982, the Huntington Theatre Company has been nominated for over 240 awards. The Huntington has won 3 Drama Desk Awards, 39 Elliot Norton Awards, 41 IRNE Awards, and 3 Tony Awards. The Huntington Theatre Company received the 2013 Tony Award for Best Regional Theatre.
Education.
One of the most extensive and admired programs in the country, the Huntington’s Education Department serves more than 10,000 students, teachers, and community organizations each year with student matinees, state-wide Poetry Out Loud and the August Wilson Monologue Competition. Our collaborators include Boston Public Schools, Codman Academy Charter Public School, Children’s Services of Roxbury, the Massachusetts Cultural Council, and many community organizations. The Huntington Theatre Company has received awards from the National Endowment for the Arts, the President’s Council on the Arts and Humanities, Massachusetts House of Representatives and Senate, and City of Boston’s City Council. In 2009, Codman Academy was awarded the Commonwealth Award for our collaboration.
Know the Law.
"Know the Law!" was developed by the Huntington Theatre Company in 1997 to use peer performance to teach at-risk youth about Massachusetts law as a means of reducing youth crime and violence. Today "Know the Law!" is produced in collaboration with Youth and Police in Partnership (YPP), a community-based program of Children's Services of Roxbury that seeks to improve relationships between young people and the police. YPP Peer Leaders, ages 14–17 from some of Boston’s most challenged inner-city neighborhoods, form our "Know the Law!" troupe, studying acting techniques and rehearsing an original production, written by Naheem Garcia and Amanda Pyne, that dramatizes true-to-life choices that young people face relating to weapon and drug possession, fighting, self-defense, and interacting with the police. "Know the Law!" tours to schools, community centers, and other public venues, and is followed by a post-show discussion between the peer leaders and the audiences that builds upon the issues raised in the play.

</doc>
<doc id="18437329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18437329" title="Empress Duan">
Empress Duan

Empress Duan is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="18437342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18437342" title="Transfer bench">
Transfer bench

A transfer bench, (also known as a showering bench, shower bench, or transfer chair) is a bath safety mobility device which the user sits on to get into a bathtub. The user usually sits on the bench, which straddles the side of the tub, and gradually slides from the outside to the inside of the tub. Tub transfer benches are used by people who have trouble getting over the tub wall or into the shower, either because of illness or disability.
Types of Transfer Benches.
Non-Sliding.
A basic transfer bench typically consists of a backrest, long seat, and four legs. The legs inside the tub sometimes have plungers at their base that grip the tub's surface for stability. There are many different kinds, customized for the patient's needs. The size, (usually adjustable) height, and width can all vary. The user gets on the seat from the outside of the tub and scoots over on the seat to the inside, lifting one leg at a time over the tub's side. 
Various optional accessories are available, such as a padded seat, commode opening, support backrests, or swing-away armrests.
Sliding or Rolling Transfer Benches.
This varies from the transfer bench, in that instead of scooting to the other side, the user does not have to move their hips across the seat. The user simply sits on a seat and then slides to the other side, usually on rails or some kind of sliding frame. This reduces friction considerably and eases the movement for more highly dependent patients. 
Shower or bath benches come in different lengths, along with such options as padded seats, swivel seats, and cut-out seats. 
Some are freestanding, while others attach to the side of the tub. There are also models that integrate with a wheeled chair, with the transfer frame in the tub connecting to the chair.
A newly developed shower bench design has three sets of rails that dock together permitting a seated patient to roll from a mobile chair into a bathtub or shower (see Showerbuddy [http://www.myshowerbuddy.com] for more information). The first set of rails is part of a mobile chair and they sit below a detachable seat consisting of a seat rest, backrest, and optional armrests. The second rail set sits in the tub or shower and has a base similar to a common four-legged shower bench. The third set of rails are "connecting rails" that dock with the other two sets and creates a connecting bridge between them. 
To use this type of shower bench, the caregivers first places the shower bench with rails in the bath or shower and stabilizes it. The caregiver then aligns the bridging rails with the shower bench's rails and locks them together using a cam lock. The next step is to roll the mobile chair (with seated patient) in position, and align and lock the mobile chair's rails with the bridge's rails (on the opposite side) again using a cam lock. Once the three sets of rails are connected, the caregiver can roll the chair (with the seated patient) over the rails laterally, off the wheeled base of the mobile chair, across the bridge, and into the shower or bath. The shower bench supports the seated patient and chair during bathing or showering.
The bridge rails and wheeled base can then be disconnected and moved away so the caregiver can have unobstructed access to the patient for bathing. When bathing is finished, the reverse process moves the patient from the bath back into the mobile chair. 
Shower benches are often used in conjunction with a patient lift for highly dependent patients who cannot be manually moved from a wheelchair to the shower bench. In this case, the patient is hoisted in the sling-lift from a wheelchair or stretcher and seated on the shower bench so that they can then slide into the bath or shower.

</doc>
<doc id="18437344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18437344" title="Parecis plateau">
Parecis plateau

The Parecis plateau () is a plateau in the Brazilian state of Rondônia and adjacent west-central Mato Grosso. The municipality of Parecis is located at the plateau. Several large rivers have their origin on the plateau, notably the Guaporé, Juruena and Paraguay River. The Mato Grosso Plateau is directly to the east of Parecis.

</doc>
<doc id="18437370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18437370" title="Bikdash Arabic Transliteration Rules">
Bikdash Arabic Transliteration Rules

A set of rules for the romanization of Arabic that is highly phonetic, almost one-to-one, and uses only two special characters, namely the hyphen and the apostrophe as modifiers. This standard also includes rules for diacritization, including tanwiin.
This transliteration scheme can be thought of as a compromise between the Qalam transliteration and the Buckwalter Transliteration. It represents consonants with one letter and possibly the apostrophe (or single quotation mark) as a modifier, and uses one or several Latin vowels to represent short and long Arabic vowels. It strives for minimality as well as phonetic expressiveness. It does not distinguish between the different shapes of the hamza since it assumes that a software implementation can resolve the differences through the standard rules of spelling in Arabic :ar:إملاء.
Note: The Arabic words in this article are written using the Bikdash Arabic Transliteration Rules.
Guiding Principles.
The rules were designed with the following principles in mind [http://eiktub.com/batr.html]: 

</doc>
<doc id="18437373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18437373" title="RedZone Entertainment">
RedZone Entertainment

RedZone Entertainment is an Atlanta-based, music-production entity. Redzone's discography includes collaborations with many artists, producers, and composers of note, and is responsible for over 25 million records sold. RedZone Entertainment has produced acts such as P!nk, Britney Spears, Celine Dion, Mary J. Blige, Usher, Ciara, Sting, Rihanna, and Justin Bieber.
Founded in 1995 by music producer Christopher “Tricky” Stewart and artist manager Mark E. Stewart, RedZone Entertainment serves as both the parent company and production arm of the Stewart brothers’ music business. This includes two publishing companies, an Atlanta recording studio, and an artist management company.
Origins and history.
Family beginnings.
The Stewart brothers grew up in a family heavily involved in the business of making music. Their mother and her two sisters were background singers for such artists as Aretha Franklin and Curtis Mayfield, and the trio were also jingle singers featured on many national ad campaigns. Their father and his brother operated a jingle company in Chicago whose clients included Ford Motor Company, McDonalds, Coca-Cola, Bud Light, and many others.
In 1989, Big brother Laney Stewart opened his own jingle company, Minute Men Music. This was the company that gave Mark, Tricky and Judi (Tricky's sister-in-law) their start as professionals in the music business, Tricky in the area of recording and music production, Mark and Judi in the area of business. In 1989 when Laney Stewart signed an exclusive publishing agreement with Famous Music, and the family left jingles and began writing and producing records full-time for major artists.
Record production.
In 1990, at the age of 16, Tricky got his first major label placement when he produced a song entitled "Hold Me Tight" for MCA recording artist, Troy Hinton. In the next two years Tricky went on to produce records for Aaron Hall, Damion Hall, Immature and others.
Company moves.
In the fall of 1992 Mark and Tricky moved the RedZone base of operations from Chicago to Los Angeles.
In 1994, the Stewarts met record producer and songwriter L.A. Reid of LaFace records. Reid offered them a deal to move their production company to Atlanta, and the brothers accepted.
RedZone established in Atlanta.
In 1995, with the support of Reid, his brother Mark Stewart, and his sister-in-law Judi Stewart, Tricky established RedZone Entertainment and Triangle Sound studios in West Buckhead, Atlanta, GA.
Early years 1998–2003.
Early years.
1998 was a pivotal year for RedZone Entertainment. Christopher "Tricky" Stewart wrote and produced JT Money's single "Who Dat", which featured female rapper Solé. "Who Dat" reached #1 on the Billboard Rap chart and #5 on Billboards "Hot 100" in 1999. In 1998 Stewart and his writers penned Mýa's "Case of the Ex". The single debuted at #12 on the Hot Singles Sales and peaked at #2 on the Billboard Hot 100. It remains Mýa's highest-charting solo single on the Hot 100 to date.
Solé went on to sign with RedZone, who produced her album "Skin Deep" released in September 1999. "Skin Deep" peaked at #127 on the Billboard 200, and #27 on the top hip-hop albums chart. The single off the album "4,5,6" was Ascap's "Female Rap Song of the Year." 1998 was also the year RedZone discovered producers Kevin "She'kspere" Briggs and Eric "Nealante" Phillips who produced TLC’s “No Scrubs” & Destiny's Child’s “Bills, Bills, Bills”. During this time, Redzone signed R&B singer Sam Salter, and R&B singer/songwriter Blu Cantrell.
Blu Cantrell.
In 2000, Tricky Stewart and producer/writer Tab started working with Blu Cantrell on a demo recording and helped her break into the business singing back up for such artists as Diddy, Gerald Levert, Aaron Hall, and Faith Evans. Once the demo was complete L.A. Reid was invited to hear Cantrell, and he signed her immiediately to Arista Records. Reid was quoted as saying:
Cantrell's debut album, "So Blu", was released on July 31, 2001, debuting at number eight on the "Billboard" 200. In 2001, Cantrell received nominations for Best New Artist from both the Grammy Awards and the American Music Awards as well as a Grammy nomination for Best R&B Vocal Performance for the song "Hit 'Em Up Style (Oops!)". The song was written and produced by Dallas Austin, and spent weeks on the "Billboard" Hot 100. In 2002, Cantrell was nominated for a Grammy Award and an American Music Award. She collaborated with RedZone on her follow-up album "Bittersweet".
A creative community.
In 2003, RedZone expanded from just a producer driven company to a creative community, fostering and collaborating with many writers and producers. The list over the years includes, but is not limited too, The-Dream, P. Magnet, Traci Hale, Tab, B. Cox, Kuk Harrell, Jazze Pha, Dallas Austin, Battery Five, Jermaine Dupri, Dean, J "Q" of The Clutch, Dru Castro,Todd Herfindel, J.B. of "the Movement", Zeke and Ciara. RedZone has served as the springboard for many influential writers, artists, producers, and music industry professionals.
Britney Spears.
Tricky described the Britney Spears project as "the tip of the iceberg" of RedZone's new style.
2004–present.
Kuk Harrell, vocal producer, songwriter, and engineer.
In 2004 vocal producer, songwriter and engineer Kuk Harrell joined and became a key player on the RedZone team. He would go on to co-write RedZone's production Rihanna's "Umbrella", as well as produce the now iconic vocal. He is considered one of the most sought after Vocal Producers in the industry, with a client list that includes Chris Brown, Mary J. Blige, Lionel Richie, Karina, Usher, Sting, and Celine Dion.
Rihanna "Umbrella".
Entertainment Weekly magazine placed "Umbrella" at the top of their list of the Ten Best Singles of 2007, and "Rolling Stone" magazine declared it number three of the 100 Best Songs of the year; it was also named Song of the Year in "Blender" magazine's Readers' Poll 2007. In 2008 "Umbrella" won a Grammy Award for Best Rap/Sung Collaboration in addition to receiving nominations for Record of the Year and Song of the Year.
The RedZone team suddenly found themselves in great demand. Stewart, Nash, and Harrell finished out the year working with such notable artists as Janet Jackson ("Greatest X" off "Discipline"), Jesse McCartney ("Leavin'" off the record "Departure"), Celine Dion ("Skies of L.A." off her new album "Taking Chances"), and Usher ("Moving Mountains" and "This Ain't Sex" of his new album "Here I Stand").
J. Holiday "Bed".
2007 saw another successful release for RedZone with the single "Bed (song)". The song was released June 19, 2007, it written by Terius Nash ("The-Dream) and sung/performed by J. Holiday on his debut album "Back of My Lac'". "Bed" debuted on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 in the issue week of July 4, 2007 at number 89 and peaked at number 5. It was number 1 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs for five weeks in a row. On Tuesday July 31, 2007 the song/single debuted on BET's 106 & Park countdown at number 9. On Wednesday, August 15, 2007,--its 11th day on the countdown-- "Bed" hit number one! The song was #70 on Rolling Stone's list of the 100 Best Songs of 2007. The video for "Bed" was ranked the #11 video of 2007 on BET's notorized.
Tricky Stewart co-wrote and produced the follow-up single "Suffocate", released on October 2, 2007. The song peaked at #2 on Billboards "Hot R&B/Hip Hop Songs", #5 on U.S. Billboards Rhythmic Top 40, and #55 on the U.S. Billboard Pop 100. J. Holiday was subsequently nominated for BET's "Best Male R&B Singer 2008".
Chris Brown, "Exclusive".
The RedZone team contributed to two songs off Chris Brown's album "Exclusive" which was released on Oct 30, 2007. Terius "The-Dream" Nash wrote on "You" and "Gimme Watcha Got" featuring Lil' Wayne.
The Dream-"Love Hate".
After the success of "Umbrella", and J. Holiday's "Bed", RedZone writer/producer "The-Dream" went on to artistic success with his own certified gold record "Love Hate". The album, executive produced by Tricky Stewart, was released on December 11, 2007 on the Def Jam label. "Love Hate" spawned three singles, "Shawty Is a 10", "Falsetto", and "I Luv Your Girl". The singles peaked on the Billboard hot R&B/Hip Hop song charts at #6, #3, and #3 respectively. "The-Dream" is currently featured on Plies single "Please Excuse My Hands", which also features Jamie Foxx, as well as L.L. Cool J's "Baby", and Gym Class Heroes "Cookie Jar".
Mary J. Blige, "Growing Pains".
The album, released on Dec 17, 2007, debuted at number two on the U.S. Billboard 200 chart and number one on the R&B chart. In its second week the album climbed to number one on the Billboard 200 with 204,000 copies sold. In the UK, the album entered the charts at Number 6, making it her highest charting album there since "No More Drama" in 2001 with first week sales of 21,755.
Mariah Carey, "Touch My Body".
Released February 4, 2008, "Touch My Body" is a song co-written by American singer Mariah Carey, Christopher "Tricky" Stewart, Crystal "Cri$tyle" Johnson and Terius "The-Dream" Nash for Carey's eleventh studio album, E=MC². Produced by Carey, Stewart and Nash, it was released as the lead single off the album. The song is Carey's eighteenth number one single on the Billboard Hot 100 and nominated for a 2008 MTV Video Music Awards.
A review in Billboard Magazine stated that "this sensual jam is 100% Mariah, packed with satisfying harmonic layers and hooky background 'oh's,' supersonic verses and a chorus as catchy as a winter sniffle", and Blender stated that it was a "pop genius making genius pop". Bill Lamb from About.com also gave "Touch My Body" a positive review, giving it 4 out of 5 stars, stating that the single "is simple, sexy elegance from one of the most enduring of pop stars". Newsday also named it as the "Song of the Week", commenting that it was "the best opening single she's had since "Heartbreaker". Digital Spy was also positive, saying "its cooing, sensual charms soon take hold, suggesting the wind's still very much behind the Carey comeback bandwagon".
Jesse McCartney, "Leavin'".
On March 10, 2008, Tricky Stewart, Terius "The-Dream" Nash, and Kuk Harrell co-created the single entitled "Leavin'" for Jesse McCartney's album "Departure" which was subsequently released on May 20, 2008. "Leavin'" peaked at #10 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart, #2 on the Billboard Pop 100 chart, #1 on Billboard Hot Dance Club Play, and #1 on Billboard Mainstream Top 40 singles chart.
Leavin' stayed in the top 20 on the Billboard Hot 100 for 20 weeks.
Justin Bieber, "One Time" and "Baby".
Tricky Stewart, Terius "The-Dream" Nash, and Kuk Harrell wrote and produced the hit single "One Time" for Canadian singer Justin Bieber's debut album, "My World". The single was released on July 7, 2009. It peaked at #12 in Canada, and #17 in the U.S. and also did well internationally. They also produced "Baby for his "My World (Part II)" which charted at #3 in Canada and #5 in the U.S.
Ciara, "Fantasy Ride" (2009) and "Basic Instinct" (2010).
In early 2009, Tricky Stewart and Terius "The-Dream" Nash wrote and produced numerous songs on Ciara's third studio album, ""Fantasy Ride"", which was released on May 5, 2009. They both co-wrote and produced five songs titled ""High Price"", ""Like a Surgeon"", ""Ciara to the Stage"", ""Lover's Thing"", and ""Keep Dancin' On Me"" on the album.
In 2010, Tricky Stewart and The-Dream went in the studio at work on Ciara's fourth studio album titled "'Basic Instinct'", which is set for a release on December 14, 2010. The two executive-produced the entire album. The lead single from the album titled "Ride, was produced by the duo, the single was released on April 26, 2010. The single went on to become her twelfth top ten hit on the Billboard Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart. Tricky, The-Dream and Ciara are currently putting the finishing touches on the highly anticipated album.

</doc>
<doc id="18437374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18437374" title="A Chronicle of the Plague">
A Chronicle of the Plague

A Chronicle of the Plague is the second studio album by dark ambient band Dark Ages, recorded in July and September 2006. Its lyrical themes are that of the Black Plague.
Supernal Music website describes the album as "more melodic than ["Twilight of Europe"], and inspired on the horrors of the Middle Ages. Between the fall of the Western Roman empire in A.D. 476 and the fall of Constantinople in 1453, Europe was ravaged by plagues and superstition. Greek was largely forgotten, and with it much of the learned texts of antiquity. 'A Chronicle of the Plague' is a musical tale of the terror of 1349, which depopulated entire villages and decimated Europe's human population..."
There was a limited edition vinyl with different cover artwork that was released in 2007 by Northern Heritage.

</doc>
<doc id="18437397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18437397" title="Tony Clarke (producer)">
Tony Clarke (producer)

Tony Clarke (21 August 1941 – 4 January 2010) was an English rock music record producer and guitarist. Born in Coventry, he is best known for producing The Moody Blues from 1966 to 1979.
Biography.
Clarke played bass guitar in skiffle bands in the middle and late 1950s, and continued playing in rock bands into the early 1960s. Alongside this, he found work as a session musician for Decca Records, and in 1963 he was hired by the label as a promoter. In 1964 he transferred to the production department, working under Dick Rowe.
Most of his early work was spent on clerical and discographical tasks, though he also worked as a songwriter; his tune "Our Song" was recorded by Malcolm Roberts (who had a hit with it in South America) and Jack Jones. He produced his first single with Pinkerton's Assorted Colours; that song, "Mirror, Mirror", became a #8 hit on the UK Singles Chart. He wrote "The Guy Who Made Her A Star" for the Equals, featured on the b-side of the band's 1968 hit single, "Laurel And Hardy".
He was assigned to work with the Moody Blues starting in 1966, when the group was fading after its first major hit, "Go Now". He worked with them on the single "Fly Me High", and following this was put in charge of a project to create a rock version, with the Moody Blues, of Antonín Dvořák's "New World Symphony". After this idea was shelved, he produced what became their 1967 symphonic rock album "Days of Future Passed". Like the members of the Moody Blues themselves, Clarke had received no formal training in classical music as a youngster. He worked with them closely over the course of their next six albums, helping them develop a complex sound which, among other things, involved copious use of the mellotron (and earning the nickname "the Sixth Moody" from fans). When the Moody Blues set up their own label, Threshold Records, Clarke attempted to have them sign King Crimson, though the deal never came to fruition.
Aside from the Moody Blues, Clarke also worked with Providence and on the album "Blue Jays", by Moody Blues members Justin Hayward and John Lodge. He produced The Four Tops for a UK only release in 1972, which used several songs written by the Moody Blues.
After the Moody Blues went on hiatus in the middle of the 1970s, he worked to have them reunite, and produced their 1978 comeback album, "Octave"; however, he elected not to continue working with them after this album. Subsequently he produced for Clannad, Rick Wakeman, and Nicky Hopkins, among others. He talked extensively about his career in Nick Awde's 2008 study "Mellotron", subtitled "The Machine and the Musicians That Revolutionised Rock".

</doc>
<doc id="18437400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18437400" title="The Contemporary Austin">
The Contemporary Austin

The Contemporary Austin is Austin, Texas's primary community art museum, consisting of two primary locations and an art school. The Contemporary Austin reflects the spectrum of contemporary art through exhibitions, commissions, education, and the collection. Locally, the museum is often referred to as The Contemporary.
History.
In 1911, the Texas Fine Arts Association (TFAA) was formed. Through the years, TFAA acquired the Laguna Gloria Art Museum, later becoming the Austin Museum of Art (AMOA) and the Jones Center for Contemporary Art, which later changed to Arthouse at the Jones Center. In November 2011, AMOA celebrated 50 years in the community and merged with Arthouse at the Jones Center, rejoining the two primary organizations that constituted the TFAA.The Contemporary Austin is the result of the transformation of a century-old museum and school, AMOA-Arthouse, into a new entity with a distinctive vision and mission to unite the museum’s two major venues, Laguna Gloria and the Jones Center.
The Contemporary Austin Jones Center.
The Jones Center focuses on contemporary and fine arts exhibitions in its location in the heart of downtown Austin. The Jones Center, recently renovated and expanded by architects Lewis.Tsurumaki.Lewis, provides two floors of exhibition space and a theater room, as well as a community room and roof-top deck for events and other programming.
The Contemporary Austin Laguna Gloria.
The museum still maintains its original home on the Clara Driscoll estate, where it was known for 34 years as Laguna Gloria Art Museum. Once owned by Stephen F. Austin, the Laguna Gloria site has been declared a national treasure and is on city, state, and national registers of historic places. Visitors can tour the restored 1916 Italianate-style Driscoll Villa that was the home of Texas legend and Laguna Gloria founder Clara Driscoll. The site includes twelve-acre grounds overlooking Lake Austin throughout which visitors may view temporary, long-term, and permanent sculpture and art installations. Laguna Gloria is also home to The Contemporary Austin Art School, one of the largest museum-affiliated schools in the nation, where classes are taught year-round to adults and children.
The Contemporary Austin Art School.
Located at The Contemporary Austin's lakeside Laguna Gloria site, the Art School has an enrollment of just under 5,000 students and offers scholarships to approximately 50 students per year. Docent-led school tours serve roughly 10,000 students annually (many from several Title 1 schools).
Clara Driscoll.
Known as "The Savior of the Alamo", Clara Driscoll was born on April 2, 1881, in St. Mary's, Texas, on Copano Bay, to wealthy ranchers Robert and Julia Fox Driscoll.
In 1903, she paid the thousands of dollars necessary to prevent the sale of the Alamo convent to a hotel firm, earning her the title "Savior of the Alamo". Until then, the only Alamo property owned by the state was the mission church, acquired in 1883. She was reimbursed by the Texas Legislature in 1905 and the entire Alamo property was given over to the safekeeping of the Daughters of the Republic of Texas.
In 1906, Driscoll married editor and publisher of the "Austin American-Statesman" newspaper, Hal Sevier. The couple purchased the Laguna Gloria property in 1914, because it reminded them of Lake Como in Italy where they had honeymooned a few years earlier. In 1916 they built a home on the land, designed by San Antonio architect Harvey L. Page. They named it Laguna Gloria in part after one of her family's ranches in Duval County, "La Gloria". The site's proximity to water is most likely the reason they referred to it as a lagoon. In 1926, Driscoll reflected on the site:
I have struggled to make this little home site...into a passably presentable garden of lawns and shrubs and flowers, intersected by paths and steps, with...glimpses and balustrades, and a few oil jars of ancient and accepted design. I have placed in...a proper setting a number of really beautiful and graceful statues which I was fortunate enough to obtain from one of the oldest and finest gardens in old Italy; this to give an Old World touch to an incomparably beautiful Texas landscape and to contribute a little dignity and formality to the riotous caprices of this violet-crowned vale.

</doc>
<doc id="18437404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18437404" title="Irfan Abidi">
Irfan Abidi

Allama Syed Irfan Haider Abidi (born 1950 in "Mahala Lucman", Khairpur, Sindh, Pakistan – died 1997 in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan) was a Pakistani scholar, religious leader, public speaker and poet from the Shia sect of Islam. He was a regular speaker on Pakistan Television for several years.
Education.
The son of "Syed Amir Abbas Abidi" from Khairpur, he attended Rahbar Primary School and Naaz High School, Khairpur. He earned an MA from Karachi University. He got his basic and advanced religious studies from Maulana Syed Qaisar Abbas.
Reputation.
He was popular and a famous personality of the Shia sect, particularly on the sub-continent. His lectures were attended in good numbers and he made significant contributions to Shia community. He had a wide knowledge of Islamic themes. Noha Khwaan Nadeem Sarwar considers Abidi a role model and has featured him on many of his albums, including "Ali Maula Ali Maula" (1998) and "Haye Sughra Bata Kia Likhon" (2006).
Abidi's quote, "Mola Salamat Rakhay Ya Ali Madad Kehne Walo Ko," has become a trademark for Shia.
Death.
On 22 January 1998 Abidi and his wife, Syeda Saeeda Khatoon, were involved in a traffic accident on the Super Highway while travelling from Khairpur. They were rushed to the Abbasi Shaheed Hospital where Khatoon was pronounced dead. Abidi later died at the Aga Khan Hospital. He was buried at Imambargah Khairul Amal in Ancholi, Karachi. 
As Abidi was an aggressive speaker who touched upon many sensitive issues, many believe the accident might have been deliberately planned.
His CDs and DVDs remain popular and are easily available.

</doc>
<doc id="18437420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18437420" title="Photonix Technologies">
Photonix Technologies

Photonix Technologies, founded in 1989 in the Binghamton Metropolitan Area of Upstate New York, is a manufacturer of precision, high durability test instruments and accessories for the fiber optic communications market. The company has won a number of Defense Department contracts to supply test equipment to the military and is one of the top 40 companies in New York Congressional District 22 in terms of total moneys awarded.
History.
Government Contracts.
From 2000 to 2007, the last years for which data was available, Photonix Technologies has been awarded 12 contracts totaling more than $500,000, primarily by the Navy. Contracts awarded in 2002, 2004, and 2005 each totaled more than $100k.
Products.
Photonix Technologies primarily manufactures hand-held electronic test equipment for fiber optic testing and installation. This includes optical power meters, laser and LED sources, and leak detectors. All products are ruggedized to withstand impact or crushing force and maintain accurate operation.
FLASHpistol(tm) Series.
In March 2009, Photonix Technologies introduced its FLASHpistol optical leak detection gun. Its patent pending design introduced a new generation of product to the fiber industry, the IRFL or infra-red fault locator. It is similar to VFL or visible fault locator devices commonly used in the industry except it uniquely addresses the needs of installers and long haul service technicians because of its high sensitivity and form. The FLASHpistol(tm) replaces the now obsolete FLASHdetector(tm) which was first sold in 1996 and under U.S. Navy contract since 1997.
Lanlite(tm) Series.
Lanlite products the low cost test offering of Photonix Technologies. Lanlite meters and sources are available in common fiber communication wavelengths. The differentiating feature of these devices is their durable aluminum packaging.
Techlite(tm) Series.
Techlite products are high precision equipment designed for aggressive military or telco applications. Source units can be are available at 850 nm, 1300 nm, 1310 nm, or 1550 nm and have four switchable modulation frequencies built it. Meter units can be switched to read all four wavelengths to an accuracy of +/-.2dBm and can be built with data storage and upload capability.

</doc>
<doc id="18437430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18437430" title="Exploration problem">
Exploration problem

In robotics, the exploration problem deals with the use of a robot to maximize the knowledge over a particular area. The exploration problem arises in mapping and search & rescue situations, where an environment might be dangerous or inaccessible to humans.
Overview.
The exploration problem naturally arises in situations in which a robot is utilized to survey an area that is dangerous or inaccessible for humans. The field of robotic explorations draws from various fields of information gathering and decision theory, and have been studied as far back as the 1950s. 
The earliest work in robotic exploration was done in the context of simple finite state automata known as bandits, where algorithms were designed to distinguish and map different states in a finite state automaton. Since then, the primary emphasis has been shifted to the robotics system development domain, where exploration-algorithms guided robot have been used to survey volcanos, search and rescue, and abandoned mines mapping. Current state of the art system include advanced techniques on active localization, simultaneous localization and mapping (SLAM) based exploration, and multi-agent cooperative exploration.
Information gain.
The key concept in the exploration problem is the notion of information gain, that is, the amount of knowledge acquired while pushing the frontiers. A probabilistic measure of information gain is defined by the entropy
The function formula_2 is maximized if "p" is a uniform distribution and minimized when "p" is a point mass distribution. By minimizing the expected entropy of belief, information gain is maximized as

</doc>
<doc id="18437432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18437432" title="Albert Doucet">
Albert Doucet

Albert Doucet (November 4, 1942 – ) is a businessman and former political figure in New Brunswick, Canada. He represented Nigadoo-Chaleur in the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick from 1991 to 1999 as an Independent, then Liberal and then Independent member.
He was born in Bathurst, New Brunswick, the son of Albert Doucet Sr. and Martha Lavigne, and educated at the Université du Sacré-Coeur and the Collège de Bathurst. Doucet was personnel director for a fertilizer company before founding his own company in 1976. He later became a real estate agent. Doucet was also a member of the local school board and was chairman of the Chaleur Regional Development
Commission from 1989 to 2001. He married Noella Roy. He served as Minister of State for Mines & Energy from 1995 to 1997. Doucet resigned this position in 1997 and was suspended from the Liberal caucus after publicly criticizing the government. Doucet has served as a member of the board of directors for the Belledune Port Authority since 2005

</doc>
<doc id="18437436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18437436" title="Antoine Plamondon">
Antoine Plamondon

Antoine-Sébastien Plamondon (ca. 1804–1895) was a Canadian artist in Quebec, who painted mainly portraits and religious images, the latter commissioned primarily by churches in and around Quebec City. As a young man, he had traveled to France and studied painting in Paris for four years, with such portraitists as Paulin Guérin.
Life.
Plamondon was born in 1804 (or 1802) at L'Ancienne-Lorette, Quebec, the son of the village grocer and his wife. He went to school in Saint-Roch, a suburb of Quebec City, after which he was apprenticed to Joseph Légaré (1795–1855), a picture restorer and amateur painter.
In 1826 at the age of 22, Plamondon travelled to Paris, where he studied with classical portraitists such as Paulin Guérin (1783–1855). Works from this period are scarce.
In 1830, after the Louis-Philippe uprisings, Plamondon returned from France to Quebec. He specialized in portraits of living subjects. He also did religious paintings (commissioned by various churches and religious orders around Quebec City), generally based on engravings of Old Masters of Europe, a common practice among artists of his time. His portrait work was notable for his full-face, close-up, and tightly composed style, as well as a representation of the latest style of clothing. His later portraits showed more roundness in the modelling and far more space in the composition.
By 1850 Plamondon had moved to the country at Neuville, with his mother, a brother, and a sister. He lived there until the 1890s. Much of his work during this period were religious paintings, copies of Old Masters, commissioned by local churches. Plamondon's self-portrait of 1882 was probably his last work.
He was made a member of the Royal Canadian Academy of Arts.
Personal life.
Plamondon never married. He was a lifelong monarchist and supporter of the Conservative Party, a friend of Sir George-Étienne Cartier and Sir Étienne Taché. He broke with the Conservatives over their execution in 1885 of Louis Riel, a Métis who fought for the rights of his people in Canada, a group now recognized as a First Nation by the national government. Plamondon died in Neuville in 1895.

</doc>
<doc id="18437442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18437442" title="Empress Kezuhun">
Empress Kezuhun

Empress Kezuhun may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18437447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18437447" title="Roasted piglet">
Roasted piglet

Roasted piglet or pečenje (pech-EH-nyeh) in Serbian is a Serbian-Montenegrin national meal. Despite the common translation of "roasted piglet", other varieties of pečenje include sheep (lamb, mutton), beef, veal, goat and chicken, and unlike roasts in many other cultures, Serbian pečenje is often eaten cold.
After the carcass is washed, cleaned and seasoned liberally with salt, it is roasted whole, either on a spit over an open fire or coals, or in a big stone oven ("furuna" or "peć" in Serbian). The finished roast is then cut into small, often square pieces, except for the head, which is served either whole or halved. Other sections are portioned with the skin and fat from that area of the animal. Internal organs such as kidneys or heart are sometimes found on the roast, but are sometimes consumed by the roaster prior to the roast being presented to the diners...

</doc>
<doc id="18437459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18437459" title="John Frost (politician)">
John Frost (politician)

Sir John Frost KCMG (8 August 1828 – 2 April 1918) was an Anglo-South African cabinet minister and landowner.
Frost was the son of William and Maria Frost, landowners in Lincolnshire. He immigrated to The Cape in 1849 where he built up an estate, Thibet Park, on the upper Black Kei River.
He was one of the leading farmers in the Queenstown district and served as an officer in the Frontier Wars of the Eastern Cape, including the quelling of the Transkei Rebellion. In 1874 he was elected a member of the House of Assembly. In politics he was associated with Sir Gordon Sprigg. He was a Cabinet Minister as Secretary for Native Affairs in 1893 in the ministry of Cecil John Rhodes and later Secretary for Agriculture. During the Anglo-Boer War he was an advisor of the ill-fated Sir Redvers Buller.
He was knighted as a KCMG in 1904. Lady Frost, his wife, was born Frances Cordelia Powell (born 20 September 1834 died 20 October 1927. She was a niece of Colonial Secretary Sir Richard Southey and a cousin of Lord Baden-Powell.
Sir John and Lady Frost lived at their country estate, Thibet Park on the Kei River. They also had a house in Cape Town, Eastbrooke House in Rondebosch. They had three daughters and five sons.

</doc>
<doc id="18437480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18437480" title="4 Aquarii">
4 Aquarii

4 Aquarii or CCDM J20514-0537 AB is a variable star with a spectral type of F5V. It is a white main-sequence star with strengthened "H" and "K" lines of Ca II and has neutral metal ionizations. 4 Aquarii is approximately 190 light-years from Earth with an absolute magnitude of 6.48.
4 Aquarii is a visual binary star. 4 Aquarii B is .855" (degree seconds) from 4 Aquarii and orbits around the primary every 187 years. There are two optical companions.

</doc>
<doc id="18437492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18437492" title="Williamson Historic District">
Williamson Historic District

Williamson Historic District is a historic district in Williamson, West Virginia that roughly is bounded by the Norfolk and Western Railroad tracks, Pritchard, Poplar, Park, Mulberry and Elm Streets. 

</doc>
<doc id="18437493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18437493" title="List of Yours Truly, Johnny Dollar episodes">
List of Yours Truly, Johnny Dollar episodes

The following is an episode list for the detective radio drama "Yours Truly, Johnny Dollar" which aired on the CBS Radio network from 7 December 1948 until 30 September 1962. A weekly episode was 30 minutes in duration. However, during Bob Bailey's first year in the role, a story was composed of five 15-minute episodes airing Monday through Friday.

</doc>
<doc id="18437510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18437510" title="Ōsensei">
Ōsensei

The term is used in the iemoto system to refer to the senior sensei in an organization, and is also commonly used to refer to certain founders of martial arts schools, namely:

</doc>
<doc id="18437515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18437515" title="Mesopeplum convexum">
Mesopeplum convexum

Mesopeplum convexum is a species of scallop, marine bivalve molluscs in the family Pectinidae. 

</doc>
<doc id="18437544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18437544" title="Princess Duan">
Princess Duan

Princess Duan is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="18437549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18437549" title="Peoria Symphony Orchestra">
Peoria Symphony Orchestra

The Peoria Symphony Orchestra is an American orchestra based in Peoria, Illinois conducted by George Stelluto. Founded in 1898 as Bradley University's Bradley Symphony Orchestra (under conductor Harold Plowe), it is the fifteenth oldest orchestra in Illinois. In 1915, the orchestra was incorporated as the Peoria Symphony Orchestra.
After Plowe retired in 1927, the next fifty years saw almost a dozen conductors lead the orchestra. In 1978, William Wilsen became Musical Director, and led the group until 1999. Wilsen developed the orchestra's quality and repertoire, took it on tour to its sister city, Friedrichshafen, Germany, and led the PSO's celebration of its 100th year. Conductor David Commanday was named Music Director in Spring of 1999. During his tenure the orchestra was praised for its quality and imaginative programs: 
"The Peoria Symphony Orchestra’s evolution under the baton of music director David Commanday has been fascinating to watch. Orchestra members aren’t just showing up for another gig. There’s a real joy in their playing, a certain esprit d/corps. And the repertoire is getting more varied and more playful with every season. The concerts – dare I say it? – actually are fun to attend” (Gary Panetta, Peoria Journal Star, 3/31/03).
David Commanday's leadership of the orchestra concluded at the end of the 2008–2009 season, marking a decade in which the institution had roughly doubled its endowment. George Stelluto became the music director at the beginning of the 2010–2011 season.
The orchestra performs at the Peoria Civic Center, and has featured soloists including Emanuel Ax, Joshua Bell, Evelyn Glennie, Hilary Hahn, Sharon Isbin, Yo-Yo Ma, and Itzhak Perlman. Principal players for the PSO include Marcia Henry Liebenow, Brian Gehrich, Katherine Lewis, Adrianna Ransom, Karl E. H. Seigfried, Kyle Dzapo, Michael Ericson, Roger Garrett, Michael Dicker, Ruth Slone, Amy Gilreath, Steve Parsons, Terry Solomonson, and Peggy Bonner.

</doc>
<doc id="18437569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18437569" title="List of area seventies of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints">
List of area seventies of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints

At the April 1995 general conference of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church), church president Gordon B. Hinckley announced the creation of a new leadership position known as the area authority. In 1997, area authorities were renamed area authority seventies and ordained to the office of seventy. The church announced that these seventies would become members of a Quorum of the Seventy based upon the geographic region to which they were assigned. Later, the title "area authority seventy" was shortened to area seventy, which is the title currently in use.
The area seventies serve in the various geographic regions of the world, called "areas", and are assigned to quorums based on the area in which they serve. The following quorums are composed of area seventy in the listed areas:
Below is a list of the 233 currently serving area seventies, as of October 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18437579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18437579" title="Jimmy Jones (Canadian football)">
Jimmy Jones (Canadian football)

Jimmy Jones (born June 23, 1950) was an all-star quarterback in the Canadian Football League.
Jones was a graduate of the University of Southern California. He moved to Canada in 1973, and played for the Montreal Alouettes, Hamilton Tiger-Cats and the Ottawa Rough Riders, and helped lead the Alouettes to a Grey Cup win in 1974.
Early years.
Jones played football at John Harris High School in Harrisburg, where he became one of top rated quarterbacks in the nation.
He won the starter job during his junior year, passing and running for over 2,300 yards and 20 touchdowns, then 2,400 yards with 40 touchdowns in his senior year. 
Jones was named to the first team All-American High School team in 1968 and had numerous scholarship offers.
He was such a dominant player at this level, that the school retired his number No. 10 jersey after his last game. John Harris High School was merged with William Penn High School in 1971, becoming Harrisburg High School.
College career.
Jones attended the University of Southern California and became one of the few African American starting quarterbacks of that era in Division I (NCAA), influencing during his college career the breaking of different color barriers.
As a sophomore in 1969, he helped lead USC to an undefeated season (10-0-1), a Rose Bowl win over the University of Michigan and a third place ranking. During that season the team became known as the "Cardiac Kids", because of their last-minute comebacks. 
Jones was also the first African American quarterback to appear on a Sports Illustrated Cover (9/29/1969). 
In 1970 he was part of USC's "all-black" backfield (the first one of its kind in Division I (NCAA) history), that included fullback Sam Cunningham and running back Clarence Davis.
Jones was one of the five USC African American starters (along with Sam Cunningham, Clarence Davis, Charlie Weaver and Tody Smith), that played against an all-white University of Alabama football team, winning 42-21 in Birmingham on September 12, 1970. This game was historically significant, because it played a key role in convincing the University of Alabama and its fan base to accelerate the integration of its football team.
For his career he compiled a 22-8-3 record and established school marks at:
Professional career.
Montreal Alouettes.
In the spring of 1972 he went undrafted after not receiving much interest from NFL teams as a quarterback. After a year out of football, in 1973 he signed to play in the Canadian Football League for the Montreal Alouettes.
In 1974 he helped his team won the Grey Cup and was named an East All-Star. This would become his finest season with over 2,000 yards passing, 18 touchdown passes, 577 yards rushing and 5 touchdowns.
In 1975 the Alouettes once again reached the Grey Cup final, but this time they lost to the Edmonton Eskimos.
Hamilton Tiger-Cats.
Jones signed with the Hamilton Tiger-Cats for the 1976 season, and played 3 years there.
Ottawa Rough Riders.
In 1979, he signed with the Ottawa Rough Riders. Jones spent his final season as a back-up to Condredge Holloway, seeing limited playing time.

</doc>
<doc id="18437636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18437636" title="Uthörn">
Uthörn

Uthörn is a small German island adjacent to Sylt in the district of Nordfriesland, and as such it is Germany's northernmost isle right after Sylt proper. It belongs to the List municipality.
Geography.
The island is situated in the so-called "Königshafen" (King's Harbour), a bay on the eastern shore of Sylt which is facing the shallow tidal flats of the Wadden Sea in that area. Uthörn is located north of the town of List, only a kilometre away from the "Ellbogen" (Elbow) peninsula of Sylt, which is in fact Germany's northernmost area. 
Uthörn is almost 800 meters long and up to 240 meters wide, its area amounts to about 13 ha. The island is relatively young, as it developed out of a sand bar, which due to wind drift of sand from Sylt has now grown to a height of approximately 4.10 m above sea level and is no longer submerged during high tide. It is thought that the growth of Uthörn is likely to continue in the future.
The island is overgrown by pioneer species of plants and the common dune vegetation like marram grass.
Protection.
Uthörn is located just a few metres off the shore of Sylt and can be reached on foot through the shallow sea. But as it provides space for the hatching and resting of rare and endangered seabirds and is situated inside the Schleswig-Holstein Wadden Sea National Park, it may only be entered with special permission.

</doc>
<doc id="18437650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18437650" title="Engine House No. 18 (Los Angeles, California)">
Engine House No. 18 (Los Angeles, California)

Engine House No. 18 is a fire station in the West Adams section of Los Angeles, California. 
Built in 1904, the station was designed in the Mission Revival style by noted architect John Parkinson, whose later works included Los Angeles City Hall, Union Station, and Bullocks Wilshire. In 1915, Engine House No. 18 was one of a dozen stations closed because of budget cutbacks resulting from the "two-platoon ordinance" passed by the Los Angeles City Council in 1915. The station re-opened in 1920 and remained an operating fire station until 1968. In 1932, former fireman James F. Fourong was arrested for burglarizing Engine House No. 18. Fourong had looted other fire stations by phoning in false alarms and then entering the firehouse while the men responded to the call. In February 1932, Fourong attempted a robbery at Engine House No. 18 but was surprised by a fireman while burglarizing the lockers. After the building had been vacant for sixteen years, the Community Redevelopment Agency in 1984 agreed to a $28,000 contract with Woodford & Bernard, architects, to prepare construction documents for the restoration of Engine House No. 18. The plan was to restore and convert the firehouse into a community-oriented professional training center at a cost of $225,000.
Through a competitive bidding process that began in December 2009, the Community Redevelopment Agency of the City of Los Angeles (CRA/LA) awarded the Exceptional Children’s Foundation (ECF) the opportunity to purchase Engine House No. 18. ECF purchased the property in 2011 with the goal of converting the cultural landmark into a fine arts training center for adults with special needs and a community creative space for the residents of South Los Angeles.
Renovations of the site began in June 2012. ECF plans open the Engine House No. 18 Art Center in spring of 2013. Once open, the ECF Art Center will provide 50 clients with developmental disabilities daily fine art instruction, life skills training, and case management services. The center will also exhibit both the clients’ artwork and the work of community artists.

</doc>
<doc id="18437664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18437664" title="Max Planck Institute for Foreign and International Criminal Law">
Max Planck Institute for Foreign and International Criminal Law

The Max Planck Institute for Foreign and International Criminal Law () is a non-university research institute located in Freiburg, Germany. The institute is part of the Max Planck Society and is conducting basic research into criminal law and criminology.
The Institute is currently headed by Hans-Jörg Albrecht (criminology) and Ulrich Sieber (criminal law). In 2006, the Institute had a total of 149 employees, including 30 researchers and 51 young researchers, as well as 20 third-party employees and 41 visiting researchers. The library comprises more than 400,000 titles and is one of the largest libraries in the area. A former director is Albin Eser. 
History.
The history of the Institute dates back to 1938, when by Adolf Schönke held the "Seminar for Foreign and International Criminal Law" at the Albert Ludwigs University of Freiburg. This led to the founding of the "Institute for Foreign and International Criminal Law" in 1947. The Institute was renamed in 1966, when it joined the Max Planck Society.

</doc>
<doc id="18437685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18437685" title="The Kaye Sisters">
The Kaye Sisters

The Kaye Sisters were a trio of British pop singers, who scored several hits on the UK Singles Chart in the late 1950s and early 1960s.
Career.
The Kaye Sisters were formed in 1954. They got their name from their manager, Carmen Kaye, who got them started in the music industry. They were also often billed as The Three Kayes or just The Kayes. The three members dressed in matching dress outfits and wore the same blonde haircuts, and became a popular vocal group on par with the Beverley Sisters. Two of their biggest hits were recorded with Frankie Vaughan.
A television appearance in 1956 rocketed them to stardom, and their first recording, "Ivory Tower", peaked at number 20 in the UK Singles Chart. Other singles followed, including "Got-Ta Have Something in the Bank, Frank" (1957), "Are You Ready, Freddy?" (1958) and "Goodbye Jimmy Goodbye" (1959).
The trio were headliners in top London cabaret clubs such as Churchill's and the Colony Club, and in variety supported such leading stars as Frankie Howerd, Tommy Cooper and Ken Dodd. They were popular in Blackpool summer seasons throughout the 1960s and 1970s, where they co-starred with Josef Locke, Dick Emery and, in two seasons, with Larry Grayson. In 1992 they returned to the resort to top the bill of the South Pier's Golden Showstoppers. 
They appeared with Judy Garland in the 1957 Royal Variety Show, and in the United States appeared as guests on "The Ed Sullivan Show". The Kaye Sisters were in demand in later years on nostalgia shows. In the 1970s they often appeared on Max Bygraves’ variety bills, notably co-starring with him in "SingalongaMax" at the Victoria Palace Theatre in 1972. 
They recorded several albums, including "Presenting the Kaye Sisters" (1958) and "Kaye Sisters Favourites" (1960). Sheila Jones left the act in the late 1960s, but they carried on with a replacement, Gilly. The original act reformed in 1992 for a Glenn Miller tribute tour. 

</doc>
<doc id="18437687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18437687" title="Porth Harlequins RFC">
Porth Harlequins RFC

Porth Harlequins Rugby Football Club is a Welsh rugby union team based in Porth in the Rhondda Valley. Porth RFC is a member of the Welsh Rugby Union and is a feeder club for the Cardiff Blues.

</doc>
<doc id="18437689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18437689" title="King Harvest (Has Surely Come)">
King Harvest (Has Surely Come)

"King Harvest (Has Surely Come)" is a song by The Band which originally appeared as the final track on their second album, "The Band". 
The song is credited solely to Robbie Robertson, although Levon Helm claims that "King Harvest" was a group effort. It is sung in first person from the point of view of an unnamed, poverty-stricken farmer who, with increasing desperation, details the misfortune which has befallen him: there was no rain and his crops died, his barn burned down, he has ended up on skid row. A labor union organizer appears, promising to improve things, and the narrator tells his new associates "I'm a union man, now, all the way", but, perhaps ashamed of his station, begs them "just don't judge me by my shoes." The events depicted in the song are most likely a reference to the organizing drives of the Trade Union Unity League which created share-cropper unions from 1928-1935, throughout the U.S. South.
Noted rock critic Greil Marcus called it "The Band's song of blasted country hopes" and suggested that "King Harvest" might be Robertson's finest song, and the best example of the group's approach to songwriting and performing. Author Neil Minturn praised its "dark, eerie earnestness." 
The song's structure is unusual: the verses, sung by Band vocalist Richard Manuel are energetic, while the choruses (sung by Manuel and Levon Helm) are more subdued, in contrast to typical song structure, possibly reflecting the desperate if unsure hope the protagonist holds in the union.

</doc>
<doc id="18437725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18437725" title="Nicole Franklin">
Nicole Franklin

Nicole Franklin is a fictional character from the Australian Channel Seven soap opera "Home and Away", played by Tessa James. She debuted on-screen during the episode airing on 18 April 2008. Nicole was introduced by executive producer Cameron Welsh. Nicole was mentioned various time before appearing on-screen, James was cast in the role and described by Welsh as an "exciting talent". He predicted that the viewers would respond "really well" to her. Nicole was initially portrayed as a shallow "party girl" with "wild ways". Also described as a "high maintenance" female, she has been shown to dress constantly in a stylish manner. Nicole is also become notable for her many relationships. Her first prominent romance was with Geoff Campbell. Described as "complete opposites", Geoff is credited as a catalyst in Nicole mellowing her brash attitude. Their storyline allowed the actors to take part in one of the serial's "biggest ever location shoots", when the couple became stranded on a remote desert island. In one storyline Nicole was involved in a same sex kiss with fellow character Freya Duric, which was branded controversial by various media sources. The plot saw Nicole question her persona, believing Geoff had transformed her into a boring person.
Another relationship Nicole pursued was with Aden Jefferies, her longtime closest friend. Aden had a strong fanbase from his previous relationship with Belle Taylor. This resulted in the audience being divided over their relationship. Nicole has also been featured in various other romantic storylines, such as a brief fling with Liam Murphy, James said that he was compatible with Nicole because he had "the edge she was after". She also dated Trey Palmer and they became involved in sex tape storyline, many newspapers reported on the plot because it "echoed" co-star Lewis' real life sex tape scandal. Producer Welsh once stated he believed Nicole was destined to become "full circle" and Nicole began behaving erratic and wild once more, due to her failed romances and the death of her friend Belle. She also had an affair with an older male character, Sid Walker. James liked the fact Nicole had so many romances because she got to kiss many of her co-stars.
James announced her departure from "Home and Away" in March 2011. One of her final storylines was a pregnancy plot. Nicole felt she was too young and unable to offer a child stability, so she agreed to let Marilyn Chambers adopt the baby upon its birth. James and the writing team took the storyline "very seriously" and conducted research to portray the issue sensitively. Nicole has received critical analysis from various sources, with perception being mixed to positive. "TV Week" were neutral to aspects of her pregnancy plot but opined James was one of the serials best actress'. The "Daily Record" said that being single was good for the character. She has also been likened to celebrities because of her glamorous image.
Creation and casting.
Nicole is Roman Harris' (Conrad Coleby) daughter and she was often mentioned on-screen before producers decided to introduce her into the serial. In January 2008 it was announced that ex-"Neighbours" star Tessa James had been cast as Nicole. Executive producer Cameron Welsh said 'She is an exciting talent and I think audiences are going to love her character and respond really well to her." James then moved to Sydney especially for the role. Speaking of working on the serial James stated: "Working on a series like this ["Home and Away"] is the best training you can get, I look at it like an apprenticeship and never forget how lucky I am." Fellow cast member Celeste Dodwell who plays Melody Jones originally auditioned for the part of Nicole. After Coleby who plays Roman quit the serial, James' time with the show was in doubt.
In March 2011, James confirmed that she had left "Home and Away". She has already filmed her final scenes and Nicole will leave on-screen later in the year. Of her departure, James said "I was at "Home and Away" for three-and-a-half-years, so it's good to be finished and get to be who I am, and do what I've wanted to do for so long."
Character development.
Characterisation.
Nicole has been portrayed as a party girl, feisty and has had many boyfriends in a short space of time. James has described Nicole stating: "I love playing Nicole because she's feisty and fun, and doesn't mind pushing the boundaries. And she dresses stylishly – she's very high maintenance, which is fun to play." The serial's official website describe her as: "Nicole might come off as a bitchy princess to some people, she's not malicious. She's simply as shallow as a puddle, and while she might cause others emotional pain, it's totally unintentional." They also state: "Nicole is a girl who lives to have fun, and she is fun if you accept her for who she is. And, of course, she thinks you're worth her attention. Nicole is a girl who knows exactly who she is and where she stands: at the centre of the universe." Soap opera reporting website Holy Soap described Nicole as "a label-loving pampered princess, armed with a sharp wardrobe and an even sharper tongue". They also added she was a "sultry" type character.
Whilst interviewed by "The Daily Telegraph", James stated: "I think she's the best character, I get to have so much fun being a princess and a prima donna. She doesn't mind pushing the boundaries. She's very high maintenance, which is fun to play." She also stated she enjoys Nicole's "promiscuous side" because she seems to have another boyfriend every week. James also enjoys the role because of this and the fact she gets so many "pash" scenes with other cast members.
Series producer Cameron Welsh branded Nicole as an "interesting character", adding his opinion on her development stating: "She came in with really strong opinions and a kind of morality that was different to the rest of the group". Welsh also believes that Nicole is destined to come "full circle". Of her 2010 storylines he comments that Nicole poor judgements make her realise and re-evaluate her life.
Relationship with Geoff Campbell.
Nicole embarks on a relationship with Geoff Campbell, not before they are embroiled in a "sordid love triangle" along with Melody. In one storyline Nicole and Geoff became stranded on a "deserted island" and nearly die. The episodes were filmed on Box Beach located at Shoal Bay, New South Wales as part of a two-day location shoot. Nicole nearly drowns in scenes which aired for the serial's "cliff-hanger" in 2008. James and Lewis took scuba diving lessons in preparation for the storyline. Filming the storyline was compromised by logistical challenges. The crew had to move camera equipment between boats and the crew walked around the perimeters of the beach in order to avoid leaving footprints. This was to keep the authenticity of a deserted location. The storyline was also given a "big budget", featured helicopters and a number of promotional adverts were aired on Seven.
The storyline began on-screen when Nicole started dating Elliot Gillen (Paul Pantano). He had a vendetta against Roman and kidnapped Nicole and Geoff and left them stranded out at sea. They washed up on a deserted island and were forced to survive without food and clothing. Describing the effect it had on Nicole and Geoff, James stated: "They have no food, shelter or clothing. [...] They find moments to make each other laugh, though, and realise how much they mean to one another." Geoff had strong religious views and did not believe in premarital sex. However, the environment they were in caused him to let his guard down and they slept together. Lewis told "TV Week" that all the pair could think of whilst trapped was being rescued and their feelings for one an other. He added that "the fact they were both pretty much naked didn't help". He concluded the fact they were both kids, trying to keep warm - that then "stuff happens". Geoff was left "guilt-ridden" because he gave into temptation. He did not regret it, but acknowledged that he wanted to save his virginity until marriage. Therefore Geoff saw no other option but to propose to Nicole. Lewis stated, "He's not 100% sure about that either, but he feels that if they're going to have sex, a wedding is the only solution." Describing Nicole's reaction he said that she was "dumbfounded" by his offer, as she had believed he was acting strange because he wanted to dump her. Nicole refused when she realised his reasons for proposing. According to James, the moment managed to ruin their passion, she also commented that: "Nicole has liked Geoff for ages and was so happy to have got together with him - but now he's spoiled it." James also admitted she was trilled to learn Nicole would turn down his proposal. James later opined that Nicole was "the one" for Geoff, but did not believe that Geoff was "the one" for Nicole.
Nicole and Geoff's relationship became strained. Nicole decided to plan a return trip to the island, believing it would solve their problems and bring them closer together. James said that Geoff loved the surprise, but found Nicole "very sexy and tempting". She added that everything about Nicole forced Geoff to question his religious beliefs and he felt he "needed to back away". Their trip soon turned disastrous when a man named Derrick Quaid (John Atkinson) stole their food and intimidated the couple. He admitted he were a murderer and tried to attack Geoff with a knife. James said he "put himself in harms way" to save Nicole.
In 2009, James told "Inside Soap" that Nicole and Geoff had a strong friendship underneath their romance. She also described their compatibility stating: "They're complete opposites, which works well for them. It's a bit of a fiery relationship, and they've been through a lot together." Whilst Lewis added: "They're also very similar in some of their strongest traits. Geoff and Nicole are both stubborn and opinionated, and in some ways they're naive. In a weird way they show a side to each other nobody else gets to see." James opined Nicole's wild behaviour was often to much for Geoff to cope with. In public, Lewis initially had negative feedback from older viewers because they felt Geoff was better suited to Melody. He revealed they felt like she was a bad influence for Geoff because she often played games. However towards the end of their relationship he felt perception had changed due to viewers having a better understanding of Nicole's persona.
Other relationships.
In 2009, the serial embarked on two lesbian storylines, one of which involved Nicole. It featured Freya Duric (Sophie Hensser) kissing Nicole, which sparked complaints. However for Nicole it wasn't about sexuality, rather finding herself the center of attention. James described their dynamic, stating: "Freya's exactly what Nicole was like when she first arrived in the bay, that is why they click. Nicole relates to the wild side of Freya, but has no idea how far Freya is going to take it." Through her relationship with Geoff she had mellowed, however her vanity was still present. James said Nicole was "angry" because she was on Freya's "not hot list". Freya kissed her to prove she thinks she is hot, James opined that Nicole did not enjoy the kiss, but was just "happy to be center of attention" and happy that people were talking about her again. The incident eventually brought her to the realisation that she had become boring. Nicole denied it was to do with her involvement with Geoff, however James said Geoff was the reason she became bored.
Later that year the serial included a storyline which was branded "bizarre" after it mirrored a real life scandal that had occurred weeks earlier. Lewis who plays love interest Geoff had been caught up in a sex tape scandal which leaked onto the internet, the serial decided to include Nicole making a sex tape with Trey Palmer (Luke Bracey) and having it leaked. Trey filmed without Nicole's consent, when she found out the truth she ended their relationship. Trey thought she and Geoff were getting back together so aired the tape at a local film festival to gain revenge. James described Nicole's state of mind adding, "She's quite vulnerable at the moment, with her dad, Roman, in prison. She's relying on Trey, so this is the last thing she needs."
Nicole's best friend during her initial storylines was Aden Jefferies (Todd Lasance). After Brendan Austin (Kain O'Keeffe) caused Roman to go blind, he took his anger out on Nicole and Aden. Subsequently they became "each other's support network" and Lasance said it was not long afterward that they "slipped between the sheets". One of the conditions of Aden's tenancy was to never sleep with Nicole, this made the pair feel guilty that they had deceived Roman. Lasance felt the storyline was controversial as he had a strong fan base for his relationship with Belle Taylor (Jessica Tovey) - which meant he knew it would "cause a stir" and divide the audience. In January 2010, Nicole and Aden "get up close and personal" and they decided to spend Aden's remaining time in the Bay together. They shared a kiss and James told "TV Week" that there are "a lot of complications" for them. She said that no one knew what was going to happen with Liam Murphy (Axle Whitehead) and that Nicole felt guilty for betraying Belle because she was her friend. James explained that Nicole's pairing with Aden was "a bit more serious and in-depth than her usual relationships." James opined that Aden was the "nicer guy" for Nicole, but Liam may have had "the edge she's after." Nicole and Aden then embarked on a relationship. James thought that Nicole and Aden's relationship was great and said "They started out having a kind of brother-sister relationship, and that developed into something more." Nicole declared her love for Aden, however he did not reciprocate. Lasance described the moment whilst interviewed by "TV Week" stating: "They've always had an awesome connection and Nicole gets into a bit of a comfortable state and blurts out that she loves Aden." Aden appreciated her love for him, however cannot say it back until he felt the same way. It is this that made their relationship "awkward", Nicole tried to withdraw her declaration and hide her hurt feelings.
Downward spiral.
In mid-2009, producers decided to take Nicole's storyline into a "u-turn", when she reverted to her "wild ways". At the time Nicole had endured repetitive personal trauma including failed relationships, Roman being sent to prison and her best friend Belle was dying of cancer. James explained: "It's all too much for her and she can't handle it, so she reverts to her wild ways." Geoff notices Nicole's erratic behaviour and attempts to help her. She tried to "lure him into bed" after he comforted her, however he turned her down. James said she no longer had romantic feelings for Geoff, but was actually in a "vulnerable state". She then started relying on alcohol more, and partied with fellow "wild child" Indigo Walker (Samara Weaving) at a "rowdy" venue. James explained that Nicole saw alcohol as an answer to her problems. The fact that "she's trying to deal with too many things" saw Nicole transform into a messed up and depressed person.
Nicole became more irresponsible with the more she drank and was in the company of many men. Geoff arrived and saved her from danger, Lewis said there was a part of Geoff that still loved Nicole. However they did not start anything again, James said she understood why because of their complicated backstory. However Geoff continued to support Nicole as he realised that "a lot of people she was closest to have deserted her". Nicole's unpredictable behaviour continued thereafter. All that Geoff could offer was to be there for her because ultimately "Nicole is the only one that can save her from herself."
Pregnancy.
Nicole had a brief relationship with Penn Graham (Christian Clark) and after he was murdered, she discovered that she was pregnant with his child. James told "Sunrise" that viewers could expect a "realistic portrayal of teen pregnancy" and she explained that it was important to respect the issue. She added "We took it very seriously with the writers, and you do a lot of research and things like that. You can only do your best, I guess!" Nicole later told Marilyn Chambers (Emily Symons) about the baby and she offered to adopt it. James later revealed that when she joined "Home and Away" she told the writers that they can do anything with her character, except make her pregnant. Of the moment she was told that Nicole was going to have a baby, James said "I went in to see our producer later and he said, 'Okay, I'm going to apologise in advance - we're making Nicole pregnant!'" She initially did not want to portray a "typical soap teenage pregnancy" as she thought Nicole should be different. However the situation was explained to her and she became excited at the challenging storyline ahead.
Nicole later decided to let Marilyn and Sid Walker (Robert Mammone) adopt the baby upon its birth. Marilyn was desperate to mother a child and her obsession with that and her controlling behaviour became too much for Nicole. Of the situation, Symons said "Marilyn is in Nicole's face every minute. She's doing it out of love, but she doesn't realise she's becoming obsessed with the baby." Nicole was still questioning whether she is making the right decision about her unborn baby's future and she argued with Marilyn. Nicole began dating a student from university, Angus McCathie (Tim Pocock), they got along well on their first dates. Marilyn was left worried about their agreement and she felt "distanced." Symons explained, "Marilyn is scared of being replaced. She's scared of losing the baby, which could happen because there isn't a legal agreement." Roo Stewart (Georgie Parker) helped Nicole by convincing Marilyn to re-evaluate the situation. Symons added that there is "still a long way to go" with the arrangement, but thereafter she was supportive and offered constructive help to Nicole. 
During the final few weeks of her pregnancy Nicole began to receive increasing support from Angelo Rosetta (Luke Jacobz). James said it was clear to see that "the lines of friendship could be blurring into something more" for the pair. Whilst Jacobz opined "They've been spending time together and have realised how comfortable they are together."
Angelo was forced to help Nicole give birth to a baby boy, George, and she handed him over to Marilyn immediately as agreed. She then tried to stay away, however it became obvious he needed her when he struggled without her. Marilyn then became obsessed with Nicole having the power to take her new son back. It was then revealed that Nicole would struggle to switch off her mothering instinct after giving George away. Nicole came to visit the baby and Marilyn caught her breastfeeding George, while she was alone with him. Symons called the scenes "volatile." Nicole was unaware that Marilyn has reservations about her spending time with the baby. Of the breastfeeding scene, Symons stated: "Marilyn is shocked and offended, and this cuts to the very core of her worries - that she doesn't have the same natural mothering instincts as George's birth mother. Without a doubt, Marilyn thinks Nicole is overstepping the mark. She feels that a boundary has been overstepped and it could put a big strain on their relationship." After the incident, Nicole is asked by Marylin, to stay away from the baby. James defended Nicole stating: "I think it's hard to not bond, but this is Marilyn's baby, and Nicole is so young and wants very much to give Marilyn and Sid this gift."
Storylines.
Nicole's biological parents were the teenage Roman and Natalie Franklin (Adrienne Pickering), but she was raised by her maternal grandparents and considered her mother, Natalie, as an older sister. She did not meet her father until her early teenage years. Nicole arrives in Summer Bay in a flashy car. She initially makes herself unpopular with her bitchy care-free nature. She sleeps with Aden, they later date for a while. She makes a bet with Aden that she can sleep with Geoff within two weeks, but Geoff and Belle publicly humiliate her when they find out. Nicole starts dating Roman's old SAS friend Elliot, he takes her diving and tries to kill her and Roman. Geoff tries to save Nicole, but Elliot leaves the pair stranded at sea. They wash up on a remote island and Geoff and Nicole and grow close to each other. Geoff, who has strong religious views, sleeps with Nicole as they cannot fight temptation. When rescued Geoff proposes to Nicole out of guilt, she turns him down. She later has a pregnancy scare but is happy to discover it was a false alarm. Nicole later decides she and Geoff should return to the island to repair their relationship. They chased through woodland by a murderer, Derrick who tries to kill them both. However they manage to escape. Nicole decides to try her best to make their relationship work. However after Freya kisses her they enter a few rocky periods and later break up. 
She starts a relationship with troublesome Trey. He films them having sex, which is later leaked at the town's movie festival. She has a brief relationship with Liam. After the death of good friend Belle, Nicole goes on a downward spiral. She starts partying and binge drinking along with Indigo. Geoff notices her behaviour and attempts to help her. After pushing him away she sleeps with drug addict Liam. She then pursues older man Sid. She kisses him and Indigo sees them, which ruins their friendship. She later moves in with Miles Copeland (Josh Quong Tart) who agrees to look after her. 
Nicole starts dating Penn who manipulates her. He makes her believe she has accidentally stepped on a needle and she has tests for HIV. She later finds out she has the all clear. Nicole reveals to Marilyn that she is pregnant with Penn's child. She initially chooses to have an abortion, but changes her mind and decides to give the baby to Marilyn. Nicole goes on a date with Angus and she takes him to her antenatal class. When he learns that Nicole is giving her baby away, Angus ends their relationship. Nicole become friends with Roo and asks her to be at the birth, but Roo turns her down. Marilyn apologises to Nicole when she starts to take over and begins leaving her out of her plans for the baby. Nicole becomes fed up when the baby is late and Angelo tries to help her start labour. They go for a walk on the beach and Nicole's water breaks. Angelo is then forced to deliver the baby. Nicole later decides that she wants her baby back and tells Marilyn, who is devastated. Marilyn takes the baby, but later returns him. Nicole then leaves Summer bay with Angelo and George. She later contacts Marilyn and they meet in the city. Nicole and Marilyn talk things through and Angelo shows up with George.
Reception.
Holy Soap said that Nicole's most memorable moment was when she "returned to the desert island with Geoff to rekindle their love" and she was held hostage by Derek the murderer, before her father came to the rescue. When Nicole began dating Liam, Caroline Fitton writing for the "Daily Mail" said "I think this reforming wild child – a kind of less moody Peaches Geldof – has struck lucky". "Inside Soap" opined that Nicole was a "flighty minx from the city who prays at the altar of Paris Hilton". The "Sunday Mail" said it seemed like no one could stop her downward spiral. The "Daily Record" said that Nicole and Geoff's relationship ending was good for her character. They later branded her a "fiery favourite" and when she started dating Penn, they said "Impressionable Nicole looks set to fall for the wrong man all over again". When Nicole had her HIV scare Holy Soap said "As if defending her man against the Bay's critics wasn't enough for one girl to take, poor Nic". "Inside Soap" said "Nicole Franklin isn't exactly backward in coming forward". Jaci Stephen of the "Daily Mail" opined that Nicole seemed incapable of decision making when it came to deciding on a birthing partner. "TV Week" chose James as one of the serial's most promising actresses opining she was ready for roles in Hollywood. 
"TV Week" often commented on her pregnancy storyline. After the plot was half way through Erin Miller of "TV Week" said that Nicole had changed her mind about adopting her baby "more times that Julia Gillard has uttered the phrase 'moving forward'". Upon watching Nicole's beach birth scenes, the magazine website editor quipped "Who knew sand had birthing properties?! Well, maybe not... but you could forgive pregnant teen Nicole for thinking that after a casual stroll along the Bay's beach ends with Angelo delivering her newborn son!" Commenting on the realism of the storyline they added: "Only in the Bay would a baby be born on the beach!" Miller thought it was odd she had then "miraculously lost any signs that she even had a baby." She quipped "already the teen is back to wearing skin-tight dresses!". They later described Nicole and Marilyn's argument over George as "the mother of all rifts" and said "It's exhausting just thinking about it!" Miller later criticised Nicole's career in fashion, after John told her he hated her designs for the Surf Club. She said "I had to agree with him - putting lifesavers in pink polo-neck swimmers is a terrible idea."

</doc>
<doc id="18437753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18437753" title="Boners">
Boners

Boners can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18437754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18437754" title="Carolle de Ste. Croix">
Carolle de Ste. Croix

Marie Carolle Lise de Ste-Croix (born November 28, 1968) is a Canadian educator, researcher and former political figure in New Brunswick. She represented Dalhousie-Restigouche East in the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick from 1995 to 1999 as a Liberal member.
Biography.
She was born in Dalhousie, New Brunswick and graduated from Mount Allison University in 1990 with a Bachelor of Arts in Canadian Studies. She then received a Masters in Science from the University of Guelph. De Ste-Croix was a teacher and French instructor in Iqaluit. She was defeated when she ran for re-election in 1999. Since September 2006, she has worked as Director of Alumni and Development for Mount Allison University.

</doc>
<doc id="18437777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18437777" title="Toshima Station">
Toshima Station

Station History.
Toshima Station was established on January 22, 1924 as a station on the privately held Atsumi Railroad. The Atsumi Railroad was merged into the Nagoya Railroad on September 1, 1940, which was spun out as the Toyohashi Railroad on October 1, 1954. 
Layout.
Toshima Station is an unmanned station with a single side platform for bidirectional traffic. 
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Toyohashi Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18437809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18437809" title="Dave King (actor)">
Dave King (actor)

Dave King (23 June 1929 – 15 April 2002) was an English comedian, actor, and vocalist of popular songs. He is best remembered as the corrupt policeman, 'Parky', in the British gangster film, "The Long Good Friday" (1980).
Life and career.
Born David Kingshott in Twickenham, England, King left school at 12 and joined the Morton Fraser Harmonica Gang at 15. He did his National Service in the RAF and was in the unit's repertory company, returning to variety on demob and later becoming a solo act. An appearance on "Television Music Hall" led to compering "Show Case" and being given a monthly series on the BBC in 1955. The next year he turned to singing while continuing to perform on television. In 1958 King moved to ITV with "The Dave King Show" which was song, dance and comedy with famous guests of the day.
King scored four hits on the UK Singles Chart in the middle of the 1950s. His biggest hits were "Memories Are Made of This" (#5, 1956) and "You Can't Be True to Two" (#11, 1956), both of which featured a backing group called The Keynotes. He also charted with "Christmas and You" (#23, 1956) and "The Story of My Life" (#20, 1958).
In 1959, he went to the United States and hosted the country's high profile "Kraft Music Hall" on nineteen occasions, but otherwise had limited success despite Mel Brooks joining his regular writers Sid Green and Dick Hills. On returning to the United Kingdom, he found that the public's taste in comedy had changed. "Dave's Kingdom" ran on ITV in 1964, again made by ATV, but was less successful than King's earlier television work. King became a straight actor with some success, appearing in a number of series like "The Sweeney" (episode: "Pay Off", 1976), "Hazell" (1978), "Pennies From Heaven" (1978), "The Professionals" (episode: "Hijack", 1980), "Coronation Street" (1994–95). King also played the policeman 'Parky', in "The Long Good Friday" (1980). He also appeared in a stage version of "Arsenic and Old Lace", playing Mortimer Brewster.
He married a dancer, Jean Hart, and they had two daughters, Cheyenne and Kiowa. They lived in South Cerney in Gloucestershire. His hobbies included model railways and American folklore.
King died in April 2002, aged 72.

</doc>
<doc id="18437817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18437817" title="Guy Montag Doe v. San Francisco Housing Authority">
Guy Montag Doe v. San Francisco Housing Authority

Guy Montag Doe v. San Francisco Housing Authority is a lawsuit filed by the National Rifle Association the day after the United States Supreme Court decided in "District of Columbia v. Heller" that the Second Amendment to the United States Constitution protects an individual's right to possess a firearm for private use. The complaint against San Francisco challenges the city's ban of guns in public housing.
San Francisco City Attorney Dennis Herrera claimed the NRA's lawsuit is "factually slipshod" because, among other reasons, the city is erroneously named as a defendant, in addition to the housing authority, which is a separate legal entity. The NRA responded that any errors in the complaint will be corrected and the purpose of the lawsuit is to confirm whether the Supreme Court's ruling applies to state and city gun laws as well as federal measures.
The name "Guy Montag" is a reference to Ray Bradbury's novel "Fahrenheit 451".
Settlement.
On January 14, 2009, the San Francisco Housing Authority reached a settlement with the NRA, which allows residents to possess legal firearms within a SFHA apartment building.

</doc>
<doc id="18437818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18437818" title="Denny Almonte">
Denny Almonte

Denny Almonte (born September 24, 1988 in Miami, Florida) is a professional baseball player. He was drafted in the second round of the 2007 Major League Baseball Draft by the Seattle Mariners. He attended Florida Christian School.
High School career.
Almonte had a fabulous high school career as an Aflac All American despite one slip up. On March 3, 2007 Almonte faced University School of NSU Cuban Defector Andrew Bromley in a controversial at bat. During this at bat Bromley struck out Almonte swinging on a 52 mile per hour fast ball. Almonte recounted "It was the slowest pitch I have ever seen since my grandfathers slow pitch soft ball league in 1997." Renown Florida Christian School head baseball coach Ernie Padron argued the call on the basis of it being below the FHSAA's minimum speed requirement for fastballs.
Professional career.
Seattle Mariners.
Almonte began his professional career with the Rookie-Level Peoria Mariners in . He batted .161 with two doubles, one triple and six RBIs. He was transferred to the Short-Season Everett AquaSox on August 31. At seasons end Almonte participated in the Arizona Fall League.
In Almonte spent the entire season with the Class-A Wisconsin Timber Rattlers of the Midwest League. He hit .249 with 20 doubles, seven triples, 10 home runs and 51 RBIs in 100 games. He again participated in the Arizona Fall League at seasons end.
He spent the season with the Class-A Clinton Lumber Kings. In 108 games, Almote hit .232 with 23 doubles, five triples, 13 home runs and 58 RBIs. He was selected to the Midwest League Mid-Season All-Star Team and competed in the home run derby.

</doc>
<doc id="18437832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18437832" title="Tempe High School">
Tempe High School

Tempe High School may refer to these high schools:

</doc>
<doc id="18437835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18437835" title="Said Gafurov">
Said Gafurov

Gafurov (Gafourov), Said Zakirovich (1967)—a Russian economist, orientalist and adminstrator. A Gorky Tatar (Mişär or Misher) by origin, gradiated in 1992 from the College of Asian and African studies at the Moscow State University, Candidate of Science (econ.), Counselor of the Russian Federation. Author of a number of monographs and articles. A son of Professor Gafurov Zakerya Shagizanovich–colonel, professional revolutionary, creator of theory of construction of revolutionary armies in developing countries and Gafurova (Khusainova) Anisa Sofovna–a professional artist, secretary of the Moscow union of artists. Married to Darya Mitina - a prominent Russian Communist leader, co-chairperson of the Left Front (Russia), 1-st Secretary of Russian Komsomol, former member of State Duma.
Governmental service.
Gafurov held a position of Director of Department of State property of Finance, Credit, Insurance and Foreign Trade organizations of the Ministry of State Property of Russia as well as a Counsellor on Russian Interbudget relations in the Ministry of Regional Development of the Russian Federation.
Since 2011 Gafurov workes as a Deputy Chief Editor (responsible for economic issues)of the Russian monthly journal "VVP" ("Gross Domestic Product") - http://vvprf.ru/ - known for active support of Vladimir Putin.
Political economy and Theory of Property.
Gafurov is an author of an empiric research monography "Essay on Experience of Comparative Analysis of Privatization and Formation of Corporate Securities Markets in Developing and Post-socialist Countries in 1991—1996" (Moscow State University. "Dialog", Moscow, 2000) and a few works on theory and practice of political economy of property.
Orientalism.
Gafurov is an author of a short article on philosophical ideas of Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi, translated to some European, Arabic and African languages. The most interesting point is that Gafurov proves that ideas of Gaddafi are similar to those of anarchists. It was kind of a scandal during the war!
In addition, he is an author of a number of works on economy, privatization and development of economies, privatization and securities markets of the Arabic, Asiatic and African countries.
Gafurov also works on the problems of Islamic sects: ismailism, druzes, and alawisms. He, in particular, supposed that all distinctions between flows in Islam (sunnizm and different directions of shiizm) were actually taken to the questions of implementation of law, but not dogmatic or personal reasons, because in an order to be a Muslim it is necessary and enough to make public acceptance of credo of faith, consisting only of two propositions: (1) that there is only one god (taukhid) and (2) that Muhammed is one of his prophets.
He supposed that registration of separate flow is a problem of codification and creation of a separate, independent "mazkhab" a legal school and norms of laws, distinguishing this flow from other directions in Islam.
Gafurov defended memory of Al-Hakim bi-Amr Allah - an assassinated Fatimid caliph who was later claimed insane by ismailities, Christians and sunnites and deified by the druzes as well as defence of Syrian and Turkish alawites.
Libya in 2011.
In 2011 during the popular uprising in Libya Gafurov became one of the most prominent ideologists of pro-Gaddafi forces in Russia, though Gafurov himself pointed out that he did not take sides "Any barricade has only two sides. And if there are your enemies on both it simply means that this is not your barricade". 
However, in practice Gafurov's articles defended Kaddasfi's side based on
1. Gafurov's thesis that the uprisal is a tribal reaction to Gaddafi's attempts to modernise Libya (http://www.mathaba.net/news/?x=626165?flattr, http://www.vz.ru/opinions/2011/2/25/471579.html, http://community.livejournal.com/ru_politics/36396770.html, http://williambowles.info/2011/03/09/what-is-happening-in-libya-by-said-gafurov/, http://www.centrasia.ru/newsA.php?st=1299736680)
2. That the insurgents were led by former Minister of Justice in the Gaddafi's government .
3. Economic interests of Russian oil and gas sector (http://spb.kp.ru/daily/25657/820922/).
Gafourov's article that Russian President Dmitry Medvedev was cheated by US vice-president Biden that promised to send US Minister of Defence Gates to Russias before implementation of the UN Revolution 1973 caused a main scandal in the Russian political circles and widely distributed especially when it was followed by public exchange of opinions between Russian President Medvedev and Prime-Minister Putin.
In addition Gafurov defended Syria regime during the uprising in Deraa pointing that it was a struggle for arable land between druzes and bedouins (http://www.vz.ru/opinions/2011/3/23/478023.html).
Later activities.
Since 2011 Gafurov has held the position of the Deputy Chief Editor (responsible for economic issues) of the "VVP" ("Gross Domestic Product") monthly journal, known for uncritical support of Putin's policy. Under his guidenance "VVP" has changed to be one of the most significant bastions of champions of neo-Keynesian, anti-neoliberal economic policy in Russia regardless of pro-liberal policy of Putin's Administration.
Since 2011 Gafurov has actively supported Syian government in Russian media including Russian media in foreign languages. Gafurov
has been a Deputy Chairman of the Russian Committee for Solidarity with peoples of Libya and Syria since its foundation.
Gafurov supported Cote d Ivoirite President Loraint Gbagbo against another Cote d Ivoirite President Allasaint Wattara - http://www.rus-obr.ru/ru-club/9425.
Gafurov does disapproves NATO, neo-colonialism and neo-racism and is sharply critical against current EU policy in Africa.
Gafurov is one of known leaders of the Russian Social Forum movements.
Gafurov participated in writing of program documents of the Russian Movement in defence of Labour (which was sharply criticised for its position in support of Putin in his struggle against restoration of neo-liberalism).
Gafurov is a known Russian marxist thinker though his Marxist works are of little importance. He belongs to school of prominent Russian Marxist thinker Alexander Buzgalin, and prof. Buzgalin was a supervisor of his Ph.D. thesis. Nevertheless Gafurov's ideas are close to Marxist positivism and he moved far away from dialectical metaphisics of Buzgalin. Gafurov rejects concepts of Asiatic mode of production and State_capitalism nature of the Soviet Union (based on analysis of role of credit relations in the USSR and State Capitalist countries). In practical politics he defends an awkward idea of reconciliation of Stalinist, Trotskist and Maoist tendencies based on a wrong idea that the differences have only historical significance. Anyhow nobody listens to Gafurov.
Intersting facts.
Gafurov is generally believed to be the prototype of the main hero of Darya Mitina sets of humoristic short stories - "The highest level of relations" and "Talks in bed". He is depicted as a simple-minded, naive henpecked husband who pretends to be ultra male chauvinistic and always get in funny situations because of it.
Gafurov is a frontman at Russian internet-TV weekly shows at www.pravda.ru : "Point of view: Orient", "Point of view: Economy", "Point of view: Behind the Ocean".

</doc>
<doc id="18437847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18437847" title="Last of the Summer Wine (series 15)">
Last of the Summer Wine (series 15)

The Last of the Summer Wines fifteenth series aired on BBC1. All of the episodes were written by Roy Clarke and produced and directed by Alan J. W. Bell.
Outline.
The trio in this series consisted of: 
DVD release.
It was released on DVD in October 2009

</doc>
<doc id="18437851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18437851" title="Gillingham School">
Gillingham School

Gillingham School is a coeducational school situated in Gillingham in North Dorset, England. Gillingham Grammar School can trace its foundation back to 1516. It was founded as a Free School, paid for out of the proceeds of land gifted to the school by several local landowners, and was managed by twelve trustees or Feoffees. Evidence exists to prove that the Gillingham Free School persisted without a break until the present day although the format has metamorphosed to a Grammar school and then to its present Comprehensive status. Among its distinguished early pupils was Edward Hyde, who became the 1st Earl of Clarendon, and Lord High Chancellor of England 1661 - 1667. Edward Frampton was the headmaster in 1648 and he became Bishop of Gloucester in 1680. 
Over the years the school further prospered, and in 1916 girls were admitted for the first time. It was in 1926 that the school came under the control of the Dorset County Council who agreed to pay the staff salaries and provide grants for most education needs. In 1940 a County "Modern School" for the less academically able was built in a field next to the Grammar School and in 1959 the two schools combined into a Comprehensive School. Over the years and particularly in recent times the buildings were modernised and eventually all were replaced. The present school now has a roll of over 1600 pupils and a reputation for high achievement.
Gillingham School is divided up into 10 form tutors, each with a name which relates to the school in one way or another. They are; Baxter, Clarendon, Davenant, Fletcher, George-Butler, Hurley, Matthews, Lyndon, Seager, and Wagner. As a comprehensive school, Year 7 - 11 have these tutors, each with roughly 28 pupils in. The Gillingham School Sixth Form are sorted into tutors, however the names are different from the school. The names are the initials of the form tutor teacher themselves. 
The Gillingham School sixth form attracts students from a large surrounding region and was rated 'outstanding' in the latest Ofsted report.

</doc>
<doc id="18437859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18437859" title="Cuyahoga County Courthouse">
Cuyahoga County Courthouse

The Cuyahoga County Courthouse stretches along Lakeside Boulevard at the north end of the Cleveland Mall in downtown Cleveland, Ohio. The building was listed on the National Register along with the mall district in 1975. Other notable buildings of the Group Plan are the Howard M. Metzenbaum U.S. Courthouse designed by Arnold Brunner, the Cleveland Public Library, the Board of Education Building, Cleveland City Hall, and Public Auditorium.
History.
Cuyahoga County was established in 1807 with the county seat still in the air. The county decided to place the temporary county seat was in the largest settlement of Cleveland. The courts met in various taverns and inns around town while waiting for the courthouse to be built. This first courthouse was designed and built by Levi Johnson. The building was completed in 1813 and was a simple Federal style stone structure. The structure was five bays wide and two piles deep, with doors located in the center and to the right corner of the facade. A rectangular window was located between these doors with a smaller square window to the left of the central door. Five rectangular windows lit the second floor. The pitched roof was framed by brick chimneys on either end. The clapboard siding was painted red with white trim boards.
The county occupied this courthouse when the decision was made to make Cleveland the permanent county seat. The county soon erected a new courthouse in 1828. Henry Noble built the new courthouse of brick two-stories tall. The front of the courthouse was framed by four colossal Doric columns supporting an entablature. The interior was illuminated by large rectangular windows piercing the facade. The flat roof supported a cupola which located in the center of the building. The cupola rose on Ionic columns and supported a lantern capped by a weather vane. This courthouse remained in use until the 1850s.
The growth of Cleveland, and consequently the legal business of Cuyahoga County, had for some time foreshadowed the necessity for increased courthouse facilities, and action was taken in the period now under consideration. It was decided to clear Public Square permanently of official buildings, and accordingly a new structure and a new site were agreed upon. This latter was situated just north of the northwest corner of Public Square, on the north side of Rockwell street. On November 10, 1857, the County Commissioners contracted with George P. Smith and James Pannell to erect a sub-stantial stone edifice, three stories high, at a cost of $152,500. The new third courthouse was designed by J.J. Husband, an amateur designer, built in 1858. This new building, built of stone was designed in the Italianate style. The building has a square footprint with a central entrance. The entrance is contained a slightly projected bay with two windows on either side. The windows in the basement are small arched panels with the main floor windows slightly larger. The second floor windows are large arched windows separated by Corinthian pilasters. A decorative frieze separated the second floor from the third floor and a pediment topping the center projection. A mansard roof tops the building with dormer windows lining the facade. Four large chimneys framed the building on the sides. This building, eventually called "the old court-house," filled all the requirements of county business until 1875.
Ground was then purchased on Seneca street(West 3rd St.), running back to the county jail on Rockwell street, and a contract let for a new court-house, at a cost of $250,000. So, in 1875 a 4th courthouse was constructed. It was nearly square, running seventy feet in each direction with rooms for various officials and the courts in the Seneca(West 3rd St.)front of the building, with the jail in the rear.
In 1884 the county was faced with a problem of room and space in the courtroom and the decision was made to expand the current building than to build a new one.So,a still further increase of facilities was made in 1884, when two stories were added to the old building on public square, at a cost of nearly $100,000. The building transformed from a -story building to a 5-story building. The facade was changed as well with the central projection going from one arched window to three arched windows on the second and third floor and four arched windows on the fourth and fifth. To either side of the central projection is an arched window. A larger pediment tops the projection with dentil moldings lining the overhangs. The hipped roof rose to support a small gabled tower with a decorative frieze. The chimneys on the sides were built up to rise over the roof and were each equipped with pipes that ventilated many fireplaces and heaters.
The county was in need once again of larger facilities for county operations and the design was awarded to Walter Blythe. The site that was chosen was along the Cleveland Mall and was designed in the style that matched many of the Beaux Arts style of the federal buildings sprouting along the Washington D.C. Mall. It is one of several buildings built as part of the Cleveland Group Plan of 1903, an early City Beautiful-era city plan designed by Daniel Burnham, Arnold Brunner, and John Carrere. All previous courthouses have since been demolished.
Exterior.
The building was constructed from 1906–1912 by the architectural firm of Lehman & Schmitt. The building is Beaux Arts style and is constructed of Milford pink granite from Massachusetts. The rusticated masonry of the ground floor includes deeply recessed and arched windows and doors. A protruding keystone tops each one. The front entrance is flanked by bronze statues of Thomas Jefferson and Alexander Hamilton sculpted by Karl Bitter. Directly above the front entry doors are three large arched windows between fluted columns of the Ionic order allowing daylight into the courtroom within. The frieze of the cornice includes the inscription "Cuyahoga County Courthouse". Above the cornice are several stone statues of historical law givers. Two of these figures, of Edward I and John Hampden, were sculpted by Daniel Chester French. The rear elevation facing Lake Erie is composed similarly, but with the inscription "Liberty is Obedience to Law". A pediment with a plain tympanum surmounts the central element of the facade on both the north and south elevations.
The interior contains murals by Frank Brangwyn, Violet Oakley, Charles Yardley Turner, Max Bohm and Frederick Wilson.

</doc>
<doc id="18437866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18437866" title="HCPC">
HCPC

The abbreviation HCPC may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18437867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18437867" title="Shwayze">
Shwayze

Shwayze is the stage name of Aaron Smith (born May 29, 1985), an American rapper.
His first single "Buzzin'" peaked at #46 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. His second single "Corona and Lime," has reached #23 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 in the US and #3 in the US iTunes Store. Shwayze's self-titled debut album, which Cisco Adler co-wrote, was released on August 19, 2008.
Early life.
Aaron Smith was born in Malibu, California. Despite the area's reputation for affluence and luxury, he was raised in a trailer park. His early life was spent juggling several jobs while also helping his grandfather out as a handyman. Shwayze worked at a local Starbucks coffee shop until he met Whitestarr frontman Cisco Adler at a nightclub.
Career.
One night Shwayze jumped on stage during Whitestarr's performance and started freestyle rapping, impressing Adler. They immediately began making music together and landed a deal with Suretone Records. He identified himself as "the only black kid in Malibu." He and Whitestarr's Cisco Adler soon formed the duo Shwayze. Fame and success did arrive instantly. Smith spent much of his time hanging around Adler, waiting for the invitation to jam or write a song. Smith viewed himself as a persistent, if bratty, kid, while Adler recognized talent and charisma and simply needed time to adjust to Shwayze in studio with him.
Debut album.
After recording several tracks with Adler, the duo was signed to the label Geffen and a self-titled album was produced. Adler helped in song writing, production and backup vocals. Once "Buzzin'" was released, the first track off the album "Shwayze", it was just a matter of time until Shwayze's career took off. "Buzzin'" was released on August 19, 2008 and was the first single released off the album "Shwayze". "Corona and Lime" soon followed. "Buzzin'" shot up the "Billboard" Hot 100, reaching #46. Despite being all but ignored in the hip hop community, "Buzzin'" gained its popularity in the pop world. It inspired the show "Buzzin'" on MTV and was also featured in Pontiac commercials. The misadventures of Shwayze and Cisco Adler appeared to marketers as a successful advertising campaign.
On September 2, 2010, Shwayze performed at the Georgia Institute of Technology in Atlanta, Georgia, alongside Kelley James and Lil Jon as part of the Muscle Milk Social Studies Tour.
Shwayze performed a show at Raritan Valley Community College in central New Jersey but Smith was ill. So, only Adler performed with the band. Many ticketholders were disappointed that Smith was not present, so a majority of the tickets were refunded.
TV series.
Shwayze and Adler are the focus of a reality television series on MTV, "Buzzin'", which debuted on July 23, 2008. The show has now stopped with a replacement of "Let it Beat TV" on iamrogue.com. He has been also known to work with rapper Chris Young of Banana Beat Records. 
Smith is featured in a sketch on "Nick Swardson's Pretend Time".
"Let It Beat".
The album "Let It Beat" was initially announced on February 4, 2009. Its first single, "Get U Home", was released on June 28, 2009. After the lack of success from the reality TV series "Buzzin that accompanied the first album, Shwayze was hopeful that he would gain greater music credibility. Rather than being famous for "Buzzin'" in 2008, both Shwayze and Cisco Adler wanted to become more of a career band. 
Adler was quoted saying he wanted to make the sound "bigger" on "Let It Beat" than it had been on "Shwayze,"which had been on the 2008 Top 10 Debut. In an attempt to change the sound, the first single off the album, "Get U Home," has more of a rhythmic club feeling. "Crazy For You," a collaboration with the Ric Ocasek and Darryl Jenifer, sounds more like a rock track, while "Heart and Soul," with Roy Bittan, is a ballad. Snoop Dogg is also featured on "Livin' It Up" and the Knux is on "Dirty Little Girl".
Additional music.
Shwayze and Cisco Adler released a mixtape, "Rich Girls", on November 24, 2008. 
In June 2010, Adler released a mixtape, "Super California Lipstick Sexy Magic Dope Shit". Shwayze appeared on three tracks, "California Girl," "High, High, High" and "More Than A Fan." On September 7, 2010, as Aaron Smith, Shwayze released "Love Stoned", a free mixtape. Shwayze promoted the mixtape throughout the summer.
Shwayze’s song “Get U Home” was featured in the horror films "Sorority Row" and "Piranha 3D".
"The W's".
In January 2011, Cisco Adler and Shwayze announced a new free miniature album "The W's". The title is a reference to the song "High Together" from Shwayze's first album in which he says "I live by the W's: Weed and Women". More info on the mini album will be released during "Cisco's House" a weekly webcast from Cisco Adler on Justin.TV.
Name clarification.
The name "Shwayze" had, up until August 30, 2011, been the name of the duo Aaron Smith and Cisco Adler. However, after some confusion and a change of attitude, the duo decided that "Shwayze" should refer to Smith, and the duo would be known as Shwayze & Cisco Adler. This change in name was the precursor to the release of their third album "Island in the Sun." The album was the first on their new label Bananabeat Records which was distributed by the Orchard.
"Island in the Sun".
Shwayze and Cisco planned to release their third studio album "Island in the Sun" mid-2011. The album's single, "You Could Be My Girl" hits a similar vibe as several songs from their debut album, Shwayze, unlike "Let It Beat" which had a more club, mainstream vibe. The album was released on September 13, 2011 it included features from Kendrick Lamar, Sophie Stern, Nikko Gray and Sky Blu of LMFAO.
Leading up to the album, the duo established the internet show "Cisco's House" as well as a weekly "Island on Web Concept" which they used to release new tracks. "Butterfly" and "You Could Be My Girl" were debuted on this special. 
Adler was quoted saying that he hopes Bananabeat Records will launch a "lifestyle-based movement" that will form partnerships with Oakley and New Era. He cited Jimmy Buffet's empire and business model as an inspiration.
"Shwayze Summer".
The album Shwayze Summer was released on July 14, 2013. Its first single for the album was "Love is Overrated" produced by Paul Couture. This is Shwayze's first full length debut album as a solo artist without his previous singer Cisco Adler. Shwayze stated in an interview that they both needed a musical break from each other, but they are still on good terms. The album contains 12 tracks and features The Cataracs, Tayyib Ali, Devin K, Paul Couture, Ferrari Snowday, Marco and Austin Paul.
Influences and styles.
Shwayze has become known as a quintessential Southern Californian musician. While initially sounding genial and pleasant, his lyrics about drugs, women, and constant partying deliver a different message than the mellow beats and simple instrumental work would initially imply. Shwayze's work has been influenced by Crazy Town, Pharcyde, and Atmosphere. Shwayze has also been quoted saying he grew up wishing he was Snoop Dogg and being heavily influence by the music of A Tribe Called Quest. However, he was never able to rap over heavy beats well. Thus, he developed a more mellow sound influenced by 1970s folk music.
Personal life.
In June 2010, word got out that model Shelby Keeton, Shwayze's girlfriend, was three months pregnant. Shwayze and Keeton had a baby boy in November 2010 and named him Hendrix after Shwayze's guitar god hero. Shwayze and Keeton married on the beach in Kauai, Hawaii, on February 13, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="18437899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18437899" title="Big City (Merle Haggard album)">
Big City (Merle Haggard album)

Big City is an album by Merle Haggard, released in 1981. It was his debut on the Epic label after ending his association with MCA. "Big City" peaked at number three on the Billboard Country Album charts and number 161 on the Pop Album charts. It was an RIAA certified Gold album.
History.
"Big City" was recorded in a two-day marathon recording session that produced enough songs for this release, plus Haggard’s 1982 release, "Going Where the Lonely Go". The songs continue Haggard’s often-used themes surrounding the struggle of the working man amid the complexities and challenges of urban life.
"Big City" bore two No. 1 singles: the title track and “My Favorite Memory.” The other single release, “Are the Good Times Really Over (I Wish a Buck Was Still Silver),” peaked at number two on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart and also won the Academy of Country Music 1982 Song of the Year. Another track, “I Always Get Lucky With You,” would be recorded by George Jones, whose version reached the top of the Hot Country Singles chart in 1983.
The CD re-issue includes two bonus tracks: “Call Me” and “I Won’t Give Up My Train” (a duet with Roger Miller).

</doc>
<doc id="18437903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18437903" title="Shore rockling">
Shore rockling

The Shore rockling ("Gaidropsarus mediterraneus") is a mottled brown small elongated fish. This eel-like fish has 3 barbels on its head, with 2nd Dorsal fin and Anal fin running the long most of its body. These fins may be viewed moving in a continuous wave motion.
The Shore Rockling is often confused with the five-bearded rockling ("Ciliata mustela") and also the larger three-bearded rockling ("Gaidropsarus vulgaris"), due to their similar colourings, shape and habitat.
As the name suggests, main visual differences are the Five-bearded Rockling having five barbels around its mouth, whereas the Three-bearded Rockling having a significant redness to its brown colouring when compared to the Shore Rockling.
Shore Rocklings live in and around rocky areas throughout the English Channel feeding on both worms and crustaceans.
Other than in the English Channel, Shore Rocklings are also found in the Atlantic (Europe) and Mediterranean.

</doc>
<doc id="18437904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18437904" title="Maggie Walters">
Maggie Walters

Maggie Walters is an American musician living in Austin, Texas. She has released two full-length albums, "Maggie Walters" (2005) and "Midwestern Hurricane" (2008). 
Walters' songs "Another Living Room" and "Be Careful Love" have appeared in the NBC shows "Life" and "Friday Night Lights", respectively.
Walters is currently working on her third full-length studio album. 
Career.
Walters’ first standing gig was at a Chicago bar owned by Don Gibb, who played Ogre in the 1984 film "Revenge of the Nerds". It was Gibb himself who auditioned Walters and chose to feature her several nights a week. Her first demo was recorded in the bathroom of her Wrigleyville apartment on a BR-1180. These songs would later become tracks on "Maggie Walters" and "Midwestern Hurricane". 
In 2004, Walters was invited to perform at the Campus Greens Convention in Austin, Texas. In addition, a local radio DJ from KLBJ's The Dudley and Bob Show, had seen Walters play at Gibb's bar in Chicago and invited her to be a guest on his show while she was visiting. Soon after her performances at Campus Greens, Walters returned to Austin to collaborate with one of the musicians she had met on her first trip. Before her first album was complete, a few demos made it into the hands of a KGSR DJ, who began playing a rough mix of "Fingerprints" on the station regularly. 
In 2005, Walters released her self-titled debut album, "Maggie Walters". To mark the album's release, she played a CD release show at Austin's renowned Cactus Café. She received a four-star review from the "Austin American-Statesman" and gathered praise from "Texas Music Magazine", the "Austin Chronicle" and others. Soon after, Walters was chosen as a South by Southwest showcasing act, at which time she also made appearances on such shows as KGSR's "Live from the Four Seasons", KUT's "Ekletikos" and "The Bob Edwards Show". The independent release sold out and garnered more attention from the industry. Later that year, engineer and producer Dan Workman, co-owner of Houston's SugarHill Recording Studios, approached Walters and the two recorded an EP early in 2006, in time for a second SXSW showcase. It was at this showcase where she was signed to a record label. They wished to use four of the songs from "Maggie Walters" on the new album, thus the original self-titled album was removed from retail and digital distributors.
To produce the new album, Walters chose the Butthole Surfers guitarist and Sublime producer Paul Leary. Walters again received support from notable musicians, including John Hagan (Lyle Lovett), Ian McLagan, and Ray Wylie Hubbard. "Midwestern Hurricane" was mastered by Howie Weinberg at Masterdisk in New York City. In 2008 Walters parted ways with her record label but retained the rights to the album.
In 2008, "Midwestern Hurricane" was released. Soon after, the other tracks from her debut album were re-released.
In 2010, Walters made an appearance on a Ray Wylie Hubbard album and announced that she would be contributing to a new album by East Bay Ray of the Dead Kennedys. 
Walters has again teamed up with Leary and is currently working on her third album. The first single ("No Sex", featuring Guðrið Hansdóttir of the Faroe Islands) was released in advance on iTunes on Oct. 19, 2010. A video for the song was released on YouTube on Feb. 22, 2011. The video was featured on the front page of the SXSW 2011 website. 
In early 2011, Walters announced that she would be an official showcasing act of SXSW 2011. Later that year, Walters made appearances on several tracks on Sublime with Rome's debut album.
Discography.
"Maggie Walters" (2005)
"The Real Life Cowboy EP" (2006, also known as "The SugarHill EP", "The Pink EP")
"Midwestern Hurricane" (2008)
Other Works and Appearances.
The Tiny Tin Hearts - "Last Flight of the Martyr Aviator" (2009, editing)<br>
Ray Wylie Hubbard - "" (2010, vocals on tracks "Pots and Pans" and "Opium" and editing)<br>
Band of Heathens - "Top Hat Crown & The Clapmaster's Son" (2010, editing)<br>
Sublime with Rome - "Yours Truly" (2011, vocals on "You Better Listen" and other tracks)

</doc>
<doc id="18437910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18437910" title="John H. Dialogue">
John H. Dialogue

John H. Dialogue was an industrialist born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, in 1828 to Adam and Sallie Dialogue. The family was of French-German ancestry. His father, Adam, was also an entrepreneur and inventor, and established himself as manufacturer of riveted fire hose. Dialogue grew up in Philadelphia and was educated at Central High School, graduating in 1846. His uncle taught him machine work and drafting, and in 1850, Dialogue moved to Camden, New Jersey.
Family.
He married Mary Easby of Philadelphia and they had four children: John Dialogue Jr., who eventually took over his father’s shipbuilding works, and three daughters, Adelaide, Stella, and Lillie.
Community efforts.
In addition to his work in the industrial field, Dialogue remained involved in civic affairs. Despite being a Democrat, Dialogue ran unsuccessfully for New Jersey state senator from Camden in a voting district that was strongly Republican. He also served in a variety of community groups, such as serving on the Board of Education in 1875 and on the Camden city council in 1878, serving several terms and then becoming president of the council. In 1880 he was a presidential elector for the Hancock-English ticket and was later chosen as the president of the Electoral College of the State.
Repairing locomotives.
Dialogue started his enterprises in Camden by repairing locomotives for the Camden & Amboy Railroad Company, as well as working on Camden and Philadelphia and West Jersey Ferry Companies ferryboats, which were then common at the time at Camden, located on the Delaware River.
Producing engines.
In 1854, he purchased the Elias Kaighn foundry where his workers performed general machine work, as well as building Corliss stationary engines under a special license for the inventor. The Corliss engine was a new invention, and it greatly increased a steam engine's efficiency because of its innovative governor and valve design.
Shipbuilding.
He founded in 1862 the Camden National Iron Armor and Shipbuilding Company, which constructed small ships, but the company closed before the American Civil War ended. Dialogue then acted as subcontractor for Wilcox and Whiting, which took over the shipyard during the “weak” economic period from 1865 to 1870.
In 1870 he founded the River Iron Works, Dialogue & Wood, proprietors, which built iron ships. When Mr. Wood died, Dialogue became partner in the firm with his son, which then became known as John H. Dialogue & Son. This shipyard produced a large number of tugboats, both for civilian use and for the U.S. Navy. The shipyard was innovative, and was one of the first to adopt the compound marine engine and Scotch boiler. By the late 19th century, the shipyard was quite large and had the honor of doing reconstruction work on the famous USS Constitution.
Suffering heart disease.
After trying to restore his ailing heart by resting at his home at Atlantic City, Dialogue died October 23, 1898, and his son, John H. Dialogue, Jr., took over the shipyard and continued work until just before World War I, when the younger Dialogue was forced into bankruptcy in late 1913. The property was purchased by the Reading Railroad, through hidden buyers, at less than half its appraised value, and the shipyard was demolished and was reconstructed into Reading's Camden terminal.
Mrs. Mary Dialogue died in 1882.

</doc>
<doc id="18437915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18437915" title="1887 World Series">
1887 World Series

The 1887 World Series was won by the Detroit Wolverines of the National League, over the St. Louis Browns of the American Association, 10 games to 5. It was played between October 10 and 26, and played in numerous neutral cities, as well as in Detroit and St. Louis. Detroit clinched the series in game 11. 
This Series was part of the pre-modern World Series, an annual competition between the champion of the National League and the champion of the American Association.
The Wolverines, who had been in the League since 1881, had spent a significant sum of money to bring star players to Detroit for the 1887, and the investment paid off with a championship, but not in money. Detroit was not yet the Motor City, and was not ready to support major league baseball. The 1887 champions folded after the 1888 season.
World Championship Summary.
The Detroit Wolverines defeated the St. Louis Browns in the 1887 World Series, 10 games to 5. 
After the Wolverines won the National League pennant, owner Fred Stearns challenged the American Association champion St. Louis Browns. The Wolverines and the Browns would play "a series of contests for supremacy" of the baseball world. This early "world series" consisted of fifteen games – played in Pittsburgh, Brooklyn, New York, Philadelphia, Boston, Washington, Baltimore and Chicago, as well as Detroit and St. Louis. The Wolverines claimed their eighth victory – and thus the championship – in the eleventh game. 

</doc>
<doc id="18437920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18437920" title="90th meridian west">
90th meridian west

The meridian 90° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, North America, the Gulf of Mexico, Central America, the Pacific Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
In Antarctica, the meridian defines the western limit of Chile's territorial claim. The land further west is not claimed by any nation.
The 90th meridian west forms a great circle with the 90th meridian east.
From Pole to Pole.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 90th meridian west passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="18437962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18437962" title="Lips (video game)">
Lips (video game)

Lips is a video game for the Xbox 360. "Lips" was developed by iNiS and published by Microsoft Game Studios. The game features the use of motion sensitive wireless microphones and supports the use of songs already owned through a Zune or iPod. The game was released on November 18, 2008 in North America and on November 21, 2008 in Europe and has received generally average reviews. Localized versions of the game have been released in several countries, each with a different soundtrack.
On April 3, 2009, it was announced that the "Lips"' microphones will be compatible with "Rock Band 2" and "" due to a patch that was released in summer 2009.
Gameplay.
The gameplay in "Lips" is similar to the gameplay of "SingStar" and "Karaoke Revolution". In addition to supporting single-player, the game allows two players to sing duets or play competitively in various multiplayer modes including "Time Bomb", "Kiss", and "Vocal Fighters". Unlike most other music games, players cannot fail out of a song if they sing badly (or even if they don't sing at all). The game does not have a difficulty setting but rewards players for their singing in six categories including rhythm, pitch, and vibrato.
Players can connect a digital music player (such as an iPod or Zune), or use a USB flash drive, to sing along to their own music. The game will perform vocal reduction and score player like the included songs, except that the game will not display song lyrics. Players can also connect their Xbox 360 to a computer running a compatible media sharing service, such as Windows Media Connect 2.0, Windows Media Center, Zune PC software with sharing, or PVConnect to access their own music from a network share within the game.
"Lips" is bundled with two motion-sensitive wireless microphones (one white, one black). A second player can seamlessly join in the currently playing song by picking up the microphone and shaking it. The microphones can also be used to perform gestures dictated by the game, plus the standard game controllers can also be used to add overlays such as hand-claps and crowd noise.
In February 2009, Microsoft announced a title update for "Lips". This patch addresses most of the issues with the game, namely it introduces a new algorithm for voice recognition and vibrato pick-up, claiming that the game was 'too easy' before, and the ability to synchronise the microphone timing, a cause of regular negative feedback. This update also introduces the use of global leaderboards to track high scores. Minor tweaks were also made to the user interface.
Additionally, following the April 2009 title update, song packs were also introduced for purchase, offering bundles of songs for a discounted price.
Reception.
"Lips" has received average reviews. Reviewers have praised the wireless microphones and multiplayer experience but criticized the single-player modes and the song import feature which many people have had issues with. In addition, the import feature does not support lyric downloads but the game does make an attempt to reduce the real singers voice volume while playing in this mode.
Wireless Microphone compatibility list.
The games listed below support the Xbox 360 Wireless Microphones.

</doc>
<doc id="18437965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18437965" title="Empress Cao">
Empress Cao

Empress Cao (曹皇后) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18438003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438003" title="Cao Jie">
Cao Jie

Cao Jie may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18438017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438017" title="Texas Sports Hall of Fame">
Texas Sports Hall of Fame

The Texas Sports Hall of Fame recognizes athletes, coaches, and administrators who have made "lasting fame and honor to Texas sports". It was established in 1951 by the Texas Sports Writers Association. Once it made its first induction (baseball star Tris Speaker) in 1951, Texas became the first U.S. state to have a sports hall of fame.
History.
Home of more than 300 Texas legends, the Texas Sports Hall of Fame was the idea of the sports editor at The Beaumont Enterprise. Thad Johnson spoke to the Texas Sportswriters Association during the 1949 Texas High School Coaches Association All Star Games in Beaumont about starting the Hall of Fame. The sports writers unanimously agreed with Johnson and in 1951 baseball great Tris Speaker was the inaugural inductee and Texas became the first state to honor its athletes with a hall of fame. The Texas Sports Hall of Fame under the guidance of Texas sports entrepreneur Lamar Hunt was opened in Grand Prairie on Saturday, May 23, 1981 but was closed in 1986. The Hall of Fame remained dormant until several prominent members of the Waco community created a plan in 1990 to have the Hall of Fame moved to Waco. 
Their plan was realized on April 16, 1993 when Waco had its grand opening for the Texas Sports Hall of Fame. The museum also houses the Texas Tennis Museum and Hall of Fame and Texas High School Football Hall of Fame. The Hall of Fame expanded in 2010 to include a new banquet hall, the Health, Fitness and Education Center and Texas’ preeminent college conference, the Southwest Conference (SWC). The Southwest Conference was a national power conference for most of the century until it broke up in 1996. The Southwest Conference exhibit displays the grand history of college athletics in Texas. 
The Texas Sports Hall of Fame is now truly representative of the athletic history in Texas as it sits at 35,000 sq. ft. History
Selection process.
Nominations for the Hall of Fame are open to the public. The selection committee, consisting of at least 21 sports journalists from various Texas newspapers, meets annually to review the nominees and make a ballot. The ballot consists of a primary and veterans section. The Primary Ballot has 20 names, while the Veterans has 12. Dues-paying members of the Hall of Fame vote each year to decide the inductees. The top 6 vote getters of the Primary Ballot and the top 2 of the Veterans are inducted into the Hall of Fame. The top 5 vote getters of each ballot who are not selected are automatically placed into the next year's ballot. 
The Hall of Fame, with assistance from the selection committee, notifies the winning nominees once the voting process has completed. 
The winning nominees, if they accept their induction, must then attend the banquet at Ferrell Center in Waco to be officially inducted into the Hall of Fame. If a nominee rejects their induction, the Hall of Fame inducts the next highest vote getter. If a nominee declines their induction for two consecutive years without a legitimate reason, the nominee will not be eligible for the ballot for another five years. 

</doc>
<doc id="18438030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438030" title="90th meridian east">
90th meridian east

The meridian 90° east of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, Asia, the Indian Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The Ninety East Ridge is named after the meridian.
The 90th meridian east forms a great circle with the 90th meridian west.
From Pole to Pole.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 90th meridian east passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="18438042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438042" title="Roald Poulsen">
Roald Poulsen

Roald Poulsen (born 28 November 1950) is a Danish football (soccer) manager, who most prominently won the 1989 Danish championship with Odense BK and managed the Zambia national football team. 
Poulsen started his coaching career with amateur club OKS. From 1983 to 1987, he managed B 1913. From 1988 to 1992, Poulsen managed Odense BK, with whom he won the 1989 Danish championship and 1992 Danish Cup tournament. From 1993 to 1994, Poulsen managed Viborg FF. In 1994, Poulsen was named manager of the Zambia national football team, which he managed until 1996. He returned to Odense BK in 1996, and brought with him Zambian internationals Mwape Miti and Andrew Tembo. In 1998, he moved to Qatar in order to manage Al-Rayyan Sports Club, staying at the club until 1999. 
From 1999 to 2004 he led the FC Copenhagen Sports College in South Africa, only interrupted by a brief spell as national manager of Zambia in 2002. He coached South African club Engen Santos from 2004 to 2005. In 2005, Poulsen returned to Denmark to manage Dalum IF. He moved in B 1913 in 2006, before moving to FC Fyn later that year. He stayed at FC Fyn until December 2007.
In January 2009 he was named technical director of Cape United Soccer School of Excellence in Cape Town.

</doc>
<doc id="18438059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438059" title="HD 199442">
HD 199442

HD 199442 or IDS 20521+0005 A is a binary star situated in the Aquarius constellation. It is located about 319 light years from the solar system.

</doc>
<doc id="18438063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438063" title="Empress Dong">
Empress Dong

Empress Dong may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18438069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438069" title="Willis Stein &amp; Partners">
Willis Stein &amp; Partners

Willis Stein & Partners is a private equity firm focused on leveraged buyout transactions for middle-market companies. 
The firm's most notable investments have included Ziff Davis, Roundy's, Jays Foods, Lincoln Snacks Company and Petersen Publishing Company (publisher of Motor Trend).
The firm is headquartered in Chicago and was founded in 1995.
History.
Prior to founding the firm John Willis and Avy Stein were executives of Continental Illinois Venture Corp. (CIVC), the private equity arm of Continental Illinois National Bank and Trust Company. When Continental Illinois was acquired in 1994 by Bank of America, John Willis and Avy Stein, who had run the group at Continental Illinois left to form Willis Stein & Partners. They were quickly able to raise over $300 million of investor commitments.
Subsequently, the remaining CIVC team would form a semi-independent private equity firm, CIVC Partners with backing from Bank of America. CIVC is today a mid-sized middle-market private equity firm based in Chicago. CIVC announced in 2007 it was seeking to raise its first private equity fund with primarily third-party capital. 
Since its inception in 1995, Willis Stein has raised three private equity funds with nearly $3.0 billion of investor commitments. As of 2007, the firm had announced the launch of a fourth fund. Due to mixed results in its 2000 vintage fund, Willis Stein waited nearly eight years before launching a new fund and when it did so the firm significantly decreased its target fund size relative to its last fund.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18438077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438077" title="Folda, Nordland">
Folda, Nordland

Folda is a fjord in Nordland county, Norway, in the municipalities of Bodø, Steigen, and Sørfold. The Folda empties into the Vestfjorden about northeast of Bodø.
The Folda fjord has many fjord arms which split off from the main fjord. There are two main inland branches: the Nordfolda (in Steigen) and the Sørfolda (in Bodø and Sørfold). The fjord is about long, including the fjord arms that branch off the main fjord.

</doc>
<doc id="18438078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438078" title="Phi Nguyen">
Phi Nguyen

Hung "Phi" Nguyen is a Vietnamese-American professional poker player who is a two time World Series of Poker bracelet winner with multiple live tournament results adding up to over $1.5 million in career earnings.
World Series of Poker.
Nguyen has multiple cashes at the World Series of Poker (WSOP) including two bracelets, his first was in the 2003 WSOP $2,500 No-Limit Hold'em event, earning $222,800, with a final table made up of fellow professional poker players T.J. Cloutier (9th), David Singer (7th), Steve Zolotow (6th), Tom Jacobs (5th), Kenna James (4th), Mike 'The Mouth' Matusow (3rd) and Jim Miller who Nguyen beat during heads-up play. 
Nguyen then earned $180,000 and his second WSOP bracelet at the 2004 WSOP $1,500 No-Limit Hold'em Shootout event with a final table made up of poker players including Daniel Negreanu (9th), J. C. Tran (7th), John Juanda (5th) and Kirill Gerasimov whom he beat during heads-up play.
Nguyen has also finished in the money twice at the WSOP Main Event championship; at the 2006 WSOP he finished in 164th place out of 8773 entries, earning $47,006 and then two years later at the 2008 WSOP he finished in 26th place out of 6844 entries, earning $257,334.
World Poker Tour.
Nguyen has cashed five times at the World Poker Tour (WPT) with over $105,000 in earnings; his highest placement was in the 2003 Legends of Poker in Los Angeles, earning $30,900.
As of 2010, his total live tournament winnings exceed $1,800,000. His 15 cashes at the WSOP account for $802,028 of those winnings.

</doc>
<doc id="18438094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438094" title="HspE7">
HspE7

HspE7 is an investigational therapeutic vaccine candidate being developed by Nventa Biopharmaceuticals for the treatment of precancerous and cancerous lesions caused by the human papillomavirus (HPV). HspE7 uses recombinant DNA technology to covalently fuse a heat shock protein (Hsp) to a target antigen, thereby stimulating cellular immune system responses to specific diseases. HspE7 is a patented construct consisting of the HPV Type 16 E7 protein and heat shock protein 65 (Hsp65) and is currently the only candidate using Hsp technology to target the over 20 million Americans already infected with HPV.
The candidate is being developed with a Toll-like receptor 3 (TLR3) agonist adjuvant for multiple indications, including cervical intraepithelial neoplasia (also known as cervical dysplasia or CIN), genital warts, cervical cancer, and head and neck cancers.
Therapeutic rationale.
Over 100 different HPV types have been identified and are referred to by number. About a dozen HPV types, including types 16, 18, 31 and 45, are called "high-risk" types because they can lead to cervical cancer, as well as anal cancer, vulvar cancer, and penile cancer. Several types of HPV, particularly type 16, have been found to be associated with oropharyngeal squamous-cell carcinoma, a form of head and neck cancer. HPV-induced cancers often have viral sequences integrated into the cellular DNA. Some of the HPV "early" genes, such as E6 and E7, are known to act as oncogenes that promote tumor growth and malignant transformation.
An infection with one or more high-risk HPV types is believed to be a prerequisite for the development of cervical cancer (the vast majority of HPV infections are not high risk); according to the American Cancer Society, women with no history of the virus do not develop this type of cancer. However, most HPV infections are cleared rapidly by the immune system and do not progress to cervical cancer. Because the process of transforming normal cervical cells into cancerous ones is slow, cancer occurs in people who have been infected with HPV for a long time, usually over a decade or more.
HPV infection is a necessary factor in the development of nearly all cases of cervical cancer. A cervical Pap smear is used to detect cellular abnormalities. This allows targeted surgical removal of condylomatous and/or potentially precancerous lesions prior to the development of invasive cervical cancer. Although the widespread use of Pap testing has reduced the incidence and lethality of cervical cancer in developed countries, the disease still kills several hundred thousand women per year worldwide. HPV vaccines Gardasil and Cervarix, which block initial infection with some of the most common sexually transmitted HPV types, may lead to further decreases in the incidence of HPV-induced cancer, however, they do not address the millions of people worldwide already infected with the virus.
It is estimated that nearly 10 million women are diagnosed with some form of cervical dysplasia each year in major global markets in the U.S., EU and Japan, many of whom could benefit from a non-surgical treatment. As a result, HspE7 is first being developed for the treatment of CIN.
Clinical progress.
Nventa originally advanced HspE7 as a single-agent therapy into multiple Phase 2 clinical trials with positive results, including trials in cervical dysplasia and recurrent respiratory papillomatosis (RRP). These trials were initiated prior to the discovery that potency could be greatly enhanced by addition of a vaccine adjuvant, and, as a result, Nventa is currently developing HspE7 combined with the adjuvant Poly-ICLC.
A Phase 1b study has been completed assessing the safety and tolerability of HspE7 with Poly-ICLC in four cohorts totaling 17 patients with CIN. All patients were administered 500 mcg of HspE7 with each of the four cohorts receiving escalating doses of adjuvant – 50, 500, 1,000 and 2,000 mcg.
Nventa has indicated that it is currently working with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) to finalize the trial design for a Phase 2 clinical study for HspE7 in patients with high grade cervical dysplasia (CIN 2/3).

</doc>
<doc id="18438099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438099" title="Batlle">
Batlle

Batlle (), alternatively spelled Batle (), is a surname of Catalan origin found in Catalan-speaking territories and countries that received immigrants from Catalonia, Valencia and the Balearic Islands. It is of particular significance in Uruguayan political history. See also "batlle" in Catalan Wikipedia (:ca:Batlle)
It can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18438113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438113" title="Afe Annang">
Afe Annang

The Afe Annang was formed at the end of the civil war in Nigeria with the goal of fighting the marginalization of the Annang by the Nigerian government. This single umbrella organization was to be the single voice of the Annang since most of the Annang leaders were killed during the war. The lack of a representative at the Nigerian policy table made the organization necessary. The need to make the organization authentic and to have it in line with traditional systems resulted in the creation of the office of a supreme head known as Itai Annang, literally translated, it is the head pillar of Annang. The office, however is not a traditional one and did not exist until the formation of the organization. It represents a political attempt at cohesiveness among the various Annang groups and allows the office holder to serve as a symbol of unity.
Governance within this set up is done by the elders who act as the legislative arm called "Afe Isong", directed by the "Obong" or "Obong Isong" (Village Chief and Clan Chief) who is the head and the chief executive. Authority of the Obong Isong is controlled by "Afe Ison or Afe Isong", the traditional legislature. The next level (higher level) of leadership is Clan Head who leads a group Afe Isong (a group of villages). The next higher level is the Paramount ruler who rules a group of clans. (Ette, 2009)
The traditional Obong Council of the Annang people is called Afe Annang and the council or legislature, or assembly is called Afe. Selection of an Obong is typically based upon a consensus of the village or clan through this complex social system. 
The leader of the traditional governing council of Annang people is called "Itai Afe Annang". The Itai Afe Annang is regarded as the traditional leader and has no authority as the monarch of the Annang people.
The first Itai Afe Annang was Late Obong, Sir, Dr Ephraim U. Essien I.
References
Ette, E. U. (2009) Annang Wisdom: Tools for Post Modern Living. Bloomington, Indiana, Xlibris Press

</doc>
<doc id="18438116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438116" title="Rinaldo Castellenghi">
Rinaldo Castellenghi

Rinaldo Castellenghi (born May 17, 1906, date of death unknown) is an Italian boxer who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
In 1924 he finished fourth in the flyweight class. He lost in the semi-finals to the upcoming gold medalist Fidel LaBarba and was not able to compete in the bronze medal bout with Raymond Fee.

</doc>
<doc id="18438122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438122" title="Pedro Romo">
Pedro Romo

Pedro Romo is a prolific Mexican actor and comedian (born June 17, 1957). He is known mostly for his roles as Don Filemon in the sitcom Skimo, and Pedro in the La risa en vacaciones film series.
Television work.
Romo has starred and guest starred in many sitcoms such as Skimo, Vecinos and Yo amo a Juan Querendón, and dramas such as Abrazame muy Fuerte and "Por tu Amor" just to name a few.

</doc>
<doc id="18438147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438147" title="The Green Fisherman">
The Green Fisherman

The Green Fisherman ("Il Pescatore Verde") is a fictional character who appears in Carlo Collodi's book "The Adventures of Pinocchio" ("Le avventure di Pinocchio"). He dwells in a sea cave on the coast of Busy Bee Island ("Isola delle Api Industriose") where he lives on a diet seemingly composed entirely of sea life. He is described as "...so ugly, he looked like a sea monster. Instead of hair, he had on his head a dense clump of green grass; green was the skin on his body, green were his eyes, green was his long beard which drooped downards. He looked like a great lizard erected on its hind legs."
According to Giacomo Maria Prati, The Green Fisherman is one example of the story's parallels with classical mythology, stating that the Fisherman is evocative of the cyclops Polyphemus of Homers "Odyssey". He also writes that The Fisherman represents murder through ignorance, referring to the fact that he tries to eat Pinocchio, unaware he was not an edible fish.
Role.
Encountered in chapter XXVIII, the Fisherman accidentally captures Pinocchio in his net while fishing. He is surprised that Pinocchio is able to talk, but does not understand when he identifies himself as a "puppet". The Fisherman deduces that Pinocchio is a kind of rare "puppet-fish" and refuses to let Pinocchio go, instead letting him decide how to be cooked. When Pinocchio breaks down in despair, the Fisherman decides to fry him. Just as the Fisherman is about to lower Pinocchio into a frying pan, his cave is visited by a mastiff named Alidoro, attracted by the smell. The mastiff, upon recognizing Pinocchio, pounces on the Fisherman and takes the puppet away, leaving the Fisherman empty handed.
Media portrayals.
The Fisherman has so far only appeared in one film adaptation of Collodi's book. Giuliano Cencis 1972 adaptation "Un burattino di nome Pinocchio" shows the Fisherman (voiced by Arturo Dominici) almost exactly as he is portrayed in the book.
References.
Collodi, "Le Avventure di Pinocchio" 1883, Biblioteca Universale Rizzoli

</doc>
<doc id="18438148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438148" title="Scene It? Box Office Smash">
Scene It? Box Office Smash

Scene It? Box Office Smash is a party game and the adaption of the popular DVD-based party game of the same name exclusively for the Xbox 360. It is the sequel to "Scene It? Lights, Camera, Action". The game was developed by Krome Studios and Screenlife and released on October 28, 2008. The title is one of the first games to feature Xbox Live Avatars.
A downloadable question pack called "Award Winners" is available on Xbox Live Marketplace, offering 800 new questions.
Gameplay.
Like other games in the series, "Box Office Smash" is a trivia game where up to four players test their movie trivia knowledge over several themed rounds composed of five questions each. Some rounds have players watching a clip from a well-known movie, then answering questions based on what was shown in the scene, while others are more abstract, such as a round in which players have to identify the names of movies based on drawings that depict not the content of the film but rather the words that compose its title.
Development.
During Microsoft's Press Conference at E3 2008, Shane Kim announced "Box Office Smash", along with "You're in the Movies", another party game. According to the trailer shown at the conference, the game appeared to be pretty similar to the game that came out in 2007, but with the support of the avatar system that Microsoft announced earlier. The trailer showed an increasingly large crowd of people in an electronics store playing the game. Gameplay footage was also shown during the conference.

</doc>
<doc id="18438158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438158" title="Lepsämä">
Lepsämä

Lepsämä is a village in the municipality of Nurmijärvi, Finland. There is a comprehensive school in Lepsämä. There also used to be a shop, a bank and a post office. The former prime minister of Finland Matti Vanhanen lives in Lepsämä. Lepsämä has grown in population in recent few years and in 2005 it was the most rapidly growing village in Finland (in relation to population size).

</doc>
<doc id="18438164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438164" title="Becky Gulsvig">
Becky Gulsvig

Becky Gulsvig (born August 25, 1982) from Moorhead, Minnesota, is an American stage actress, singer, and dancer. 
Gulsvig was born August 25, 1982 in Moorhead, Minnesota to Kristofer and Patricia Kay (Nelson) Gulsvig. Of Norwegian heritage, Gulsvig's mother is a teacher and her father is a financial advisor. She attended Moorhead High School, Trollwood Performing Arts School, and the Red River Dance and Performing Company. 
Gulsvig's first role was that of Wendy in a touring production of Peter Pan. She has performed on Broadway in "Hairspray" as Amber Von Tussle and originated the role of Leilani in the Broadway production of "Legally Blonde the Musical", understudying the roles of Elle Woods, Serena, and Margot. She can also be seen on a Verizon commercial. She recently starred as Elle Woods in the national tour of "Legally Blonde the Musical" since the tour started in September 2008. For this role she was nominated for the 2009 Helen Hayes Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Non-Resident Production. Gulsvig performed the song "So Much Better" live at the 2009 Tony Awards.
She is married to Tyler Fisher, whom she met while working on a cruise ship.
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="18438172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438172" title="Georges Gourdy">
Georges Gourdy

Georges Gourdy (born October 11, 1905, date of death unknown) was a French boxer. He competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
In 1924, Gourdy was eliminated in the second round of the flyweight class after losing his fight to Rinaldo Castellenghi.

</doc>
<doc id="18438214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438214" title="10th meridian east">
10th meridian east

The meridian 10° east of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, Europe, Africa, the Atlantic Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 10th meridian east forms a great circle with the 170th meridian west.
From Pole to Pole.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 10th meridian east passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="18438221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438221" title="Ruperto Biete">
Ruperto Biete

Ruperto Biete Berdes (February 11, 1906 – March 25, 1929) was a Spanish boxer who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
In 1924 he was eliminated in the quarter-finals of the flyweight class after losing his fight to Rinaldo Castellenghi.

</doc>
<doc id="18438226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438226" title="Juliet Reagh">
Juliet Reagh

Juliet Reagh (born September 5, 1964) is an actress and model. She was the Penthouse Pet for April 1987 under the name "Jenna Persaud".
Reagh is of Brazilian descent. In April of 1987 she was the Pet of the Month for the issue of "Penthouse" and in 1989 Reagh was the Pet of the Year Runner-Up. She appeared in a number of films made in the 1990s. 

</doc>
<doc id="18438247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438247" title="Catherineberg Sugar Mill Ruins">
Catherineberg Sugar Mill Ruins

Catherineberg Sugar Mill Ruins is an historic site located in the Virgin Islands National Park, east of Cruz Bay on Saint John, U.S. Virgin Islands. The ruins are an example of an 18th-century sugar and rum factory.
History.
A sugar plantation from the 18th to the 19th centuries, the farm eventually became land for grazing cattle.
In 1733 one of the first significant slave rebellions in the New World took place on Saint John when African slaves took over the island for six months. During the slave revolt, the farm was the headquarters of the Amina warriors.
Today the sugar mill ruins are located in a protected area in the Virgin Islands National Park. The property was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places on March 30, 1978.
Architecture.
Catherineberg Sugar Mill Ruins are an example of an 18th-century sugar and rum factory.

</doc>
<doc id="18438258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438258" title="Obluda">
Obluda

Obluda is a surname.
Etymology.
The surname Obluda may be found among the various towns and hamlets of Neidenburg, Ostpreussen Germany from the early 18th until the early 20th century. During this time period, the region experienced many changes of national borders. Typically these changes came from a tug-of war between nations, at various times being a possession of either Russia, Germany, or Poland. Today, the region falls within Polish borders, being known as Olsztyn, Poland.
Pronunciation.
The exact origin and meaning of the name are currently unknown. However, in the original Polish pronunciation of the surname, the 'l' was pronounced as a 'w', thus sounding more like Obwuda than Obluda.
Dissemination.
Among the countries to which people with this surname migrated, is the United States in both Pennsylvania and Colorado, where many families may be found still using the exact spelling of the old-world surname.

</doc>
<doc id="18438265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438265" title="Aji Ichi Monme">
Aji Ichi Monme

Chapters of "Aji Ichi Monme" were reprinted in "Mangajin".

</doc>
<doc id="18438270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438270" title="Gaetano Lanzi">
Gaetano Lanzi

Gaetano Lanzi (February 5, 1905 – 1980) was an Italian boxer who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
In 1924 he was eliminated in the second round of the flyweight class after losing his fight to the upcoming gold medalist Fidel LaBarba.

</doc>
<doc id="18438274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438274" title="Folda, Nord-Trøndelag">
Folda, Nord-Trøndelag

Folda or Folla is a firth and a fjord in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway, within the municipalities of Flatanger, Namsos, Fosnes, and Nærøy. The large wide firth is about long which then narrows into a fjord which is about long. The narrower fjord part of Folda is often called the "Foldfjorden" or "Innerfolda". Most of the fjord is very narrow, some places with steep cliffs. It has the largest length to width factor among Norway's fjords. The fjord is crossed by the Norwegian National Road 17 road using the Folda Bridge at Foldereid. Spruce forests cover most areas around the fjord. The outer-Folda area is notorious for its rough seas, and has been called an "ocean graveyard" ().

</doc>
<doc id="18438290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438290" title="Rafael Hernández National College">
Rafael Hernández National College

The Colegio Nacional Rafael Hernández is one of the four public high schools that are part of the National University of La Plata, in the City of La Plata, Argentina. The "Colegio Nacional" aegis denotes a school belonging to the system of national secondary schools. The other constituent high schools associated with this University are the "Víctor Mercante Lyceum", the "Bachillerato de Bellas Artes" ("High School for the Fine Arts") and the "Inchausti School for Agricultural Education".
The school, usually referred to as the "Colegio Nacional La Plata" (CNLP, National High School of La Plata), occupies a large block centred at the crossing of 1st and 49th streets in La Plata, at the edge of "El Bosque", La Plata’s main park. The large engraving at the old building's entrance reads simply "Universidad Nacional, Colegio" (""National University, High School"").
Originally, the college, founded by Joaquín V. González, was reserved for boys, whereas the "Victor Mercante Lyceum" was a girls-only school. The link of these schools with the University allowed them to pioneer innovations in curricula, since many University professors and teaching assistants were among its faculty. In its inception, the college functioned as a classic British boarding school, where students and professors lived together for extended periods of time. Admission into the school was free ("i.e.", no fees), although very limited and required approving strict entrance examinations. Until the 1970s, alumni from the school were automatically admitted into the University of La Plata. From the educational point of view, it was originally structured as a European gymnasium. It is considered one of the most prestigious secondary schools in Argentina.
History.
The Beginnings.
The city of La Plata was founded in 1882, as the new capital for the Province of Buenos Aires. A boys-only school is created in 1885, the "Provincial High School", associated with the National College of Buenos Aires; classes began on April 1, 1885. The federal government converted the school into the National College of La Plata on July 1887; its first rector was Dr. Matías Calandrelli. The high school became affiliated with the National University of La Plata in 1905.

</doc>
<doc id="18438300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438300" title="Andrés Recalde">
Andrés Recalde

Andrés Recalde Miguez (June 5, 1904 – ??) was an Uruguayan boxer who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
In 1924 he was eliminated in the first round of the flyweight class after losing his fight to Gaetano Lanzi.

</doc>
<doc id="18438306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438306" title="The John Downs Show">
The John Downs Show

The John Downs Show is a news/current events/talk program on Newstalk 1010. It originally started in the fall of 2007 on AM 640 Toronto Radio, where it aired from 7:00pm to 9:00pm on non-hockey weeknights. AM640 canceled the show in August 2010 after the station dropped John from their roster. The show picked up again on Newstalk 1010 Sunday, October 3, 2010 in the 1pm - 5pm timeslot.
Format.
The John Downs Show is a news-based talk program that covers local, national, and international issues. It mixes live guest interviews, calls from listeners, and editorial comments from the host.
Contributors.
When the program ran on AM640 Toronto Radio, Toronto District School Board Trustee Josh Matlow would join John Downs every Monday evening for the second hour of the show (8-9pm) as a political contributor and co-host. Technology Guru Carmi Levy also joined the program at 8:30pm every Friday to talk tech and take calls.
John Downs.
John Downs has worked in news and talk radio in Toronto since 1999, primarily covering Toronto City Hall. His individual work has been recognized by the Radio and Television News Directors Association of Canada, including the Sam Ross Award for Best National Commentary in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18438315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438315" title="Iraqi nationality law">
Iraqi nationality law

Iraqi nationality is transmitted by paternity (father). However, this gives the right to Iraqi to transmit citizenship to their children and foreign wives.
The code.
The first nationality law was passed in 1924 and, on the 6 August that year, all people within the bounds of Iraqi jurisdixion automatically acquired Iraqi citizenship. 
Dual citizenship.
As per the 2006 reforms, Iraq recognises dual nationality. Prior to then, Iraqi nationals who acquired another citizenship lost their Iraqi citizenship automatically. 
Reforms.
In 1963, 1975, 1980, 1990. 

</doc>
<doc id="18438319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438319" title="Fruits &amp; Veggies – More Matters">
Fruits &amp; Veggies – More Matters

Fruits & Veggies – More Matters is a national public health initiative from Produce for Better Health Foundation and Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) to increase the consumption of fruits and vegetables. This new campaign takes the place of the 5 A Day program to reflect new dietary guidelines, which recommends more than 5 servings of fruits and vegetables for some Americans.
Details.
The United States Department of Agriculture’s "2005 Dietary Guidelines for Americans", released in January 2005, recommends various numbers of servings of fruits and vegetables depending on an individual’s calorie needs – ranging from 4 to 13 servings, or 2 to 6.5 cups, per day, yet research indicates that over 90 percent of Americans do not meet their recommended amount. To meet these recommendations, most need to more than double the amount of fruits and vegetables they currently eat. Closing the consumption gap requires a national call to action. Fruits & Veggies—More Matters provides a national call to action designed to encourage Americans to eat more fruits and vegetables for their better health.
Produce for Better Health Foundation launched a consumer website in March 2007 aimed at educating Gen X moms about the Fruits & Veggies—More Matters campaign and the benefits of eating more fruits and vegetables. The Fruits & Veggies—More Matters website offers nutrition information, selection and storage advice, recipes, shopping and meal planning advice, tips for increasing produce consumption, and an abundance of other useful information about fruits and vegetables. Over 300 short informational videos demonstrate how to check different fruits and vegetables for ripeness, outline proper storage methods, present healthy and quick recipes, and offer other fun and useful tidbits about fruits and vegetables. 
The Fruits & Veggies—More Matters campaign stresses that it’s easy to eat more fruits and vegetables because all forms (fresh, frozen, canned, dried and 100 percent juice) are nutritious.The Fruits & Veggies—More Matters logo can be found on select packages of fresh, frozen, canned, dried and 100 percent fruit and vegetable juice products in stores.

</doc>
<doc id="18438350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438350" title="Yvon Trèvédic">
Yvon Trèvédic

Yvon Trèvédic (born November 13, 1902, date of death unknown) was a French boxer who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
In 1924 he was eliminated in the second round of the flyweight class after losing his fight to Oscar Bergström.

</doc>
<doc id="18438369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438369" title="Royal Rumble (2009)">
Royal Rumble (2009)

Royal Rumble (2009) was the twenty-second annual Royal Rumble professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE). It was presented by Castrol GTX and took place on January 25, 2009, at the Joe Louis Arena in Detroit, Michigan and featured talent from the Raw, SmackDown and ECW brands. As has been customary since 1993, the Royal Rumble match winner received a match at that year's WrestleMania, (in this instance: WrestleMania XXV) for his choice at either the WWE Championship, the World Heavyweight Championship or the ECW Championship.
Five professional wrestling matches were featured on the event's supercard, a scheduling of more than one main event. The main event was the annual 30-man Royal Rumble match which featured wrestlers from all three brands. Randy Orton, the eighth entrant, won the match by last eliminating Triple H, the seventh entrant. The primary match on the Raw brand was John Cena versus John "Bradshaw" Layfield for the World Heavyweight Championship, which Cena won by pinfall after performing an Attitude Adjustment. The primary match on the SmackDown brand was a No Disqualification match between Jeff Hardy and Edge for the WWE Championship. The predominant match on the ECW brand was between Jack Swagger and Matt Hardy for the ECW Championship.
Background.
Royal Rumble 2009 featured professional wrestling matches that involved different wrestlers from pre-existing scripted feuds, plots, and storylines played out on "Raw", "SmackDown", and "ECW on Sci Fi" – World Wrestling Entertainment's (WWE) primary television programs. Wrestlers portrayed a villain or a hero as they followed a series of events that built tension and which culminated in a wrestling match or in a series of matches. The event featured wrestlers from WWE's Raw, SmackDown, and ECW brands—a storyline division in which WWE employees were assigned to a television program of the same name.
The prime match scripted into Royal Rumble 2009, the annual Royal Rumble match, has featured at every Royal Rumble event since its inception. The match featured 30 male wrestlers from WWE's three brands; WWE officially announced 23 participants. The match ends when one wrestler remains in the ring after the elimination of all the 29 other wrestlers. (Participants eliminate opponents by tossing them over the top ring-rope and making both their feet touch the floor.) The winner earned an opportunity to challenge for the WWE, World Heavyweight, or ECW Championship at WWE's April WrestleMania XXV pay-per-view.
The main rivalry from the Raw brand played out between John Cena and John "Bradshaw" Layfield (JBL) over the World Heavyweight Championship. JBL earned his championship match against Cena after winning a Fatal Four-Way Elimination match—a standard match in which the last remaining competitor who has not been eliminated is declared the winner—on the December 29, 2008, episode of "Raw" by defeating Chris Jericho, Randy Orton, and Shawn Michaels.
Another rivalry from the Raw brand came with Melina challenging Beth Phoenix for her WWE Women's Championship in a singles match. Melina won the opportunity to face Phoenix on the December 29, 2008. episode of "Raw" by winning a battle royal, a match similar to the Royal Rumble, though with fewer competitors.
The main rivalry from the SmackDown brand incorporated into the Royal Rumble featured Jeff Hardy and Edge, with the two feuding over the WWE Championship. At WWE's previous pay-per-view event, Armageddon, Hardy had defeated both defending champion Edge and Triple H in a Triple Threat match, a standard match involving three wrestlers, to win the WWE Championship. On the January 2, 2009, episode of "SmackDown", on-air authority figure Vickie Guerrero announced that Edge would face Hardy for the WWE title at the Royal Rumble.
The ECW brand's main rivalry, that between Jack Swagger and Matt Hardy, had the two feuding over the ECW Championship. On the January 13, 2009, episode of "ECW on Syfy", Swagger defeated Hardy to capture the ECW Championship. On the January 16 episode of "Friday Night SmackDown", WWE announced that Swagger would defend the ECW title against Hardy in a rematch at the Royal Rumble.
Event.
Preliminary matches.
The first match of the evening saw Jack Swagger defend the ECW Championship against Matt Hardy. The match started with both wrestlers countering the other's moves until Swagger injured Hardy's left shoulder and then targeted it for the rest of the match. Swagger ultimately defeated Hardy by pinning him after slamming him to the mat with a gutwrench powerbomb. Swagger thus retained the ECW title. The second match on the card involved the WWE Women's Championship, where Beth Phoenix defended her title against Melina. The match ended as Phoenix attempted to perform the Glam Slam on Melina, but the latter countered it into a roll-up pin, giving her the win and the Women's Championship.
Main event matches.
The third match on the card pitted John Cena against JBL for the World Heavyweight Championship. JBL's employee Shawn Michaels accompanied him to the ring and first got involved in the match when the referee became incapacitated; he came into the ring and performed his Sweet Chin Music finisher both on JBL and Cena. He then left ringside, leaving JBL's arm on top of Cena. Cena however managed to get a shoulder up and performed an Attitude Adjustment to retain his World Championship.
The fourth match on the card involved the WWE Championship, as Jeff Hardy defended his title against Edge. Before the match began Vickie Guerrero came out and announced it as a No Disqualification match. Edge then revealed that Chavo Guerrero would be in his corner. During the match Hardy brought a ladder out and set it up near the Spanish announce table. When Chavo tried to interfere, Hardy put him on the table and jumped off the ladder, connecting with Chavo and breaking the table. Hardy then had the match won when he performed the Swanton on Edge after kicking Vickie off the apron when she tried to interfere. When Hardy went for the pin, Vickie stopped referee Scott Armstrong from making a three count. Jeff's brother Matt then made his way to the ring, placing a chair under Edge's face. Grabbing another chair, Matt at first appeared to be setting Edge up for his own version of Edge's con-chair-to maneuver. He instead hit Jeff in the head with the chair, allowing Edge to then pin Jeff and become the new WWE Champion.
The main event consisted of the Royal Rumble match. Rey Mysterio and John Morrison started the Rumble. The final six participants left in the match were The Big Show, The Undertaker, Triple H and The Legacy (Cody Rhodes, Ted DiBiase and Randy Orton). While the Undertaker and Big Show brawled on the outside apron (both went over the top rope, but had not hit the floor), Orton eliminated Big Show with an RKO, causing him to fall off the apron. Big Show eliminated The Undertaker shortly thereafter when he pulled his opponent off the apron by his leg. Despite being at a disadvantage against the Legacy, Triple H eliminated both DiBiase and Rhodes. With Triple H by the ropes, Orton quickly clotheslined him from behind to send him over the top rope and become the winner of the Royal Rumble match.
Aftermath.
On the January 26 episode of "Raw", The Legacy came out with two lawyers and a therapist. Randy Orton then revealed that he suffers from IED, which causes him to experience violent outbursts when provoked, losing all control of his emotions and actions. According to Orton and his lawyers, Orton had told Stephanie McMahon that if fired, he would not only take DiBiase and Rhodes with him but the whole locker room, as he would bring in a lawsuit against the company.
The Raw brand started the qualifying matches for the brand's upcoming Elimination Chamber match at WWE's next pay-per-view event, No Way Out. Three of the qualifying matches saw Kofi Kingston defeat Kane, Rey Mysterio defeat William Regal and Chris Jericho defeat CM Punk to qualify. In a fourth qualification match, Shawn Michaels failed to win a match against John Cena that would have made JBL eligible to participate in the Elimination Chamber.
The ECW Championship feud between Jack Swagger and Matt Hardy had officially finished when ECW's on-air authority figure Theodore Long announced on the January 27 episode of "ECW" that Hardy had requested a move to the SmackDown brand. Swagger had other problems as his ECW title belt was stolen by Hornswoggle. When Hornswoggle's storyline father, Finlay, urged Hornswoggle to give the title back to Swagger, Swagger shoved Hornswoggle to the ground, which caused Finlay to knock down Swagger with his own championship belt.
On the January 30 episode of "SmackDown", Matt Hardy proclaimed that he had no remorse about smashing his brother Jeff in the head at the Royal Rumble and costing him the WWE Championship. He then told the universe that he no longer considered Jeff a partner or a sibling. There were three Elimination Chamber qualifiers for No Way Out. The first match being The Undertaker versus Mark Henry, which Undertaker won via submission with the Hell's Gate. The second qualifier match was The Big Show defeating Festus with a K.O. Punch. The last qualifier was a triple threat match featuring Triple H, The Great Khali and Vladimir Kozlov. Triple H won the match after he delivered a Pedigree to Khali to pick up the victory.
Reception.
The event was well received by critics. "The Sun" noted the high quality of the matches, the surprising results, Matt Hardy's heel turn, and a superior-quality Royal Rumble match. Randy Orton's victory was also well praised as it set up an intriguing story for WrestleMania XXV, however, the win was also seen as obvious and predictable. "The Sun" ended its review with a high 9-out-of-10 score.
Results.
Royal Rumble entrances and eliminations.
Red ██ "Raw" indicates a Raw superstar, blue ██ "SD" indicates a SmackDown superstar, purple ██ "ECW" indicates an ECW superstar, and beige ██ "Legend" indicates a special guest entrant.

</doc>
<doc id="18438380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438380" title="Joe Dodds">
Joe Dodds

Joseph 'Joe' Dodds (born Carluke, Lanarkshire, 14 July 1887, died 14 October 1965) was a Scottish international footballer who played club football for Celtic (in two spells), Cowdenbeath and Queen of the South. Dodds was unbeaten in his 3 full caps for Scotland. Dodds was a quick and dependable left back.
Career.
Dodds joined Celtic in the summer of 1908 from Carluke Milton Rovers. He made 351 league appearances. Dodds was considered among the Celtic greats of his era and along with Shaw and Alec McNair was considered to have formed one of the greatest club defences in British football. At Celtic Dodds picked up many senior medals.
While at Celtic, Dodds gained three full Scotland caps, including playing in the 3-1 win over England on April 4, 1914. This followed draws against Wales (0-0 at home on February 28) and Northern Ireland (1-1 away on March 14) of the same year, giving Dodds an unbeaten full international record. Dodds also represented the Scottish League XI eight times between 1912 and 1920.
Dodds left Celtic in 1920 to join Cowdenbeath then of the Central League, who were offering him more money. He returned to Celtic a year later for one last season, but resigned in August 1922 after a dispute about a benefit.
Dodds went to Queen of the South in a move that surprised many as he had been expected to sign for then top division club Morton. Dodds joined Queens as player coach. The signing created a sensation and was viewed as a major coup for the fledgling Dumfries club then in their third season. Dodds made his Queens debut on October 28, 1922 against Royal Albert at Raploch Park, Larkhall. At Queens in 1922-23 Joe Dodds played alongside another experienced signing, ex Liverpool F.A. Cup finalist Bob McDougall, in the last season Queens when played in a regional set up. Queens were unbeaten in winning the Western League that season. With Bob McDermid also having joined them, Dodds was with Queen of the South when they entered the Scottish Football League in the newly created Third Division. The club finished third and won the Scottish Qualifying Cup. Dodds remained at Queens until his retirement in 1928. The club developed solidly.
In 1936 Dodds went back to Celtic as assistant trainer. During the War, he served in France in the Royal Field Artillery as a Driver.

</doc>
<doc id="18438387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438387" title="Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 165">
Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 165

The 165th Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is located in Delaware County and includes the following areas:

</doc>
<doc id="18438390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438390" title="Oscar Bergström">
Oscar Bergström

Oscar Kristian Bergström (May 3, 1903 – January 3, 1961) was a Swedish boxer who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
He was born and died in Stockholm.
In 1924 he was eliminated in the quarter-finals of the flyweight class after losing his fight to the upcoming bronze medalist Raymond Fee.

</doc>
<doc id="18438396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438396" title="Luttermöller axle">
Luttermöller axle

A Luttermöller axle is an unusual steam locomotives component. Steam locomotives with several axles or wheelsets connected to one another by coupling rods are not able to negotiate tight curves well. In order to assist such locomotives, the manager of the Orenstein & Koppel factory in Berlin, Dr. Luttermöller, built the axle system named after him.
Overview.
With this system, the outermost of several sets of successive driving wheel sets are not connected by coupling rods to crankshaft journals on the outside of the wheels, but by cogwheels located in the centre of the axles. The axles are housed in the locomotive frame such that they are able to move at right angles to the axis of the rails to a certain degree, likewise the cogwheels are able to slide relative to one another. In this way curves can be negotiated with less friction being generated.
Use.
Germany.
For the Hamburg Harbour railway with its tight curves, the ten-coupled steam locomotives of Class 87 were built with Luttermöller axles, front and rear. The 16 locomotives of this class were however retired again as early as 1954, because they tended to overheat at higher speeds and could therefore only be used for shunting duties.
A five-axled, metre gauge, steam engine with the Luttermöller system was procured by the private South Harz Railway ("Südharz-Eisenbahn"; Braunlage - Walkenried - Tanne) in 1928 from Orenstein & Koppel with operating number 61.
It proved itself so well on the winding route, that in 1930 two Mallet locomotives, built in 1925, were converted to the Luttermöller system by Henschel (operating numbers 56 and 57). Henschel had to obtain a licence from Orenstein & Koppel to use Luttermöller axles.
Indonesia.
Luttermöller axles found further use on narrow gauge lines, e.g. in Java (Indonesia).

</doc>
<doc id="18438401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438401" title="Alexandra, Princess of Leiningen">
Alexandra, Princess of Leiningen

Princess Alexandra of Hanover (), Duchess of Brunswick-Lüneburg, Princess of Leiningen (born 18 February 1959) is the wife of Andreas, 8th Prince of Leiningen.
Born in Hanover, Lower Saxony, Germany, Alexandra is the youngest daughter of Ernest Augustus IV, Prince of Hanover (1914–1987) and his wife Princess Ortrud of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg (1925–1980). Her eldest brother is Ernst August V, Prince of Hanover, current head of the House of Hanover and her sister-in-law is Princess Caroline of Monaco.
Marriage and issue.
Alexandra married Andreas on 5 October 1981 at Amorbach, Germany, in a civil marriage. They were remarried six days later in a religious ceremony at Gmunden-am-Traunsee, Upper Austria, Austria. 
In 1997 this marriage was cited as the most recent example of intra-marriage among the descendants of Queen Victoria and King Christian IX. Alexandra was loaned a tiara, an heirloom of the House of Welf, by her cousin Elizabeth II for the wedding. Alexandra and Andrea have three children:

</doc>
<doc id="18438415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438415" title="Babović">
Babović

Babović is a Serbian surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18438428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438428" title="Bile duct hamartoma">
Bile duct hamartoma

In histopathology, a bile duct hamartoma, also von Meyenburg complex, Meyenburg complex and biliary hamartoma, is a benign tumour-like malformation
of the liver.
They are classically associated with polycystic liver disease, as may be seen in the context of polycystic kidney disease, and represent a malformation of the liver plate.
Eponym.
The eponymous terms ("von Meyenburg complex", "Meyenburg complex") are named for Hanns von Meyenburg.

</doc>
<doc id="18438434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438434" title="Ray Miron">
Ray Miron

Ray Miron (born 1929 in Cornwall, Ontario) is the former owner of the new Central Hockey League, founded in 1992 by Miron and William "Bill" Levins, as well as a former National Hockey League executive, serving in the Toronto Maple Leafs organization and as General Manager of the Colorado Rockies. They founded the league under the concept of central ownership of all the teams. Miron had previously coached in the "old" Central Hockey League. He also was president of the league for three weeks, before leaving to accept the role of GM with the Rockies.
Miron served as the president of the new league after Levin's death. He sold the league in 2000. In recognition of his importance to the league, the championship trophy, formerly known as the Levin's Cup, was renamed to the Ray Miron Cup. After the CHL merged with the competing Western Professional Hockey League, the trophy was renamed to the "Ray Miron President's Cup." In 2004, Miron was awarded the Lester Patrick Trophy by the NHL, a recognition he described as his "greatest hockey accomplishment." Today, Miron is retired and resides in Tulsa, Oklahoma.
Personal life.
He played hockey growing up and played in the minor leagues. Miron has said he wasn't a strong enough skater to make it in the NHL. While working in a Canadian plant during World War II, Miron was in a mustard gas accident. The accident left much of his body covered in mustard acid, which severely burned him and left him in a hospital for months.
Miron met his wife Rowena in the 1950s. Rowena died in 2004. They have two children and four grandchildren; their son Monte Miron served as commissioner of the CHL from 1992-2000.

</doc>
<doc id="18438436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438436" title="OFC Zagorets Nova Zagora">
OFC Zagorets Nova Zagora

OFC Zagorets (ОФК Загорец Нова Загора) is a Bulgarian football club from the town of Nova Zagora, currently playing in the Bulgarian South-East V AFG, the third division of Bulgarian football.
Current squad.
"As of October 20, 2011"

</doc>
<doc id="18438441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438441" title="Lucien Debleyser">
Lucien Debleyser

Lucien Debleyser (born 13 February 1904, date of death unknown) was a Belgian boxer who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
In 1924 he was eliminated in the first round of the flyweight class after losing his fight to Yvon Trèvédic.

</doc>
<doc id="18438454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438454" title="IFP Media">
IFP Media

IFP Media is a specialised publishing house established in 1975. They publish Business-to-business titles, consumer titles and books. The company offers an editorial and design service and also create and manage websites on behalf of many of their clients, including production of brochures, annual reports and newsletters for industry and state bodies and diaries for the Veterinary, Engineering and Agricultural sectors.
Flagship titles.
IFP Media also took over the design, editorial and production of Xtra-vision’s in-store customer magazine in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18438461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438461" title="Sørfjorden">
Sørfjorden

Sørfjorden or Sørfjord () is the name of several fjords on the coast of Norway.

</doc>
<doc id="18438467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438467" title="LG KU 380">
LG KU 380

The LG KU380 is a slide phone made by LG and hosted by Vodafone. The slide phone has two cameras, one in the front top right side and the other camera is on the back similar to most other slide phones. It is available in two colors, white and black. The keyboard of the phone is flat. The camera is 1.3 Megapixels.

</doc>
<doc id="18438468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438468" title="Vicente Catada">
Vicente Catada

Vicente Catada (born October 11, 1903, date of death unknown) was an Argentine boxer who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
In 1924 he was eliminated in the first round of the flyweight class after losing his fight to the upcoming bronze medalist Raymond Fee.

</doc>
<doc id="18438474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438474" title="Alexander von Tunzelmann">
Alexander von Tunzelmann

Alexander Francis Henry von Tunzelmann (15 June 1877 – 19 September 1957), a New Zealand crew member of on the Norwegian whaling ship "Antarctic" was part of the first group known with certainty to have set foot on the mainland of Antarctica—at Cape Adare on 24 January 1895. It is possible that the Anglo-American sealer John Davis achieved this feat 74 years earlier, on 7 February 1821, but his journal entry is open to interpretation. 
Family background.
Alexander was a member of the von Tunzelmann family, who migrated from Prussia to Estonia where they were members of the Baltic German Ritterschaft or nobility. Two brothers and a sister from the family settled in New Zealand. 
He was born in Nelson, and died in Invercargill. He had five children: ,Ronald, Isobel, John, Francis and Gilbert.
Circumstances of the landing.
The voyage of the whaling ship "Antarctic", captained by Leonard Kristensen and financed by Henrik Johan Bull, put a boat ashore on 24 January 1895 in the vicinity of Cape Adare, at the northern extremity of the Victoria Land. The boat held six men, including Kristensen, Bull, Carsten Borchgrevink and the 17-year old New Zealander Alexander von Tunzelmann. All of them apparently set foot on land within moments of each other, so credit is sometimes given, or claimed for each.
Recognition.
In 1998, the place von Tunzelmann landed was officially named Von Tunzelmann Point by the New Zealand government.[http://www.linz.govt.nz/placenames/decisions-and-public-notices-of-place-names/24jun2004/index.aspx].

</doc>
<doc id="18438481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438481" title="McCarver Neighborhood, Tacoma, Washington">
McCarver Neighborhood, Tacoma, Washington

The McCarver Neighborhood is located in Tacoma, Washington. It is an urban neighborhood located in the Downtown and the Hilltop area of Tacoma.
Description.
The neighborhood is named after McCarver Elementary School, which was the first magnet school in the nation.
The neighborhood's boundaries are South 19th Street to the north, Center Street to the south, Tacoma Ave. to the east, and South L Street to the west. 
The neighborhood was once a center of crime and blight but in recent years has gentrified with new condominium & townhome developments along with condominium conversions from apartments.
The neighborhoods central street is maple tree lined Yakima Avenue.
There are no major employers in the McCarver neighborhood borders but just outside are St. Joseph Medical Center (Tacoma, Washington). and the University of Washington - Tacoma Campus.

</doc>
<doc id="18438482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438482" title="Queensland Wind Orchestra">
Queensland Wind Orchestra

The Queensland Wind Orchestra is a wind ensemble based in Brisbane, Australia. Established in 2004, it performs a series of public performances each year in and around Brisbane. They have both a home online and a 'real' facebook page), which is "not" this stub. Please like it and not this auto created page.
The group works with a variety of professional conductors and soloists and strives to continually bring new and exciting wind band music to its audiences.
The ensemble utilises flexible instrumentation and the concept of one player per part, in line with Frederick Fennell's 1952 concept of the Eastman Wind Ensemble. 
The orchestra is a non-profit incorporated association managed by an elected committee of its performing members and is a community-based ensemble. It requires all players to audition for entry to the group and maintains a high standard of musicianship. The 40 to 45 members include musicians from many backgrounds, including medicine, science, nursing, engineering, law and others, as well as university music students, graduates and teachers. 

</doc>
<doc id="18438494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438494" title="No Way Out (2009)">
No Way Out (2009)

No Way Out (2009) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) and was presented by AT&T. It took place on February 15, 2009, at the KeyArena in Seattle, Washington. It was the 11th event under the No Way Out name and featured talent from the Raw, SmackDown and ECW brands. Five matches were held on the event's card.
The main event on the Raw brand was an Elimination Chamber match for the World Heavyweight Championship. Edge won the match after last eliminating Rey Mysterio. The predominant match on the SmackDown brand was an Elimination Chamber match for the WWE Championship, in which Triple H won after last eliminating The Undertaker. The primary match on the ECW brand was for the ECW Championship between Jack Swagger and Finlay, which Swagger won. The undercard also featured two more matches from the Raw brand. The first was a No Holds Barred match between Randy Orton and Shane McMahon, which Orton won. The second match saw Shawn Michaels defeat John "Bradshaw" Layfield in a standard one-on-one match.
Reception.
No Way Out was generally well received by critics. "The Sun" in their review noted that the unpredictability, shocks and top-notch wrestling overshadowed the few minor missteps of the evening, such as Vladimir Kozlov's stiff wrestling and the relative unimportance of the Orton/McMahon and Swagger/Finlay matches, criticizing the quality of both. Overall however, they awarded the event 8 out of 10, heaping praise on the use of Edge and his character.
The event had 272,000 buys, down on the No Way Out 2008 figure of 329,000 buys.

</doc>
<doc id="18438502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438502" title="Jean-Simon Berthélemy">
Jean-Simon Berthélemy

Jean-Simon Berthélemy (5 March 1743 – 1 March 1811) was a French history painter who was commissioned to paint allegorical ceilings for the Palais du Louvre, the Luxembourg Palace and others, in a conservative Late Baroque-Rococo manner only somewhat affected by Neoclassicism.
Berthélemy was born in Laon, Aisne, the son of a sculptor, Jean-Joseph Berthélemy. He trained in the atelier of Noel Hallé, a professor at the Académie royale de peinture et de sculpture and made his first reputation in the 1760s; after reaching second place in 1763, he won the Prix de Rome of the Académie in 1767. An early commission was for a suite of decorative paintings under the direction of the architect Jean-Gabriel Legendre for the Hôtel de l'Intendance de Champagne at Châlons-sur-Marne, of which the artist only completed six overdoors, much in the manner of François Boucher and delegated the rest of the commission to a fellow pupil at the Académie.
Berthélemy's master Hallé provided cartoons for the royal tapestry manufacture of the Gobelins, where he was appointed superintendent in 1770; Berthélemy was called upon to provide cartoons for the weavers as well. His "Death of Etienne Marcel" (1783) of which the oil sketch survives, was woven in the series "Histoire de France."
Berthélemy was an esteemed painter in his day, chosen to join the entourage accompanying Napoleon's campaign in Italy, where he was among the experts assigned the task of selecting works of art to be transferred to Paris under terms of the Treaty of Tolentino, February 1797. He died in Paris.
When two monographs on Berthélemy were published in 1979, Philip Conisbee, reviewing them in "The Burlington Magazine", observed drily, "Two monographs on Berthélemy is overkill for a painter who could have been dispatched with a single substantial article. The French academic system of art education in the eighteenth century, backed up by the stimulus of church and state patronage, was so efficient and rigorous that even an average talent could be sufficiently conditioned to produce a handful of decent history-paintings, which are sometimes minor masterpieces."

</doc>
<doc id="18438505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438505" title="Puran Bhagat">
Puran Bhagat

Puran Bhagat, also known as Bawa Sahaj Nath Ji, is the supreme head of the Jandiyals, a Hindu Caste. The Jandiyals gather twice a year on Guru Purnima and worship Puran Bhagat. The temple of Bawa Sahaj Nath Ji is located in Pakistan, but after partition, the Jandiyals constructed a temple in Jandi near Heeranagar, Jammu, another temple in Taragarh near Dinnanger, and a third one in Dorangla.
Jandiyal families who came from Pakistan bought that temple's sand and used it to construct a small temple in Taragarh. People from all over India come here on Guru Purnima for Darshan.
In addition to the Targarh temple, Jandiyals (Mahajan) have built temples at Agra, Jammu, and Udhampur (J&K). Udhampur city is also known as Devika Nagri. The temple is located at Bye Pass Road, Fangyal. Jandiyal biradari celebrates and worships Baba Sehaj Nath ji twice a year on Budh Purnima and Kartik Purnima.

</doc>
<doc id="18438507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438507" title="Willoughby on the Wolds">
Willoughby on the Wolds

Willoughby on the Wolds is a small village in Nottinghamshire, England, on the border with Leicestershire. Its nearest neighbouring villages are Wysall, Widmerpool, Wymeswold and Keyworth, with the nearest towns and cities being Loughborough, Melton Mowbray, Nottingham and Leicester. According to the 2001 census it had a population of 484.
The town has its own Willoughby on the Wolds Parish Council but comes within jurisdiction of the Nottinghamshire County Council.
The village is the approximate location of the minor civil war battle of Willoughby Field which took place in July 1648. It is also closely linked with the Roman encampment of Vernometum on the Fosse way which runs only a few hundred yards from the village.

</doc>
<doc id="18438525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438525" title="Lorenzo Vitria">
Lorenzo Vitria

Lorenzo Vitrià Barrera (born Barcelona February 02, 1908, died Gusen (Austria) June 18, 1941) was a Spanish boxer who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
In 1924 he was eliminated in the second round of the flyweight class after losing his fight to Jock MacGregor.
Due his exile to France after the Spanish civil war, he was deported to the concentration camp of Mauthausen (Austria) in 1940 and he died in 1941 in Gusen (an external concentration camp of Mauthausen).

</doc>
<doc id="18438526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438526" title="ITunes Remote">
ITunes Remote

iTunes Remote (also known simply as Remote) is a software application developed by Apple Inc. for iOS that allows for remote control of any Apple TV or iTunes library in an area with Wi-Fi connectivity using the proprietary Digital Audio Control Protocol (DACP). It is currently available as a free download from the App Store for users of iOS on the iPhone, iPod Touch, or iPad.
History.
On July 10, 2008, Apple released Remote on the App Store. That same day, Apple released the Apple TV 2.1 software update that added recognition for the iPhone and iPod Touch as remote control devices. Later revisions added support for the iPad, and introduced support for new features as they were added to iTunes. The remote application was intended as a software alternative to the Apple Remote, allowing users to control their media collection via their iOS device.
Patent filing.
Unofficial software modifications for including this functionality in both iOS and the Apple TV OS had existed previously, but rumors of Apple giving remote control capabilities between iOS and Apple TV had existed since early 2007, when the U.S. Patent Office published a patent filed by Apple on September 11, 2006 that depicted a "media-player with remote control capabilities" alongside a "multi-media center for computing systems".
Features.
History.
The initial release, version 1.0, allowed users to control the basic functions of their media library, limited to much the same functions of the physical Apple Remote Later revisions of version 1 added the ability to create and edit playlists in iTunes, search the user's media library, and generate Genius playlists. These features were further improved with the release of version 2.0, which added support for the iPad and the then new retina display. Features added in version 2.0 included support for Shared Libraries, and control of AirPlay hardware. Gestures were also supported, allowing users to control their Apple TVs with swipes similar to the navigation through Cover Flow.
Subsequent updates to version 2 improved stability of the application, and added AirPlay video support to Apple TVs. Version 2.1 also allowed users to control the internet radio feature of iTunes, and play rented movies or TV shows. Other additions to later releases of version 2 included support for the new iTunes Match feature, and support for iOS 5 and 6. Version 2 also allowed guests connected to a wireless network to request songs to be played using iTunes DJ. The interface was designed to emulate the iOS Music app when used on an iPhone or iPod Touch, whilst iPad users controlled their library using an interface based on the desktop iTunes application.
Current version.
With the release of iTunes 11, Apple updated the iTunes Remote application. The new version included a new user interface; emulating the iOS 6 Music application on iPhone and iPod Touch, and iTunes 11's new grid view on iPad. In accordance with the removal of iTunes DJ from the desktop software, the application no longer provides the function for guest to request songs. New features include the ability to see and edit the Up Next list, and an improved dynamic search function that searches content as the user types. This version removes support for users running iOS 4, instead requiring a minimum of iOS 5.0. Users can play, pause, or skip back and forth through their collection. They can also create or edit playlists, generate Genius results, and control the output volume of iTunes or the selected AirPlay device. When multiple iTunes libraries or Apple TVs are found one network, users can select which one they wish to control, and swap between them.

</doc>
<doc id="18438533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438533" title="Operation Lion Pounce">
Operation Lion Pounce

Operation Lion Pounce was a series of operations conducted by the Multi-national force in and around Diwaniyah (Iraq) to disrupt, isolate and neutralize militants, insurgents and criminal organizations.

</doc>
<doc id="18438536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438536" title="Juńczyk coat of arms">
Juńczyk coat of arms

Juńczyk - is a Polish Coat of Arms. It was used by several szlachta families in the times of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth.

</doc>
<doc id="18438549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438549" title="Robert Thomas (sculptor)">
Robert Thomas (sculptor)

Robert Thomas (1 August 1926 – 11 May 1999) was a Welsh sculptor born in Cwmparc in the Rhondda Valley. He is best known for his work in bronze sculptures, many of which are on public display. He was one of the members of the 'Rhondda Group'.
Life history.
Having attended the Cardiff School of Art in the late 1940s, Thomas gained entry to the Royal College of Art in London and lived there until 1971. Between 1953 and 1971 he taught at various art schools including Gravesend, Maidenhead and Ealing before returning to Wales to live in Barry. Thomas received his first major commission in 1965, creating a bust of then Secretary of State for Wales, Jim Griffiths. This was followed by works of Lord Edmund Davies and Welsh comic and entertainer Ryan Davies.
Thomas received several commissions that are now public works of art, with permanent residency in major city centres. These include "Hebe" in Birmingham city centre (at ) and "Aneurin Bevan" in Cardiff. He has also produced busts, one of which, again of Aneurin Bevan, is located in the Houses of Parliament.
In 1999 one of Thomas' last works was unveiled, a statue of Isambard Kingdom Brunel in Neyland, unveiled by Prince Charles. The bronze statue required a sum of £30,000 from a local committee.
Cardiff Sculptures.
Robert Thomas sculptures are prominently displayed in Cardiff Queen Street, in the heart of the Welsh capital's shopping district. He has four on display there (i) Nye Bevan (at the head of Queen Street, opposite the Castle); (ii) Mother and Son; (iii) The Family; and (iv) The Miner.
Additionally, there is a bronze sculpture called The Girl at Gorsedd Gardens, opposite the National Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="18438550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438550" title="Jim Braude">
Jim Braude

James Spencer Braude (born May 7, 1949) is a lawyer and Boston radio and television personality.
He co-hosts, with Margery Eagan of Boston Public Radio, a midday talk show on WGBH radio. The pair formerly hosted the Jim & Margery Show talk show on WTKK, before that station became a music station in January 2013. 
He also hosts "Broadside with Jim Braude" on New England Cable News (NECN).
Awards.
Braude won a local Emmy award and an Associated Press award for his work on NECN.

</doc>
<doc id="18438551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438551" title="Andrei Afanasyev">
Andrei Afanasyev

Andrei Igorevich Afanasyev () (born 15 May 1964 in Moscow) is a retired Soviet and association football player and current coach.
International career.
Afanasyev made his debut for Russia on 13 February 1993 in a friendly against United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18438563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438563" title="Leo Turksma">
Leo Turksma

Levy Leopold "Leo" Turksma (August 25, 1905 – February 9, 1987) was a Dutch boxer who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Nijmegen and died in The Hague.
In 1924 he was eliminated in the second round of the flyweight class after losing his fight to James McKenzie.

</doc>
<doc id="18438586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438586" title="Petar Skok">
Petar Skok

Petar Skok (; March 1, 1881 – February 3, 1956) was a Croatian linguist, and one of the world's foremost onomastics experts.
Skok was born in the village of Jurkovo Selo, Žumberak. From 1892 to 1900 he attended the Higher Real Gymnasium in Rakovac near Karlovac. At the University of Vienna (1900 – 1904) he studied Romance and Germanic philology and Indo-European studies, passing his professorship exam in 1906. He received Ph.D. with a thesis on South French toponomastics.
As a high-school professor he taught in Banja Luka and served as a librarian of the Royal museum in Sarajevo. In the period from 1919 to his retirement, he worked at the Romance seminar department of the Faculty of Philosophy at the University of Zagreb, and taught French language and literature at "Viša pedagoška škola" in Zagreb.
He started writing as a gymnasium student, having published literary reviews under the pseudonym of "P. S. Mikov". Later he devoted himself completely to southeastern Europe linguistic studies, chiefly of Romance languages: Vulgar Latin, Dalmatian, with special interest to Romance influence on Croatian dialects and other languages in Southeast Europe. He studied history of Slavs, languages and interactions of languages from eastern coast of Adriatic into hinterland with special care to onomastics. Thanks to Skok's effort, the centre of Croatian onomastics studies has been since 1948 in the institution which is today Institute of Croatian Language and Linguistics.
Skok died in Zagreb.
Works.
As an extremely prolific writer, Skok published dozens of books and hundreds of research papers in journals; his "revised" bibliography by Žarko Muljačić extends it to more than 650 works. Some of his notable books are:
He left in manuscript unfinished etymological dictionary that was published post mortem in 4 volumes under the title of "Etimologijski rječnik hrvatskoga ili srpskoga jezika" ("An etymological dictionary of Croatian or Serbian language"), 1971-1974, and which represents up until today the most voluminous Croatian etymological dictionary with more than 10 000 headwords. In the words of academic August Kovačec, Skok's etymological dictionary is a synthesis of "his scientific efforts as a whole in the fields of etymology and linguistics generally" and represents the most notable "contribution of a scientific individual to Croatian language and the study of Croatian language in the 20th century". Skok left his dictionary unfinished in manuscript - his notes were processed by his disciple and co-worker Valentin Putanec.
Later development of Skok's dictionary is directed twofoldly. The first one is by supplement, with the most valuable contribution being a work of Vojmir Vinja "Jadranske etimologije: Jadranske dopune Skokovu etimologijskom rječniku" ("Adriatic etymologies: Adriatic addenda to Skok's etymological dictionary") in three volumes. The last volume - the very much necessary index - is being prepared for publication.
The other direction is reducing massive Skok's dictionary into handbook work, more accessible to wider readership. Alemko Gluhak has thus published "Hrvatski etimologijski rječnik" (Zagreb, 1993, 832 pp.) with about 1800 headwords, about 7800 Croatian lexemes and more than 1000 personal names, native Croatian and of foreign origin, accompanied with a brief account of basic terms on genetic relationship among languages of the world.
Legacy.
In the honour of Petar Skok etymological-onomastics conferences are held with contributions of Croatian and foreign experts. So far 6 of them were held, chronologically in Zagreb (1987), Zadar, Pula, Krk, Vukovar and in Korčula (2006).

</doc>
<doc id="18438588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438588" title="Ciuc County">
Ciuc County

Ciuc County was a county (Romanian: "judeţ") in the Kingdom of Romania. Its capital was Miercurea Ciuc. Its name was derived from the former county of the Kingdom of Hungary, Csík.
Geography.
Ciuc County covered 4,993 km2 and was located in central part of Greater Romania, in Transylvania. Currently, the territory that comprised Ciuc County is now part of Harghita County. In the interwar period, the county neighbored Odorhei County to the west, Mureş County to the north, Neamţ County and Bacău County to the east, and Trei Scaune County to the south.
Administrative organization.
Administratively, Ciuc County was divided into four districts ("plăşi"): 
Later the Tulgheş district was created.
Population.
According to the Romanian census of 1930 the population of Ciuc County was 145,806, of which 82.7% were ethnic Hungarians, 14.4% ethnic Romanians, and 1.6% Jews. Classified by religion: 81.3% were Roman Catholic, 13.8% Greek-Catholic, 1.7% Jewish, 1.9% Reformed (Calivinist), and 1.3% Orthodox Christian.
Urbanization.
In 1930 the urban population of Ciuc County was 15,162, which included 83.8% Hungarians, 8.1% Romanians, and 5.6% Jews by ethnicity. The religious mix of the urban population was 78.9% Roman Catholic, 5.9% Jewish, 4.5% Greek-Catholic, 4.2% Reformed, 4.0% Eastern Orthodox, and 1.2% Armenian Catholic.

</doc>
<doc id="18438607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438607" title="Henry Joy (Maine)">
Henry Joy (Maine)

Henry L. Joy (born 1933) is a Maine politician and retired teacher. He is from Crystal, Maine. He was first elected as a Republican to the Maine House of Representatives in 1992, which was the 116th Legislature, and has served in every consecutive Legislature except for the 120th Legislature, when he made an unsuccessful bid for governor of the State of Maine, after which he served as a Selectman for the town of Crystal, and was returned to the 121st Legislature in 2002, reelected in 2004 and 2006. He is currently the ranking minority member.
Representative Joy's District serves the localities of Bancroft, Crystal, Dyer Brook, Haynesville, Hersey, Island Falls, Linneus, Ludlow, Merrill, Mount Chase, New Limerick, Oakfield, Patten, Sherman, Smyrna, Stacyville, Weston and Plantations of Glenwood, Macwahoc, Moro and Reed, plus the unorganized territories of North Penobscot (part, including Herseytown Township) and South Aroostook (including Benedicta, Molunkus and Silver Ridge Townships).
He attended Hillyer College, in Hartford Connecticut, from 1951–1953, and received a Bachelor of Science degree from Ricker College in 1963, and a Masters in Education from the University of Maine, at Orono in 1976.
Mr. Joy was an educator in Island Falls, Maine from 1963–1969 and from 1972–1974, Superintendent of Schools, CSD #9, 1976–1981, and a teacher with Maine Administrative School Administrative District #25 (MSAD #25), from 1981–1992, after which he retired from teaching.

</doc>
<doc id="18438620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438620" title="Urosolvine">
Urosolvine

Urosolvine, introduced in 1949, is widely available without prescription in the Middle East today for uric acid diathesis in gout. Urosolvine contains, in the form of effervescent salts, piperazine (0.128 grams) (increases the solubility of urates), colchicine (0.3 milligrams) (brings rapid relief in cases of acute gout attacks), atropine (0.128 milligrams) (relieves spasms of the urinary tract) and sodium citrate (an alkalinizing agent). The usual dosage is one packet three times per day with meals. 

</doc>
<doc id="18438627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438627" title="Chorigos">
Chorigos

Chorigos () is a village and a community of the Voio municipality. Before the 2011 local government reform it was part of the municipality of Neapoli, of which it was a municipal district. The 2011 census recorded 90 inhabitants in the village.

</doc>
<doc id="18438633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438633" title="New Zealand Advanced Ordnance Depot">
New Zealand Advanced Ordnance Depot

The ANZUK Ordnance Depot was established in 1971. It was commanded by a Royal Army Ordnance Corps Lieutenant Colonel and staffed by Australian, New Zealand and United Kingdom personnel and Locally Employed Civilians. This organisation operated for only a short period. Australia changed Government in 1972 and the incoming Labour Government decided to withdraw Australia’s commitment to the region. This took effect in 1974 and was followed later by the withdrawal of the British forces. It was then decided that New Zealand should form its own Advanced Ordnance Depot. 
NZAOD came into being to support the New Zealand Force which was to remain behind alone. It was a self-contained and independent depot with all the normal Ordnance supply functions. It was the first such depot raised by New Zealand since World War II. 
The establishment of NZAOD was a most interesting but unusual task. It was interesting because it offered the opportunity to raise a major supply unit overseas. It was unusual because it was being raised out of the ANZUK resources. Although Australia was leaving, at this stage it was planned that. the United Kingdom would also remain and there was intense competition between New Zealand and the United Kingdom for the stock, locally employed personnel, plant and materials handling equipment and warehouse accommodation of ANZUK Ordnance Depot. 
The New Zealanders working in the ANZUK Ordnance Depot were very keen to join NZAOD. The difference between when they said they were available, and when the OC of ANZUK Ordnance Depot said they were available was remarkable. Personnel also arrived from New Zealand and in the early stages had to work long and hard in the heady days of ‘freedom from ANZUK’ to set up the New Zealand unit. 
The creation of the two Forces developed a healthy rivalry between the RAOC and the Royal New Zealand Army Ordnance Corps. The ability of the RNZAOC to move rapidly to deal with the usual range of problems was constantly measured against how the ‘Brits’ were managing. New Zealand always seemed to do well. However, before the first of the NZAOD staff had completed their full tour, the RAOC was on its way home with the withdrawal of the United Kingdom from Singapore. As with the Australians who left earlier, many good friendships had been made and it was sad to see them depart. 
At first HQ NZFORSEA, 1st Battalion Royal New Zealand Infantry Regiment (1 RNZIR), and the host of supporting units were scattered all over the island but now they were concentrated in the Sembawang area in the former Royal Navy Singapore Naval Base, leaving 1 RNZIR in Dieppe Barracks located next to Sembawang Airbase just a few miles down the road. This was the start of a commitment which was to last until December 1989. 
The activities of NZFORSEA covered a wide range of training exercises, exchanges, formal functions, as well as assistance to the Singapore and Malaysian Armed Forces. There were also New Zealand Government nonmilitary requests such as logistic assistance to trade delegations, the attendance of the band at receptions, support to the local school and a host of sporting engagements. NZAOD support to the force developed over the years and at its peak the strength of the depot was over 100 personnel. This number was made up of approximately 25 military and more than 75 civilians. 
The civilian staff were the most loyal and supportive group that a depot commander could hope to employ. The majority of the staff came direct from service with the British forces when 3 BOD closed, and they brought with them a wealth of experience which was of great assistance when the depot was being established. It was unfortunate that only a few hundred civilian employees were required because the withdrawal of the British and the Australians made many thousands of Singaporeans redundant. There were many outstanding tradesmen, clerks and storekeepers in NZAOD and all served the New Zealand Army for very long periods. Mr Vince Kunju, a one time Chief Storekeeper, and Mr Simon Khng, the Chief Clerk of many years, were but two of these highly valued Ordnance Depot staff members. 
NZAOD drew its supplies from New Zealand, Australia, United Kingdom, Singapore and Malaysia. Electronic accounting machines were installed to link into the New Zealand supply chain to ensure a quick and accurate resupply. The organisation of the depot was based on a New Zealand Ordnance depot with a few additions to meet the needs of the force. The control office was initially equipped with NCR33 accounting machines, but these literally wore out and were not replaced as their demise coincided with the planned withdrawal of the force. In 1984 the depot reverted to a manual system of accounting while a stand alone computer system was developed. A totally manual system was labour intensive, but it was accurate and the stock figures held in the control office were seldom too far out. The local purchase office had one of the most interesting jobs driving all over the Island, which was a shoppers’ paradise, trying to locate stores. 
There was a main warehouse adjacent to the HQ NZFQRSEA housing approximately 10,000 lines of general stores including furniture. Stock holdings were based on six months consumption but this varied in some cases where quite considerable stocks had been inherited from the 3 BOD days. The initial planners of the depot obviously thought New Zealand was to be in Singapore for some time, or they were being true Kiwis and making the most of abundant supplies and stocking up for the future.
A separate clothing store was established in Dieppe Barracks to meet the needs of the battalion and this two man section became the clothing store for the force. An Ordnance Officer was, on occasion, posted to 1 RNZIR as the Quartermaster or Assistant Quartermaster. When these RNZAOC Officers were with the battalion the liaison between AOD and 1 RNZIR was excellent. 
When the New Zealand Army rationalised the supply service in line with the RAOC and the McLeod report, the AOD inherited the ration platoon cold stores, two static POL points and the responsibility for field supply of rations and POL to all force activities, including the refuelling of helicopters. The supply of rations in Singapore was a challenging and varied task. Local contractors supplied the cold stores with fresh rations every day and local items such as rice, noodles, tinned fruit and drinks were purchased and packaged into a local ration pack, known as the Gerber pack which was made up especially for tropical conditions. The cold stores were often a pleasant place to visit after a session of PT or when the heat of the tropical day became too much. 
As they were in the Naval Base, the cold stores were alongside the wharfs used by friendly navies when passing through Singapore, and NZAOD was frequently requested to assist in the supply of foodstuffs to the visiting warships. This became quite a task when the Falklands fleet was coming home and New Zealand warships were coming and going from the Indian Ocean. NZAOD was also requested to assist the British Army on occasions when the Hong Kong garrison troops came down to Malaysia for training. It was at such times that the Gurkha troops would arrive and live goats would be requested for consumption. 
There was a POL point at the Naval Base and another at Dieppe Barracks. While on exercises, refueling was achieved by converting an RL Bedford truck into a makeshift UBRE by loading it with 44 gallon drums or with an aluminum tank and pump unit. Aircraft were also refuelled by 44 gallon drums being manhandled at the landing zones. Although this was labour intensive and rather crude, it did work. 
In the latter stages of the life of NZAOD it took on the responsibility for barrack services. This was a departure from the norm for an RNZAOC unit as the married quarters in New Zealand are not furnished. Barrack Services organised the replacement of household items that had been damaged or worn-out in the married quarters. There were over 330 fully furnished married quarters in Singapore when NZAOD took over the responsibility in 1984. The inspection of out going and in coming houses, the inspection, repair and maintenance of all household lines and the task of satisfying every customer was not an enviable task. It was often remarked that it was easier to satisfy’ the troops than their wives. ‘When a new item was introduced into the inventory such as a toaster, iron, or vacuum cleaner, it was amazing how quickly so many of the old model would breakdown and supplies of the new be demanded at the store. 
The Returned Stores and Disposal Group of NZAOD was unique in the number of tradesmen it employed. There were carpenters who looked after all the wooden furniture and fittings, rattan workers to repair the cane furniture, a seamstress for curtains, cushion covers etc., textile refitters to repair tentage and leather goods, and storemen to handle the host of unit camp equipment returns. The majority of the staff were civilians with one or two military in control. 
There was also a vehicle pool of a few RL Bedford vehicles trucks and land rovers for the maintenance of the force, but this was very small and the vehicle section only required two staff. 
Ammunition supply was extremely difficult. Singapore is a densely populated island, smaller in size than Lake Taupo. The safety regulations which applied in New Zealand, had to be applied with a lot of common sense in Singapore, or restrictions would have made it impossible to operate. As it was, receiving ammunition shipments by sea and air was a nightmare of paperwork and security precautions for the Ammunition Technical Officer (ATO). NZAOD occupied three ammunition warehouses in the nearby Singaporean Ammunition depot located at Attap Vally which was an ideal arrangement. 
A separate RNZA0C Stores Section was attached to the Force Workshops for the supply of technical spares. This unit had two military staff and at one time four civilians. 
Life in Singapore was a rich experience for the Ordnance soldiers who averaged 25 in number. Females were part of the military establishment and these women fulfilled their roles well. The total number of New Zealand soldiers overall was small, but the Force HQ conducted many training exercises at various levels and supplied manpower assistance to fill enemy party positions and provide umpires, logistic backup in refueling or rationing, and staff appointments for Command Post exercises. Participation in these exercises, tours of duty to the British Army in Hong Kong, attachment to naval vessels sailing the South China Sea, and unit visits to famous places like Changi Prison all made for an exciting two year posting. 
The Force was withdrawn from Singapore in 1989 and the AOD was disbanded, ending a colorful chapter in the history of the RNZAOC.

</doc>
<doc id="18438650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438650" title="Acid Tongue">
Acid Tongue

Acid Tongue is the second studio album by American singer-songwriter Jenny Lewis, released in September 2008 (see 2008 in music) through Warner Bros. and Rough Trade Records. Inspired by jam sessions, the album was recorded in January 2008 in Van Nuys, California with the intent of capturing a more live feeling than 2006's "Rabbit Fur Coat". Lewis worked with a number of guest musicians and wrote the album with boyfriend Johnathan Rice. Lewis, Rice, Jason Lader, and Dave Scher produced the album. "Acid Tongue" features musical styles ranging from indie rock to alternative country and Americana.
"Acid Tongue" was released to generally favorable reviews from contemporary music critics, receiving praise for Lewis' lyrics and vocals. However, some reviewers criticized the numerous collaborations and felt the sound overwhelmed Lewis. The album charted at number twenty-two in the United States and number fifty-five in the United Kingdom.
Influences and recording.
Lewis first began work on "Acid Tongue" after writing the title track on her "Rabbit Fur Coat" tour. She attempted to work out an arrangement for Rilo Kiley's "Under the Blacklight". It didn't work, so Lewis recorded it for a second solo album.
According to the "Los Angeles Times", Lewis was inspired by house parties at Jonathan Wilson's Laurel Canyon home. "We'd go to these jams in the canyon. They're fantastic. Jonathan invites older session musicians from the real Laurel Canyon era, and younger people who are just starting their bands who happen to live in the canyon, and we all get together and sing Grateful Dead covers and J. J. Cale songs." Lewis herself has said that it "rocks a little harder," in contrast to "Rabbit Fur Coat"'s folk rock influences. Lewis also used Rilo Kiley's "Under the Blacklight", which was notably polished compared to the band's earlier work, "as a reference point to go in the complete opposite direction". She explained that every song she writes is "a response to the thing that I've written before". "It's even as simple as, 'OK, I've written a ballad, now I want to push myself to write something that's up tempo.' If I'm writing about myself, well, that subject can be tiresome, so then I focus on character-driven songs. So I'm always doing this back-and-forth just to keep myself interested."
The album was recorded in just three weeks at Sound City Studios in Van Nuys, California. The album was co-produced by Lewis's boyfriend Johnathan Rice, former Beachwood Sparks and All Night Radio member Dave Scher, and "Under the Blacklight" producer Jason Lader. Lewis attempted to record as many of the songs live as possible. "We did it in the studio for my 32nd birthday," according to Lewis, "and we had a great time, collaborating with a bunch of friends. It was definitely a lot less focused than "Rabbit Fur Coat". With that record I had a very specific vision, [...] but with this record it was really more about the vibe, the songs and the collaborations". A source quoted by Entertainment Weekly said that the album "all sounds super natural, nice, and simple. Like it doesn't belong in any decade. It's just timeless." The album was inspired by a variety of musical styles, including alternative country, Americana, indie rock, and soul.
Talking to "Nashville Scene", Lewis said that the songs "weren't written off-the-cuff, but they were definitely recorded, not carelessly, but with a real effort to capture a live feeling, particularly with the vocals". Lewis continued, "To me, it's a big step in a different direction...and to be able to sink into the vocal take while the band was playing was a very liberating experience for me." Lewis told The A.V. Club, "We played them on the road 100 times, so we knew that we could walk into the studio and record them the same way. [...] It wasn't really a studio record, but more of a live record in some ways. It was about getting the band together and creating an atmosphere that lent itself to good chemistry between the band members and trying to capture as much of the record live as we could." As "a child of digital generation", Lewis had generally worked with Pro Tools, but wanted to capture the "not-perfect sound" of some of her favorite records.
The musicians were split into two separate bands. The Band A setup (Jason Boesel, Davey Faragher, Johnathan Rice, and Blake Mills) would generally play the more rock and roll songs, while Band B would play the ballads.
Composition.
The album's title track was described by Lewis as her "thinly veiled way of getting out of writing a strictly 'confessional' song," Lewis told Greg Kot of the "Chicago Tribune". "I may be a liar, or I may not be one." The song also referenced a childhood experience of Lewis', in which she experienced LSD at the age of 14.
"The Next Messiah", a nine-minute "ode to Barbra Streisand and the devil," was "tracked completely live, with all the transitions, and it's the most exciting thing I've ever been involved with in the studio. I wish the rest of the record had been more like that." The song is "actually three different songs that Johnathan Rice and myself wrote together," according to Lewis. "I happen to be a Barbra Streisand fan, and Barbra Streisand fancies a medley, so we discussed stringing the three songs together."
The album features a duet with Elvis Costello, "Carpetbaggers". The song was written by Lewis' boyfriend, Johnathan Rice, to be performed on the "Rabbit Fur Coat" tour, because they were lacking uptempo songs. Lewis wanted to "make it less country and a little more pop. So I emailed Elvis. He mentioned he had two new songs and would we be open to recording them." These songs became part of Costello's "Momofuku".
She & Him's Zooey Deschanel provides backing vocals on a number of songs, while her bandmate M. Ward plays "a moody guitar part" on "Pretty Bird". Ward said that "Acid Tongue" is "the greatest record Jenny has ever made." There are a number of other collaborations on "Acid Tongue"; fellow Rilo Kiley member Jason Boesel, Davey Faragher of Costello's band The Imposters, Benji Hughes, Ana and Paz Lenchantin, Chris Robinson of The Black Crowes, and Jonathan Wilson all make contributions. The album features production credits from Lewis' boyfriend Johnathan Rice, Farmer Dave Scher, and Rilo Kiley producer Jason Lader.
Lewis's sister Leslie Lewis provides backing vocals on two tracks, while her father Eddie Gordon plays the bass harp and harmonica. "He was ill last year, so we started speaking to one another," Lewis told "The Independent". "There were no hard feelings. He just wasn't around. Every couple of years I'd get a postcard from the road – a picture of him standing next to a giant ice-sculpture of a crab, in Alaska. He was a very mysterious character. But I thought this was the right time to bring him in." "The Next Messiah" was influenced by her father. "When someone isn't around you create what you imagine your father might be – 'a race-car driver, a four-leaf clover'," Lewis explained. Lewis has said that a lot of her inspiration, for both "Acid Tongue" and previous work, comes from her parents. Lewis also told "The Independent", "I just don't know them very well. And I'm still trying to understand what happened the divorce and why. It's this blank slate, I can't even remember what happened. But for some reason, these two people are so incredibly strange and funny and beautiful and messed up, that I want to keep writing about them... and maybe figure out who I am in the process."
Release.
Entertainment Weekly announced that Lewis had been working on the album in February 2008. Prior to "Acid Tongue"'s release, Lewis allowed listeners to hear the title track by calling the toll-free telephone number 1-888-717-ACID. The song was later replaced by a recording announcing two "secret" performances in September, including a password and website to obtain tickets. Additionally, several videos were put up on Lewis' official YouTube page. The videos show Lewis (or band mates) at home being visited by Ben Gibbard, of Death Cab for Cutie and The Postal Service, who has arrived with balloons to listen to the new album. Ben is told that the album isn't out yet, but Lewis agrees to let him hear "just one song". This is followed by a recording of the title track "Acid Tongue."
On September 9, the entire album was made available in streaming format on Lewis' official MySpace page. Though not technically downloadable, it was quickly accessed through other means and made available through file sharing. The album was released in both CD and LP formats in a number of territories throughout late September. Select independent record stores also gave away a 7" single of "The Next Messiah", split between the two sides of the record. Lewis toured in support of the album's release, including an appearance at the Austin City Limits Festival and opening for Conor Oberst.
Critical reception.
"Acid Tongue" has received generally favorable reviews, scoring a 75% on review aggregator Metacritic. Creative Loafing said that while "Rabbit Fur Coat" "glided through an Appalachian dream world", Lewis "stomps her boots while exploring similar terrain" on "Acid Tongue". The review continued that while the album "includes plenty of quirky meditations on lost love that recall her previous adventures, [...] well-placed jolts give "Acid Tongue" greater balance, a component that's lacking on "Rabbit Fur Coat."" According to "The Sunday Times", "the results are magnificent, [...] but occasionally they are a shaky misstep." "Chicago Sun-Times" writer Jim DeRogatis called "Acid Tongue" "sensual and entrancing." The Daily Trojan labeled the tracks as "psychedelic, occasionally sexy, but always timeless", although noting that the album "lacks a thematic focus that can be found on every other album Lewis has released".
"Filter" referred to the album's title track as "simply beautiful, causing goosebumps to the arms of even the toughest man. [...] It's rather deep, despite its simplicity, a difficult task to say the least." It has also been called "a prime example of Lewis' simplistic genius." "The Times" said "the verses in the title track tickle and tease so that you are practically salivating for the chorus."
It was also noted that Lewis' "delicately seductive vocals are more versatile", with the Detroit Free Press stating that her voice "smoothly mixes classic country with pop and indie-rock, Lewis is as adept on the ballads as she is on the rave-ups." "The Times" considered Lewis' songwriting "leagues ahead of anything that she has done in the past" and her vocals sound "as though she means it". DeRogatis pointed out that "Lewis' impressive strength as both a singer and a songwriter is that she makes every listener feel as if her music was crafted just for them." However, Angela Zimmerman of "Crawdaddy!" felt that Lewis often used a "pervasive soprano that she can't quite execute" on tracks like "Black Sand", "Pretty Bird", "Trying My Best to Love You", and "Jack Killed Mom".
Pitchfork Media said that while "Acid Tongue" is "immediately pleasurable," the album's downfall is that "Lewis does such a good job of nailing choice sounds and styles from pop's past that you can't help getting reeled in right away; only upon later reflection do you realize that much of her success lies in evoking something else great rather than achieving a greatness more uniquely her own." The review continued, "In these straitjacketed settings, Lewis' considerable strengths as a lyricist and performer just aren't given sufficient room to fully emerge." "Time" noted that "Acid Tongue" "sprawl with misplaced ambition" and that only the title track sticks. Another review observed, "Lewis seems to be [...] on her way to a more definitive musical existence [...] but she doesn’t quite seem to know yet." "Acid Tongue" was also slated for its "hip-hop-like roster of unnecessary cameos. Zooey Deschanel and M. Ward of She and Him make sense, but Elvis Costello sounds intrusive during his duet on "Carpetbaggers," while the black Crowes' Chris Robinson is just superfluous." "Crawdaddy!"'s Zimmerman said that while "these appearances help flavor the record, [...] I miss the Watson Twins."
The album was made number 14 in "Blender"'s 33 Best Albums of 2008 list, and number 46 in "Q"'s 50 Best Albums of the Year 2008. It was also voted number 18 in "Rolling Stone"'s Readers' Top 30 Albums of 2008 list. "Acid Tongue" was number 66 on "Rolling Stone"'s list of the 100 Best Songs of 2008.
Charts and certifications.
"Acid Tongue" entered the "Billboard" 200 at number 24 with approximately 21,000 copies sold. It also reached number fifty-five on the UK Albums Chart.

</doc>
<doc id="18438688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438688" title="Kwah">
Kwah

Kwah is the usual English form of the name of the famous Carrier leader Kw'eh. He was born around 1755 and died in 1840. Chief Kw'eh was the chief of what is now the Nak'azdli band in the late eighteenth and early nineteenth centuries. In his time, few people lived at Nak'azdli (Fort Saint James), which attracted people due to the location of the North West Company (later Hudson's Bay Company) fort there, which was not established until 1806. The main village was located at Tsaooche ("Sowchea").
Chief Kw'eh held the very important noble name Ts'oh Dai in the Lhts'umusyoo clan. It was Chief Kw'eh who received the explorer Simon Fraser in 1806 when Carrier people brought his floundering canoes into Tsaooche village in Sowchea Bay. In gratitude, Simon Fraser presented Kw'eh with red cloth. The current Ts'oh Dai, Kw'eh's descendant Peter Erickson, returned red cloth to Canada in 1997.
Chief Kw'eh is also known for the incident in which, in 1828, he spared the life of his prisoner, the fur trader James Douglas, who later became the first governor of the united Colony of British Columbia. He was also known for his acquisition of an iron dagger prior to the arrival of the first Europeans in the area, presumably one traded in from the coast. He is the ancestor of a large percentage of the Carrier people in the Stuart Lake area.

</doc>
<doc id="18438689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438689" title="Lars Skjeset">
Lars Skjeset

Lars Skjeset (born 1 March 1983) is a Norwegian orienteering competitor, and medal winner from World Games, European Championships and Junior World Championships. He represents the club Frol IL of Levanger.
Junior career.
Skjeset participated at the Junior World Orienteering Championships in Põlva in 2003, where he won a silver medal in the "relay", together with Kristian Dalby and Audun Weltzien.
Senior career.
Skjeset received a bronze medal in "relay" at the European Orienteering Championships in 2006 in Otepää, together with Carl Waaler Kaas and Øystein Kvaal Østerbø. At the 2008 European Championships in Ventspils he finished 5th in the "sprint". He participated at the World Games in 2009, obtaining a bronze medal in the mixed relay.

</doc>
<doc id="18438695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438695" title="Snow (comics)">
Snow (comics)

Snow is an original English-language manga written and illustrated by Morgan Luthi and published by Tokyopop. It is Luthi's first comic, published after repeated rejections from the "Rising Stars of Manga" anthology.
It details the story of the titular hero, Snow, retreating to the cold, unknown planet of Hub to get away from his past. Meanwhile, the galaxy is being terrorized by giant genocidal aliens called Warmongers that seek to "purify" all worlds with their secret weapon, the Ghost of Destruction.
Plot.
There is news that the race of Warmongers have employed a doomsday device called "the Ghost of Destruction" that lays waste to whole planets. The story opens with a small sarcophagus landing in the middle of a city, and a mysterious man with empty eyes emerges and begins to destroy things with powerful telekinesis. The city tries to stop the Ghost, but it proves indestructible, and within minutes, the entire planet is reduced to ash. The Warmongers congratulate the Ghost's efforts, and encourage him to continue.
A young man with a severely scarred eye is walking across a snowy landscape covered in garbage, when he encounters the gates to Refuse City, a backwater city populated by many strange people and creatures. Once there, he witnesses a semi crash, and stops the driver from escaping. A girl orders her gang to rob the truck. She finds the young man, and asks his name. It starts snowing, so he absent-mindedly replies "Snow". The girl introduces herself as "Kat", and takes Snow in.
Kat explains that Refuse City is tangled up in gang warfare, and all the gangs answer to the Space Syndicate of Crooks, Assassins and Bandits (or "SSCAB") except for her gang, "The Crows", which makes headquarters in a diner. They support more charity and good deeds to prevent the greed and authority of SSCAB, and seek to preserve the way of life on the planet, called Hub. She further explains that Hub is one of the few places left in the galaxy that's quiet, tolerant, and not under the gaze of the Warmongers; a good place to get a second chance. Snow decides to join the Crows.
Meanwhile, the Warmongers are discussing a problem they're having with the Ghost, and send two Warmongers to attack planet Hub.
Later, a SSCAB member offers Kat an ultimatum as retribution for their truck robbery. Kat refuses, and the SSCAB threatens to blow up the diner with a small robot bomb that accompanied him, but leaves to give Kat time to think about it. Immediately after this, a large robot shoots up the diner. No one is hurt, but Kat remembers that the rest of the Crows are on patrol, and she and Snow rush out to find them.
They find the Crows engaged in a shootout with another gang, and Kat finds out that several Crows have been taken hostage. Kat asks Snow to come with her to rescue the hostages, but he's traumatized by all the violence, and tells Kat where he came from.
Snow came to Hub to hide from his past: he was the Ghost of Destruction. Following his latest devastation, the Ghost found two small children buried under some rubble, one of them wounded and dying. One of the children attacked the Ghost with a knife, causing the scar on Snow's eye. The Ghost was so shocked by seeing the pain he caused that he ran away to Hub, to make sure the Warmongers could never find him and use him again. He's not sure that will work, though; he still has the Ghost's terrible powers, and thinks he shouldn't exist anywhere. Kat convinces him that Snow is not the terrible weapon that the Ghost was, and that Hub will give him a second chance.
Kat and Snow find out that the hostages have been taken away on a train, so they commandeer a train engine called the "White Knight" to catch them. While they're catching up to the train, Kat confesses that she used to be a mercenary assassin for many years, killing for money. She, too, came to Hub to redeem herself. She asks Snow why he won't use his Ghost powers to stop the train, but he's afraid to try, since he doesn't know what he might do.
Kat and Snow raid the train, but Snow is captured and held at gunpoint by the gang's leader and an unstable goblin. Kat subdues the leader, and the goblin shoots Snow with what just turns out to be a water gun. They find the hostages in the next car, as well as one of the bomb robots from earlier, counting down. Snow uses it to scare off the gang, and Kat gets the other Crows and some SSCABs that don't want to die onto the White Knight. Snow, however, doesn't make it across, and the train explodes.
Snow survives the explosion by changing back into the Ghost of Destruction. Just then, the two Warmongers arrive on Hub, glad to have found their lost Ghost. The Warmongers think that Snow has malfunctioned, and ask him to be recalled. Snow refuses, and fights the Warmongers into submission. This exhausts Snow's Ghost powers, and he thinks they'll never return. Kat asks him to keep that to himself, as a form of insurance.
Following this incident, Snow becomes wanted, with a bounty of "NAME YOUR PRICE" offered for his capture.
Characters.
Snow - The titular protagonist. He has a certain nervousness about the world around him and is rather soft-spoken, but he has a fierce sense of justice and a strong value of life. He used to be the Ghost of Destruction, a powerful doomsday device designed by the Warmongers to destroy entire planets.
Kat - Short for "Katrina", she took Snow in when he first arrived at Hub. She's the leader of a gang called "The Crows", and strives to keep Refuse City away from oppressive influences. She's a very tough and strong woman, prepared to deal with any problems she faces, but also compassionate and charitable.
The Warmongers - A race of aliens that seek to "cleanse" worlds. They treat this task without emotion, and are consistently serious and businesslike. They resemble statues as well, with black, stony flesh and static faces. All this and the way they talk suggests that they are somewhat robotic.
Grom and Krom - The two Warmongers that invade Hub to find Snow. They are the only ones that are named or see any battle.
The Crows - Kat's gang. Their goal is to give back to Refuse City however they can, and get Hub out from under the oppressive control of the SSCAB gang syndicate.
SSCAB - The Space Syndicate of Crooks, Assassins and Bandits. They hold control over all the gangs in Refuse City, with the exception of the Crows. They are very violent, and their greed is insatiable.
Volume 2.
The cliffhanger ending of Volume 1 hints at a second volume of "Snow" and even mentions "Snow: Volume 2", but there has been no news of it. Morgan Luthi, however, has released a preview image from "Snow: Volume 2" on his DeviantArt gallery.

</doc>
<doc id="18438696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438696" title="Joanie Spina">
Joanie Spina

Joanie Spina is an American magician, dancer, choreographer and director who achieved prominence through her work with the famous illusionist, David Copperfield.
Early life and beginnings of career.
Spina grew up in the town of Woburn, near Boston, Massachusetts. She first began dancing seriously as a child but gave up when she was aged 11. Later, at the age of 26, while working in a bar job, she returned to dance as a means to lose weight. Taking ballet and jazz classes helped her decide that her vocation lay in performing arts. She then began acting and voice classes as well. Although told she was too old to be attempting to begin a career as a performer she persevered on the basis that she could at least teach. In the following two years she danced with a few local companies in the Boston area and then moved to New York.
Magic career.
In January 1985, while looking for the next step in her career, Spina answered an advert for a dancer in a show with "an international stage and television star". The star turned out to be magician David Copperfield and he hired her. She worked for Copperfield for the next 11 years, spending eight and a half of them as his lead assistant. She also became his choreographer and co-director. Her work included choreographing ten of Coppefield’s CBS television specials and his Broadway show "Dreams and Nightmares". Among the well-known routines Spina contributed to were Copperfield's "Water levitation" and his signature "Flying" illusion.
Spina eventually left Copperfield's team and developed her own solo magic act, which she performed in locations including Las Vegas, Atlantic City, and the Bahamas. In 2000, she withdrew from performing and began to concentrate on a directing career. Her clients in this role have included Mark Kalin & Jinger, Princess Tenko, Tim Kole, Melinda Saxe, Jeff Hobson, Juliana Chen, The Spencers, Dirk Arthur, and Lawrence & Priscilla.
Spina currently lives in Las Vegas but travels extensively to work on various projects. In addition to her directing work she has launched a video-making business.
Spina also pens a column for the periodical MAGIC Magazine in which she demonstrates techniques for magicians to improve their choreography and staging. Since January 2011 her columns have also appeared as video lessons on the iPad edition of the magazine. 

</doc>
<doc id="18438719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438719" title="Dublin South by-election, 2009">
Dublin South by-election, 2009

A by-election was held in the Dublin South constituency in Ireland on Friday, 5 June 2009, following the death of the Fianna Fáil Teachta Dála (TD) Séamus Brennan on 9 July 2008. As Brennan was a Fianna Fáil TD, that party had the responsibility of deciding when the by-election should take place. It was held on the same day as the 2009 European and local elections. There was no legal requirement on when to hold a by-election in Ireland in 2009 but it was generally held within six months. A by-election in the Dublin Central constituency was held on the same date. 
Eight candidates contested the vacant seat, with victory going to the Fine Gael candidate, George Lee who was elected on the first count.
Result.
George Lee resigned from Dáil Éireann on 8 February 2010 after serving 8 months as a TD.

</doc>
<doc id="18438721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438721" title="Copyright law of Turkey">
Copyright law of Turkey

Turkish copyright law is documented in the law number 5846 on Intellectual and Artistic Works (). 
Turkey is revising its intellectual property rights laws in order to align them with WIPO standards. Turkey is a party to the Berne Convention, the Rome Convention and the TRIPS Agreement. Turkish copyright law was made compliant with these treaties after its 1995 and 2001 amendments.
Amendments.
Originally written in December 1951, law 5846 has been amended by the following laws:
In addition, a draft law has been prepared to amend articles 23, 25, 43, and 71-81, as part of the aforementioned harmonization plan.
Related laws.
Other laws applicable to the creation of audiovisual art are

</doc>
<doc id="18438726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438726" title="Alliage (band)">
Alliage (band)

Alliage was a French boy band active from 1996 to 2000.
History.
Alliage was assembled during the 1990s boy band craze. The musical group was met with the most commercial success in France alongside fellow boy acts like Worlds Apart, 2Be3 and G-Squad. The band included four young men; Steven Gunnell, Roman Lata Ares, Brian Torres and lead singer Quentin Elias. Alliage, whose name translates as "mixture," was marketed as a multicultural fusion of several different ethnic origins: Corsican, Spanish, American, and Algerian-French, respectively. Some of their songs were "alliages" of several languages such as "Baila" and "Lucy". 
The group's breakthrough hit was their first single "Baila" (""Dance, I love you, your memory still follows me"") which sold more than 450,000 copies. Their first album titled "Alliage, l'album" was released in 1997, selling more than 500,000 copies. At the peak of their success, "Alliage" collaborated with Irish boy band Boyzone on "Te garder près de moi" and Swedish band Ace of Base on "Cruel Summer".
After break-up.
By the end of the 1990s Alliage's record sales declined as boy bands fell out of favor with the public.
Quentin Elias was the first to leave the group and embark on a solo career in 1999. Elias, was based in New York. He remained active as a recording artist, model and actor in films, television and theater until his sudden death in 2014. 
Gunnell also become a soloist, recording Catholic music, having rediscovered his creed and passion for the opera. 
Ares began a career in photography and Torres became a male model.

</doc>
<doc id="18438735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438735" title="Dafni, Kozani">
Dafni, Kozani

Dafni, part of the municipal unit of Tsotyli, is a small town located in the far west of the Kozani regional unit, itself in the Greek region of Macedonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18438740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438740" title="Specchia Gallone">
Specchia Gallone

Specchia Gallone is a small Italian town close to the Adriatic coast and about 40 km distant from Lecce. Administratively it counts as a "frazione" of the commune of Minervino di Lecce, and falls within the province of Lecce in the Apulia region of south-east Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="18438742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438742" title="List of Dean Guitars players">
List of Dean Guitars players

This is a List of Dean Guitars players (musicians) who have made notable use of Dean Guitars instruments in live performances or studio recordings.

</doc>
<doc id="18438750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438750" title="Moln">
Moln

Moln may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18438762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438762" title="Ross Eccles">
Ross Eccles

Ross Eccles, (born 13 November 1937), is a contemporary English artist and painter. He has been based in Dublin, Ireland since 1971, and exhibits there regularly. He has also exhibited his work in the UK, France and the US.
Life and work.
Ross Eccles was born in Blackburn, England in 1937 [http://www.juxtapoz.com/index.php?option=com_events&task=view_detail&agid=1804&year=2009&month=3&day=28&Itemid=125]. He was educated at Clitheroe Royal Grammar School and later studied Architecture at the Birmingham School of Architecture. He practiced as an architect for 30 years, first in England and then in Canada, before settling in Ireland where he ran his own practice up until 1992. In 1992 he retired from Architecture in order to devote himself to art on a full-time basis.
Ross’s often twisted, abstract style of painting is a reaction to the rigidity and structure that he faced as an architect. His architectural background has undoubtedly influenced his artworks and his subjects frequently include familiar architectural landmarks, although these are painted in an entirely new light that reflects the artist’s own vision, with bold colours and broken lines. His paintings are created to provide a fresh perspective on otherwise mundane subjects and to free the viewer from the confinements and limitations of everyday existence.
Ross often gives demonstrations to school students in the hope that he can get them to see the world around them in a new way and change their mindset in regards to life and art. He believes that conventional teaching “moulds people into similar patterns and suppresses natural individuality”.
His early work and style was influenced by his architectural training and was in the form of architectural sketches and watercolours. In recent years Ross’s style has become looser and his brushstrokes more obvious and less defined as he works more and more with acrylic paint. There is a lot of movement within his works and an emphasis on the importance of colour and light over line. Rather than recreating the subject precisely he wants to re-create the sense of what the eye captures when it looks at the subject and merge that with an element of fantasy to create a fresh vision of an everyday subject matter. His main influences include the Surrealists, the Cubists and the Impressionists .

</doc>
<doc id="18438772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438772" title="Aleksandr Vorobyov">
Aleksandr Vorobyov

Aleksandr Viktorovich Vorobyov () (born March 28, 1962 in Rostov-on-Don) is a retired Soviet and Russian football player and current coach.
International career.
Vorobyov played his only game for USSR on August 19, 1984 in a friendly against Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="18438775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438775" title="List of University of Texas at Austin faculty">
List of University of Texas at Austin faculty

This list of University of Texas at Austin faculty includes current and former instructors and administrators of the University of Texas at Austin (UT Austin), a major research university located in Austin, Texas that is the flagship institution of the University of Texas System.</onlyinclude> Founded in 1883, the university has had the fifth largest single-campus enrollment in the nation as of Fall 2006 (and had the largest enrollment in the country from 1997 to 2003), with over 50,000 undergraduate and graduate students and 16,500 faculty and staff. It currently holds the largest enrollment of all colleges in the state of Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="18438785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438785" title="Swimming with dolphins">
Swimming with dolphins

The popularity of swimming with dolphins and other interactions with dolphins greatly increased in the 1980s and 1990s due to the satisfaction and learning that human beings experience while swimming with dolphins. This activity may help to treat depression in humans.
There has been a proliferation of dolphinariums around the world despite the controversy around this activity, which has yet to be circumscribed by the law. 
The renewed popularity of dolphins in the 1960s resulted in the appearance of many dolphinariums around the world, which have made dolphins accessible to the public. Though criticism and more strict animal welfare laws have forced many dolphinariums to close their doors, hundreds still exist around the world attracting a large amount of visitors. The risks associated with interaction with dolphins include injury for humans and injury, stress and death for dolphins.
Scenarios.
There are three types of environments where people can swim with dolphins: ponds, natural demarcated areas and at the sea. The ponds are very large and deep pools, such as the SeaWorld aquarium. The natural demarcated areas are places adjacent to the sea that share the sea's pure water and seabed, Riviera Maya, and Cozumel in Mexico. Some (though certainly not all) sea swim programs are done at certain points where wild dolphins are accustomed to getting food. Some researchers are against feeding wild dolphins because of the risks of changing their eating habits. This practice costs somewhere in the range of $100 to $400+.
Programs.
Swimming with dolphins is an activity offered by many dolphinariums around the world, and there is a large and varied array of interactive programs and activities. Each dolphinarium usually has their specific supply and particular way to present their activities. Most programs include direct contact with dolphins; in some places it is allowed to take the dolphin fin and be dragged by the animal. Other dolphinariums do not allow this because it could be harmful to the animal. 
In recent years a program that allows customers to have the experience of being coaches has become popular. Some programs offer guests additional interaction by allowing them to act as trainers for the day. Most programs offer pictures and video memories of the experience.
Countries with swimming with dolphin programs include Mexico, United States, Australia, Ireland, New Zealand and Israel as well as most caribbean nations like Bahamas, Cuba & Dominican Republic.
Most dolphinariums charge between $75 to up to $200 per person per session.

</doc>
<doc id="18438786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438786" title="Allotrioceras">
Allotrioceras

Allotrioceras is a tubular fossil from the middle Chazyan (Middle Ordovician) of New York state, collected by Rousseau H. Flower and included by him in the Endocerida and placed in a new family, the Allotrioceratidae. "Allotrioceras" is characterized by a lateral pair of subequal endocones separated by a straight partition that extends more than half way across from either the dorsal or vental side, as perceived, and runs along the length. What remains is thought to represent the siphuncle which ranges from about to about in diameter.
Some endocerids, derived from the Proterocameroceratidae, "Najaceras", "Cacheoceras", and "Williamsoceras", have a longitudinal dorsal or ventral process, or both about which the endocones are formed, which the partitian of Allotrioceras has somewhat of a resemblance. In the Chihliocreratidae, also derived from the Proterocameroceratidae, the main endocones are flanked by two smaller endocones, one on each side. Longitudinal partitions and multiple endocones are not unknown in the order. Simply on the basis of either, "Allotrioceras" can not be excluded. 
The holotype of "Allotrioceras", "Allotrioceras bifercatum" Flower 1955, rests in the collection of the New Mexico Museum of Natural History and Science in Albuquerque, New Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="18438789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438789" title="Be a Brother">
Be a Brother

Be a Brother is an album by Big Brother and the Holding Company, released in 1970. It was their first album after Janis Joplin's departure.
Track listing.
All tracks composed by Big Brother and the Holding Company; except where indicated

</doc>
<doc id="18438809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438809" title="Damaskinia">
Damaskinia

Damaskinia (, , ) is a village and a community of the Voio municipality. Before the 2011 local government reform it was part of the municipality of Tsotyli, of which it was a municipal district. The 2011 census recorded 152 inhabitants in the village.

</doc>
<doc id="18438810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438810" title="Saint-Chély">
Saint-Chély

Saint-Chély may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18438816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438816" title="Hermann Krukenberg">
Hermann Krukenberg

Hermann Krukenberg (21 June 1863 - 3 October 1935) was a German surgeon who was a native of Calbe, Province of Saxony, Germany. He was the brother of pathologist Friedrich Ernst Krukenberg (1871–1946).
Krukenberg studied medicine at the Universities of Bonn, Strassburg and Heidelberg. Afterwards he was a surgical assistant to Friedrich Trendelenburg (1844–1924) in Bonn, and to Max Schede (1844–1902) at Eppendorf Hospital in Hamburg. In 1892 he became manager of a private clinic in Halle an der Saale, and in 1899 was chief surgeon at the municipal hospital in Liegnitz. During World War I he served as a field surgeon.
In 1917 he developed an operation known today as the "Krukenberg procedure". This procedure involves separation of the ulna and radius bones in order to convert a below-elbow amputation stump into a "sensory forceps" that receives its strength from the pronator teres muscle. Among his written works was a 1913 book on physiognomy titled "Gesichtsausdruck des Menschen".

</doc>
<doc id="18438819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438819" title="Jhegaala">
Jhegaala

Jhegaala is the eleventh book in Steven Brust′s Vlad Taltos series, set in the fantasy world of Dragaera. It was published in 2008. Following the trend of the series, it is named after one of the Great Houses and usually features that House as an important element to its plot.
Each house uses a creature from the Dragaeran world as their symbol; the jhegaala itself is a creature that metamorphosizes many times throughout its lifespan. The mental aspect of this trait is observed in members of House Jhegaala suddenly changing walks of life at intervals. At the beginning of each chapter in the book, there is a short excerpt from a Dragaeran text book describing the life cycle of a jhegaala or an excerpt from a Dragaeran play. One phase is described as being similar to the jhereg, explaining where its name came from, as that form is the most visible.
Plot summary.
Vlad Taltos, after leaving Adrilankha, decides to visit Noish-pa, currently residing in the Szurke region as Vlad′s regent. While there, Vlad expresses interest in finding out about his mother. Noish-pa directs him to a town called Burz. 
After arriving in Burz, Vlad takes on the name Merss and discovers he doesn′t fit in among other Easterners. Good witches have birds, mice, or cats. Vlad stays at an inn run by a man named Inchay. There he is approached by Barash Orbahn, liquor importer.
Upon inquiry into his family, the name Merss is taken as a threat. Vlad returns to the inn without receiving much information.
The next day Orbahn meets Vlad again and informs him the head of the Guild is a man named Chayoor, and it would be best if Vlad stopped searching for his family at the risk of upsetting the Guild. Digesting this information at the dock, Vlad is approached by Tereza, a prostitute, who after proper bribing tells him to seek out a coachman named Zollie at the inn Cellar Mouse. Vlad meets with Zollie, who informs him the Merss belonged to a group of witches the Count believed was trying to kill him, and that most of the family fled west. The remaining members live outside of town.
Vlad decides to visit the family, only to find that they have been murdered and their house burned down with fire that could only have been produced by a witch. He is aided in burying the family by neighbors and a Verra priest named Father Noij. Vlad is filled with uncharacteristic rage and decides he will seek revenge for the murder of his kin. The next day Vlad decides to use the Art to heal the blisters from the previous day; during the spell his mind is read and Loiosh cannot prevent it.
Vlad decides to confront the Guild leader Chayoor, who somehow knows Vlad’s true name of Taltos, and informs Vlad that the Guild holds the authority in town. Vlad then seeks an audience with the Count, who politely refuses, but Vlad decides to go anyway under the guise of being an emissary of the empire interested in paper. Upon returning to town, he learns Zollie has been murdered and witches are suspected because his lips had turned red. Vlad realizes this is not the work of a witch, only meant to appear to be.
Vlad decides to take a walk at night despite his poor night vision, and is approached by a man named Dahni who claims to work for the Count, who is interested in helping Vlad against their common enemy; who that enemy is, Vlad does not know. Vlad decides to find out about the Coven of witches in Burz by following one of them home and forcefully questioning them; he finds out limited information about the good witch, bad witch phenomenon, and the general location of the Coven headquarters in the woods.
Vlad continues his night activities by tracking down Dahni and forcefully questioning him about the Count’s offer, and Vlad agrees to meet with the Count. Vlad moves to the Cellar Mouse inn to make it harder to trace him. The next day, a message arrives from the Count that Vlad should come to his estate, but first Vlad sends Loiosh and Rocza to do surveillance on Orbhan and Tereza, who are acting suspiciously.
At the Count’s, Vlad is drugged and tortured for several days about his connection to the king of Fenario and his plans to steal the secret recipe to make paper, and then turned over to the Guild for several more days of torture before, in a moment of lucidity, informing Loiosh to notify Dahni to come and rescue him. The Count regrets Vlad’s treatment and provides sanctuary and medical treatment to the now crippled Vlad.
It is revealed that Dahni had been working for a Jhereg assassin who is after Vlad, and after questioning reveals the location of the assassin, who is hunted down and killed. Vlad moves back into the Cellar Mouse where, despite his injuries, he uses Loiosh and Rocza to gather information while he questions those who come to see him: Father Noij, some very distant kin, and Meehayi, his caretaker.
Vlad figures out who was behind the attack on his kin and sets in motion a plan to destroy the Guild and Coven by pretending he was killed by witches, causing a mob to hunt down the Coven, while simultaneously having the Count arrest the Guild. The Coven kills Chayoor in the belief that he has been trying to set them up. The feeble Vlad escapes with the help of Father Noij to Fenario. After several years, the now mostly recovered Vlad completes his revenge by returning to Burz, stealing the Count′s paper recipe, and sending it to Her Imperial Majesty Zerika the Fourth.

</doc>
<doc id="18438822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438822" title="Paul Griffin (musician)">
Paul Griffin (musician)

Paul Griffin (August 6, 1937 – June 14, 2000) was an American session musician and pianist, who recorded with hundreds of artists from the late 1950s to the 1990s. Born in Harlem, New York, he began as the touring pianist in the backing band for King Curtis and eventually worked with artists such as Bob Dylan, Steely Dan, Don McLean, The Isley Brothers, Van Morrison, The Shirelles, and Dionne Warwick. He may be best known for playing on the critically acclaimed albums "Highway 61 Revisited", "Blonde on Blonde" and "Aja". His distinctive piano accompaniment to Don McLean's "American Pie" is considered by many to be a defining element of that mega-hit recording. In addition, he worked on several films. He was an arranger for "The Warriors" (1979) and "Four Friends" (1981) and performed in "On Location: Robert Klein at Yale" (1982) and on the soundtrack for "Blue Sunshine" (1976). Griffin died at age 62 at his home in New York.

</doc>
<doc id="18438823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438823" title="Odorhei County">
Odorhei County

Odorhei was a county (Romanian: "județ") in the Kingdom of Romania. The county seat was Odorheiu Secuiesc.
Geography.
Odorhei County covered 2,977 km2 and was located in central part of Greater Romania, in Transylvania. Currently, the territory that comprised the greater part of Odorhei County is now part of Harghita County and Covasna County. In the interwar period, it neighbored Târnava-Mică County and Târnava-Mare County to the west, Mureş County to the north, Ciuc County to the east, and Brașov County and Trei-Scaune County to the south. Odorhei county was abolished in the administrative reforms of September 6, 1950.
Administrative organization.
Administratively, Odorhei County was divided into four districts ("plăṣi"): 
Population.
According to the Romanian census of 1930 the population of Odorhei County was 130,282, of which 91.6% were ethnic Hungarians, 4.9% ethnic Romanians, 2.0% Romani, 1.0% Jews, and 0.4% Germans. Classified by religion: 37.4% were Reformed (Calivinist), 34.6% were Roman Catholic, 20.6% Unitarian, 3.7% Orthodox Christian, 1.1% Jewish, and 1.1% Greek-Catholic.
Urbanization.
In 1930 the urban population of Odorhei County was 8,518, which included 81.3% Hungarians, 11.3% Romanians, 3.3% Jews, 2.0% Germans, and 1.4% Roma by ethnicity. The religious mix of the urban population was 51.3% Roman Catholic, 25.9% Reformed, 8.0% Eastern Orthodox, 5.3% Unitarian, 3.7% Jewish, 3.3% Greek-Catholic, and 1.9% Lutheran.

</doc>
<doc id="18438848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438848" title="Dasyllio">
Dasyllio

Dasyllio () is a small village located in the Grevena regional unit, West Macedonia, Greece. It is part of the municipal unit Kosmas o Aitolos.

</doc>
<doc id="18438859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438859" title="Can't Go Home Again">
Can't Go Home Again

"Can't Go Home Again" is an album by Big Brother and the Holding Company, released in 1997. 

</doc>
<doc id="18438870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438870" title="Dicheimarro">
Dicheimarro

Dicheimarro () is a community in the municipal unit of Tsotyli, western Kozani regional unit, itself in the Greek region of Macedonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18438881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438881" title="Aage Rasmussen">
Aage Rasmussen

Aage Rasmussen (later Remfeldt; September 4, 1889 – November 29, 1983) was a Danish photographer and track and field athlete who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Frederiksberg and died in Havdrup, Solrød municipality.
In 1912 he finished fourth in the 10 kilometre walk event.

</doc>
<doc id="18438887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438887" title="Getopts">
Getopts

codice_1 is a built-in Unix shell command for parsing command-line arguments. It is designed to process command line arguments that follow the POSIX Utility Syntax Guidelines.
History.
Getopts was first introduced in 1986 in the Bourne shell shipped with Unix SVR3. Earlier versions of the Bourne shell did not have "getopts". (Note: "getopts" is not the same as the C library function "getopt".)
Currently, "getopts" is available in a number of shells, including: Bourne shell, Korn shell, Almquist shell, Bash and Zsh.
Related programs.
getopt (original).
"getopts" was developed as an improvement to the original getopt Unix program.
The original "getopt" program had fewer features than "getopts". For example: it did not support whitespaces in arguments, and there was no ability to disable the output of error messages.
The original "getopt" program was an external command line program (unlike "getopts" which is a built-in shell command).
getopt (GNU enhanced).
An alternative to "getopts" is the GNU enhanced version of "getopt".
The GNU enhanced version of "getopt" supports the extra features of "getopts" plus more advanced features. Most significantly, the GNU enhanced version of "getopt" supports long option names (e.g. codice_2) and the options do not have to appear before all the operands (e.g. codice_3 is permitted by the GNU enhanced version of "getopt" but does not work with "getopts").
The GNU enhanced version of "getopt" is an external command line program (unlike "getopts" which is a built-in shell command).
Comparison.
Summary of features

</doc>
<doc id="18438888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438888" title="Ze'ev Smason">
Ze'ev Smason

Rabbi Ze'ev Smason.
Rabbi Smason was born in Chicago and raised in Los Angeles.
Rabbi Ze'ev Smason is the spiritual leader of Nusach Hari B'nai Zion, an orthodox congregation in St. Louis. He lives in University City with his wife, Chani, and their 9 children.
Education.
Rabbi Smason graduated from UCLA with a degree in Political Science. He then pursued rabbinical studies for 8 years in Jerusalem, receiving ordination and continuing post-graduate studies while lecturing there on Torah, Philosophy, Ethics, and Current Issues.
Career.
From 1988-97 Rabbi Smason was associate director of Aish HaTorah Center of Jewish Studies of St. Louis; from January 1998, through June 1999, he served as Associate Rabbi and Family Educator of Nusach Hari B'nai Zion before being chosen by the membership to assume the pulpit of the synagogue.
Back in August, 2007, a volunteer at Nusach Hari B'nai Zion was arrested on charges of child molestation. Rabbi Smason, received "The Child Advocate of the Week Award" from The Awareness Center for doing the right thing when he learned that there was an alleged sex offender in his synagogue. He then became one of the founders of Our Precious Children. A non-profit organization to assist Jewish survivors of sexual abused children residing in the St. Louis area.
Awards.
Child Advocate of The Week: Rabbi Ze'ev Smason

</doc>
