<doc id="18541746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18541746" title="Vicki Vola">
Vicki Vola

Victoria Vola (August 27, 1916 — July 21, 1985) was an actress who used Vicki Vola as her professional name. She was best known for her portrayal of Edith Miller on both the radio and television runs of "Mr. District Attorney".
Vola was born in Denver, Colorado. Living with an Italian mother and a French father who spoke five languages, she grew up in Denver fluent in both French and Italian. She attended a Denver ballet school and studied the violin as a pupil of Hungarian violinist Leopold Auer. She paid for acting lessons by working summer vacations as a grocery store cashier. After appearing in a high school play, she joined a stock company touring in the Denver area. She began in radio after seeking out an audition with a Denver station in 1932.
Life in Hollywood.
Arriving in Hollywood during the mid-1930s, she was heard on a variety of shows, including "The First Nighter Program", Bing Crosby's "Kraft Music Hall", "Radio Theater", "Calling All Cars", "Strange as It Seems" and the "Joe Penner" Show. She played opposite Boris Karloff in NBC radio adaptations of "Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde" and "Death Takes a Holiday". During those same years, she appeared on stage in several productions, including "Romeo and Juliet". "Saturday Murder" and "White Collars".
NBC in San Francisco.
Relocating to San Francisco in 1936, she was heard from NBC's San Francisco studios on such shows as Hal Burdick's "Dr. Kate", "Winning the West", "Junior News" and "Tales of California". From 1939-40 she had the title role in the daytime drama "Brenda Curtis" while also appearing in another soap opera, "Manhattan Mother". During the 1940s, she was heard in "The Adventures of Christopher Wells" and as Shanghai Lil on "Jungle Jim", plus roles on "The Cisco Kid", "Yours Truly, Johnny Dollar" and "The Fat Man".
Films and television.
In 1945, she was a narrator for "Universal Newsreel". On television, she appeared in "Escape" (1950) and "Love Is a Many Splendored Thing" (1970).

</doc>
<doc id="18541760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18541760" title="Hypnum cupressiforme">
Hypnum cupressiforme

Hypnum cupressiforme (cypress-leaved plait-moss or hypnum moss) is a common and widespread species of moss belonging to the genus "Hypnum". It is found in all continents except Antarctica and occurs in a wide variety of habitats and climatic zones. It typically grows on tree trunks, logs, walls, rocks and other surfaces. It prefers acidic environments and is fairly tolerant of pollution. It was formerly used as a filling for pillows and mattresses; the association with sleep is the origin of the genus name "Hypnum" (from Greek "Hypnos").
It is a small to medium-sized moss about 2-10 cm long. It is pleurocarpous, having prostrate, creeping stems which form smooth, dense mats. The stems are branched and covered in overlapping leaves giving the impression of a cypress tree. The stem leaves are long and thin measuring 1.0-2.1 mm by 0.3-0.6 mm. They are concave and sickle-shaped, tapering towards the tip. The branch leaves are smaller and narrower than those on the stems. The moss produces short, cylindrical and slightly curved capsules which contain the spores. The capsules are 1.7-2.4 mm long and have a lid-like operculum measuring 0.6-0.9 mm. They are borne on reddish-brown stalks which are 1-2.5 cm long. The moss is dioicous, having separate male and female plants. "Hypnum cupressiforme" is a highly variable species and numerous varieties have been described.

</doc>
<doc id="18541763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18541763" title="Wayne McGregor Random Dance">
Wayne McGregor Random Dance

Wayne McGregor | Random Dance was founded in 1992, then Random Dance, and became the instrument upon which Wayne McGregor evolved his drastically fast and articulate choreographic style. It was during his major trilogy "The Millennarium" (1997), "Sulphur 16" (1998) and "Aeon" (2000) that the company became a byword for its radical approach to new technology – incorporating animation, digital film, 3D architecture, electronic sound and virtual dancers into the live choreography. Collaborations with leading multi-disciplinary artists enriched Random’s futurist aesthetic and dramatically enlarged the possibilities of dance. 
One such collaboration was with a group of students from the renowned National Centre for Computer Animation (NCCA) at Bournemouth University in 2001. The students spent six months working on an animation sequence for Random Dance's 10th anniversary production "Nemesis", which toured through 40 countries internationally. In 2002, Wayne McGregor | Random Dance was invited to become Resident Company at Sadler's Wells Theatre. The theatre had recently been rebuilt as the UK’s leading dance house and the invitation acknowledged Random’s own status as one of Britain’s most important modern dance companies. 
Technology has also been crucial in Wayne McGregor | Random Dance’s project to deliver dance to the public in new ways. Among the company’s groundbreaking projects have been webcasting live performances, and exploring broadband (ATM) bi-directional performance where two companies perform simultaneously in different parts of the world. The results are experienced by both live and on-line audiences. It has also incorporated technology into its outreach work, which is high on the creative agenda. The company’s creative learning team engages thousands of young people each year in school and community projects that focus on the creation of new work. 
Regularly supported by the British Council, Wayne McGregor | Random Dance tours frequently to some of the most prestigious world theatres, including Het Muziektheater, Amsterdam; Lyon Opera; Tel Aviv Opera; Lincoln Center, New York and Dansens Hus, Stockholm. The company’s European tours have ranged from Ireland, France, Germany, Belgium and Holland to Poland, Hungary, Cyprus and Turkey. Wayne McGregor | Random Dance has also performed in Russia, Israel, Japan, China, Malaysia, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Colombia, North America and Australia. In 2002 it became the first British dance company ever to tour central Asia and the Caucasus. The company has also made several television appearances including "Nemesis" (BBC4 2002), "Dice Life" (Channel 4, 2004), "Dyad 1909" (BBC4 2009), "Wayne McGregor - Going Somewhere" (Les Films Du Present) and "Wayne McGregor - A Moment In Time", a documentary by Catherine Maximoff for Arte France.
In 2003 McGregor was appointed Research Fellow of the Department of Neuroscience at the University of Cambridge. AtaXia (2004), arose from the six months he worked with the department exploring the interface between mind and body. "Amu" (2005), "Entity" (2008) and, "Dyad 1909" (2009), "FAR" (2010), "UNDANCE" (2011), and now "Atomos" (2013), have continued the company’s association with art and science collaborations. 

</doc>
<doc id="18541766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18541766" title="Trinity Square (Toronto)">
Trinity Square (Toronto)

Trinity Square is a public square in downtown Toronto, Ontario, Canada. It is bounded by the Toronto Eaton Centre, an office building known as Bell Trinity Square, and the Marriott Downtown Eaton Centre Hotel. The square's primary feature is the Anglican Church of the Holy Trinity. The Henry Scadding House and Holy Trinity Rectory are heritage buildings that are also located in the square. It includes a fountain and ornamental pond, and a labyrinth path. 
Trinity Square's primary street access is via James Street, which extends north from Queen Street between the Eaton Centre and Toronto's Old City Hall, although the square can also be accessed by walkways from Bay Street and Dundas Street, as well as through the Eaton Centre.
History.
The Square was once the Terauley estate of John Simcoe Macaulay (Terauley Cottage), which was acquired by his father James Macaulay in 1797. Macaulay sold his home and land in 1845, giving land for the construction of the Church of the Holy Trinity. By 1900, the area around the church became the Eaton's Annex. The site of Bell Trinity Square, an office building built in 1982 by John B. Parkin Associates, was once home to the 10 floor Eaton's House Furnishing Building, built in 1919. 
By the 1970s the Eaton's complex came down after a fire and demolition. The church and square were threatened by demolition to make way for the Toronto Eaton Centre. The parishioners of the church successfully resisted and forced the mall's design to be changed, preserving the church. Protests from Toronto citizens also led to the preservation of Old City Hall south of the square.
Design.
The landscaped square is paved with a combination of granite and precast concrete block pavers arranged in different patterns. Its walkways are lined with densely planted trees. There is a water feature consisting of a tall outlet of water falling from a wall into an ornamental pond. Water also flows through an artificial stream beside the walkway to Bay Street. This walkway is designed with the Church of the Holy Trinity as a terminating vista. It also extends views of the church to Hagerman Street on the north side of Toronto City Hall and to the podium of City Hall itself. At Bay Street, the walkway is flanked by two lanterns mounted on tall columns composed of exposed metal frames, painted blue. The columns are defined by three sections, with the widest at the bottom. They are positioned towards the edges of the walkway to compliment and frame the two towers of the Church of the Holy Trinity and to provide a formal entrance to the square.
Adjacent to the church is a clock tower similar in scale and construction to the columns at Bay Street. In addition, there are three large colonnade-like structures which serve as an entrance to the Toronto Public Labyrinth. The labyrinth is an ancient symbol dating back more than three thousand years. It is a universal symbol of pilgrimage and of our journey through life. A labyrinth has only one path and, unlike a maze, it has no dead ends. The labyrinth pattern at Trinity Square is based on the eleven-circuit labyrinth constructed at the Chartres Cathedral in France, completed in the 13th century. As many labyrinths are found near the water, this labyrinth is located on the former course of Taddle Creek, a stream that has been buried for more than one hundred and fifty years. The granite blocks that have been set into the paving at the entrance to the labyrinth and the nearby water feature in the square serve as reminders of this buried creek. The labyrinth is oriented in the direction of true north, as indicated by the directional lines created with the granite blocks.

</doc>
<doc id="18541768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18541768" title="Boulder Philharmonic Orchestra">
Boulder Philharmonic Orchestra

The Boulder Philharmonic Orchestra, founded in 1958, is a fully professional orchestra based in Boulder, Colorado. It is the successor to the Civic Symphony Orchestra, and it is directed by Michael Butterman. The Boulder Philharmonic’s season includes classical, Pops, and family concert series, as well as an annual “Nutcracker” performance with the Boulder Ballet.
History.
The Early Years: 1893-1957.
While the Boulder Philharmonic was founded in 1958, its roots begin in 1893 as a small group of Boulder musicians calling themselves the Philharmonic Club started performing an annual concert that gradually grew in popularity. In 1941 the Civic Symphony Orchestra was founded as one phase of a recreational program in a plan adopted by the city council. Hugh McMillen, director of bands at the University of Colorado at Boulder conducted the first free orchestra at Boulder High School auditorium, a tradition that would continue in 1943 and 1944. The loss of personnel due to WWII, however, would cause the orchestra to disband.
The “Renaissance” Years: 1957-1972.
Violinist Elinor Winchester and volunteer musicians revived the orchestra in March 1957. Thomas Facey, conductor of the Golden Symphony, served as musical director. During this time the orchestra was an ensemble made up of amateurs as well as a few professional musicians from the Boulder-Denver area. In 1958 Facey resigned and Dr. Antonia Brico was named conductor. Pianist, graduate of the University of California Berkley, and the first woman to conduct the New York Philharmonic Orchestra, Brico saw developments such as the Young Artist Competition in 1959 and the inauguration of the Children’s Concert in 1960.
Brico resigned in 1964 and Ador Toth, CU Boulder associate professor of music and conductor of the university symphony orchestra, was named her successor. Toth requested a leave of absence in 1965 to tour with the Alma Trio, and invited his CU colleague, David Burge, to take over as conductor for the 1965-66 season. Burge was named permanent conductor of the Boulder Philharmonic after his first year.
In 1966 the Boulder Philharmonic Guild was founded. The purpose of the guild was to be an “auxiliary dedicated to assisting with the maintenance of the orchestra with service as well as with financial means.” That same year the organization started a spring plant sale which was a fundraiser that took place each year. In 1967 the orchestra received a grant from the Colorado Council on the Arts and Humanities, and in 1970 the Jr. Guild was founded. This group sponsored a flea market, a spring Philharmonic ball and Symphony Sunday at which time local downtown merchants shared Christmas sale profits with the orchestra.
Aside from a one year sabbatical to Copenhagen (during which James Stroud took over as conductor), Burge’s tenure would last until 1972, when he joined the faculty at the Eastman School of Music, and Oswald (Ozzi) Lehnert, violin virtuoso and professor, was named conductor and music director of the Boulder Philharmonic.
The Lehnert years: 1972-1996.
Under Lehnert, the Boulder Philharmonic saw many developments, such as new fundraising campaigns, free concert series, and a Tier II status from the Scientific and Cultural Facilities District. Also, during this time the Orchestra moved to Macky Auditorium, at the University of Colorado in Boulder. In 1990 the Boulder Arts Academy was founded as a community school under the direction of the Boulder Philharmonic.
1996–Present.
Between the years 1996 through the present, the Boulder Philharmonic Orchestra would become fully professional. In 1996 Theodore Kuchar was named music director of the Boulder Philharmonic, who founded the Sinfonia of Colorado, a classical chamber orchestra made up of Philharmonic musicians in 1997. In 1999 the Boulder Philharmonic became a part of an alliance organization called the Peak Association of the Arts, also known as PeakArts, which also included the Boulder Ballet, Sinfonia of Colorado and the Boulder Arts Academy. In 2001 Robert McAllister was named CEO and president of PeakArts, and in 2003 this association dissolved into two entities: Boulder Arts Academy / Boulder Ballet and the Boulder Philharmonic. 2003 would also be the year that Sue Levine was hired as the executive director of PeakArts.
Michael Butterman is currently the Music Director for both the Boulder Philharmonic and the Shreveport Symphony. He is also on the conducting staff of the Jacksonville Symphony and the Principal Conductor for Education and Outreach with the Rochester Philharmonic Orchestra.
The Boulder Philharmonic Orchestra celebrated its 50th anniversary with its 2007-2008 season.
Musicians.
"Music Director:"
"Violin I:"
"Violin II:"
"Flute:"
"Piccolo:"
"Oboe:"
"Horn:"
"Clarinet:"
"Bass Clarinet:"
"Bassoon:"
"Viola:"
"Cello:"
"Bass:"
"Trumpet:"
"Trombone:"
"Tuba:"
"Timpani:"
"Percussion:"
"Harp:"
"Piano:"
References.
Ruth Carmel Kahn. “50 years with the Boulder Philharmonic.” "Boulder Philharmonic Program Book." 2007-2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18541769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18541769" title="FIBA Europe Under-20 Championship for Women">
FIBA Europe Under-20 Championship for Women

FIBA Europe Under-20 Championship for Women, is a basketball competition inaugurated in 2000. Until 2004 it was held biannually, but from 2005 onwards it is held every year. The current champions are Spain.
Top Scorers (Points Per Game).
Here is a list of all Top Scorers of each EuroBasket edition.

</doc>
<doc id="18541778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18541778" title="I Can't Drive 55">
I Can't Drive 55

 
"I Can't Drive 55" was the lead single and first track from Sammy Hagar's eighth studio album "VOA" in 1984. Perpetuated by a very successful music video, it became a concert staple that continued throughout Sammy's tours as a member of Van Halen. The song is a reference to the National Maximum Speed Law in the United States, that originally set speed limits at .
It is the 100th song on VH1's 100 Greatest Hard Rock Songs.
Music video.
The song's music video was directed by Gil Bettman. The video was shot on location at the Saugus Speedway in Santa Clarita, California.
The song's video includes Sammy and his band being chased and jailed by the California Highway Patrol for traffic violations. The video shows Sammy driving a black Ferrari BB512i which is later tuned up by Sammy's mechanic, Claudio Zampolli. Claudio was driving the Ferrari during the video's opening shot, where the Ferrari fish-tails across the speedway. Sammy claims in the commentary for the video on the DVD, "The Long Road to Cabo" that he burned out his clutch during the video. Sammy drove a 512, but a 308 was also used. Sammy claims it cost him $5800 to fix.
A trial scene is presided over by a judge played in a cameo appearance by John Kalodner. The judge's props were borrowed from director Robert Zemeckis, who had filmed the movie, "Used Cars". Sets were built and the video was shot during the summer. There was no air conditioning in the jailhouse set, so the cast and crew were hot.
The yellow jumpsuit worn by Sammy in the video, can be seen at the New Orleans Hard Rock Cafe. A stuntman was used for Sammy's stunts. An exploding ramp was used to throw Sammy across the courtroom.
Additional placements.
The song has been a signature track for Hagar during and after his tenure with Van Halen, and is commonly used on TV programs and commercials related to automotive racing. Most recently, the song was featured in a NAPA Auto Parts commercial, where NASCAR drivers Michael Waltrip and teammate Dale Jarrett are asking Hagar to keep the noise down during a recording session; in response, Hagar asked Waltrip if he could drive faster. Waltrip's car number at the time of the 2007 commercial was #55 and he had failed to qualify for some races.
In 2001, NBC Sports had Hagar record a "corrected" version, now known as "I Can't Drive 65," reflecting the common 65 MPH speed limit on freeways, for use during Budweiser Pole Award presentations on Winston Cup Series broadcasts on NBC and TNT. It was used from 2001 to 2003 during the broadcasts.
The accelerated version of the song was also available as a download for "NHL Rivals 2004".
In 2008, Hagar recorded a newer version of the song that was used in "NASCAR Dirt to Daytona 2008" called "I can't drive 195," reflecting to the speeds used on NASCAR's biggest tracks Daytona and Talladega.
In 2011, the song became the opening theme for ESPN's NASCAR coverage for the 2011 season.
"I can't drive 55" was an achievement and Easter egg found in Forza Motorsport 4 for owning a Ferrari GTO, the car used in the music video.
The song also played in the 1989 science fiction movie "Back to the Future Part II".
Track listing.
Side A: "I Can't Drive 55" (Sammy Hagar) – 4:12<br>
Side B: "Dick In The Dirt" (Sammy Hagar) – 4:19

</doc>
<doc id="18541785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18541785" title="C.J.H. Bassett House">
C.J.H. Bassett House

C.J.H. Bassett House is a historic house located at 20 Chestnut Street in Taunton, Massachusetts. The house was built in 1851 for Charles Jarvis Hunt Bassett, a prominent Taunton attorney and president of the Taunton Bank. 
The house is a rare example in the city of a Gothic Revival residence. The 2-1/2 story frame house features an irregular plan and a belcast gable roof with Gothic Revival influenced vergeboards, incised and punched with quatrefoil motifs, and pointed arch dormer windows.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18541787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18541787" title="Copper sulfide">
Copper sulfide

Copper sulfides (British English spelling: copper sulphide) describe a family of chemical compounds and minerals with the formula CuxSy. Both minerals and synthetic materials comprise these compounds. Some copper sulfides are economically important ores.
Prominent copper sulfide minerals include Cu2S (chalcocite) and CuS (covellite). In the mining industry, the minerals bornite or chalcopyrite, which consist of mixed copper-iron sulfides, are often referred to as "copper sulfides". In chemistry, a "binary copper sulfide" is any binary chemical compound of the elements copper and sulfur. Whatever their source, copper sulfides vary widely in composition with 0.5 ≤ Cu/S ≤ 2, including numerous non-stoichiometric compounds.
Known copper sulfides.
The naturally occurring mineral binary compounds of copper and sulfur are listed below. Investigations of "blaubleibender covellite" (blue remaining covellite) formed by natural leaching of covellite (CuS) indicate that there are other metastable Cu-S phases still to be fully characterised.
Classes of copper sulfides.
Copper sulfides can be classified into three groups:
Monosulfides, 1.6 ≤ Cu/S ≤ 2: their crystal structures consist of isolated sulfide anions that are closely related to either hcp or fcc lattices, without any direct S-S bonds. The copper ions are distributed in a complicated manner over interstitial sites with both trigonal as well as distorted tetrahedral coordination and are rather mobile. Therefore, this group of copper sulfides shows ionic conductivity at slightly elevated temperatures. In addition, the majority of its members are semiconductors.
Mixed monosulfide and disulfide compounds of copper contain both monosulfide (S2−) as well as disulfide (S2)n− anions. Their crystal structures usually consist of alternating hexagonal layers of monosulfide and disulfide anions with Cu cations in trigonal and tetrahedral interstices. CuS, for example, can be written as Cu3(S2)S. Several nonstoichiometric compounds with Cu:S ratios between 1.0 and 1.4 also contain both monosulfide as well as disulfide ions. Depending on their composition, these copper sulfides are either semiconductors or metallic conductors.
At very high pressures, a copper disulfide, CuS2, can be synthesized. Its crystal structure is analogous to that of pyrite, with all sulfur atoms occurring as S-S units. Copper disulfide is a metallic conductor due to the incomplete occupancy of the sulfur p band.Different stoichiometric composition can be obtained by changing the red-ox atmosphere of the synthetic environment.
Oxidation states of copper and sulfur.
The bonding in copper sulfides cannot be correctly described in terms of a simple oxidation state formalism because the Cu-S bonds are somewhat covalent rather than ionic in character, and have a high degree of delocalization resulting in complicated electronic band structures. Although many textbooks (e.g.) give the mixed valence formula (Cu+)2(Cu2+)(S2–)(S2)2– for CuS, X-ray photoelectron spectroscopic data give strong evidence that, in terms of the simple oxidation state formalism, "all" the known copper sulfides should be considered as purely monovalent copper compounds, and more appropriate formulae would be (Cu+)3(S2–)(S2)– for CuS, and (Cu+)(S2)− for CuS2, respectively.
Further evidence that the assignment of the so-called "valence hole" should be to the S2 units in these two formulae is the length of the S-S bonds, which are significantly shorter in CuS (0.207 nm) and CuS2 (0.203 nm) than in the "classical" disulfide Fe2+(S2)2− (0.218 nm). This bond length difference has been ascribed to the higher bond order in (S-S)− compared to (S-S)2− due to electrons being removed from a π* antibonding orbital. NMR studies on CuS show that there are two distinct species of copper atom, one with a more metallic nature than the other. and this apparent discrepancy with the X-ray photo-electron spectrum data simply highlights the problem that NMR has in assigning oxidation states in a mixed-valence compound. The issue of the valence of copper in sulfides (as well as selenides and tellurides) continues to be revisited in the literature. A good example is a 2009 study of the ternary compound CuCo2S4 (a spinel mineral known as carrollite) that "was undertaken primarily to establish unequivocally the oxidation state of the Cu in the mineral" and concluded "that the experimental and simulated Cu L2,3 absorption spectra established an unequivocal oxidation state of CuI in the carrollite bulk".

</doc>
<doc id="18541796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18541796" title="12 cm Luftminenwerfer M 16">
12 cm Luftminenwerfer M 16

The 12 cm Luftminenwerfer M 16 (Pneumatic trench mortar) was a medium mortar used by Austria-Hungary in World War I. It was developed by Austria Metal Works in Brno from their earlier, rejected, 8 cm project. It was a rigid-recoil, smooth-bore, breech-loading design that had to be levered around to aim at new targets. It was very simple in that the shell closed the top of the chamber and was retained by a "gripper" until the air pressure was deemed sufficient and the gripper was manually released, which fired the weapon. An additional barrel could be fitted to extend the range. A cylinder of compressed air was good for eleven shots.
After an evaluation on 23 November 1915 it was deemed superior to the German designs already in service (10.5 cm Luftminenwerfer M 15 and 15 cm Luftminenwerfer M 15 M. E.) in range and accuracy and a batch of 100 mortars and 50,000 bombs was ordered at the beginning of 1916. Some 280 were at the front by the end of 1916 and 930 by the end of 1917. In addition to Austria Metal Works it was produced by Brand & L'Huillier and the machine factory at Brno-Köningsfeld. Some improvements must have been made over the course of the production run because late-war documents refer to the original design as the M 16a (alte?), but what exactly was changed is unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="18541806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18541806" title="2006 Next Generation Adelaide International – Doubles">
2006 Next Generation Adelaide International – Doubles

Jonathan Erlich and Andy Ram defeated Paul Hanley and Kevin Ullyett 7–6(7–4), 7–6(12–10) to secure the title.

</doc>
<doc id="18541808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18541808" title="Gokoku-ji (Okinawa)">
Gokoku-ji (Okinawa)

History.
The temple was first founded in 1367, by a Japanese monk from Satsuma province by the name of Raijū and with the patronage of the royal government of Chūzan, as a companion to the Naminoue Shrine already located on the bluff, overlooking the beach and ocean.
Centuries later, in 1846, the temple was taken over by the doctor and Christian missionary Bernard Jean Bettelheim, who occupied it for seven years, driving off Buddhist worshipers and the temple's rightful occupants. When his ship, the British "Starling", arrived at Naha, the Okinawan port master protested that the missionary should not be allowed to disembark. The "Starling"'s captain wished to go along with this, but Bettelheim made his way ashore anyway, through the use of a clever ruse, and ended up being offered shelter in the Gokoku-ji for that night; he would not leave for seven years. Turning away worshipers and monks alike by jokingly suggesting that they were trying to sneak an illicit peek at his wife, Bettelheim boarded up the temple's sanctuary and threw out much of what he called "the heathen furniture of idolatry". Despite repeated protests that this was a national temple, meant for public use, the missionary considered his hostile takeover a Christian victory over heathens.
The Ryukyuan royal government soon deemed it necessary to keep an eye on Bettelheim, who had become more than a nuisance, and a serious burden upon the local community. A guard post was erected just outside the temple grounds, and a detachment of men was assigned to both watch over the temple and to accompany the missionary as he traveled about the area.
When the American Commodore Matthew Perry arrived in 1853, Bettelheim served for a time as translator and intermediary. Over the missionary's objections, the Commodore established an American base within the grounds of the Gokoku-ji, including a fenced-off area for grazing cattle, something which drew strong protest from the Ryukyuan authorities. When Perry departed from his second visit to Okinawa a year later (having left and returned once in the interim), he was offered, among other gifts from the Kingdom to the United States, a temple bell from Shuri. This was found to be imperfect, so a bell from the Gokoku-ji was offered instead. This bell had been forged in 1456, during the reign of Shō Taikyū. The inscription upon it reads in part "May the sound of this bell shatter illusory dreams, perfect the souls of mankind, and enable the King and his subjects to live so virtuously that barbarians will find no occasion to invade the Kingdom." It being part of the Bettelheim residence, which had been desecrated and not used as a place of worship for roughly eight years, the Ryukyuan authorities were willing to part with it; Bettelheim likewise expressed in his diary elation at seeing the heathen temple further dismantled. Intended by Perry to be installed in or near the Washington Monument then under construction, the associated committee turned down the suggestion, and the bell was instead donated to the U.S. Naval Academy at Annapolis, where it was kept and rung in celebration of Navy victories in the annual Army–Navy football game, until it was finally returned to Japan in 1987.
Bettelheim left Okinawa with Perry, restoring the temple to its proper occupants and purpose. In 1871, a Ryukyuan ship was blown off course by a storm and landed on Taiwan where, following a conflict with local Paiwan aborigines, a number of Okinawans were killed. This became an international incident as Japan and China disagreed over the sovereignty of both Okinawa and Taiwan, and thus over whether China owed any form of restitution to Japan. The remains of the Okinawans killed were said to have been recovered and were buried at the Gokoku-ji, a grand ritual performed for them, who were said to have died in the service of the State.
Destroyed in the 1945 battle of Okinawa, the temple was rebuilt shortly afterwards and remains operational today. A stone erected in 1926 in memorial of Dr. Bettelheim also remains or has been reconstructed.

</doc>
<doc id="18541813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18541813" title="W.C. Beattie House">
W.C. Beattie House

W.C. Beattie House is a historic house located at 289 West Brittania Street in Taunton, Massachusetts. The house was built in 1882 for W.C. Beattie, a designer at Reed & Barton. It is among the best extant examples of a large-scale builder-produced Queen Anne residence in the city.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18541821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18541821" title="Blackinton Houses and Park">
Blackinton Houses and Park

Blackinton Houses and Park is a historic site at N. Main Street in Attleboro, Massachusetts.
The site was built in 1849 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="18541825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18541825" title="Copper(I) sulfide">
Copper(I) sulfide

Copper(I) sulfide is a copper sulfide, a chemical compound of copper and sulfur. It has the chemical compound Cu2S. It is found in nature as the mineral chalcocite. It has a narrow range of stoichiometry ranging from Cu1.997S to Cu2.000S.
Preparation and reactions.
Cu2S can be prepared by heating copper strongly in sulfur vapour or H2S. The reaction of copper powder in molten sulfur rapidly produces Cu2S, whereas pellets of copper require much higher temperature
Cu2S reacts with oxygen to form SO2:
In the production of copper two thirds of the molten copper sulfide is oxidised as above, and the Cu2O reacts with unoxidised Cu2S to give Cu metal:
Structure.
There are two forms of Cu2S a low temperature monoclinic form ("low-chalcocite") which has a complex structure with 96 copper atoms in the unit cell and a hexagonal form stable above 104°C. In this structure there are 24 crystallographically distinct Cu atoms and the structure has been described as approximating to a hexagonal close packed array of sulfur atoms with Cu atoms in planar 3 coordination. This structure was initially assigned an orthorhombic cell due to the twinning of the sample crystal.
There is also a crystallographically-distinct phase (the mineral djurleite) with stoichiometry Cu1.96S which is non-stoichiometric (range Cu1.934S-Cu1.965S) and has a monoclinic structure with 248 copper and 128 sulfur atoms in the unit cell. Cu2S and Cu1.96S are similar in appearance and hard to distinguish one from another.

</doc>
<doc id="18541840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18541840" title="Daniel Bliss Homestead">
Daniel Bliss Homestead

Daniel Bliss Homestead is a historic colonial farmhouse at 76 Homestead Avenue in Rehoboth, Massachusetts.
The Georgian era house was built in 1750 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="18541845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18541845" title="Abiah Bliss House">
Abiah Bliss House

Abiah Bliss House is a historic house at 154 Agricultural Avenue in Rehoboth, Massachusetts.
The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="18541847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18541847" title="Rocksteady Studios">
Rocksteady Studios

Rocksteady Studios is a British video game developer based in Highgate, London. The studio's titles are ', ', ' and '.
History.
Rocksteady Studios was founded in 2004 by Sefton Hill and Jamie Walker. The studio was acquired by Time Warner in February 2010. 
At the "2009 Spike Video Game Awards", Rocksteady Studios was named Studio of the Year.
Rocksteady Studios became renowned for its critically acclaimed Batman games "Batman: Arkham Asylum" and "Batman: Arkham City". Although a third Arkham game was developed, Rocksteady did not act as developer for the third game "", instead development was handled by Warner Bros. Games Montréal.
Review scores.
Rocksteady Studios

</doc>
<doc id="18541851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18541851" title="Heralds of the Gospel">
Heralds of the Gospel

The Heralds of the Gospel (, abbreviated to EP) is a Roman Catholic International Association of Pontifical Right based in Brazil. Founded by Msgr. João Scognamiglio Clá Dias, the organization is active in 78 countries.
History.
The Heralds of the Gospel is an International Association of Pontifical Right, the first established by the Holy See in the third millennium, on the liturgical feast of the Chair of St. Peter, February 22, 2001.
Consisting mainly of young people, this Association is established in 78 countries. Its members practice celibacy, and are entirely dedicated to apostolate, living in separate houses designated for young men and young women. Their life of recollection, study and prayer alternates with evangelizing activities in dioceses and parishes, with special emphasis placed on the formation of youth.
Spirituality.
The spirituality of the Heralds of the Gospel is based on three essential points: The Eucharist, the Virgin Mary and the Pope.
These points are represented in the emblem that distinguishes them. The three devotions can be seen in the symbol of the Heralds of the Gospel.
Their charism leads them to strive for perfection, while always searching for the pulchritude in all their daily actions.
Music.
Seeing in culture and art efficacious tools of evangelization, the Heralds of the Gospel characteristically place special emphasis on both choral and instrumental music. Hence, the Heralds have formed various choirs and symphonic bands to bring their message of faith, incentive and confidence to today’s humanity.
The principal musical ensemble of these neo-evangelizers – the International Choir and Symphonic Band – was started in São Paulo with members united from diverse nations. This musical ensemble has traveled numerous cities, states, countries and continents, giving presentations in churches, auditoriums and stadiums full of people thirsting for beauty and spirituality.
Societies of Apostolic Life.
As a further development of the charism, the family of the Heralds of the Gospel gave rise to two societies of apostolic life. Virgo Flos Carmeli the priestly branch of the Heralds was born in 2005 with the ordinations of the first 15 priests, including the founder of the Heralds of the Gospel. Regina Virginum the Feminine Branch was born later on Christmas of the same year. Both societies received papal approval in 2009, becoming a clerical society of apostolic life of pontifical right and a feminine society of apostolic life of pontifical right, respectively.
"Arising from within the Heralds of the Gospel, and sharing the same values, the two new societies of apostolic life, however, have distinct natures. Virgo Flos Carmeli – “Virgin Flower of Carmel”, in English – is characterized as a clerical society, in other words, consisting mainly of priests, while the society of apostolic life Regina Virginum – “Queen of Virgins” – is formed by women.
According to the Vatican decree, Virgo Flos Carmeli “is born amidst a loving and pertinacious catechesis on the Church and the Roman Pontiff, as well as respect for the importance of sacralization, to the greatest extent possible, of the values of temporal life.” 
The decree goes on to state that the society is characterized by the defense of orthodoxy, purity of customs and the spirit of hierarchy, “as well as the desire to rekindle in humanity the distinction between good and evil (...).”
Virgo Flos Carmeli was founded by Msgr. João Scognamiglio Clá Dias, E.P., founder and president of the Heralds of the Gospel, and was erected by the then Bishop of Avezzano, Italy, the Most Rev. Lucio Angelo Maria Renna, on June 15, 2006. The development of the Heralds of the Gospel, presently active in about 70 countries, led to the formation of the priestly branch and the later constitution of the Clerical Society.
Afterward, the Most Rev. José Maria Pinheiro, Bishop of Bragança Paulista, where the Motherhouse of the Society is presently located, requested Pontifical approval of Virgo Flos Carmeli from the Pope.
Regina Virginum, for its part, had its approval signed on April 26. According to the Vatican decree, the Society of Apostolic Life of Pontifical Right, also founded by Msgr. João Scognamiglio Clá Dias, “arose as an expression of the charism of the Heralds of the Gospel, applied to the specific conditions of feminine life, striving to manifest its own characteristics in a particular way within the secularised world.”

</doc>
<doc id="18541861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18541861" title="List of The Open Championship champions">
List of The Open Championship champions

The Open Championship is an annual golf competition that was established in 1860. It is played on the weekend of the third Friday in July, and is the third of the four major championships to be played each year. In addition, this championship is conducted by The Royal and Ancient Golf Club of St Andrews (R&A). The championship was not held in 1871 due to a disagreement over a new trophy, and from 1915 to 1919 and from 1940 to 1945 due to the First World War and Second World War respectively.
The reigning champion of the competition is automatically invited to play in the other three majors (Masters, the U.S. Open, and the PGA Championship) for the next five years. The prize of the tournament is the Golf Champion Trophy, commonly known as the Claret Jug, and the champion personally keeps the trophy until the next competition the following year. The champion also receives a gold medal, which they are allowed to keep permanently. Until 1870 the champion received the Challenge Belt, however when Tom Morris, Jr (more commonly known as Young Tom Morris) won the Open Championship three times in a row he won the belt outright, necessitating the need for a new trophy.
Harry Vardon holds the record for the most Open Championship victories, winning six times during his career. The oldest winner of the Open Championship is Tom Morris, Sr (or Old Tom Morris) who was 46 years and 99 days old when he won in 1867. His son, Tom Morris, Jr, is the youngest winner of the championship, he was 17 years and 181 days old when he won the 1868 Open Championship. He also won the most consecutive times with four victories (1868–72). Greg Norman holds the record for the lowest score over 72 holes, winning the Open Championship in 267 strokes in 1993. Tiger Woods holds the distinction of being the most strokes under par for 72 holes, he was 19 strokes under par (−19) when he won in 2000. The Open Championship was won wire-to-wire after 72-holes by six champions, who are the following: Ted Ray in 1912, Bobby Jones in 1927, Gene Sarazen in 1932, Henry Cotton in 1934, Tom Weiskopf in 1973, and Woods in 2005. Other players have led wire-to-wire if ties after a round are included, most recently Gary Player in the 1974 Open Championship.
References.
General
Specific

</doc>
<doc id="18541864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18541864" title="String Quartet No. 8 (Dvořák)">
String Quartet No. 8 (Dvořák)

Antonín Dvořák's String Quartet No. 8. in E major, Op. 80, (B. 57), is a chamber composition, written during 20 January and 4 February 1876 in Prague.
The work, originally marked as opus 27, was composed shortly after finishing the Piano trio in G minor (Op. 26), and before the beginning of the sketchings for the Stabat Mater cantata. 
The quartet was published in 1888 by Fritz Simrock in Berlin as opus 80, although Dvořák protested. The first performance took place on 29 December 1890 at the concert of the Joachim Quartet in Berlin, played by Joachim, Hegemeister, Wirth and Diepert.
Structure.
The composition consists of four movements:
The recent loss of Dvořák's second child is apparent in his works from this period. The quartet, like the Stabat Mater and Piano trio, is sad and nostalgic. Although nominally in a major key, themes are often presented in a minor key. The expression of melancholy and sorrow is apparent throughout the work.
A typical performance lasts about 28 minutes.
Recordings.
Dvořák: "Chamber Works Vol. 6." CD Supraphon. 11 1456-2 131. (Panocha Quartet)
References.
Antonín Dvořák: "Smyčcový kvartet E dur, Op. 80". (Score) Prague: SNKLHU, 1956. H 1835

</doc>
<doc id="18541865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18541865" title="Carpenter Homestead">
Carpenter Homestead

Carpenter Homestead is a historic colonial American house at 80 Walnut Street in Seekonk, Massachusetts. The house was built in 1720 and added to the National Historic Register in 1993. 

</doc>
<doc id="18541866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18541866" title="Roland Clift">
Roland Clift

Roland Clift, CBE is a chemical engineering professor widely known for his work and media contributions on the topic of sustainability.
Career.
Clift was born 19 November 1942 and studied Chemical Engineering at Cambridge (Trinity College), achieving first class honours in 1964. He received a PhD from McGill University in 1970 for work on particle-fluid interactions, and this was his main research area (at McGill and Cambridge then Surrey University) in subsequent years. He became Head of the Department of Chemical Engineering at Surrey in 1981.
His growing interest in the application of engineering principles to environmental issues led him in 1992 to establish the Centre for Environmental Strategy (CES) at the University of Surrey, a multidisciplinary group of engineers, scientists and social scientists. In this Centre he was an advocate of Clean Technology, Life Cycle Assessment and Sustainable Development. He is presently Professor Emeritus at the CES.
He has made a number of criticisms of government policy with respect to energy and the environment.
Positions.
Member, Royal Commission on Environmental Pollution (1996–2005). Visiting Professor in Environmental Systems Analysis at Chalmers University, Sweden. Expert Adviser to the House of Lords Science and Technology Committee enquiry into Energy Efficiency (2004-5). Member of the Science Advisory Council of the UK Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (Defra) (2006-). Vice-President of Environmental Protection UK. President of the International Society for Industrial Ecology 2009-10.
Honours.
He is a Fellow of the Institution of Chemical Engineers, the Royal Academy of Engineering and the Royal Society of Arts. In 1994 he was made an OBE for his initiative in promoting research in Clean Technology, and a CBE in 2006 for services to the environment. He received the Sir Frank Whittle Medal of the Royal Academy of Engineering for 2003, for 'an outstanding and sustained engineering achievement contributing to the well-being of the nation'. He received the 2007 Hanson Medal of the Institution of Chemical Engineers.

</doc>
<doc id="18541868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18541868" title="List of The Sandbaggers characters">
List of The Sandbaggers characters

This is a list of the main and recurring fictional characters from the Yorkshire Television espionage series, "The Sandbaggers".
Main characters.
Neil Burnside.
As Director of Operations ("D-Ops") of SIS, a former Sandbagger and Royal Marine commando, Neil D. Burnside is a career intelligence officer — devious and manipulative and by turns also dour, brusque, aggressive and independent-minded. This combination of traits frequently puts him in conflict with others. He is fiercely patriotic and devoted to the preservation of Britain's national security and "the destruction of the KGB". While the KGB makes life difficult enough for Burnside, he also gets plenty of antagonism from people who are supposedly on "his" side: his superiors in SIS, whom he alternately considers too cautious or too reckless; the self-serving politicians who grant or withhold permission for the covert operations Burnside wants to carry out; territory-hungry MI5 officers; and entrenched civil servants. Burnside is a teetotaler, choosing to drink Coca-cola rather than run the risk of having to make difficult professional decisions while under the influence of alcohol. The dedication to his job also cost Burnside his marriage some time before the first episode, and he has trouble forming close relationships. Despite his divorce, he remains quite friendly with his former father-in-law, Sir Geoffrey Wellingham, the Permanent Undersecretary of State at the Foreign and Commonwealth Office, which allows him to bypass both the Deputy Chief of SIS and C himself. The one major exception during the series involves Laura Dickens, whom he recruits as a Sandbagger. Burnside's subsequent attraction to her immediately becomes a source of tension between his usually non-existent personal life and his professional duties; this storyline fuels several episodes, and is resolved in a typically gritty fashion.
The series apparently begins not long after Burnside has become Director of Operations, and one running theme is the relatively high casualty rate that his directorate suffers with him in charge. While fiercely protective of his agents, especially from what he views as his superiors' willingness to squander their lives on unwise missions, Burnside is himself willing to use the Sandbaggers as pawns if doing so will protect Britain's national security interests. Burnside is played by Roy Marsden.
Willie Caine.
The senior Sandbagger (or "Sandbagger One") and head of the Special Operations Section, Caine is a former paratrooper and according to Burnside, possibly the best operative of his kind in the world. Grounded and straightforward where his boss is not, he is not afraid to speak his mind, but remains steadfastly loyal to Burnside despite the latter's maneuverings. Although he dislikes both violence and guns, he is prepared to use them when necessary. Besides Burnside, Caine is the only character who appears in every episode of the series. The character is played by Ray Lonnen.
Sir James Greenley.
The Head of SIS when the series begins, code-named "C". A diplomat by training, Greenley was treated with suspicion by Burnside when he first became "C." But Burnside comes to both trust and become fond of Greenley, who has the difficult task of balancing political as well as security concerns. Greenley is almost a paternal figure to Burnside, often protecting him from the consequences of his worst instincts and keeping the peace between Burnside and Matthew Peele, the deputy head. Burnside is disappointed to see him replaced, in "Operation Kingmaker," by the less benevolent John Tower Gibbs (Dennis Burgess). Greenley is played by Richard Vernon.
Sir Geoffrey Wellingham.
Sir Geoffrey Wellingham, KCMG, DSC is the Permanent Undersecretary of State at the Foreign and Commonwealth Office that oversees SIS. As such, he represents the political side of things and is even more cynical and better-versed in "realpolitik" than Burnside, who is by no means an idealist. As Burnside's former father-in-law (the show often refers to Burnside's former wife Belinda but we never see her on-screen other than via a photograph in Burnside's home), he is also Burnside's contact within Whitehall, and the two both share information and use each other. This avenue of communication is somewhat outside regular channels, and although it can be a useful one for both Burnside and the SIS, on occasion Burnside's superiors show signs of resenting his relationship with Wellingham. Burnside suggests in one episode that the reason the two get along so well is because Wellingham sees a younger version of himself in Burnside. Despite their relationship, the two men can occasionally become adversaries when their agendas differ. Due to his background, experience, and position, Wellingham can be a formidable opponent for Burnside and reminds him of that more than once. Wellingham is played by Alan MacNaughtan.
Matthew Peele.
The Deputy Head of SIS and, like Burnside, a career intelligence officer and a former Head of Station. Unlike Burnside, however, Peele has less field experience and is more concerned with going by the book and furthering his own ambitions to higher rank. As a result, Peele often opposes what he sees as Burnside's recklessness, contempt for the proper chain of command and lack of political tact. He is disliked within the department and considered a tyrant with no opinions of his own. Peele, however, is a more complex character than he seems, and in his own way just as committed to the security of Britain as Burnside. Peele is played by Jerome Willis.
Jeff Ross.
The head of the CIA's London station, Ross is probably Burnside's closest friend. The two often have lunch and work together to preserve the "special relationship" between the two intelligence agencies. Ross also takes a keen interest in Burnside's personal life and often urges his friend to actually have one. The close relationship between the two, however, does not prevent Ross from using Burnside and the SIS on at least one occasion. In some episodes, Burnside and Ross are even working at cross-purposes. He is played by Bob Sherman.
Other characters.
The junior Sandbaggers — many of whom are killed, and some of whom appear in just one or two episodes — are Jake Landy (David Glyder), Alan Denson (Steven Grives), Laura Dickens (Diane Keen), Tom Elliot (David Beames), and Mike Wallace (Michael Cashman). Burnside's capable personal assistant is Diane Lawler (Elizabeth Bennett), who is replaced in "Operation Kingmaker" by Marianne Straker (Sue Holderness). Karen Milner (Jana Sheldon) is a CIA field officer who reports to Jeff Ross and sometimes works alongside one or more of Burnside's Sandbaggers on assignments.
Edward Tyler (Peter Laird), the SIS Director of Intelligence, revealed himself to have been a double agent for 23 years in the third series, when he had asked the KGB to lift him in Malta. He committed suicide using a KGB-provided cyanide pill after confessing his regrets to Burnside, who had come planning to assassinate him.

</doc>
<doc id="18541869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18541869" title="St. Abraam Coptic Orthodox Church (Woodbury, New York)">
St. Abraam Coptic Orthodox Church (Woodbury, New York)

St Abraam Coptic Orthodox Church (Coptic: // transliteration: "ti.eklyseya en.remenkimi en.orthodoxos ente fi.ethowab Abra'am") is a Coptic Orthodox parish in Woodbury, New York. It is one of over 200 Coptic Orthodox Churches in the United States.
History of the Building.
St. Abraam's Church was incorporated by 20 families residing in Long Island on January 1978, only five years after the first Coptic Orthodox parishes in New York were founded in Ridgewood, Queens and Brooklyn, New York. For over a decade, these families used a Ukrainian church in Hicksville for accommodating weekly Liturgies. In September 1989, HH Pope Shenouda III blessed the endowned lands in preparation for building the church.
After the church was built in 1990, in a pastoral visit by HH Pope Shenouda, the parish was consecrated in January of the following year. It was the first Coptic Orthodox Church in Long Island, New York.
St. Abraam's Church serves areas in and around Long Island, particularly in Nassau County, which is just east of Queens borough. The closest Coptic Orthodox parish is St. Mary & St. Antonios Coptic Orthodox Church, in Ridgewood, Queens. St. Abraam Church was served by multiple priests such as Fr Micheal Tobia of East Brunswick NJ, Fr. Marcos Ghaly of Toledo, Ohio, as the Coptic Orthodox clergy in North America often visit or temporarily serve churches that are still developing. However, from recent years, Fr. Girgis Tadros was made a permanent priest of the church up until now. St. Abraam's Church currently has two priests, Fr. Girgis Tadros, and, as of September 2008, Fr. Moussa Shafik. There are currently about 300 Coptic families served by St. Abraam's Church.

</doc>
<doc id="18541878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18541878" title="Carpenter House (Rehoboth, Massachusetts)">
Carpenter House (Rehoboth, Massachusetts)

Carpenter House is a historic house at 89 Carpenter Street in Rehoboth, Massachusetts.
The house was built in 1789 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
See also.
Three Carpenter family houses in Rehoboth are listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places: Christopher Carpenter House, Col. Thomas Carpenter III House, and Carpenter House

</doc>
<doc id="18541880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18541880" title="Sweeper (association football)">
Sweeper (association football)

The sweeper is a defensive position in football, so called because their job is to 'sweep up' the ball before it can go into the goal. It was most commonly used by football teams in Europe until the 1990s. While the position usually has solely defensive duties, Franz Beckenbauer, one of the most notable sweepers, became famous for adding an offensive component to the role.
It is generally considered a highly specialised position. The sweeper is usually placed between the goal keeper and the defensive line.
The sweeper is sometimes also called 'libero' from the Italian word for 'free'.

</doc>
<doc id="18541885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18541885" title="Christopher Carpenter House">
Christopher Carpenter House

Christopher Carpenter House is a historic house at 60 Carpenter Street in Rehoboth, Massachusetts.
The house was built in 1800 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
See also.
Three Carpenter family houses in Rehoboth are listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places: Christopher Carpenter House, Col. Thomas Carpenter III House, and Carpenter House

</doc>
<doc id="18541890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18541890" title="Martin Kosleck">
Martin Kosleck

Martin Kosleck (March 24, 1904 – January 15, 1994) was a German film actor. Like many other German actors, he fled when the Nazis came to power. Inspired by his deep hatred of Adolf Hitler and the Nazis, Kosleck would make a career in Hollywood playing villainous Nazis in films. While in the United States, he would appear in more than 80 films and television shows in a 46-year span. His icy demeanor and piercing stare on screen made him a popular choice to play Nazi villains. He portrayed Joseph Goebbels, Adolf Hitler's propaganda minister, five times, and also appeared as an SS trooper and a concentration camp officer.
Early life.
Kosleck was born Nicolaie Yoshkin in Barkotzen in Pomerania, Germany, the son of a forester. His family was "German-Russian". He became interested in acting at an early age. He spent six years in the Max Reinhardt Dramatic School, particularly excelling in Shakespearian roles, and working in revues and musicals in Berlin.
At the age of 23, he appeared in his first film, a silent movie directed by Johannes Brandt called "Der Fahnenträger von Sedan". Two years later he appeared in Lupo Pick's "Napoleon auf St. Helena". Kosleck would appear in two more films in Germany in 1930; the science-fiction thriller "Alraune" (his first sound film) and "Die Singende Stadt".
Hollywood.
In the early 1930s, Hitler and the Nazi Party were growing in power. Kosleck spoke out against both and decided to leave Germany in 1931 for Britain. The following year, he arrived in New York and then traveled west to Hollywood. In 1933, when Hitler and the Nazi Party came to power, because of his opposition to the Nazis, Kosleck was placed on the Gestapo list of "undesirables".
He appeared in his first American film "Fashions of 1934" starring Bette Davis. However, he found little work in Hollywood, so he returned to New York and the stage. While Kosleck was acting in "The Merchant of Venice" on Broadway, Anatole Litvak invited him to Hollywood for a role in a Warner Brothers film. The highly controversial "Confessions of a Nazi Spy", starring Edward G. Robinson, Francis Lederer, Paul Lukas and George Sanders, was based on "The Nazi Spy Conspiracy in America", a book by Leon Turron, an FBI agent who had uncovered the network of Nazi organizations throughout the United States. Kosleck, in a small role playing Nazi Propaganda Minister Joseph Goebbels, revealed a sinister streak of evil that would be sought after in wartime movies to come.
Many other German actors at the time resented being typecast as Nazis, Kosleck on the other hand reveled in it as a way to get back at the Nazis. He appeared in numerous anti-Nazi films of the early 1940s: "Nurse Edith Cavell", "Espionage Agent", "Underground", "Berlin Correspondent", "Bomber's Moon" and "Chetniks! The Fighting Guerrillas". However, it was his impression of Goebbels that will remain in the memories of moviegoers, especially in Paramount's 1944 pseudo-documentary "The Hitler Gang".
With the end of the Second World War, roles as Nazis declined. Kosleck then moved into B horror films, such as "The Frozen Ghost" and "The Mummy's Curse" (both starring Lon Chaney Jr., whom Kosleck disliked intensely), "House of Horrors" and "She-Wolf of London", starring June Lockhart. "The House of Horrors" gave him his best-remembered role beyond Goebbels, as an insane sculptor, Marcel De Lange, who saves a monster from drowning and gets revenge by having the monster kill his critics.
Television.
With fewer film opportunities presenting themselves, Kosleck returned to New York City with his wife, the German-born actress Eleonore von Mendelssohn, a descendant of Moses Mendelssohn. Kosleck appeared on Broadway in "The Madwoman of Chaillot" in the late 1940s and early 1950s. He would also appear on television as guests in episodes of numerous shows. In 1951, he appeared in the "I Lift Up My Lamp" episode of "Hallmark Hall of Fame", a television anthology of plays and books. Throughout the 1950s and 1960s, he would appear in television episodes of "The Motorola Television Hour", where he played Goebbels again, "Studio One", "Thriller", "The Rifleman", "Voyage to the Bottom of the Sea", "The Outer Limits", "Get Smart", "Batman" (playing Professor Avery Evans Charm), "The Man from U.N.C.L.E.", "The F.B.I.", "The Wild Wild West", "" and "It Takes a Thief".
In 1970, Kosleck played a Gestapo general in the television comedy "Hogan's Heroes". He suffered from a heart attack in the 1970s, and thereafter worked only occasionally, mostly in television. During this time, he appeared in "Love, American Style", "Banacek" and "Sanford and Son". In 1980, he appeared in his last film, "The Man with Bogart's Face".
Aside from acting, Kosleck was an accomplished painter who supported himself through his work as a portrait artist while waiting for a movie role. An impressionist-style portrait-painter, he painted both Bette Davis and Marlene Dietrich.
Latter life.
In 1951, his wife committed suicide. Kosleck died at age 89, following abdominal surgery, in a Santa Monica convalescent home.

</doc>
<doc id="18541893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18541893" title="Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Guwahati">
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Guwahati

The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Guwahati () is an archdiocese located in the city of Guwahati in India.

</doc>
<doc id="18541896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18541896" title="Col. Thomas Carpenter III House">
Col. Thomas Carpenter III House

Col. Thomas Carpenter III House is a historic house at 77 Bay State Road in Rehoboth, Massachusetts.
The Georgian architecture style house was built in 1755 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
Family.
Thomas Carpenter was born October 24, 1733 in Rehoboth, Bristol County, Massachusetts and died April 26, 1807 in Rehoboth. He married on December 26, 1754, Elizabeth Moulton (born 1736 Bristol County, Massachusetts, died May 17, 1804 in Rehoboth) and they moved into the newly built house now on 77 Bay State Road before it was fully finished in September 1755. On December 22, 1755 their first daughter Elizabeth was born in their new home.
By August 1776 they would have twelve children born in the now historic house. Unfortunately, several children would also die within the walls of their home. These were an unknown child in 1759, Sarah in 1775 who was age 15, William in 1763 as an infant, James in 1764 as an infant, and Nathan in 1772 who died as an infant. Another Nathan, age 12½, in 1789 may have died due to an accident outside the house. Those children who reached maturity were Elizabeth (born 1755), Thomas (born 1758), Stephen (born 1765), James (born 1767), Rebecca (born 1769), and Peter (born 1772).
Colonel Thomas Carpenter was the son of Thomas Carpenter (born 1692 and died 1779 in Rehoboth) and Mary Barstow (born about 1696 and died 1783 in Rehoboth) and he was the great great grandson of the William Carpenter the immigrant who was born in England in 1605 of the Rehoboth Carpenter family).
See also.
Three Carpenter family houses in Rehoboth are listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places: Christopher Carpenter House, Col. Thomas Carpenter III House, and Carpenter House.

</doc>
<doc id="18541909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18541909" title="Jens Lien">
Jens Lien

Jens Lien (born 14 September 1967) is a Norwegian film director. He graduated from the London International Film School in 1993. His graduation project was the short film "Montana", that was featured at the short film festival in Grimstad that year. in 1995 he again participated in this festival, with the entry "Mitt elektriske kjøkken" (My Electrical Kitchen). Lien went on to make the short films "Døren som ikke smakk" (Shut the Door, 2000) og "Naturlige Briller" (Natural Glasses, 2001). Both of these films were based on scripts by Per Schreiner, and both were featured at the Cannes International Film Festival. In addition to this Lien has also made a number of advertisements.
In 2003 he had his feature film debut with the movie "Jonny Vang". The movie was selected for the Berlin Film festival. The movie was awarded an Amanda Award for "Best Actor" (Aksel Hennie) in 2003. It was also nominated in the category "Best Film", but lost out to Bent Hamer's "Salmer fra kjøkkenet". Lien's next major film project was "Den brysomme mannen" (2006). This film was again the result of a cooperation with Per Schreiner; it was based on a story originally written for radio theatre, recorded two years before it was adapted for the screen. Lien later said in an interview that the script made such a great impression on him that he was unable to sleep after first reading it. The film was awarded three Amandas in 2006: for "Best Direction", "Best Screenplay" and "Best Actor" (Trond Fausa Aurvåg). It was also nominated in the categories "Best Film" and "Best Actress" (Petronella Barker). "Den brysomme mannen" has won more than 20 international awards, including the ACID Award (Agence du Cinéma Indépendant pour sa Diffusion) at the Cannes Film Festival.
In 2011 his next feature film "Sønner av Norge" (Sons of Norway) premiered at Toronto film festival. The film has a cameo performance by John Lydon (aka Johnny Rotten). The film premiered in Norway at the same time.

</doc>
<doc id="18541914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18541914" title="Samuel Colby House">
Samuel Colby House

Samuel Colby House is a historic house located at 74 Winthrop Street in Taunton, Massachusetts. The house was built in 1869 for Samuel Colby, a manufacturer and retailer of men's and boy's clothing who operated a store in the Union Block in downtown Taunton.
The house contains a blend of Italianate and Stick style elements. Its low-pitched roof is capped by a large cupola.
The Colby house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18541920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18541920" title="Benjamin Cole House">
Benjamin Cole House

Benjamin Cole House is a historic house at 412 Old Warren Road in Swansea, Massachusetts, United States. The house was built in 1701 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18541921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18541921" title="Tom Butterfield">
Tom Butterfield

Tommy Butterfield born 16 April 1988 in Alotau, Papua New Guinea is a rugby league player for the Redcliffe Dolphins in the Queensland Cup. He plays as a hooker. He is a Papua New Guinea international and was previously contracted to the Brisbane Broncos in the National Rugby League.
Early years.
Butterfield attended Redcliffe State High School and the University of the Sunshine Coast.
Playing career.
Butterfield was a Redcliffe Dolphins junior and currently plays for the club in the Queensland Cup.
In 2012 he was approached by Whitehaven RLFC but the club failed to get Rugby Football League approval.
Representative career.
Butterfield toured Europe with Papua New Guinea in 2007.
He was named in the Papua New Guinea training squad for the 2008 World Cup, but did not make the final squad.
In 2009 he played for PNG against Australia's Prime Minister’s XIII.
In 2010 he played for Australian Universities Rugby League when they toured England and France.

</doc>
<doc id="18541931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18541931" title="Commonwealth Avenue Historic District (North Attleborough, Massachusetts)">
Commonwealth Avenue Historic District (North Attleborough, Massachusetts)

Commonwealth Avenue Historic District is a historic district on Commonwealth Avenue on the north side from Stanley Street to beyond Robinson Street in North Attleborough, Massachusetts.
The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="18541940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18541940" title="Number One Beautiful">
Number One Beautiful

Number One Beautiful is the debut album from On Broken Wings, released in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="18541945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18541945" title="Annaberg Historic District">
Annaberg Historic District

Annaberg Historic District is a historic section of Saint John, United States Virgin Islands where the Annaberg sugar plantation ruins are located. The district is located on the north shore of the island west of Mary's Point in the Maho Bay quarter.

</doc>
<doc id="18541946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18541946" title="Cottage-Freeman Historic District">
Cottage-Freeman Historic District

Cottage-Freeman Historic District is a historic district on Cottage St. Freeman St., from Commonwealth Ave. to Ten Mile River and Park Lane in North Attleborough, Massachusetts.
The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="18541948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18541948" title="Coville">
Coville

Coville may refer :

</doc>
<doc id="18541949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18541949" title="Phenalene">
Phenalene

Phenalene is a polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH). Like many PAHs, it is an atmospheric pollutant formed during the combustion of fossil fuels.

</doc>
<doc id="18541954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18541954" title="Galveston (disambiguation)">
Galveston (disambiguation)

Galveston, Texas is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.
Galveston may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18541965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18541965" title="Korean Language Proficiency Test">
Korean Language Proficiency Test

The Korean Language Proficiency Test, () or KLPT, tests people who are not native speakers of Korean on their grasp of the language. The goal is to determine whether the test-taker is proficient enough to live in Korea, work as an employee at a Korean company, etc. The Basic-KLPT, or B-KLPT, is also offered; this version of the test simply "assesses whether or not examinees have basic communication ability."

</doc>
<doc id="18541974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18541974" title="County Street Historic District">
County Street Historic District

County Street Historic District is a historic district roughly bounded by Acushnet, Page, Middle, and Bedford streets (both sides) in New Bedford, Massachusetts, USA.
The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="18541990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18541990" title="Emanuel Grim">
Emanuel Grim

Emanuel Grim (1 January 1883 – 18 October 1950) was a Polish Catholic priest, writer and journalist from the region of Cieszyn Silesia. He was one of the most important figures of the Polish-Catholic political camp in Cieszyn Silesia in the interwar period.
He was born in the coal mining town of Karviná to a coal miner's family. Grim graduated in 1904 from Polish gymnasium in Cieszyn and later studied theological studies in Vidnava and Wrocław and on 23 August 1908 was ordained as a Catholic priest. Grim later worked as a vicar in Rychvald, Zebrzydowice, Jablunkov, Cieszyn and Brenna. He later worked as a priest in Górki Wielkie and then, in 1917-1935 and 1937-1950 in Istebna. Grim also worked briefly in 1935-1937 in Skoczów.
Grim was a member of several organizations, including "Związek Śląskich Katolików" (Association of Silesian Catholics), of which he was a chairman in 1929-1939.
Grim was active not only in spiritual and political life of Cieszyn Silesia but also published his works in "Zaranie Śląskie" and "Gwiazdka Cieszyńska" magazines (for long time under pen name "Ślązak") and wrote several books. In his works Grim often observes the life of Gorals from Istebna and appreciates their traditions and the beauty of the Silesian Beskids mountain range. Grim was a Polish patriot, stood against the policies of Germanization and Czechization; and always connected the fate of Cieszyn Silesia with the fate of whole Silesia and Poland. Religious motives can also be found in his works. He also organized amateur theatre plays.
Grim died on 18 October 1950 in Cieszyn and is buried in Istebna.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="18542004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18542004" title="The New York Times Non-Fiction Best Sellers of 2004">
The New York Times Non-Fiction Best Sellers of 2004

This is a list of adult non-fiction books that topped "The New York Times" Non-Fiction Best Seller list in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="18542011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18542011" title="Sven O. Kullander">
Sven O. Kullander

Sven Oscar Kullander (born in Sollefteå, 1952) is a Swedish biologist specialised in ichthyology.
He primarily researches cichlids – notably the genus "Apistogramma" and the "Cichlasoma"-complex – and other tropical fresh water fishes.
He also has been working with endangered fish species in Sweden.
He studied at the universities of Umeå and Stockholm, and took his Ph.D. in Stockholm in 1984. He is currently senior curator at the Swedish Museum of Natural History in Stockholm, with the responsibility for the ichthyologic and herpetologic collections. Kullander also coordinates the museum's contributions to FishBase.
Kullander has produced more than 100 scientific and popular publications on fishes, and described many groups and new species of cichlids. 
The Swedish aquarists' magazine "Tidskriften Akvariet" gave him "Akvariets Oscar" ("the Aquarium Academy Award") in 1996 for his great contribution to the aquarium hobby. His wife Fang Fang Kullander (1962–2010) was also an ichthyologist at the Swedish Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="18542033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18542033" title="Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Madras and Mylapore">
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Madras and Mylapore

The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Madras and Mylapore/Madras and Myliapor () is an archdiocese based in the city of Madras (now "Chennai"), in India. It took also the name of the ancient diocese of Mylapore, now a suburb of Chennai.

</doc>
<doc id="18542035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18542035" title="20 cm Luftminenwerfer M 16">
20 cm Luftminenwerfer M 16

The 20 cm Luftminenwerfer M 16 (Pneumatic trench mortar) was a heavy mortar used by Austria-Hungary in World War I. It was developed by Austria Metal Works in Brno from their earlier 12 cm Luftminenwerfer M 16. It was a rigid-recoil, smooth-bore, muzzle-loading design that had to be levered around to aim at new targets. It was very simple in that the shell closed the top of the chamber and was retained by a "gripper" until the air pressure was deemed sufficient and the gripper was manually released, which fired the weapon. The barrel was fixed at 45° elevation and range was adjusted by varying the air pressure, but an additional barrel could be fitted to extend the range. A single cylinder of compressed air was only good for four to six shots. It was loaded onto a two-wheel cart for transport.
20 were ordered at the end of May 1916 after trials in the spring. Another 80 were ordered in November 1916. In service it was not as successful as its smaller brother due to its greater weight and much greater requirement for compressed air. It was superseded by the 26 cm Minenwerfer M 17.

</doc>
<doc id="18542058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18542058" title="Boulsin, Boulkiemdé">
Boulsin, Boulkiemdé

Boulsin is a town in the Koudougou Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 1,807.

</doc>
<doc id="18542071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18542071" title="Building the Great Pyramid">
Building the Great Pyramid

Pyramid aka Building the Great Pyramid is a 2002 BBC Television documentary film which tells the story of the building of the Great Pyramid at Giza through the commentary of the fictional builder, Nakht.
Production.
The film was produced by the BBC in co-production with the Discovery Channel and NDR.

</doc>
<doc id="18542082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18542082" title="Honorary Medal for Charitable Assistance">
Honorary Medal for Charitable Assistance

The Honorary Medal for Charitable Assistance () was created at 18 June 1822 and is after the Military William Order the oldest decoration for bravery in the Kingdom of the Netherlands. Furthermore, the Honorary Medal is the highest civilian decoration still being awarded for bravery, and is specifically for those who carried out a voluntary act of bravery or self-sacrifice, with an emphasis on charity.
The medal can be awarded in gold, silver or bronze. Awarding is on basis by nomination of the Netherlands government and by royal decree. The golden medal has precedence only after the Dutch Cross of Resistance (also a civilian bravery decoration, but not awarded anymore), and the silver and bronze medals have precedence after the Airman's Cross (a military bravery award).
History of the medal.
Lieutenant Alexander de Langle was the first person to by awarded with this medal by saving in 1821 a sergeant who was stuck at the bottom of a well. Although he showed an act of bravery, King William I didn't find the act important enough to award the lieutenant with the important Military William Order, instead a new type of bravery award was created: the Honorary Medal for Charitable Assistance.
The first medal was roundish and showed the portrait of King William I. At the reverse side a laurel wreath was portrayed and some space was reserved for an inscription. It was not meant to wear the medal. The size of the medal was related to the value of the metal used: a diameter of 50, 41 or 35 millimeter for subsequently a bronze, silver or golden medal.
In 1825 King William I decided that noble and charitable acts of Dutchmans are awarded by charitable organisations and the acts of foreigners and soldiers by the king himself.
In 1837 King William II decided by royal decree that the size of the golden, silver and bronze medals would be all 50 millimeter. Also his portrait was put on the medals.
Since 1849 the portrait of King William III was shown on the medals and from 1875 a portrait of the older and bold King William III.
When Emma of Waldeck and Pyrmont became the queen regent of the Netherlands she decided to put on the medal the portrait of her minor daughter Queen Wilhelmina. In 1897 a new type of medal was created, the medal did get a ribbon to wear and also did get the same shape as the French "Medal of Saint Helena".
Since 1912 the medal has its current shape. The medal is ovally shaped with at the top a stylised royal crown. On the medal a mother with three children is portrayed. The motif is take from the city hall in Bolsward. At the reverse side the words "De koningin aan" () and also some space is reserved for an inscription. The medal is worn with an orange ribbon that has a red band in the middle. The medallion is today still award as gold, silver or bronze.
By decree in 15 April 1952 it was decided that the golden honorary medal has precedence just below the Dutch Cross of Resistance; herewith the golden Honorary Medal for Charitable Assistance is one the highest awards in the Netherlands. The silver and bronze honorary medals has lower precedence after the Airman's Cross.
Before or since World War II it was common to award the medal to sailors. During World War II the medal was primarily award by the Dutch government in exile to those British sailors who rescued Dutch victims from drowning by a shipwreck.
After the war the medal was significantly less awarded. In 1982 a soldier of the Royal Netherlands Air Force received the bronze medal, and in 2005 two silver medals were awarded to rescuers of the Royal Netherlands Sea Rescue Institution.
The medal was last awarded to five members of the Search and Rescue squadron 7 of the Royal Netherlands Navy, this because they saved the life of the captain and coxswain of an Iranian container ship. Silver medals were awarded on 29 May 2008 by the then Dutch Minister of Defence Eimert van Middelkoop.

</doc>
<doc id="18542097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18542097" title="Wagram Music">
Wagram Music

Wagram Music is a French independent record label located in Paris. It has a catalog in various music genres such as French Pop, Rock and Hard rock, Pop, World, electronic music, Reggae, Soul, Jazz and Blues. Represented artists include Jessy Matador, Caravan Palace and Corneille.

</doc>
<doc id="18542099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18542099" title="Doulou">
Doulou

Doulou is a town in the Koudougou Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 3,869. 

</doc>
<doc id="18542110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18542110" title="USS Catclaw (AN-60)">
USS Catclaw (AN-60)

USS "Catclaw" (AN-60/YN-81) was a which served with the U.S. Navy during World War II. "Catclaw" served in both the Atlantic Ocean and the Pacific Ocean theatres of the war. Post-war she was decommissioned in China, and transferred to the Republic of China.
Constructed in Maine.
"Catclaw" (YN-81) was launched 22 May 1943 by Snow Shipyards, Inc., Rockland, Maine; sponsored by Mrs. F. R. Draper: commissioned 14 January 1944, Lieutenant T. A. Wall, USNR, in command; and reclassified "AN-60" 20 January 1944.
World War II service.
Atlantic Ocean operations.
"Catclaw" reported at New London, Connecticut, 10 April 1944 to lay experimental underwater detection and sonar gear until 10 June. At Brooklyn Navy Yard, she was supplied with welding and diving equipment and had radar equipment installed.
"Catclaw" then sailed on 23 June for a month and a half of duty at Clyde, Scotland. On 20 August she arrived at Cherbourg, where she based until 14 September while laying moorings at Morlaix Roads for cargo ships bypassing the harbor at Brest. 
Through November, she played an essential part in the huge task of clearing the harbor of Le Havre, and after a month of operations at Plymouth, England, sailed for Charleston, South Carolina, 9 January 1945, aiding in the escort of a group of disabled ships including "LCT-421" which she took in tow.
Pacific Ocean operations.
After overhaul, "Catclaw" sailed from Charleston 15 February 1945 for San Diego, California, to load nets for Pearl Harbor. Here she had duty from 27 March until 25 May, when she cleared for Eniwetok and Guam to deliver nets. After receiving a new propeller at Guam, she sailed to Saipan and Okinawa, where from 13 July to 8 September she conducted salvage operations. 
From 10 September to 14 October, she laid harbor buoys and issued dry stores at Sasebo, then returned to Okinawa to load acoustic minesweeping equipment for use in Japanese waters. She operated to support minesweepers off northern Kyūshū through January 1946, then operated at Kobe until 14 March.
Post-war decommissioning.
"Catclaw" sailed then to Shanghai, where she was decommissioned 19 April 1946. The next day she was transferred to the U.S. Department of State for sale to the Republic of China.

</doc>
<doc id="18542112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18542112" title="Gninga">
Gninga

Gninga is a town in the Koudougou Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 2,490.

</doc>
<doc id="18542114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18542114" title="Prussian G 8.1">
Prussian G 8.1

The Prussian G 8.1 was a heavier, stronger development of the G 8 and was initially referred to as a 'strengthened standard class' ("Verstärkte Normalbauart"). 
History.
The engines were built by Robert Garbe between 1913 and 1921, and formed the largest class of state railway locomotives in Germany. The boiler was larger than that of the G 8, and the loco was deliberately designed to be heavier, so that it could haul even the heaviest trains without sanding, due to its higher adhesive weight. Because it had a high axle load, the G 8.1 could however only be used on main lines. In addition to its employment with heavy goods traffic, it was later used for heavy pusher duties as well.
A total of 4,958 engines alone were made for the Prussian state railways and, later, the Deutsche Reichsbahn. The Imperial Railways in Alsace-Lorraine were given 137 (see the Alsace-Lorraine G 8.1), 10 went to the Grand Duchy of Mecklenburg Friedrich-Franz Railway, 50 to the German military railways in the First World War, 6 or 10 to the "Gewerkschaft Deutscher Kaiser" coal mine at Duisburg and 185 were sold abroad to Poland, Romania and Sweden).
In 1925 the Reichsbahn took over 3,121 Prussian locomotives as Class 55.25–56 with operating numbers 55 2501–5622 (less 55 3367). The twelve Mecklenburg engines (two of which had been bought in 1920 by the Prussian state railways) were incorporated as Class 55.58 with the numbers 55 5801–5810 and 55 5851–5852. Included amongst the Prussian locomotives were also the ten G 8.1 from the Imperial Railways in Alsace-Lorraine. In 1935, 43 more locomotives came into the Reichsbahn fleet from the Saarland as numbers 55 5623–5665, the last of which came originally from the Alsace-Lorraine too. In the Second World War numerous locomotives from Poland and Lithuania were also designated as Class 55 engines. The engines taken over from Belgium were given the numbers 55 5666–5699. After 1945 the DR in East Germany added a further locomotive from Poland as 55 5898, and several from Belgium and France as 55 7251–7260 and 55 8170.
Between 1934 and 1941 a total of 691 G 8.1s were fitted with a leading axle in order to allow a higher top speed and to reduce the average axle load. The converted locomotives were redesignated as DRG Class 56.2–8.
More than 1,000 engines remained after the end of the Second World War. In 1968 the DR still had 150 locomotives, and the Deutsche Bundesbahn another 50, which they reclassified as Class 055 from 1968. The last G 8.1 with the DB, number 055 538-3, was taken out of service on 21 December 1972.
The vehicles were coupled with Prussian 3 T 16,5, 3 T 20 and 2'2' T 21,5 tenders.
Number 55 3345 (ex Cassel 5159) has been preserved. It was built in 1915 by Henschel and is today in the Bochum Dahlhausen Railway Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="18542124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18542124" title="Godin-Oualogtinga">
Godin-Oualogtinga

Godin-Oualogtinga is a town in the Koudougou Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 5,189.

</doc>
<doc id="18542132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18542132" title="Kamedji">
Kamedji

Kamedji is a town in the Koudougou Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 1,714.

</doc>
<doc id="18542140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18542140" title="Kikigogo">
Kikigogo

Kikigogo is a village in the Koudougou Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central Burkina Faso. The village has a population of 389.

</doc>
<doc id="18542148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18542148" title="MRT Yellow Line">
MRT Yellow Line

The Yellow MRT line is a planned elevated mass rapid transit line to be built in Bangkok, Thailand.
The 30.4 km long Yellow line will have 23 stations (3 of which will be built later) and cost 49 billion baht. It was originally proposed to be an underground and elevated heavy rail line. However, it now planned that it will be built as an elevated monorail line.
Once the Yellow Line is complete, a future extension may eventually be built from Samrong across the Chao Praya river to link with the MRT Purple Line at Rat Burana.
Alignment.
The Lat Phrao to Hua Mark section starts at the intersection of Ratachadapisek and Lat Phrao roads where the Yellow Line interchanges with the MRT Blue Line (Lat Phrao station). The line heads east along Lat Phrao road to Bangkapi junction where it will interchanges with the proposed Orange Line. The line then heads south along Srinagarindra rd to Hua Mark where it will interchange with the Airport Rail Link (Phattanakan station). (Phase I)
From Hua Mark the route continues south along Srinagarindra rd past Bangna-Trat rd all the way to Thepha Rak rd in Samut Prakhan Province. The Line then heads west along Thepha Rak rd before teminating at Samrong where it will interchange with the BTS Sukhumvit Line (extension under construction). (Phase II)
Progress.
In Dec 2011, the MRTA was instructed by the MOT to divide the Yellow Line into two Phases for tender and construction purposes and to control land appropriation costs. In June 2012, the MRTA contracted consultants to undertake detailed designs of the Yellow Line. In Feb 2013, OTP stated that the tender for the Yellow line should be ready by late 2013 for tender in early 2014 However, by August 2013 this timeline had changed to a mid 2014 tender date with construction due to start in 2015.
The line will be built in two phases and is planned to be completed by 2019.
Phase I will be from Latphrao (Y1) to Phattanakan (Y11). The rolling stock depot will be located at Hua Mark.
Phase II will be from Y12 to Y23.
List of planned stations.
The 30.4 km Yellow line will have 23 stations (3 to be built later) -
Potential Future Extension.
Once completed the Yellow Line will terminate at Samrong. A future extension from Samrong across the Chao Praya river to link with the MRT Purple Line at Rat Burana has been canvassed by OTP.

</doc>
<doc id="18542153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18542153" title="Kolgrogogo">
Kolgrogogo

Kolgrogogo is a town in the Koudougou Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 3,230.

</doc>
<doc id="18542167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18542167" title="Connecticut School of Broadcasting">
Connecticut School of Broadcasting

The Connecticut School of Broadcasting is a national career college based in Farmington, Connecticut, United States with a focus on Television and Radio certification and training in areas such as television anchoring, commercial radio performance and journalism including production. CSB ceased operation at all its campuses without prior warning and announced a bankruptcy filing on Wednesday March 4, 2009. The school reopened approximately 2 weeks after the closure, and was repurchased by its founder - Dick Robinson Media Inc. who resumed operations on May 19, 2009.
Overview.
Originally founded in 1964 by Dick Robinson as a small, private school in Connecticut, offering only minor classes in radio performance, CSB has grown to become one of the nation's leading educational institutes that maintained close ties to the world's leading media outlet corporations such as CBS, NBC, CNN and Clear Channel Communications.
Instructional methods.
Classes are taught by industry professionals who work in the business. The Connecticut School of Broadcasting uses a seasonal semester schedule, providing 8-week day and 16-week evening classes in March, July and November. The Charlotte campus has an extended curriculum including new media technology, lasting six to eight months. All schools teach with a hands on approach that helps adjust the student to a real world job environment.
Closure.
On March 4, 2009 the broadcasting school closed its doors after 45 years since its original opening in 1964. The reason cited was a weak economy. One day after shutting-down, the school filed for bankruptcy.
In May 2009, Dick Robinson purchased the school and it was reopened in June 2009.
Facilities.
The Connecticut School of Broadcasting chain of schools includes 12 campuses in the continental United States, primarily in larger cities, offering its alumni lifetime use of their equipment and studios. The following cities housed studios and classrooms owned by CSB:

</doc>
<doc id="18542169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18542169" title="Lattou">
Lattou

Lattou is a town in the Koudougou Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 3,256.

</doc>
<doc id="18542170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18542170" title="Prince Rostislav Romanov (born 1985)">
Prince Rostislav Romanov (born 1985)

Prince Rostislav Rostislavovich Romanov (born 21 May 1985) is a descendant of the former ruling Russian Imperial dynasty the House of Romanov. He is also known by the name ""Misha"".
Birth and family.
Prince Rostislav Rostislavovich was born in Lake Forest, Illinois the eldest son and second child of Prince Rostislav Rostislavovich and his second wife Christia Ipsen (b. 1949). He has an older sister Princess Alexandra (b. 1983) and a younger brother Prince Nikita (b. 1987). From his fathers first marriage to Stephena Verdel Cook, Prince Rostislav has an older half sister Princess Stephena (b. 1963). Rostislav belongs to the Mihailovichi branch of the Romanovs as a male line descendant of Grand Duke Michael Nikolaevich of Russia the youngest son of Emperor Nicholas I. He is also a descendant of Emperor Alexander II and Emperor Alexander III, being the great grandson of Grand Duchess Xenia Alexandrovna of Russia, the sister of the last Russian Emperor Nicholas II, and of her husband Grand Duke Alexander Mikhailovich of Russia.
Prince Rostislav has been a member of the Romanov Family Association since 1985, the year of his birth, and is currently a committee member for the period 2007 to 2013.
Death of father.
In 1998 Prince Rostislav visited Russia with his parents and siblings to attend the funeral of Emperor Nicholas II and his family. Six months later he died on 7 January 1999, during the Russian Christmas celebration. Though he had a cancer treatment, some speculate that, while in Russia he contracted a rare illness from the dust at the church where the funeral was held. This left Rostislav and his family facing financial difficulties due to the loss of his father's income. In order to provide for the family, Rostislav's mother turned an 18th-century mansion in Rye, East Sussex into a bed and breakfast. The mansion however was in a semi-derelict state and in need of renovation. As there was no kitchen to begin with, Rostislav and his siblings used to have to carry buckets of water up to the bathroom in order to wash the dishes in the bathtub. His widowed mother married David Whitney Erskine Russell the heir to the title Baron Ampthill on 6 July 2002.
Russian prince.
On 23 September 2006 Prince Rostislav was a guest at the divine service for his great-great grandmother the Dowager Empress Maria Feodorovna (born Princess Dagmar of Denmark) at Roskilde Cathedral in Denmark. Shortly after this, he attended the reburial of his great-great grandmother's remains in Russia where he announced he was considering moving to Russia. As one of the youngest male members of the Imperial Family, Rostislav could also one day be an heir to the Russian throne. As a descendant of the Electress Sophia of Hanover he is also in the Line of succession to the British throne.
In November 2007 Prince Rostislav was featured in a documentary produced by France 3 called ""Un nom en héritage, les Romanov"" where he was filmed visiting St. Petersburg the former Imperial capital. In July 2009 accompanying his cousin Prince Dimitri Romanovich, he attended events in St. Petersburg to commemorate the 91st anniversary of the murder of Nicholas II and his family. It was also announced that he had come to Russia in order to learn the language.
Current life.
Prince Rostislav is the only descendant of the former ruling Russian Imperial dynasty to have moved back to Russia in 2009. He currently resides in Moscow, where he is improving his Russian.
The president of the Romanov Family Association, Prince Nicholas, appointed him the official representative of the Association in Russia.
In 2010, Prince Rostislav was appointed Director of the Board of Russia’s oldest factory, founded by his ancestor Peter the Great: The Petrodvorets Watch Factory – Raketa. He is also advisor to the factory's Creative department.
Titles and styles.
"N.B. Since the Russian revolution members of the Romanov family have tended to use a princely title with the surname Romanov while keeping the appropriate style. However this title, and even his right to the surname Romanov are disputed."

</doc>
<doc id="18542190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18542190" title="Nayalgué, Boulkiemdé">
Nayalgué, Boulkiemdé

Nayalgué (or Nayalgay) is a town in the Koudougou Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 1,807.

</doc>
<doc id="18542207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18542207" title="Péyiri">
Péyiri

Péyiri is a town in the Koudougou Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 1,177.

</doc>
<doc id="18542216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18542216" title="Saria, Burkina Faso">
Saria, Burkina Faso

Saria, Burkina Faso is a town in the Koudougou Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 2,000.

</doc>
<doc id="18542227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18542227" title="Sigoghin">
Sigoghin

Sigoghin is a town in the Koudougou Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 13,528.

</doc>
<doc id="18542230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18542230" title="Blind Pilot">
Blind Pilot

Blind Pilot is an American indie folk band based in Portland, Oregon. Their debut album, "3 Rounds and a Sound", reached number 13 on the "Billboard" Top Digital Albums chart. 
History.
Beginning as an indie duo from Portland, Oregon.
On July 15, 2008, Blind Pilot released their debut CD "3 Rounds and a Sound" on Expunged Records. "Go On, Say It", was chosen to be a Single of the Week on July 7, 2008 on Apple Inc.'s iTunes Store.
On December 29, 2009, the band released an iTunes only live EP. This EP featured a cover of Gillian Welch's "Look at Miss Ohio". The EP also included new versions of previously released songs, along with a new song, titled "Get It Out". The EP was mixed and recorded by Tucker Martine, who has also mixed for The Decemberists, Death Cab for Cutie, and R.E.M. Blind Pilot also participated in iTunes live from SoHo in April 2009, but chose not to release the recordings.
Performance and touring history.
The band completed a bicycle tour in 2008, biking from Bellingham, Washington to San Diego, California, carrying their instruments on custom bicycle trailers they fashioned themselves. They made more than two dozen stops along the way, including Port Townsend, Seattle, Olympia, Portland, Corvallis, Eugene, Coos Bay, Arcata and Santa Cruz. 
In May 2009 and 2012, Blind Pilot performed at the Sasquatch! Music Festival at the Gorge Amphitheatre in George, Washington. In August 2009, the band performed at the Lollapalooza music festival in Chicago, Illinois, and the Outside Lands Music and Arts Festival in San Francisco, California.
In 2009, Blind Pilot added four more touring members, Luke Ydstie (upright bass, backing vocals), Kati Claborn (banjo, dulcimer, backing vocals), Ian Krist (vibraphones), and Dave Jorgensen (keyboards, trumpet), to match the sound of their album, "3 Rounds and a Sound".
The group made their network television debut on "Last Call with Carson Daly" on February 12, 2009 and started a new U.S. tour in March 2009, the first with the six-member lineup. They headlined in clubs across the country. The band also filled support slots for Langhorne Slim and Gomez on a handful of dates during this tour. In May 2009, the band traveled to Europe for a series of gigs opening for Counting Crows and The Hold Steady. Blind Pilot returned to the U.S. in June to join The Decemberists on the road as their opening act. They followed this run with another tour of clubs in the Northeast, Mid-West and Canada.
Blind Pilot completed a tour in July 2011 that included five Colorado stops; Winter Park (SolShine Festival and Smokin Moe's), Boulder (Chautauqua w/ Josh Ritter), Telluride (Sheridan Opera House), and Aspen (Belly Up) as well as Salt Lake and Santa Fe. Their second full-length album, "We Are the Tide", was released in September 2011.
On January 6th, 2012, the band made their second network television appearance when they performed "We Are The Tide" on the Late Show with David Letterman. 
On April 4th, 2012, the band appeared on the final episode of One Tree Hill where they performed their song 'Half Moon'.
On June 9th, 2012, the band performed at the Bonnaroo Music Festival in Manchester, 
TN, and on August 3, 2012, the band performed for the second time at Lollapalooza in Chicago, IL.
In November 2012, Blind Pilot opened for Calexico on their European tour including stops in Madrid, Barcelona, Milan, Bologna, Leipzig, Wiesbaden, Amsterdam, Massy, Zagreb, Munich and Athens.
On January 25, 2013, Blind Pilot performed "Half Moon" on "Ellen" and was introduced as one of Ellen's favourite bands during her birthday episode.
Discography.
Drummer Ryan Dobrowski did the artwork for both "3 Rounds and a Sound" and "We Are the Tide".

</doc>
<doc id="18542232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18542232" title="Elizabeth Russell">
Elizabeth Russell

Elizabeth Russell may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18542235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18542235" title="Toêga">
Toêga

Toêga is a town in the Koudougou Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 2,320.

</doc>
<doc id="18542236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18542236" title="R. N. Shetty">
R. N. Shetty

Dr. Rama Nagappa Shetty () is an Indian entrepreneur, philanthropist and an educationist.
Early life.
Rama Nagappa Shetty was born in a Kannada speaking Bunt/Naadava family at Murudeshwar, India in a family of agriculturists. His father was the "Muktesar" (Hereditary Administrator) of the Murudeshwar Temple dedicated to the Hindu God Shiva. After completing high school education, Shetty started his career as a civil contractor in Sirsi.
Career.
In 1961, Rama Nagappa Shetty formed the R N Shetty & Company, a partnership firm. During the next four years, the company took up construction of three major projects - building bridges on Honnavar-Bangalore road. In 1966, he moved out of his native district and began operations from Hubli, a major city in northern Karnataka.
In 1967, he formed Naveen Mechanised Construction Company Private Limited with other 7 civil contractors. The company bid for construction of Hidkal dam in Belgaum district. However, it did not live for long, suffering huge financial losses. In order to keep it alive other stakeholders in the company offered Shetty their share. Next year, he took over the company. In the next eight years, Shetty undertook several projects that nursed the company back to good health.
Both these companies have executed several major irrigation works and hydro power projects including construction of dams, canals, tunnels, bridges and buildings. at places such as Hidkal, Tattihalla, Supa, Gerusoppa, Rajankollur, Gundalgera. The companies also built 18 tunnels for the Konkan Railway Corporation Limited and canals for the Upper Krishna Project.
In 1975, he entered in the hospitality sector, by forming Naveen Hotels Limited. A five-star hotel was constructed to mark the group’s foray into hospitality business in Bangalore which was leased out to Taj Group. It is presently known as Taj Residency. Further, the hotels division constructed two more hotel properties in the Karnataka State, one at Hubli and a resort at Murudeshwar naming them Hotel Naveen and RNS Yatrinivas /Naveen Beach Resort respectively. Both these properties are managed by R N Shetty Group
Diversifying further, Shetty established a manufacturing unit with the main aim of providing jobs to the local people of Karnataka. With this in view, Shetty established a ‘Mangalore Tiles’ tiles manufacturing unit in 1977 naming it Murudeshwar Tiles Private Limited. The unit with a capacity of 40,000 tiles per day is one of the largest Mangalore-tile units in the Costal Karnataka region.
In 1981, Shetty set up Naveen Structurals and Engineering Co Pvt Ltd, which specialises in skilled fabrication works, specific to construction industry. Their workshop in Hubli is highly sophisticated, and contains state-of-the-art equipment and machinery. It manufactures shuttering silos, crest gates and many other specialised structures in the past.
However, the group’s most prestigious industrial project took shape in 1987, when Shetty forayed into the manufacture of glazed ceramic tiles by setting up Murudeshwar Ceramics Limited (MCL), the only listed company in the group. Located at Hubli, MCL is one of the leading manufacturers of ceramic and vitrified porcelain floor and wall tiles in India. It also manufactures natural granites.
MCL is now in the process of setting up its second plant at Karaikal in Puducherry at a cost of Rs 40 crore to expand its capacity. The company reported Rs 4 crore net profit on a turnover of Rs 138 crore for the year 2002-03 and hopes to touch a total revenue of Rs 180 crore in the current year.
In 1993, Shetty ventured into power sector with the setting up Murudeshwar Power Corporation Limited. The company has successfully developed and commissioned a mini hydel power project of 11.6 MW at Narayanpur Left Bank Canal in Bijapur district in 1999.
The group has also taken the dealership of Maruthi Udyog Limited and has opened showrooms at Hubli, Bangalore (Yashwantpur and Hosur road) and Murudeshwar. One of its Bangalore showrooms is in fact the biggest in the country and has been rated as Maruti’s No 1 dealer in India for the last three years. His company has recently been awarded the Belgaum Bypass and Dharwad-Belgaum roadworks projects by National Highways Authority of India and roadworks at Maski in Raichur district by Karnataka State Highways Improvement Project.
Shetty is also involved in a number of Philanthropic activities through the R. N. Shetty Trust established by him. The Trust runs a number of educational institutes(including RNS Institute of Technology) and hospitals in Karnataka.
A devout Hindu, Shetty is credited with the modernisation of the temple town of Murudeshwara as well as creating monuments in the town. The Murudeshwara Shiva temple and temple complex, including the 249 feet tall Raja Gopura, which is considered the tallest Gopuram in the Asia as well as a huge towering statue of Hindu god Shiva in the temple complex considered the tallest statue of Shiva in the world standing at . were built by the finances provided by R.N. Shetty
At present he is the owner of R N Shetty Group of companies which includes RNS Infrastructure Limited, RNS Maruti Suzuki, Murdeshwar Ceramics and Naveen Hotel Limited and he is also Chairman of a chain of educational institutions under the R N Shetty trust.
Awards and recognition.
Bangalore University has awarded an Honorary Doctorate to Shetty in 2009 and in 2004 the Visvesvaraya Memorial Award was presented to Shetty by the Federation of Karnataka Chambers of Commerce and Industry's (FKCCI)

</doc>
<doc id="18542241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18542241" title="Fourth National Bank of Chicago">
Fourth National Bank of Chicago

Fourth National Bank of Chicago was a financial institution which went into liquidation on September 25, 1875. The bank did not recover from the Great Chicago Fire of 1871 and the ensuing financial crisis which followed it. 
Its deposits amounted to only $120,000 at the time of its closing. $72,000 of this belonged to the city of Chicago, with the remainder the property of depositors. Bills receivable amounted to $300,000. A clearinghouse debit of $25,000, presented on the morning of September 25, precipitated its prompt closing. The debt was anticipated not to be above $10,000.

</doc>
<doc id="18542247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18542247" title="Tiogo Mossi">
Tiogo Mossi

Tiogo Mossi is a town in the Koudougou Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 1,121.

</doc>
<doc id="18542251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18542251" title="Edelweiss Cheung">
Edelweiss Cheung

Edelweiss Cheung () was the winner of Miss Hong Kong 2008. Edelweiss Cheung was 22 years old and stood 180 cm tall, being the tallest Miss Hong Kong since the titleholders of 1973. 
After winning the crown, Edelweiss was criticized for tarnishing the reputation of her position as Miss Hong Kong by smoking and kissing her boyfriend in public. Furthermore, there were rumors about her win being based on her family's wealth and close ties with TVB. More importantly, Edelweiss had also been suspected of faking sickness to avoid her duties as Miss Hong Kong 2008, such as refusing to compete in Miss Chinese International Pageant 2009. Instead, Miss Hong Kong 2008 first runner-up Skye Chan went for the competition and won the Miss Chinese International 2009 first runner up. In addition, Edelweiss was reportedly seen dating her boyfriend and going to the movies during her sick days. As a result, there were speculations that TVB General Manager, Stephen Chan Chi Wan, had put her on hiatus. Edelweiss was not invited to present at Miss Hong Kong Pageant 2009 and crown her successor Sandy Lau, Miss Hong Kong 2009, instead TVB invited Miss Hong Kong 1977 Ms Loletta Chu to crown for Lau. Her jobs were sometimes replaced by Ms Christine Kuo, Miss Chinese International 2009 when she was at the duty as Miss Hong Kong 2008. She now has no contract with TVB and she is now developing her careers as a catwalk model.

</doc>
<doc id="18542270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18542270" title="Southfield-Lathrup High School">
Southfield-Lathrup High School

Southfield-Lathrup High School is a senior high school in Lathrup Village, Michigan, United States. It is the second oldest of three high schools in the Southfield Public Schools district, the oldest being Southfield High School, and the youngest being University High School Academy.
Southfield-Lathrup High School is well known for its extensive and well-supported music program. It is also known locally for its girls basketball team State Title in 2005.
History, milestones, and awards.
Southfield-Lathrup High School (SLHS) opened in 1967 to accommodate the growing Southfield and Lathrup Village populations. SLHS opened with the 1967-68 school year and accommodated Sophomores only from Birney Junior High School, one of four junior high schools in Southfield. Adding a class of sophomores in each of the following two school years, 1968–69 and 1969–70, it graduated its first class in 1970. The high school resides in Lathrup Village and is part of the Southfield Public School District.
Demographics.
Southfield-Lathrup is considered one of the most diverse high schools in the State of Michigan. In the 1970s and 1980s, Southfield-Lathrup High School during the early 1970s had a minority population of Arab Americans primarily Chaldean and Jewish students but like most of suburban Michigan the student base was Christian and caucasian . in 1973 the High School had one African American enrolled. In the early-to-late 1990s, more middle-class African-Americans attended Southfield-Lathrup, and it eventually became a predominately African-American High School. Starting in the 2002–2003 school year, the Southfield Public Schools District stopped observing major Jewish holidays because of a marked decrease in Jewish students and faculty.
Dress code.
Beginning with the 2005–2006 school year, a dress code was instituted at the high school level, finalizing the process of bringing all of the Southfield Public Schools district under a dress code policy. All members of the board supported the measure and voted aye, except for Trustee Karen Miller. Ms. Miller voted no because she didn't feel that there was enough input from students in the development of the dress code.
Campus.
The campus consists of the main building, a soccer field, a football field, and various parking lots. Students park in the west parking lot. The building is divided into several distinct zones called "houses."
A, B, C, and D House.
Four two-story wings contain most of the school's class rooms. Oddly, the second floors of these wings are not attached to each other. A and B house are located toward the front of the school, facing Twelve Mile Road. C and D house are located toward the rear of the building.
A House contains the Charger Cafe, which sells food items and Southfield-Lathrup-related memorabilia.
B House contains most of the science labs and the Medical and Natural Sciences Academy.
C House contains the Career Center and the majority of the math department.
D House contains the counseling office and the weight training rooms.
G House.
G House contains the Arts and Communications Academy, Band Room, Art Studios, Dance Studios, and the auditorium. Southfield-Lathrup's auditorium is equipped with a full sized stage, dressing room, costume room, lighting, and sound equipment. Every year, Lathrup's drama department produces a fall play and a spring musical. The spring musical typically includes Lathrup's dance and music departments.
Curriculum.
Academy learning.
Southfield-Lathrup Senior High School is home to two of four Academies serving the Southfield Public Schools district, specifically the Medical and Natural Sciences Academy and the Arts and Communications Academy. Both academies have separate entry requirements from the mainstream curriculum. Most students apply at the end of their tenth grade year and take classes in their eleventh and twelfth grade years. The other two academies are the Engineering & Manufacturing Sciences Academy and the Global Business & Information Technology Academy, are located at Southfield High School
Medical and Natural Sciences Academy.
Courses offered:
Arts and Communications Academy.
Courses offered:
The Louise Ward Memorial Scholarship was established in 2001 for Southfield-Lathrup Students for continued studies in vocal music. The Fund was initiated by alumni of the Southfield Lathrup High School Madrigal Singers in grateful memory of Louise Ward who was, at once, their teacher, mentor, role model, and friend.
The Academy also won the 2000 GRAMMY signature award.
Advanced placement options.
Southfield-Lathrup High also offers Advanced Placement (AP) courses in several different subjects including:
In recent years, Southfield-Lathrup High School also offered Advanced Placement Physics, Statistics, European History, Spanish, and French. Though these courses aren't offered, students are encouraged to independently study the subject material and take the test.
Summer reading program.
All Southfield-Lathrup High students are required to read books from a preselected list over the summer. Honors and AP English students receive more books to read than other students. AP United States History Students are also given summer reading.
Beginning the summer of 2006, all summer reading work was required to be submitted through mydropbox.com, an online plagiarism screening service.
Alumni.
In 2002, Kim Watt from the first graduating class of 1970 created a networking site titled Southfield-Lathrup Senior High School Alumni. Currently, 8,206 alumni have created profiles on that website.
Mark Goldstein a Southfield-Lathrup alumnus from 1971 graduating class was responsible for the naming of the "Chargers" (the school's mascot). Goldstein was an honors trumpet player in all of the bands and Orchestra...and was also a member of the first Charger Marching Band.

</doc>
<doc id="18542275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18542275" title="Villy, Burkina Faso">
Villy, Burkina Faso

Villy is a town in the Koudougou Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 2,813.

</doc>
<doc id="18542286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18542286" title="Elizabeth Balfour">
Elizabeth Balfour

Elizabeth Balfour may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18542287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18542287" title="History, Mystery &amp; Prophesy">
History, Mystery &amp; Prophesy

History, Mystery & Prophesy is an album from reggae artist Lee "Scratch" Perry. The album was released April 21, 1984 on the Island Records label.
Track listing.
All tracks by Lee "Scratch" Perry
Personnel.
The following personnel are credited with this album:

</doc>
<doc id="18542298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18542298" title="Cuban-American Treaty of Relations">
Cuban-American Treaty of Relations

In May 1903, the United States signed a Treaty of Relations with Cuba, to formalize the relationship between the two countries. Cuba agreed that they
The Platt Amendment authorized the president to withdraw troops from Cuba provided that he secure these specific promises from Cuba by treaty. 
The 1903 Treaty of Relations was superseded in 1934 by another Treaty of Relations, with Articles that both parties
One motivation for the 1934 Treaty of Relations was to remove the continuing irritation of the Cubans to the 1903 Treaty, as part of the Good Neighbor Policy developed by Franklin Roosevelt. Provisions of the 1903 Treaty were seen to be an affront to Cuban sovereignty.
Prior to 1934, the Isle of Pines was recognized as Cuban Territory in the Hay-Quesada Treaty.

</doc>
<doc id="18542307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18542307" title="List of Detroit Pistons head coaches">
List of Detroit Pistons head coaches

The Detroit Pistons are an American professional basketball team based in Auburn Hills, Michigan. They play in the Central Division of the Eastern Conference in the National Basketball Association (NBA). The team, owned by Tom Gores, plays its home games at The Palace of Auburn Hills. The franchise was founded in 1941 by Fred Zollner as the Fort Wayne Zollner Pistons, playing in the National Basketball League (NBL). In 1948, the team was renamed to the Fort Wayne Pistons and joined the Basketball Association of America (BAA), which merged with the NBL to become the NBA a year later. After spending nine seasons in Fort Wayne, Indiana, Zollner moved the team to Detroit, Michigan in 1957 to be able to compete financially with other big city teams. In the 1980s, general manager Jack McCloskey was instrumental in the Pistons' future championship runs by drafting Isiah Thomas, acquiring key players like Joe Dumars and Dennis Rodman and hiring head coach Chuck Daly. The 1980s team, known today as "the Bad Boys" due to the physical playing style, eventually won two championships in the 1989 and 1990 NBA Finals under Daly. The Pistons won their third title in the 2004 NBA Finals under the tenure of Larry Brown.
There have been 33 head coaches for the Pistons franchise since joining the NBA. The franchise's first head coach while in the NBA was Carl Bennett, who coached the team for six games, all of which are losses. Chuck Daly is the franchise's all-time leader in regular-season games coached (738), regular-season games won (467), playoff games coached (113), and playoff games won (71); Flip Saunders is the franchise's all-time leader in regular-season winning percentage (.715). Daly and Larry Brown are the only members of the franchise to have been inducted into the Basketball Hall of Fame as coaches; Daly was also selected as one of the top 10 coaches in NBA history. Both Ray Scott and Rick Carlisle have won NBA Coach of the Year in the and , with the Pistons respectively. Former coach Dick Vitale was named to the Basketball Hall of Fame in honor of the work he did as a basketball broadcaster after leaving the Pistons. Fifteen head coaches have spent their entire NBA head coaching careers with the Pistons. Curly Armstrong, Red Rocha, Dick McGuire, Dave DeBusschere, Donnie Butcher, Terry Dischinger, Earl Lloyd, Scott and Michael Curry formerly played for the team. The most recent head coach of the Pistons was Maurice Cheeks. 
__FORCETOC__
Coaches.
"Note: Statistics are correct through the end of the . The list does not include NBL seasons."

</doc>
<doc id="18542326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18542326" title="John Poole (playwright)">
John Poole (playwright)

John Poole (1786–1872), an English playwright, was one of the earliest and best known 19th century playwrights of the comic drama, the farce. "Paul Pry" is considered his most notable work, while "Hamlet Travestie", performed as a burlesque, was the first Shakespeare parody since the Restoration.

</doc>
<doc id="18542340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18542340" title="Feel Good Drag">
Feel Good Drag

"Feel Good Drag" (originally released as "The Feel Good Drag") is a song by American alternative rock band Anberlin. The song originally appeared on the band's second album "Never Take Friendship Personal" and was re-recorded for their fourth album, "New Surrender". "Feel Good Drag" became the first single from "New Surrender", which was the band's first album on major label Universal Republic. It was intended for release to American radio stations on 18 August 2008, however after a week long delay it was released on 26 August 2008.
The single spent 29 weeks climbing the Alternative Songs chart before reaching number one. It was the longest rise to the top since the chart's 1988 inception, breaking the previous record set in February 2006 by 10 Years, with their 27 week journey for the song "Wasteland". The record was later overtaken by Phoenix's "1901", which reached number one in early 2010 after 31 weeks. That record was later eclipsed by the song "Animal" by Neon Trees.
The song is in .
Recording.
The song was originally released as "The Feel Good Drag" on Anberlin's second album "Never Take Friendship Personal", in 2005. It was re-recorded for "New Surrender" in early to mid-2008. The recording of "Feel Good Drag" took place at multiple recording studios in Hollywood, California. The song was produced, along with the album, by Neal Avron. The first recording for the album took place at Swing House Recordings in West Hollywood, followed by NRG Recording Studios in North Hollywood. They completed recording at The Boat Studio in Silver Lake.
Band justification.
After the band announced the song as their choice for the first single, some fans began to question the choice online, intoning that perhaps their record label had pushed them to re-record the song due to lack of faith in their new material. In response, singer Stephen Christian wrote a missive for Jason Tate of AbsolutePunk.net to post. "We chose to re-record 'Feel Good Drag'," said Christian. "The label had nothing to do with it AT ALL," Christian went on to say. Christian went on to describe how the band wanted to begin their radio push with a heavy song that could catch on with a wide audience: "We didn't want to start out with something like an 'Unwinding Cable Car' or 'Inevitable'".
On top of expressing the band's own liking of the song (and feeling that it didn't get the attention it deserved on "Never Take Friendship Personal"), Christian said that the song was also redone because "we were counting on them fans recognizing the song on the radio, feeling somehow connected to it and us, and calling in to request it more... we need you again! after all 'the feel good drag' was your song! you knew about it first, you have the original version and 'like it better', you knew us when..., this doesn't have to change."
Music video.
Anberlin announced in August 2008 that they would be shooting a music video for "Feel Good Drag". In September it was announced that the video would be produced by Endeavor Media. The video was produced by Brandon Bonfiglio (Fall Out Boy, Paramore) and directed by Steven Hoover. It premiered on Yahoo Music on 29 October 2008.
The video shows the story of a female character entering a bath full of black water. It includes cut scenes of the band playing in a bathroom. Throughout the video, a man (possibly one of the members of the band) is shown banging on the door to the bathroom, trying to force himself in, while the woman begins to submerge herself into the water. At the end of the video, the man successfully breaks in, but is too late to save the woman, who has now disappeared into the shower drain, and all that is left of her is her dress. Commenting on the female character in the video, drummer Nathan Young said "it's kind of a mysterious thing, she's not really human, and then so it kind of shows that as it goes along, she kind of disappears with the black water when she unplugs it". The music video's concept reportedly took a month and a half to come up with.
Reception.
"Feel Good Drag" found a wide audience with its single release in 2008. The song received airplay on Sirius XM's Alt Nation channel, appearing at No. 1 on its Top 21 playlist. It also featured at No. 7 on the Alternative Addiction Top 20. The song peaked at No. 3 on the Fuse TV No. 1 Countdown, as well as No. 1 in the No. 1 Audience Choice Countdown and No. 18 in the No. 1 Alternative Countdown. It was ranked as the No. 1 song of 2009 on 89X Radio at midnight 1-1-2010. "Feel Good Drag" was selected for inclusion in the iPhone OS game "Tap Tap Revenge", with a special edition remix of the song being produced. In April 2009, "Feel Good Drag" reached No. 1 on the "Billboard" Alternative Songs chart, after 29 weeks on the chart.

</doc>
<doc id="18542343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18542343" title="Takasi Tokioka">
Takasi Tokioka

Eponymous species.
At least a dozen species are named in his honor, including these below.

</doc>
<doc id="18542371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18542371" title="Elizabeth Carey (social activist)">
Elizabeth Carey (social activist)

Elizabeth Carey (10 November 1835 – 24 August 1920) was a Canadian home-maker and social activist.
She was one of the founders of the Halifax Infants’ Home. She was also involved in the Nova Scotia Society for the Prevention of Cruelty.

</doc>
<doc id="18542377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18542377" title="Camp Washburn">
Camp Washburn

Camp Washburn was a satellite camp of Camp Edwards. It was located on Washburn Island in Falmouth, Massachusetts.
History.
Camp Washburn, was used by the Army Amphibious Command as a landing area during World War II. It was home to the 594th Engineer Boat and Shore Regiment, which was a branch of the 4th Engineer Special Brigade. It was paired up with Camp Havedoneit and Camp Candoit, which were both located nearby. It was abandoned during April, 1943, as Camp Candoit came into existence. Today what remains is the landing area and the middle of the island, which have not been altered at all since the existence of the camp

</doc>
<doc id="18542387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18542387" title="Pituitary disease">
Pituitary disease

A Pituitary disease is a disorder primarily affecting the pituitary gland.
The main disorders involving the pituitary gland are: 
Over- or underproduction of a pituitary hormone will effect the respective end-organ. For example insufficient production (hyposecretion) of thyroid stimulating hormone (TSH) in the pituitary gland will cause hypothyroidism, while overproduction (hypersecretion) of TSH will cause hyperthyroidism. Thyroidisms caused by the pituitary gland are less common though, accounting for less than 10% of all hypothyroidism cases and much less than 1% of hyperthyroidism cases.

</doc>
<doc id="18542393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18542393" title="Object–action interface">
Object–action interface

Object–action interface, also abbreviated as OAI, is an extension to the graphical user interface, especially related to direct manipulation user interface. It emphasises upon how direct manipulation user interface (DMUI) can help to create better Human Computer Interfaces, and how it can increase the usability of the product.
There are basically two similar models regarding OAI:
This model focusses on the priority of the object over the actions. It emphasizes on the object being selected first, and then any action performed on it. OAI adheres to this model.
Action–object interface.
This model suggests that the user of the interface specify the action before stating what object the action be performed upon. An example of this model can be command-line interface (e.g. copy codice_1, here the action "copy" is specified prior to the object "file").
In the present context, the interface design is overwhelmed by GUIs. And hence more concern is given to the visual representation of the user's task objects and actions.It helps to reduces the adverse effect in case the users switch their mind mode from task domain to tool domain.
OAI model.
The OAI model graphically represents the users' workplace using metaphors and let the users perform action(s) on the object. The sequence of work is to first select the object graphically (using mouse or other pointing device), and then performing an action on the selected object. The result/effect of the action is then shown graphically to the user. This way, the user is relieved from memory limitation, and syntactical complexity of the actions. Moreover, it emulates WYSIWYG. This feature of OAI lets the user control their sequence of action and visualize the effects at the runtime. If an action results into an undesired effect, the user simply reverses his sequence of actions.
In the action–object model, the computer is seen as a tool to perform different action. Whereas in the object–action model, the user gains a great sense of control from the feeling of a direct involvement. The computer in this case is seen as a medium through which different tools are represented, which is isomorphic to interacting with objects in the real world.
Designing an OAI model starts with examining and understanding the tasks to be performed by the system. The domain of tasks include the universe of objects within which the user works to accomplish a certain goal as well as the domain of all possible actions performed by the user. Once these tasks objects and actions are agreed upon, the designer starts by creating an isomorphic representation of the corresponding interface objects and actions.
The figure above shows how the designer maps the objects of the user's world to metaphors and actions to plans. The interface actions are usually performed by pointing device or keyboard and hence have to be visual to the user so that the latter can decompose his plan into steps of actions such as pointing, clicking, dragging, etc.
This way DMUIs provide a snapshot of the real world situations and map the natural way of user's work sequence through the interface. This means that the users do not have to memorize the course of actions and it reduces the time required to familiarize themselves with the new model of work. Moreover, it reduces the memory load of the users significantly and therefore enhances the usability.
Task hierarchies of objects and actions.
Tasks are composed of objects and actions at different levels. The positional hierarchy of any object and its related action may not be suitable for every user, but by being comprehensible they provide a great deal of usefulness.
For the user.
The most natural way of solving a complex problem is to divide it into sub-problems and then tackle them independently. Then by merging the solutions, a solution for the main problem is reached. This is basically a Divide-and-Conquer approach to problem-solving. This approach is followed in the real world by users when they perform tasks. Each complex task is divided into simple tasks. It is easy to see then, that by managing different levels within a hierarchy, the process is simplified. Through this method, users learn to execute tasks without considering the issues of implementation.
For the designer.
Ben Shneiderman suggests the following steps for designers to build a correct task hierarchy:
Interface hierarchy of objects and actions.
This hierarchy is similar to that of the task hierarchy and contains:
Interface objects.
Users interacting with system build up a basic concept/model of computer related objects like files, buttons, dialog box etc. They also acquire a brief experience of the properties of the objects and how to manipulate the object through its properties. Moreover they learn how to perform actions on those objects to achieve their computing goals. Hence, a hierarchy of such objects is maintained (which represent the resource of the interface).
Interface actions.
This hierarchy consists of decomposed low level units of complex actions that could be performed on objects relevant to the domain of computers as assigned in the interface objects hierarchy. Each level in the hierarchy represent different level of decompositions. A high level plan to create a text file might involve mid-level actions such as creating a file, inserting text and saving that file. The mid-level action of saving a file the file can be decomposed into lower level actions such as storing the file with a backup copy and applying the access control rights. Further lower level actions might involve choosing the name of the file, the folder to save in, dealing with errors such as space shortage and so on.
For the user.
There are several ways users learn interface objects and actions such as demonstrations, sessions, or trial and error sessions. When these objects and actions have logical structure that can be related to other familiar task objects and actions, this knowledge becomes stable in the user's memory.
For the designer.
The OAI model helps a designer to understand the complex processes that a user has to perform in order to successfully use an interface to perform a certain task. Designers model the interface actions and objects based on familiar example and then fine tune these models to fit the task and the user.

</doc>
<doc id="18542403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18542403" title="Waldorf Playing Fields">
Waldorf Playing Fields

The Waldorf Playing Fields are three fields adjacent to Matley Lane in Hyde, Tameside. 
History.
The playing field was donated to the people of the Borough of Hyde for recreation by Newton Mill Ltd. in 1973, but had a covenant restricting their use as a "recreation ground for the use of the residents of Hyde".
The Borough of Hyde was incorporated into the Metropolitan Borough of Tameside on 1 April 1974 under the Local Government Act 1972. In 1986 Tameside became a unitary authority with the abolition of the Greater Manchester County Council.
The fields are currently subject to a dispute regarding their future use. Tameside Council is proposing the sale of two of the fields, subject to the lifting of the covenant. There is a local group campaigning to retain the fields for public use.

</doc>
<doc id="18542408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18542408" title="Blaencwm">
Blaencwm

Blaencwm () is a village in the county borough of Rhondda Cynon Taf, Wales, lying at the head the Rhondda Fawr valley. Blaencwm is very small village and is part of the community of Treherbert.
History.
Before the industrialisation of the Rhondda, Blaencwm was a forested agricultural and rural area. There is evidence in the area of Mesolithic and Neolithic human activity, mainly through the discovery of basic hunting, foraging and tool making items. Blaencwm is also the site of three ruinous 16th century hafotai (summer houses ; Welsh language hafod), small agricultural dwellings discovered on the north-east slope of the village. Of all the hafotai discovered in the Rhondda the most important is "Lluest" discovered in Blaencwm and proof of the agricultural history of the area. 
In the 19th century with the coming of the Taff Vale Railway, coal mines began opening in the upper Rhondda Fawr. Two mines were sunk in Blaencwm, the first was the Dunraven Colliery opened by Thomas Joseph's Dunraven United Collieries in 1865. The business went in liquidation in 1866 and was taken over by Watts and Company in 1872. Between then and 1913 when it was purchased again, this time by the Cory Brothers, it changed its name to Tydraw Colliery. It closed in 1956. The second colliery, Glenrhondda (known locally as the Hook and Eye due to its reputation for improvisation), was opened in 1911 by Glenavon Garw Collieries. The mine was served by the Rhondda and Swansea Bay Railway which would travel through the Rhondda Tunnel. This pit was closed by the National Coal Board in 1966. 

</doc>
<doc id="18542428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18542428" title="Susan Bayh">
Susan Bayh

Susan Breshears Bayh (born November 28, 1959) is an Indiana attorney and the wife of Evan Bayh, a Democratic politician from the state of Indiana, who has been that state's governor (1989–1997) and one of its United States Senators (1999–2011). 
A newspaper in her state has described her as being engaged in a profession it termed "professional board member" or "professional director".
Education.
She earned her Bachelor of Arts degree from the University of California at Berkeley. She is a former Miss Southern California and a member of Alpha Phi. She earned her Juris Doctor degree from the University of Southern California Law School in 1984.
Career.
Attorney.
Bayh began her careers in law and business as a litigator for the Los Angeles law firms of Gibson, Dunn, & Crutcher; and later for the Indiana firm of Barnes & Thornburg. In 1989, she joined the pharmaceutical division at the Indianapolis based Eli Lilly and Company, managing the company's handling of federal regulatory issues. In 1994, she left the employ of Eli Lilly and taught at Butler University’s College of Business Administration, holding the title of Distinguished Visiting Professor.
Professional director.
An Indiana newspaper listed eight corporations of which Bayh was a director, as of 2006. Bayh began serving on corporate boards in 1994 and has since served on the boards of 14 corporations, including the insurance, pharmaceutical, and food processing industries.

</doc>
<doc id="18542448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18542448" title="So Much for Pretending">
So Much for Pretending

"So Much for Pretending" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music singer Bryan White. It was released in June 1996 as the second single from his album "Between Now and Forever". The song was White's third No. 1 single – and with a pair of weeks on top (September 21–28, 1996), his only multi-week No. 1 – on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) chart.
White co-wrote the song with John Tirro and Derek George, the latter of whom was a former member of the band Pearl River.
Music video.
The music video was directed by Jeffrey C. Phillips and premiered in mid-1996.

</doc>
<doc id="18542454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18542454" title="Symphony in C major (Wagner)">
Symphony in C major (Wagner)

The Symphony in C major, WWV 29, is the only completed symphony of Richard Wagner.
Form.
The Symphony in C major is in four movements:
The performance time is approximately 35 minutes.
The first movement is in sonata form movement prefaced by a slow introduction. The second movement is in the key of A minor; the overall shape is A + B + B + A + coda, a strong contrast existing between the lyrical A and the signal-like B ideas. The movement begins with a motif from the coda of the first movement. The third movement is a scherzo and trio with the traditional structure A + B + A + B + A + coda. The scherzo is characterised by a dynamic rhythm, whilst the trio ("un poco meno allegro") features a contrasting smooth melodic line. The fourth movement is structured in the same classical sonata form as the opening movement. The idea which follows the presentation of the first theme is equivocal in tonality. Wagner accelerates the tempo ("più allegro") half way through the coda to generate increased excitement as the music moves towards its close.
Instrumentation.
The symphony is scored for 2 flutes, 2 oboes, 2 clarinets in C, 2 bassoons, contrabassoon, 4 horns in C, 2 trumpets in C, 3 trombones, timpani and strings.
Composition.
According to Wagner himself, in a letter to a friend, he composed the symphony in the brief space of six weeks at the beginning of the summer of 1832. The composition shows the influence of the symphonies of Beethoven (especially nos. 3, 5 and 7) and also of the late symphonies of Mozart. The orchestration is in the style of Weber. The work shows the composer's inexperience (he was less than 20 years old when writing it), in particular in the diffuseness of the first and second movements .
Wagner also started in 1834 an incomplete symphony in E major (WWV35), of which only the first movement and part of the second movement exist.
Early performances.
The symphony was performed in rehearsal by a student orchestra at the Prague Conservatory in November 1832, conducted by Dionys Weber, with Wagner in attendance. It received its first public performance on 15 December, at the "Euterpe" music society in Leipzig, conducted by Wagner's early teacher, Christian Gottlieb Müller.Clara Wieck described the performance in a letter to Robert Schumann dated 17 December 1832:
The second public performance was at the Leipzig Gewandhaus on 10 January 1833, as part of the annual subscription concerts. The work received another performance at Würzburg on 27 August 1833.
The score was subsequently thought to have been lost after Wagner presented it to Felix Mendelssohn in 1836 (see below), but the parts from the Prague performance were found in Dresden in 1877 in a trunk which had been left behind by Wagner when he fled the city in 1849. The work was performed again at Christmas 1882, two months before Wagner's death, for the birthday of Wagner's wife Cosima at the La Fenice theatre Venice; it was conducted by Wagner and by Engelbert Humperdinck. Wagner made several revisions to the full score for the performance. In a subsequent "Essay on the Revival of Youthful Works" he wrote: "If there is anything at all in this work which shows the mark of Richard Wagner, it is the fact that it is not polluted by the hypocritical stance which was to appear later and which Germans find very difficult to get the better of, and the fact that, from the outset, he remained true to himself and was unwilling to be deflected from his proper course."
Mendelssohn and Wagner's Symphony.
The same 1882 essay contains a passage in which Wagner implies that Mendelssohn had tried to deliberately suppress the Symphony. The score had in fact been given by Wagner to Mendelssohn as a gift, as is demonstrable from a letter written by Wagner on 11 April 1836; Wagner perhaps had a grievance that Mendelssohn had not subsequently conducted it. In 1874 Wagner told Cosima that he thought Mendelssohn had destroyed the score "perhaps because he detected in it a talent which was disagreeable to him." This invention was of a piece with Wagner's antisemitic attitude to Mendelssohn.
Piano duet version.
Fragments exist of a piano duet version of the Symphony in Wagner's hand, probably prepared in 1832 or 1833. Most of the first movement is in the Stefan Zweig Collection at the British Library; other movements are at the Library of Congress in Washington DC.

</doc>
<doc id="18542464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18542464" title="Cathedral of Santo Domingo, Cusco">
Cathedral of Santo Domingo, Cusco

"Not to be confused with Cathedral of Santo Domingo de la Calzada, in Spain."
The Cathedral of Santo Domingo, also known as Cusco Cathedral, is the mother church of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Cusco. The cathedral is located on the main road of Cusco, Peru, called the "Avenida de Sol". Building was completed in 1654, almost a hundred years after construction began.
Adjacent and joined to the cathedral is the smaller "Iglesia del Triunfo", the first Christian church to be built in Cusco. The "Iglesia de la Compania de Jesus," also on the "Plaza de Armas", was built at a similar time as Santo Domingo.
The Cathedral, in addition to its official status as a place of worship, has become a major repository of Cusco's colonial art. It also holds many archeological artifacts and relics. The cathedral was designated a UNESCO World Heritage Site under the City of Cuzco listing in 1983.
History.
"Kiswarkancha".
The Incas built the temple known as "Kiswarkancha" on the main square in Cusco. It was the Inca palace of "Viracocha", ruler of the Kingdom of Cusco around a century before the Spanish colonists arrived. The aboriginal name of this city was "Qusqu". Although it was used in Quechua, its origin has been found in the Aymara language. The word itself originated in the phrase "qusqu wanka" ("Rock of the owl"), attending to the foundational myth of the Ayar siblings.
Near to the "Kiswarkancha" was the "Suntur Wasi", an armoury and heraldry centre for the Inca royalty. When the Spanish conquistadores arrived in Cuzco, they decided to take down the temple and build their Christian cathedral in that prominent site.
Cathedral of Santo Domingo.
The cathedral's construction began in 1559 on the foundations of "Kiswarkancha". It is shaped like a Latin cross. The location of Viracocha's palace was chosen for the purpose of removing the Inca religion from Cusco, and replacing it with Spanish Catholic Christianity. Because 1559 was only 26 years after the conquistadores entered Cusco in 1533, the vast majority of the population was still of Quechua Inca descent. The Spaniards used the Incas as a labour workforce to build the cathedral.
The original designs for the large construction were drawn by the Spanish architect and conquistador, Juan Miguel de Veramendi. His design of a Latin cross shape incorporated a three-aisled nave, where the roof was supported by only 14 pillars. Over the 95 years of its construction, the building work was supervised by Spanish priests and architects, until its completion in 1654.
Most of the stones from the building were taken from Saqsaywaman, an Inca holy and defensive structure located on the hills above Cusco. Due to its large size, much of Saqsaywaman remains intact.
Just as the temple of Viracocha was removed and the holy stones of Saqsaywaman were employed to build the cathedral, the intentional desecrating of Inka religious architecture, once the Spaniards learned that the very sand spread on Cusco's main plaza was considered sacred, they removed it and employed it in the cathedral's mortar.
Architecture.
The Gothic-Renaissance style of the cathedral reflects that of Spain during the period of the Spanish conquest of South America and also Cusco. There is also evidence of baroque influence in the facade on the "Plaza de Armas".
The Incas incorporated some of their religious symbolism into the cathedral, for example, the carved head of a jaguar (an important god or religious motif found widely through much of ancient Peru) is part of the cathedral doors.
Artifacts.
Cathedral artifacts.
There are many Christian artifacts within the Cathedral, some of which are fine pieces of colonial craftsmanship. These include the following:
Artwork.
Much of the artwork in the cathedral originated from the "Escuela Cuzquena" (Cuzco school of art). This was a school that was built by the Spanish to educate the Incas and their descendants with the methods and disciplines of European renaissance style artwork. This school was famous throughout the colonial Americas, but the Quechua painters were limited to painting scenes of European and Catholic importance. The restrictions imposed on the Inca artists meant that they were not permitted to sign their own artwork, so much of it is unidentifiable. Here is a list of some of the most notable pieces found within the cathedral:
"Iglesia de la Compania de Jesus".
Beginning construction of this church in 1571, the Jesuits decided to make it the most magnificent of Cusco's churches. The archbishop of Cusco argued that it should not be allowed to compete with the cathedral as the seat of the diocese. The conflict became so heated that the parties appealed to Pope Paul III in Rome. By the time a ship took the message to the Pope in The Vatican in Europe, and his message had returned to South America, the Iglesia de la Compania de Jesus was almost finished. The Jesuits succeeded in keeping their ornate facade.
"Iglesia del Triunfo".
The Church of Triumph, to use its English translation, was built in 1536, just three years after the conquistadores settled in Cusco. It was built over "Suntur Wasi", which was an Inca ceremonial building adjoining the palace of Viracocha, in a similar way to the way that the Cathedral of Santo Domingo is now adjoined to the earlier "Iglesia del Triunfo".
The name of the Church of Triumph derives from the history of the Spanish settlers in Cusco. At one point, presumably between 1533, and 1536, the Spanish were cornered by a besieging army of Incas, led by Manko Inka. The final stand for the Spanish was in the "Suntur Wasi", before its demolition, and just as it seemed that they were on the verge of defeat, the Spanish miraculously managed to drive back the Incas. The Catholic conquistadores attribute this victory to Saint James the Greater (the patron saint of Spain), who was reported at the time to descend from heaven to drive back the Incas. This is why the church is called the Church of Triumph, and also why there is a statue of St. James atop a horse within the Church, depicting him slaying an Inca.

</doc>
<doc id="18542465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18542465" title="Wanguo Quantu">
Wanguo Quantu

The Wanguo Quantu (萬國全圖, lit. "Complete map of all the countries") is a type of map that was developed by the Jesuits in the 1620s, within the context of the Jesuit China Missions.
Development.
The "Wanguo Quantu" map was developed in the 1620s by the Jesuit Giulio Aleni following the earlier work of Matteo Ricci, who was the first Jesuit to speak Chinese and to publish maps of the world in China from 1574 to 1603. Aleni modified Ricci's maps by responding to Chinese demands to have the Chinese Empire located at the center of the world map, resulting in the Sino-centric configuration of the "Wanguo Quantu". 

</doc>
<doc id="18542466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18542466" title="The Chip-Chip Gatherers">
The Chip-Chip Gatherers

The Chip-Chip Gatherers is a novel by Shiva Naipaul originally published in 1973 by Penguin Books. It was reprinted in a new edition as a Penguin Twentieth Century Classic in 1997. It is a comic story following a cast of colourful Hindu and Muslim characters of Indian descent in a large village in Trinidad. It won the Whitbread Award.

</doc>
<doc id="18542484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18542484" title="Trond Fausa Aurvåg">
Trond Fausa Aurvåg

Trond Fausa Aurvåg (born 2 December 1972) is a Norwegian actor, film director and poet.
After graduating from the Norwegian National Academy of Theatre in 2001, he has acted at Oslo Nye Teater since 2001. Here he has acted in plays such as "Amadeus", "Manndomsprøven" and "Tatt av kvinnen". As a film actor he is best known for his leading roles in the films "Andreaskorset" (2004), "Den brysomme mannen" (2006) and "Tatt av kvinnen" (2007).
He won two Amandas – the main Norwegian film award – in 2006, for best actor for his role in "Den brysomme mannen", and for the short film "Alene menn sammen", which he directed. Aurvåg lives with his girlfriend, actress Lena Kristin Ellingsen, in Oslo.
He gained some international attention co-starring with Steven Van Zandt in the successful TV-series Lilyhammer, playing Van Zandt's right hand and partner in crime.

</doc>
<doc id="18542488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18542488" title="Dr Manhattan (band)">
Dr Manhattan (band)

Dr. Manhattan is an American rock band from Wauconda, Illinois. Their name is a reference to the character from Alan Moore's "Watchmen" comic books.
History.
Brothers Matt and Adam Engers met Andrew Morrison and Nick Vombrack while they were all students at Wauconda High School. They first began playing together in 2005, and self-released an EP the following year. In 2007 they played the Warped Tour and signed with Vagrant Records, who released their self-titled debut in 2008. They appeared at The Bamboozle and played the Warped Tour again in 2008.
The music video for their first single, "Big Chomper, Big Chomper," was the winning freshman video for the week of August 25, 2008 on MTVU.com.
In August 2009, the band released their second album, "Jam Dreams" on Cassette Deck Records. The album was produced by Saves the Day front man Chris Conley. Prior to the album's release, drummer Nick Vombrack amicably left the band and was replaced by ex-Flowers For Dorian drummer Marc Esses. Matt Parrish was later added to the group as a second guitarist. After Esses left the band, Parrish became the drummer. On November 6, 2010 the band announced that they were calling it quits. On December 23, 2010, they played their final show at the Beat Kitchen in Chicago, IL.
On May 13, 2011, Dr. Manhattan reunited to play at the E.S. Jungle in Indianapolis, Indiana for Piradical Productions' annual Punk Rock Prom. They reunited once more on December 23, 2011 to play a show at Sideouts Bar & Eatery in Island Lake, IL. The band opened for The Front Bottoms at Durty Nellie's in Palatine, Illinois on January 11th 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="18542493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18542493" title="2007 Abierto Mexicano Telcel – Men's Doubles">
2007 Abierto Mexicano Telcel – Men's Doubles

František Čermák and Leoš Friedl were the defending champions, but Čermák chose not to participate, and only Friedl competed that year.
Friedl partnered with Michael Kohlmann, but lost in the quarterfinals to Jordan Kerr and David Škoch.
Potito Starace and Martín Vassallo Argüello won in the final 6–0, 6–2, against Lukáš Dlouhý and Pavel Vízner.
Seeds.
<ol start="3">
<li> Leoš Friedl / Michael Kohlmann "(Quarterfinals)
<li> Martín García / Sebastián Prieto "(First Round)
<ol>

</doc>
<doc id="18542513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18542513" title="Elsiane">
Elsiane

Elsiane is the name of a musical duo composed of singer and songwriter Elsieanne Caplette and Stephane Sotto. Elsiane is a combination of both musicians' names and reflects the pair's collaborative approach to their artistic process. Their music is influenced by a wide range of styles that include jazz, classical, rock, and electronica. They started creating music together as Elsiane in 2000.
Music career.
Elsieanne Caplette grew up in Peru. She initially studied classical music, and later began to play guitar and sing in bands in Peru before emigrating to Montreal in 1999 where she met Stephane Sotto. Sotto was born and raised in Montreal, Quebec and is a self-taught musician with a background in Art History. 
On May 1, 2007 Elsiane released their debut album "Hybrid" in Canada. "Hybrid" was produced by David Kakon. It was released in the United States on August 5, 2008 through Nettwerk.
The Elsiane live band consists of Jeff Feldman on Bass and keyboards as well as Philippe Look on guitars and keyboards.
On April 10, 2012, Elsiane released their second album, "Mechanics of Emotion" Produced by Elsiane and mixed by Rob Heaney and Harris Shrper.

</doc>
<doc id="18542565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18542565" title="Serious game">
Serious game

A serious game or applied game is a game designed for a primary purpose other than pure entertainment. The "serious" adjective is generally prepended to refer to products used by industries like defense, education, scientific exploration, health care, emergency management, city planning, engineering, religion, and politics.
Definition and scope.
Serious games are simulations of real-world events or processes designed for the purpose of solving a problem. Although serious games can be entertaining, their main purpose is to train or educate users, though it may have other purposes, such as marketing or advertisement. Serious game will sometimes deliberately sacrifice fun and entertainment in order to achieve a desired progress by the player. Serious games are not a game genre but a category of games with different purposes. This category includes some educational games and advergames, political games, or evangelical games. Serious games are primarily focused on an audience outside of primary or secondary education.
Overview.
The term "serious game" has been used long before the introduction of computer and electronic devices into entertainment. Clark Abt discussed the idea and used the term in his 1970 book "Serious Games", published by Viking Press. In that book, his references were primarily to the use of board and card games. But he gave a useful general definition which is still considered applicable in the computer age:
It is not a new idea. Military officers have been using war games in order to train strategic skills for a long time. One early example of a serious game is a 19th-century Prussian military training game called , the German name for .
Mike Zyda provided an update and a logical approach to the term in his 2005 article in "IEEE Computer" entitled, "From Visual Simulation to Virtual Reality to Games". Zyda's definition begins with "game" and proceeds from there:
Long before the term "serious game" came into wide use with the Serious Games Initiative in 2002, games were being made for non-entertainment purposes. The continued failure of the edutainment space to prove profitable, plus the growing technical abilities of games to provide realistic settings, led to a re-examination of the concept of serious games in the late 1990s. During this time, a number of scholars began to examine the utility of games for other purposes, contributed to the growing interest in applying games to new purposes. Additionally, the ability of games to contribute to training expanded at the same time with the development of multi-player gaming. In 2002, the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars in Washington D.C. launched a "Serious Games Initiative" to encourage the development of games that address policy and management issues. More focused sub-groups began to appear in 2004, including Games for Change which focuses on social issues and social change, and Games for Health which addresses health care applications.
Other authors, though, (as Jeffery R. Young) consider that Serious Games didn't obtain the success that was expected, and new theories, like "Smart Gaming" have appeared to replace it.
There is no single definition of serious games, though they are generally held to be games used for training, advertising, simulation, or education. Alternate definitions include the application of games concepts, technologies and ideas to non-entertainment applications. This can also include specific hardware for video games, such as exergaming.
Serious games are aimed for a large variety of audiences, including primary or secondary education, professionals and consumers. Serious games can be of any genre, use any game technology, and be developed for any platform. Some may consider them a kind of edutainment; however, the mainstay of the community are resistant to this term.
A serious game is not a simulation alone. It may be a simulation combined with elements of game-play, specifically a chance to win. All have the look and feel of a game, a chance to win, but correspond to non-game events or processes from the real world, including business operations and military operations (even though many popular entertainment games depicted business and military operations). The games are made to provide an engaging, self-reinforcing context in which to motivate, educate and train the players. Other purposes for such games include marketing and advertisement. The largest users (unsubstantiated by business intelligence) of serious games appear to be the US government and medical professionals. Other commercial sectors are actively pursuing development of these types of tools as well.
History.
Gaming has been used in educational circles since at least the 1900s. Use of paper-based educational games became popular in the 1960s and 1970s, but waned under the Back to Basics teaching movement. (The Back to Basics teaching movement is a change in teaching style that started in the 1970s when students were scoring poorly on standardized tests and exploring too many electives. This movement wanted to focus students on reading, writing and arithmetic and intensify the curriculum.) With the proliferation of computers in the 1980s, the use of educational games in the classroom became popular with titles that included Oregon Trail, Math Blaster, and Number Munchers. Though these games were popular among teachers and students, they were also criticized due to the fact that they did not provide the player with new kinds of learning, and instead provided a "slightly easier-to-swallow version of drill-and-practice" learning.
In the 1990s, newer games such as The Incredible Machine and the Dr. Brain series were introduced to challenge kids to think in new ways, apply their current skills, and learn new ones, but these games were unpopular among teachers because it was difficult to map these newer games to their curriculum, especially in a high school setting where in-class time is at a premium. The 1990s also saw the Internet being introduced to schools, which with limited computer resources took precedence over playing games.
The early 2000s saw a surge in different types of educational games, especially those designed for the younger learner. Many of these games were not computer-based but took on the model of other traditional gaming system both in the console and hand-held format. In 1999, LeapFrog Enterprises introduced the LeapPad, which combined an interactive book with a cartridge and allowed kids to play games and interact with a paper-based book. Based on the popularity of traditional hand-held gaming systems like Nintendo's Game Boy, they also introduced their hand-held gaming system called the Leapster in 2003. This system was cartridge-based and integrated arcade–style games with educational content.
In 2001, Henry Jenkins, Director of Comparative Media Studies and Randy Hinrichs, Group Research Manager for Learning Science and Technology group were co-principal investigators working on a project known as Games-to-Teach. Games-to-Teach inspired the serious gaming initiatives that followed. The partnership between MIT and Microsoft developed conceptual prototypes for interactive serious gaming, with Kurt Squire, now professor at University of Wisconsin as principal PhD candidate working on the project. The MIT iCampus project lasted for six years. During this time, serious games were created with several faculty members using role playing techniques, mobile technologies, physics based racing games to teach physics, and other experiences. Topics included media in science, engineering education, education in media, complex system dynamics, and collaboration. Hephaestus was a massively multiplayer Xbox online mechanical engineering game. Environmental detectives used handheld PCs to investigate health problems in the city of Boston. Biohazard was codeveloped with Carnegie Mellon University, MIT and Microsoft Research. Players worked collaboratively with first responders to a chemical attack in a subway. This was a multiplayer RPG designed for the PC/Xbox in which sources of epidemic outbreaks were investigated to determine how to control crowds and deliver decontamination treatments and manage resources efficiently. Hinrichs began the award winning company 2b3d.net to build serious games in health, business, education and created the first Certificate in Virtual Worlds at the University of Washington to build curriculum around how to engage avatars in serious game environments. Henry Jenkins joined USC as Professor of Communication, Journalism, Cinematic Arts and Education. Jenkins has played a significant role in demonstrating the importance of new media technologies in educational settings.
In 2002 another movement had started outside of formal educational sector that was coined as the "serious game movement," which originated from the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars, where David Rejecsk and Ben Sawyer started the initiative. The primary consumer and producer of serious games is the United States Military, which needs to prepare their personnel for enter a variety of environments, cultures, and situations. They need to understand their surroundings, be able to communicate, use new technologies and quickly make decisions. The first serious game is often considered to be "Army Battlezone", an abortive project headed by Atari in 1980, designed to use the "Battlezone" tank game for military training. Two other well known serious games that were commissioned by the Army are America's Army (2002) and Full Spectrum Warrior (2004).
Outside of the government, there is substantial interest in serious games for formal education, professional training, healthcare, advertising, public policy and social change. For example, games from websites such as Newsgaming.com are "very political games groups made outside the corporate game system" that are "raising issues through media but using the distinct properties of games to engage people from a fresh perspective," says Henry Jenkins, the director of MIT's comparative media studies program. Such games, he said, constitute a "radical fictional work."1
Development.
In recent years, the US government and military have periodically looked towards game developers to create low-cost simulations that are both accurate and engaging. Game developers' experience with gameplay and game design made them prime candidates for developing these types of simulations which cost millions of dollars less than traditional simulations, which often require special hardware or complete facilities to use.
Advantages to this include:
Research and education.
Health education is a particular area where results have been observed by the use of serious games "Video games, enhanced by behavior-change technology and motivating story lines, offer promise for promoting diet and physical activity change for diabetes and obesity prevention in youth." (Thompson).
Intrinsic motivation is another feature provided by serious games that facilitates education. To produce motivation four characteristics are provided by serious games "challenge, curiosity, control and the imagination / imaginary (fantasy)" (Mouaheb). These four characteristics create a particular advantage "in an educational context the game is likely to make the learning process interesting in itself to obtain the greatest motivation in the learner" (Mouaheb).
The dynamic nature of virtual environments also causes "active participation by the player" (Mouaheb). Active participation leads to "a fertile ground for the generation of real cognitive conflicts ensuring a personal and solid build of knowledge" (Mouaheb). Another researcher confirms this view "computer games are more engaging, motivating and interesting by virtue of their interaction, rich universes, challenges and safety" (Egenfeldt-Nielsen).
The combination of all these factors leads to significant benefits "retention increases when using computer games compared to other teaching" (Egenfeldt-Nielsen). The use of reward in a behavioral sense is also a powerful tool in serious games "the video game will ask a question and the player will answer. When students link the question and the answer enough times, reinforced by a reward, learning will occur" (Egenfeldt-Nielsen).
Limited studies have been performed to compare the effectiveness of serious games to other learning formats. One such study comparing games to an educational video found that "The children playing the video game expressed more enjoyment and learned the same as those watching the television program" (Egenfeldt-Nielsen). Studies have shown that games can have a strong effect on day-to-day health management. In one study, children who played a game about healthy living principles had "a 77 percent drop in visits to urgent care and medical visits in the experimental group compared with the control group" (Egenfeldt-Nielsen).
Classification.
The classification of serious games is something that is yet to solidify, there are however a number of terms in reasonably common use for inclusion here.
Additionally Julian Alvarez and Olivier Rampnoux (from the European Center for Children's Products, University of Poitiers) have attempted to classify serious games in 5 main categories: Advergaming, Edutainment, Edumarket game, Diverted game and Simulation game.

</doc>
<doc id="18542573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18542573" title="Love and Death in a Hot Country">
Love and Death in a Hot Country

A Hot Country (published as Love and Death in a Hot Country in the US) was the last novel to be written by Shiva Naipaul and also his shortest in length. It was published in 1983. 
Before its publication, he had not written a novel in ten years. "A Hot Country" departs from the comic style of his earlier novels "Fireflies" and "The Chip-Chip Gatherers".
It is set during an election in the fictional Caribbean country of Cuyama, thought to be based on Guyana where Naipaul had researched his book Black & White about the Jonestown Massacre, which profoundly affected him.

</doc>
<doc id="18542592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18542592" title="Hsinchu Hills">
Hsinchu Hills

Hsinchu Hills () is an area of hills stretching across the Hsinchu County and Hsinchu City of northern Taiwan. The hills is lies on the south of Taoyuan Plateau and on the north of Miaoli Hills. It is extended from Hsuehshan Mountain Range as a part of foothills of the range, and adjoins the northwestern seacoast of Taiwan island. The main agricultural products in Hsinchu Hills are Tea plants and some fruits. Hakka people in this region are majority.

</doc>
<doc id="18542594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18542594" title="Besov space">
Besov space

In mathematics, the Besov space (named after Oleg Vladimirovich Besov) formula_1 is a complete quasinormed space which is a Banach space when formula_2 It, as well as the similarly defined Triebel–Lizorkin space, serve to generalize more elementary function spaces and are effective at measuring (in a sense) smoothness properties of functions.
Let 
formula_3 
and the modulus of continuity is defined by
formula_4
Let formula_5 with formula_6, the Besov space 
formula_1 contains all functions formula_8 such that
formula_9 and 
formula_10
The Besov space formula_1 is equipped with the norm
formula_12
If formula_13, the Besov spaces formula_14 coincide with the more classical Sobolev spaces formula_15.

</doc>
<doc id="18542626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18542626" title="Johann Altfuldisch">
Johann Altfuldisch

Johann Altfuldisch (born November 11, 1911, Brückenau, Germany — died May 28, 1947, Landsberg am Lech, Bavaria, Germany) was SS-Obersturmführer and a guard at Mauthausen-Gusen concentration camp where temporarily he was vice-chief of its central part.
Altfuldisch was a member of the NSDAP and later on he joined the SS. In 1936 he began working at Sachsenhausen concentration camp. In 1938 he joined the Waffen-SS. Between 1938 and 1945 he held the second highest ranking position at Mauthausen concentration camp, where he ordered and personally participated in many executions.
After the end of World War II, he was charged by the U.S. military court at Dachau to have participated in "executions of special ethnic groups or war prisoners". On May 13, 1945, he was found guilty committing above mentioned crimes. He was hanged on May 28, 1947 at the prison for war criminals at Landsberg Prison. His last words had been: “I die for Germany!”

</doc>
<doc id="18542631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18542631" title="Gymnocalycium horstii">
Gymnocalycium horstii

Gymnocalycium horstii is a globular cactus resembling a loaf of bread from a bakery. Plants have a squat appearance and spines that are curved back towards the body. Plants usually offset over time, creating interesting specimens. This South American species has a geographic distribution across Uruguay, eastern Paraguay, southern Brasilia and northeastern Argentina. 

</doc>
<doc id="18542672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18542672" title="Hopkins Center for Health Disparities Solutions">
Hopkins Center for Health Disparities Solutions

The Hopkins Center for Health Disparities Solutions (HCHDS), a research center within the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health, HCHDS strives to eradicate disparities in health and health care among racial and ethnic groups, socioeconomic groups, and geopolitical categories such as urban, rural, and suburban populations.
The HCHDS works collaboratively with community-based organizations, historically black colleges, and minority serving institutions to advance knowledge on the causes of health and health care disparities and develop interventions to eliminate them. Specifically, the HCHDS has collaborated with JHU- based organizational entities as well as the National Institute on Aging, Laboratory of Cellular and Molecular Biology of the Gerontology Research Center; Shaw University; Operation Reach Out South West (OROSW); and Nora, LLC. The HCHDS has been designated as a national Comprehensive Center of Excellence in Health Disparities by the NCMHD of the National Institutes of Health, and in 2007 was awarded a second 5- year grant to continue its work. The Center has a national focus although much of the actual work takes place in the local Baltimore, Maryland community.
History.
The Hopkins Center for Health Disparities Solutions was established in October 2002 with a 5-year grant from the National Center for Minority Health and Health Disparities (NCMHD), of the National Institutes of Health (NIH) under the Centers of Excellence in Partnerships for Community Outreach, Research on Health Disparities, and Training program (Project EXPORT).
Mission ""Exploration and Intervention for Health Equality..."".
The mission of the Hopkins Center for Health Disparities Solutions is to generate and disseminate knowledge to reduce racial/ethnic and social class disparities in health status and health care through research, training, community partnerships, and advocacy.
Research.
Exploring Health Disparities in Integrated Communities Study (EHDIC).
This is a large-scale collaborative study consisting of determinants of disparities in chronic conditions. Progress in understanding the nature of health disparities requires data that are race-comparative while overcoming confounding between race, socioeconomic status (SES), and segregation. The EHDIC study is a multi-cohort study that addresses these confounders by examining the nature of health disparities within racially integrated communities without racial disparities in SES.
College Health and Wellness Study.
Overweight and obesity is an epidemic in the United States, particularly among minority populations. This epidemic contributes to the development of chronic conditions that occur later in life such as Type 2 diabetes and hypertension. The center conducted a cross-sectional survey among students graduating from a Historically Black College or University (HBCU) in the Mid-Atlantic Region. Participants were 392 predominately African- American seniors graduating in the spring of 2003. Data were collected using a self-administered paper and pencil questionnaire which focuses on weight, weight management activities, weight history, and health status indicators.
Measuring Trust in Health Care.
This is a study to examine the validity of the psychometric properties of a new measure of trust/ mistrust of medical care systems. Trust is the foundation of the interrelationships that make civil society possible and the important of trust within healthcare is no less critical. Patients are inherently vulnerable within medical encounters and must be trustful of the multiple institutional entities and individuals involved in their care. Patients must trust that individual healthcare providers are competent and will have their best interest in mind while making treatment decisions. They must trust that the pharmaceutical companies have developed effective drugs and that the regulatory agencies have adequately monitored them. And, they must trust that the healthcare organization and that its staff will manage their medical information with discretion and confidentially.
Environmental Influences on Tobacco Use in Urban Hispanic Young Adults.
The Hispanic Community in Baltimore City, the Baltimore City Health Department, HCHDS, and other important stakeholders worked together to examine the understanding of contextual factors (i.e., community/neighborhood and societal) that contribute to the high rates of tobacco use in the Hispanic community, with a focus on the population ages 18–24.
Developing Measures of Parental Knowledge in Physical Activity.
Parental knowledge of child health and development issues can have important effects on child health. Greater awareness of the content areas in which parents require more guidance can help clinicians devise parent-centered strategies to reduce identified knowledge deficits and may both increase the quality of care and reduce disparities in child health. The primary goal of this pilot project is to develop a set of parental health knowledge assessment questions relevant to physical activity in children 5 years or younger and to conduct preliminary reliability and validity studies 
of these questions.
Training and Education.
The Kellogg Community Scholars and The Urban Health Institute Fellows are both Postdoctoral training opportunities found at Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health that address health disparities-related issues.
Kellogg Community Scholars.
The goal of the Community Health Scholars Program (CHSP) is to increase the number of faculty at health professional schools, with an emphasis on schools of public health, who possess the capacity to carry out community-based participatory research and teaching and who understand determinants of community health and how to build the capacity of communities, health-related agencies and academic centers to function as equal partners in community-based research, service and education.
Urban Health Institute Fellows.
The goal of the UHI Postdoctoral Research Fellowship program is to promote future leaders in the field of urban health research. The fellows, each working in tandem with a Hopkins faculty member, carry out scholarly research and publication on such issues as crime, unemployment, poverty, substance abuse, diabetes, hypertension and other chronic diseases.
Graduate Training Opportunities.
In addition to offering Doctoral and Masters degrees, the Bloomberg School of Public Health also offers certificates of concentration in subspecialties in public health. Thus, a student can obtain a Doctoral or Masters degree from any one of the ten departments that comprise the Bloomberg School of Public Health, and also earn an optional certificate in a specialized topic area. The school currently offers certificates in 21 topic areas, including the Certificate Program in Health Disparities and Health Inequality, established by Drs. LaVeist and Gaskin in 2003. The program is open to students enrolled in any graduate degree program at Johns Hopkins University.
Tools.
Clearview360.
Clearview360 offers a suite of survey tools developed by researchers at the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health. Our tools provide a 360-degree view of healthcare organizations by assessing patient experience, health literacy, cultural competency, and employee engagement
International Conference on Health in the African Diaspora (ICHAD).
ICHAD 2012 was an unprecedented gathering of researchers, policymakers, government leaders, health and development advocates, journalists and others concerned about the health of nearly 160 million people of African descent living in the Western Hemisphere. The event will be held July 5–8, 2012 at the Renaissance Baltimore Harborplace Hotel in Baltimore, Maryland, USA. The conference is organized by the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health and funded in part by a grant from the W.K. Kellogg Foundation. In 2011, HCHDS established the ICHAD project with a $400,000 grant from the W.K. Kellogg Foundation, marking a planned expansion of the HCHDS vision and programs.
Journal Club.
Established in Fall 2003, "Critical Issues in Health Disparities" is a journal club that focuses on health disparities, inequalities and inequities. The aim of the club is to facilitate increased understanding of the issues and controversies relative to these topics by creating opportunities for students, staff and faculty members.
The journal club has a strong focus on racial/ethnic health disparities in the U.S. Topics for discussion include:
Publications.
Gibbons, Michael. "eHealth Solutions for Healthcare Disparities." New York: Springer, 2007.
LaVeist, Thomas. "Race, Ethnicity, and Health." San Francisco: Jossey-Bass, 2002.
LaVeist, Thomas. "Minority Populations and Health." San Francisco: Jossey-Bass, 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="18542682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18542682" title="The Bill (series 25)">
The Bill (series 25)

The 25th series of "The Bill", a British television drama, was the penultimate series of the programme. This series saw the departure of long term characters Detective Inspector Samantha Nixon and PC Tony Stamp. Sun Hill's superintendent position changed, with Superintendent John Heaton leaving and giving DCI Jack Meadows control.

</doc>
<doc id="18542711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18542711" title="Imperial Railways in Alsace-Lorraine">
Imperial Railways in Alsace-Lorraine

The Imperial Railways in Alsace-Lorraine ("Reichseisenbahnen in Elsaß-Lothringen") were the first railways owned by the German Empire. 
It emerged in 1871, after France had ceded the region of Alsace-Lorraine to the German Empire under the terms of the Peace Treaty of Frankfurt following the Franco-Prussian War. The railways of the private "Compagnie des chemins de fer de l'Est (CF de l'Est"; English: Eastern Railway Company), with a total of trackage, were formally purchased from the French and then sold again to the German Empire. The purchase price of 260 million Goldmarks was counted as compensation for the war.
The "General Division of the Imperial Railways in Alsace-Lorraine" ("Kaiserliche General-Direction der Reichseisenbahnen in Elsaß-Lothringen") had its head office in Strasbourg and was subordinated directly to the Reich Chancellor. In 1878, however, it was re-subordinated to the newly created "Imperial Ministry for the Management of Railways in Alsace-Lorraine" in Berlin. The General Division managed six regional operating divisions, which had their headquarters in Mülhausen, Colmar, Strasbourg I and II, Saargemünd and Metz. It was also responsible for a seventh region, with a headquarters in Luxembourg, which ran the operations of the "Wilhelm Luxembourg Railway".
In the early days, railway vehicles were almost exclusively and forcibly taken from the German railways, because French troops had taken with them almost all rolling stock in the region during the retreat. The French side later built copies of German railway stock, mainly based on Prussian prototypes.
Railway operations were carried out, in principle, in accordance with the regulations of the Prussian state railways. Because the "CF de l'Est" were also the leaseholders of the "Wilhelm Luxembourg Railway" with a route length of , the Imperial Railways took over the running of the network. An long railway line from Colmar to Münster (French "Munster"), which belonged to the town of Münster, was also purchased.
In the succeeding years the network was expanded significantly. Shortly before the start of the First World War (1912) the Imperial Railway network in Alsace-Lorraine had a total length of , of which was narrow gauge. After the end of the war, these railways returned to France. Subsequently, the network of this region was managed independently again as the "Administration des chemins de fer d'Alsace et de Lorraine" until it merged into the "Société nationale des chemins de fer français" (SNCF) in 1938.
In Alsace and Lorraine, many multi-track routes are still driven on the right, whereas in the rest of France they drive on the left. 

</doc>
<doc id="18542743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18542743" title="Jonathan Galassi">
Jonathan Galassi

Jonathan Galassi born 1949 in Seattle, Washington, is the President and Publisher of "Farrar, Straus and Giroux", one of the eight major publishers in New York. He began his publishing career at Houghton Mifflin in Boston, moved to Random House in New York, and finally, to Farrar, Straus & Giroux. He joined FSG as executive editor in 1985, after being fired from Random House. Two years later, he was named editor-in-chief, and is now President and Publisher.
Galassi is also a translator of poetry and a poet himself. He has translated and published the poetic works of the Italian poets Giacomo Leopardi and Eugenio Montale. His honors as a poet include a 1989 Guggenheim Fellowship, and his activities include having been poetry editor for "The Paris Review" for ten years, and being an honorary chairman of the Academy of American Poets. He has published poems in literary journals and magazines including "Threepenny Review," "The New Yorker, The Nation" and the Poetry Foundation website.
Galassi graduated from Phillips Exeter Academy where he became interested in poetry, writing and literature, and from Harvard College in 1971. He was a Marshall Scholar at Christ's College, Cambridge. He realized while attending Christ’s College that he wanted a career in book publishing. Galassi was born in Seattle (his father worked as an attorney for the Justice Department), but he grew up in Plympton, Massachusetts. He lives in Brooklyn. He was married to Susan Grace, with whom he had two daughters. The couple divorced in late 2011.[http://www.nytimes.com/2012/01/29/nyregion/for-jonathan-galassi-unveiling-the-heart-in-poems.html?pagewanted=1&hp]
Published works.
Translations

</doc>
<doc id="18542762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18542762" title="George Pringle">
George Pringle

George Pringle (full name: Georgina Richards-Pringle) is an artist, performer and writer from London, U.K. She is best known for her stream-of-consciousness style poetry and prose delivered over backing tracks which she creates on GarageBand music software.
Biography.
Pringle was born in Westminster Hospital, in London on December 28th, 1984 to architect parents. She grew up in World's End, Chelsea. Pringle drew constantly from a young age and at the age of 11 she went to board at Malvern Girls' College in Worcestershire after winning the Art Scholarship. Pringle studied piano between the ages of seven and fourteen and was a member of the choir. She first started experimenting with home recording at the age of 16 when she pinched her older brother's guitar and started making demos on a two deck Karaoke machine at home during the holidays. She then started recording tracks on a French Oral examination tape recorder in the school hall at night using the assembly microphone. She formed a punk band named Scrappy whilst at Malvern.
Pringle studied FIne Art at Oxford Brookes University. It was at University that she acquired Garageband music software which came on her iBook and started composing electronic music to accompany the poetry and prose that she writes. She has recorded live sessions for BBC Radio 1 and featured on The Verb for BBC3. She has played Music and Literary Festivals including Reading, Leeds, Bestival and Latitude.
At the beginning of 2010, she supported the French band Air on the European leg of their tour. 
Currently based in London, she has released 2 critically acclaimed LPs to date. "Salon des Refuses". (a conceptual poetry album) and "Golfo dei Poeti",( a conceptual soundtrack album).
Releases.
"Golfo dei Poeti" (album), March 2013 (self released)
"Salon des Refusés", September 2009 (self released)
"LCD, I love you, but you're bringing me down", Sept 2008 (Trouble Records)
"Poor Ep. poor EP without a name", March 2008 (self released)

</doc>
<doc id="18542770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18542770" title="Mark Picchiotti">
Mark Picchiotti

Mark Picchiotti is a club DJ, producer and songwriter based out of Chicago, Illinois.
Picchiotti has been active in the dance music scene for over 20 years, establishing his reputation as a house, electronica and pop music DJ at Chicago clubs such as Shelter and Crobar. He has remixed songs by a wide array of performers such as Madonna ("Bedtime Story"), t.A.T.u. ("All The Things She Said"), Paula Abdul ("My Love Is for Real"), LaTour ("People Are Still Having Sex"), Lisa Stansfield ("Never, Never Gonna Give You Up"), S Club 7 ("Two in a Million") and more recently, Rihanna ("Rockstar 101") and Liza Fox ("Gimme All (Ring My Bell)"), among many others.
In the early 2000s, Picchiotti collaborated with pop superstar Kylie Minogue on two tracks: "Butterfly" and "Give It to Me". "Butterfly" originally appeared on Minogue's 2000 album, "Light Years", then appeared as a bonus track on her multi-platinum 2002 album, "Fever". Picchiotti produced this track and later remixed it. "Give It to Me" appeared on Minogue's "Fever" album and was co-written and produced by Picchiotti.
He scored his first #1 single on the "Billboard" Hot Dance Club Play chart as a featured artist in July 2008, with the song, "Turn It Up", which was credited to 'Mark Picchiotti presents Basstoy'. The vocals on "Turn It Up" are performed by Dana Devine. In 2002 he released "Runnin' " which reached number 13.

</doc>
<doc id="18542777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18542777" title="Stay with Me (Ironik song)">
Stay with Me (Ironik song)

"Stay with Me" (Everybody's Free) is the first single from Ironiks' debut album "No Point In Wasting Tears". The song peaked at #5 on the UK Singles Chart.
Song information.
The song was written for his younger sister. There was a message in the lyrics for her. Ironik said "With all these people dying, if anything happens to me, there's a message in it for her." The track was produced by Louis Gibzen and samples lyrics of the song "Everybody's Free (To Feel Good)" by Quindon Tarver, which is a cover of the Rozalla hit "Everybody's Free". It also samples the song "Written In The Stars" by Westlife, used as the main melody and for the chorus. It reached a peak position of #5 in the UK Singles Chart and #8 on the Irish Singles Chart. It is featured as one of the tracks on the UK compilation album "Now! 70". The single was released in both a one-track version and an enhanced 6-track CD, with 5 remixes of the song as well as the radio edit.
An acoustic version of the song was performed for Live Lounge on BBC Radio 1 and appears on the compilation "Radio 1's Live Lounge - Volume 3".
Music video.
The video features Ironik in different scenes through London where bad events have happened. The main being his girlfriend who is in hospital and him visiting her. He later visits her and sees her bed is empty. Fearing the worst he turns to see her standing behind him in good health. He is also seen in a church.
Chart performance.
The single was released on 23 June 2008 for download and it entered the UK Singles Chart at #13 before climbing to #6 the week of its physical release. A week later the song rose to its peak position of #5 in the chart on 13 July 2008. On 20 July it fell to #8 where it remained for two weeks.
In Ireland the song reached its peak of #10 in its first week (12 July 2008) and then fell one place to #11 the next week. Later it peaked at number 8.

</doc>
<doc id="18542782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18542782" title="Elizabeth Herbert">
Elizabeth Herbert

Elizabeth Herbert may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18542819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18542819" title="At the Movies (1982–90 TV series)">
At the Movies (1982–90 TV series)

At the Movies is a movie review television program that aired from 1982 to 1990. It was produced by Tribune Entertainment and created by Gene Siskel and Roger Ebert, who had left "Sneak Previews" the previous year.
Siskel and Ebert left in 1986 in a dispute with Tribune Entertainment; they went on to create "Siskel & Ebert" (which later adopted the "At the Movies" title in 2008) with Buena Vista Television. They were replaced by film critics Rex Reed and Bill Harris, a gossip correspondent for "Entertainment Tonight" ("ET"). Under Reed and Harris, the show expanded beyond movie reviews, adding show business news. Harris left in 1988 and was replaced by former "ET" host Dixie Whatley.
During the Siskel and Ebert run, the two adopted the same format they had used in their previous series "Sneak Previews" which ran on PBS: two critics from opposing newspapers view clips from the week's new movies, discuss them, then pass judgment expressed in thumbs up (to approve) or thumbs down (not worth seeing). During this run they would adopt several elements that would make the show lively. For example, they would bring on Spot the Wonder Dog to help the critics lead into "The Dog of the Week", the week's worst movie. Later, they used another animal Aroma the Educated Skunk. Plus, the critics would also occasionally feature an "X-Ray segment" in which they discussed current trends happening in the movies. None of these extra elements were carried over when the show moved to Buena Vista and the show became "Siskel & Ebert".

</doc>
<doc id="18542836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18542836" title="Galapagos damsel">
Galapagos damsel

The Galápagos damsel ("Azurina eupalama"), also known as the blackspot chromis, is a possibly extinct fish species from the family Pomacentridae. It is endemic to the waters near the Galápagos Islands and Cocos Island.
Description.
The Galápagos damsel reaches a length of 15 centimeters. It is olive-gray with a blue tinge, and silvery along the sides. There is a black spot at the base of each pectoral fin. It has a prominent lateral line.
Biology and occurrence.
The Galápagos damsel has been recorded from following regions in Galápagos: Floreana, Gardiner Bay, Española, Tagus Cove, Isabela, Marchena, James Bay and Sullivan Bay, Santiago, Wreck Bay, San Cristóbal, Academy Bay, Santa Cruz and Santa Fe. One specimen, found many years ago, which is on display in the American Museum of Natural History, was collected near Cocos Island. The Galápagos damsel is a plankton feeder.
Possible extinction.
The El Niño–Southern Oscillation of 1982 and 1983 led to an increase in the water temperature near the Galápagos Islands. Plankton production was reduced for at least one year, leading to drops in the populations of many planktivorous fish, such as the Galápagos damsel. Despite intensive searches during the next decade, it was not seen again. The International Union for Conservation of Nature lists the fish as a critically endangered species, and one which is possibly extinct. It notes, however, that "populations of "A. eupalama" may still exist on islands off Peru that have warm temperate conditions, such as the Lobos Islands.

</doc>
<doc id="18542837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18542837" title="Davis Bitton">
Davis Bitton

Ronald Davis Bitton (February 22, 1930 – April 13, 2007) was a charter member and president of the Mormon History Association, professor of history at the University of Utah, and official Assistant Church Historian in the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church).
Biographical background.
Bitton was born in, and grew up in the area of, Blackfoot, Idaho. He was a talented pianist, having begun at the age of six. After two years at Brigham Young University (BYU), he served as an LDS missionary to France, where he edited the church's "L'Etoile" periodical. He then served in the United States Army during the Korean War. 
Bitton returned to BYU, where he was president of his Phi Alpha Theta chapter and graduated in history in 1956. He afterward studied at Princeton University, where he received an M.A. in 1958 and earned his Ph.D. in French History in 1961.
Bitton was a professor of history at the University of Texas at Austin until 1964, when he moved and joined the University of California, Santa Barbara. He then joined the University of Utah faculty in 1966, where he taught for 29 years until his retirement in 1995. From 2005–2006, he was a visiting professor at Brigham Young University Hawaii.
Although his specialty was French history, Bitton made many contributions to Mormon history. He won many awards for his work in Mormon history, including the "Silver Award" from "", awarded for an essay on B. H. Roberts. He was an original member and founder of the Mormon History Association in 1965 and he served as president from 1971–1972.
Bitton served as an official Assistant Church Historian to his mentor Leonard J. Arrington from 1972–1982. Bitton referred to this time as "Camelot", an exciting time of unprecedented development of new Mormon historical research. During this period and after, Bitton published several works with Arrington. In 2006, the Mormon History Association awarded Bitton the Leonard J. Arrington Award for "distinguished and meritorious service to Mormon history".
Bitton married his wife JoAn in 1984, and later in life they served together as guides on Temple Square for five years.
He died at the age of 77 in Salt Lake City.

</doc>
<doc id="18542840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18542840" title="Cotton Price">
Cotton Price

Charles "Cotton" Price (May 31, 1918 – September 24, 2008) was an American football running back. He attended Newcastle High School in Newcastle, Texas. He played college football at Texas A&M University and went on to play four seasons in the National Football League and All-America Football Conference.

</doc>
<doc id="18542848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18542848" title="Princess Maker 5">
Princess Maker 5

Princess Maker 5 is the fifth game from the main Princess Maker series originally released for the personal computer on Windows. A PlayStation 2 (PS2) versions of the game was later released. That version includes various Gainax references, such as the use of "Neon Genesis Evangelion" and "Gurren Lagann" costumes. A special edition PS2 version that includes a walkthrough, stickers and soundtrack CD. A PlayStation Portable (PSP) version was later released.
The game has been translated into Mandarin Chinese and released in Taiwan. That version includes a walkthrough and changed the name slightly because of new distributor.
Gameplay.
It has several differences from previous titles in the series. The environment has become a modern setting presumably in a fictitious city somewhere in Japan, and instead of being only able to take on the role of a father, the player can now play as a mother or a father.
The gameplay has received several major changes as well, including changes to the scheduling of her courses/work, which no longer follows the monthly timeline but follows a more lengthy weekly timeline. More detailed choices are available on how lenient you are on her diet, curfew, allowance and her disposition towards school, people around her, and how she should think. RPG elements have been implemented as well, though nowhere as intensively as Princess Maker 2, the player can now let his/her daughter go explore in the worlds that are parallel to her own.
The player in this game is a retired hero of a human realm parallel to the modern world. The daughter is a girl from a royal heritage, and one of many candidates to assume the role of princess. However, following the assassinations of the other candidates, she became the target as well. Her entire family is killed during the attempt on her life. As her protector, Cube saved the player's daughter and requested the player to take care of the daughter until she reaches the age of 18. So the journey of parenthood unfolds with Cube's help.

</doc>
<doc id="18542863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18542863" title="Ambiorix's revolt">
Ambiorix's revolt

Ambiorix's revolt was an episode during the Gallic Wars. 
Discontent among the subjugated Gauls prompted a major uprising amongst the Belgae against Julius Caesar in the winter of 54–53 BC, when the Eburones of north-eastern Gaul rose in rebellion under their leader Ambiorix. Fifteen Roman cohorts were wiped out at Atuatuca Tungrorum (modern Tongeren in Belgium) and a garrison commanded by Quintus Tullius Cicero narrowly survived after being relieved by Caesar in the nick of time. The rest of 53 BC was occupied with a punitive campaign against the Eburones and their allies, who were said to have been all but exterminated by the Romans.
Prelude.
In 57 BC Julius Caesar conquered Gaul and also Belgica (modernday Northern France, Belgium and a southern section of The Netherlands to the Rhine River; and the north-western portion of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany) In the battle of the Sabis Caesar defeated the Nervii, Viromandui and Atrebates. After this he turned against the Atuatuci, captured their stronghold, and sold the tribe into slavery. 
The Eburones, who until Caesar's destruction of the Atuatuci were vassals of that Belgic tribe, were ruled by Ambiorix and Catuvolcus. In 54 BC there was a poor harvest, and Caesar, whose practice was to commandeer a part of the food supply from the local tribes, was forced to split his legions up among a larger number of tribes. To the Eburones he sent Quintus Titurius Sabinus and Lucius Aurunculeius Cotta with the command of a recently levied legion from north of the Po and a detachment of five cohorts. 
The Revolt.
Ambiorix and his tribesmen attacked and killed several Roman soldiers who were foraging for wood in the nearby vicinity. The survivors fled back to their camp, followed by Ambiorix and his men. 
Then, Ambiorix set up a parley with the Romans in which he admitted his debt to Caesar who had taken his side in certain disputes with other Gallic tribes but said that, despite the limited strength of the Eburones, he was compelled to take action by pressure from the other tribes who were determined to win their freedom from the yoke of Rome. He pointed out that a huge force of Germans, greatly angered by Caesar’s successes, were rampaging across the Rhine and offered to give the Romans safe passage to the Fort of either of two nearby legions.
The Roman representatives, Quintus Junius, a Spaniard and Gaius Arpineius, took the news back to the beleaguered Fort. A council of war, attended by the leading officers and NCOs, was formed. During this council, two opposing opinions took form. Speaking first, Cotta argued that they should not move without an order from Caesar. He pointed out that experience had shown them that Germans could be resisted from behind the fortifications of a Roman Fort, that they had plenty of supplies, were within easy reach of assistance from nearby legions and that they should not take at face value neither the news nor the advice of an enemy.
Sabinus took a grimmer view. Denying that he was motivated by fear, he said that he believed that Caesar was on his way to Italy, that the Germans were about to add to the number of the besieging Eburones and that it seemed that they were about the face the combined wrath of grudge-ridden Germans and Gauls—for surely the militarily weak Eburones would not dare to face a Roman legion otherwise. Moreover, he said it would be better to make for a nearby legion and face the trouble with their comrades than to risk famine through a prolonged siege. The officers told their commanders that whichever view prevailed was not as important as coming to a unanimous decision. Cotta was finally forced to give way and Sabinus prevailed.
The Romans spent the night in disarray, putting together their belongings and preparing to march out of the Fort once morning came. The enemy heard the hubbub in the Fort and prepared an ambush. When dawn broke, the Romans, in marching order (long columns of soldiers with each unit following the other), more heavily burdened than usual left the Fort. When the greater part of the column had entered a ravine, the Gauls assaulted them from either side and sought to harry the rearguard and prevent the vanguard from leaving the Ravine.
Caesar notes that Sabinus lost his mind, running from cohort to cohort and issuing ineffectual orders. Cotta, by contrast, kept his cool and "did his duty as a commander, in action his duty as a soldier". Due to the length of the column, the commanders could not issue orders efficiently so they passed word along the line to the units to form into a square. The troops fought bravely though with fear and in clashes were successful. Thus, Ambiorix ordered his men to discharge their spears into the troops, to fall back if bested and chase back the Romans when they tried to fall into rank. During the engagement, Cotta was hit full in the face by a sling-shot.
Then Sabinus sent word to Ambiorix to treat for surrender. Ambiorix acceded to the request. Cotta refused to come to terms and remained steadfast in his refusal to surrender. Sabinus, however, followed through with his plan to surrender. However, Ambiorix, after promising Sabinus his life and the safety of his troops, had him surrounded and cut down. The Gauls then charged down en masse onto the waiting Romans where they killed Cotta, still fighting, and the great majority of the troops. The remainder fell back to the Fort where, despairing of help, they slew one another. Only a few men slipped away to inform Titus Labienus of the disaster.
Aftermath.
After defeating Cotta and Sabinus Ambiorix tried to raise a general revolt in Belgica. A Belgic attack on Quintus Tullius Cicero (younger brother of the orator Cicero), then stationed with a legion in the Nervii's territory, lead to a siege of the Roman camp during which Ambiorix unsuccessfully tried to repeat his earlier bluff. The attack ultimately failed due to the timely appearance of Caesar.
Titus Labienus, the commander of the Fourth legion, which was stationed in the southern Ardennes, discovered that Indutiomarus and the Treveri were rebelling as well. The Treverian leader called for aid from the Germannic tribes on the east bank of the Rhine and of the Senones. The Fourth legion withstood the siege and Indutiomarus was killed after an unsuccessful attack. His relatives made their escape across the Rhine.
Before targeting the Eburones themselves, Caesar first attacked Ambiorix's allies, forcing them to promise that they would not help the tribe who had destroyed Cotta and Sabinus. The Nervians were the first victims of the Roman retaliation. During that winter a force of four legions laid waste the fields, took a great many cattle and prisoners. The Menapians were then attacked by five legions to deprive Ambiorix of potential help. According to Caesar they, alone of all the tribes of Gaul, had never sent ambassadors to him to discuss terms of peace, and had ties of hospitality with Ambiorix. For that reason he decided to lead five legions against them. A renewed campaign of devastation finally forced them to submit, and Caesar placed his ally Commius of the Atrebates in control of them.
After this Caesar built a bridge across the Rhine and campaigned in Germania to punish the German tribes who had aided the Treveri.
Caesar's revenge.
When the Roman Senate heard what happened, Caesar swore to put down all the Belgic tribes. It was very important that the other Roman provinces knew that the almighty Roman empire couldn't be beaten so easily. After all, Ambiorix had killed a whole Roman legion and five cohorts. The Roman campaigns against the Belgae took a few years, but eventually the Belgae were no match against 50,000 trained Roman soldiers. The tribes were slaughtered or driven out and their fields burned. The Eburones ceased to exist following the campaign, which serves an example of Caesar's genocide in Gaul. 
The fate of the leaders of the result is different but neither was taken to walk in Caesar's triumphal parade. Catuvolcus was now old, weak and unable to endure the hardships of flight. He solemnly cursed Ambiorix for instigating the conspiracy, and then poisoned himself with yew. Ambiorix and his men, however, managed to cross the Rhine and disappeared without a trace.

</doc>
<doc id="18542879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18542879" title="New York State Food Policy Council">
New York State Food Policy Council

Creation and Mission.
To address the prevalence of Food deserts and diet-related illness in New York, and to promote sustainable, Local food, the New York State Food Policy Council was founded on May 20, 2007 by Governor Eliot Spitzer’s Executive Order No. 13. The council coordinates state agriculture policy and makes recommendations to the governor regarding policies that will ensure the availability of safe, fresh, nutritious, and affordable food for New Yorkers. While focusing on increasing access to healthy food options for low-income residents, seniors, and children, the council also works to promote New York agricultural products to New York consumers, with a special emphasis on expanding the consumer market for organic food.
In addition to coordinating food policy, the Council will develop a strategic plan to ensure access to affordable, fresh, healthy, nutritious food and expand agricultural production, especially locally-grown and organically-grown food. The sale of organic food is an emerging market, with more than $13 billion spent on organic food in 2005.
In January 2011, under Executive Order No. 2: Review, Continuation and Expiration of Prior Executive Orders, Gov. Cuomo approved the continuation of Spitzer's Executive Order No. 13: Establishing the New York State Council on Food Policy. 
Members.
The Council includes 21 representatives from all areas of the food system, including the heads of the following six agencies: Agriculture, Health, Office of Temporary and Disability Assistance, Aging, Economic Development, and the Consumer Protection Board. Other members are appointed by the Governor and include the Dean of the New York State College of Agriculture and Life Sciences; 1 farm organization representative; 1 school food administrator; 1 consumer representative; 2 food assistance organization representatives; 1 nutritionist; 1 anti-hunger advocate; and 3 representatives from the food industry at large. There will also be four appointed positions for members with experience and expertise related to agriculture, nutrition or food policy that will be recommended by the Temporary President of the Senate, the Speaker of the Assembly, the Minority Leader of the Senate, and the Minority Leader of the Assembly.
With its members announced on September 19, 2007, they included 
Linda Bopp, Executive Director of the Nutrition Consortium of New York State
Bruce Both, President of the United Food and Commercial Workers Union; Local 1500
Michael Burgess, Director of the Office for the Aging
Dr. Richard Daines, Commissioner of the New York State Department of Health
Raymond Denniston, Food Service Director of the Johnson City Central School District and Co-Chair of the New York State Farm to School Coordinating Committee
Diane Eggert, Executive Director of the Farmers Market Federation of New York
John Evers, Executive Director of the Food Bank Association of New York State
Daniel Gundersen, Upstate Chair of Empire State Development Corporation
David Hansell, Commissioner of the Office of Temporary and Disability Assistance
Dr. Susan Henry, Dean of Cornell University’s College of Agriculture and Life Sciences
Richard Mills, Commissioner of the State Education Department
Cathryn Mizbani, Senior Extension Administrator and WIC Program Coordinator of the Cornell University Cooperative Extension of Schenectady County
William Rapfogel, Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer of Metropolitan Council on Jewish Poverty
Irwin Simon, Founder, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Hain Celestial Group, Inc.
Julie Suarez, Director of Public Policy for the New York Farm Bureau
Mary Warr Cowans, RD, CDN, and Associate Director of the Division of Nutrition at the New York State Department of Health
Eleanor Wilson, Corporate Dietician for Price Chopper Supermarkets, Inc.
Catherine Young, New York State Senator
Public Hearing.
Given a need to gather input from New York citizens, the Council has undertaken a "listening tour" in which members have engaged with New Yorkers through public hearings around the State. Citizen input gathered through the tour will help the Council formulate policy initiatives and can be found online.[http://www.agriculture.ny.gov/AD/cfplisteningtour.html]

</doc>
<doc id="18542883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18542883" title="AE Aquarii">
AE Aquarii

AE Aquarii is a cataclysmic variable binary star of the DQ Herculis type. Based upon parallax measurements, the system is located at a distance of about from the Earth. Because of its unique properties, this system has been subject to a number of scientific studies.
The AE Aquarii system consisting of an ordinary star in a close orbit around a magnetic white dwarf; the pair orbit each other with a period of 9.88 hours. The white dwarf primary has 63% of the Sun's mass but a radius of only about 1% of the Sun. As of 2009, it has the shortest known spin period of any white dwarf, completing a full revolution every 33.08 seconds. This spin is decreasing at a rate of 1.78 ns per year, which is unusually high. The secondary star has a stellar classification of K4-5 V, making it a main sequence star that is generating energy at its core through the thermonuclear fusion of hydrogen. It has about 37% of the Sun's mass but 79% of the Sun's radius.
This system displays flare activity that has been observed across multiple bands of the electromagnetic spectrum, including X-rays. Mass is being lost from the secondary star, most of which is being flung out of the system by the rapidly spinning magnetic primary. The X-ray luminosity is likely being caused by the accretion of mass onto the white dwarf, which is occurring at an estimated rate of about per second.

</doc>
<doc id="18542898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18542898" title="Forodesine">
Forodesine

Forodesine (INN; also known as Immucillin H) is a transition-state analog inhibitor of purine nucleoside phosphorylase under development for the treatment of relapsed B-cell chronic lymphocytic leukemia
Immucillin H was originally discovered by Vern Schramm's laboratory at the Albert Einstein College of Medicine in New York and Industrial Research Limited in New Zealand.
Forodesine is being developed by BioCryst Pharmaceuticals as Fodosine. , it is currently in phase II clinical trials.

</doc>
<doc id="18542918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18542918" title="Buenavista Station">
Buenavista Station

Buenavista Station is a passenger rail station in Mexico City. The station provided intercity passenger rail service until those services were discontinued by Ferrocarriles Nacionales de México in 1997. In June 2008, the station was reopened to serve as the terminus of the newly inaugurated commuter rail service, the Ferrocarril Suburbano de la Zona Metropolitana del Valle de México.
The adjacent Metro Buenavista station is also the terminus of Mexico City Metro , that runs from this station to Ciudad Azteca in the State of Mexico.
History.
The station served to inaugurate passenger rail service in Mexico on January 10, 1873, when Ferrocarriles Nacionales de México ran its first passenger rail trip from Mexico City to the Port of Veracruz. Among the passengers of the inaugural trip was Sebastián Lerdo de Tejada, President of Mexico at the time. The rail trip took three days due to a number of official presidential events along the route.
The original structure was demolished by Ferrocarriles Nacionales de México in 1958 to construct a new station nearby. The plot on which the original station stood was redeveloped. The new Buenavista Station was inaugurated in 1961 by President Adolfo López Mateos.
The headquarters of Ferrocarriles Nacionales de México were built in front of the station and to the north of the station an automated postal facility was constructed. To the south of the station, the borough hall of the Borough of Cuauhtémoc was inaugurated in September 1976. The traffic circle in front of the station holds a statue of Christopher Columbus, which was inaugurated on October 12, 1892, in celebration of the 400-year anniversary of the explorer's discovery of America.
The principal intercity destinations served by Buenavista station until 1997 were:
Current use.
The station was remodelled beginning in 2007 in preparation for the launch of commuter rail service to Cuautitlán in the State of Mexico.
In addition to being a terminus of Metro Line B, the railway station is also a stop for three Metrobús lines, Mexico City's bus rapid transit system.

</doc>
<doc id="18542923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18542923" title="Google Code Jam">
Google Code Jam

Google Code Jam is an international programming competition hosted and administered by Google. The competition began in 2003 as a means to identify top engineering talent for potential employment at Google. The competition consists of a set of algorithmic problems which must be solved in a fixed amount of time. Competitors may use any programming language and development environment to obtain their solutions. 
In 2008, over 11,000 people from more than 128 countries competed for prize money totaling over $80,000, including a top prize of $10,000.
In 2009, total 8605 people competed.
The winner was Lou TianCheng (also known as "ACRush") from China followed by Qi ZiChao (China) and Iwata Yoichi (Japan).
In 2010, over 10,000 people competed.
The winner was Egor Kulikov from Russia followed by Erik-Jan Krijgsman (Netherlands) and Sergey Kopeliovich (Russia).
In 2011, over 20,000 people competed.
The winner was Makoto Soejima from Japan followed by Ivan Metelsky (Belarus) and Jakub Pachocki (Poland).
In 2012, over 35,000 people competed.
The winner was Jakub Pachocki from Poland followed by Neal Wu (United States) and Michal Forisek (Slovakia).

</doc>
<doc id="18542928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18542928" title="List of Wardens of New College, Oxford">
List of Wardens of New College, Oxford

This is a list of the Wardens of New College, Oxford. The Warden is the college's principal, responsible for its academic leadership, chairing its governing body, and representing it in the outside world.

</doc>
<doc id="18542944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18542944" title="Scott Cinemas">
Scott Cinemas

Scott Cinemas Ltd. (also Scott Cinemas Southwest Ltd.) are a British cinema chain based in the English county of Devon.
Locations.
They operate cinemas across the south and southwest of England.
The Central Cinema in Barnstaple was named the RAAM Independent UK Cinema of the Year in 2008, and in the same year the Savoy Cinema in Exmouth received an Award of Excellence in the same category.

</doc>
<doc id="18542948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18542948" title="Aljin Abella">
Aljin Abella

Aljin Abella (born 27 July 1985 age 28), also known as Alin Abella, is an Australian actor of Filipino descent, who is best known for playing Theo Martin, the Blue Ranger on "".

</doc>
<doc id="18542953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18542953" title="Ali Marchant">
Ali Marchant

Ali Marchant, born Alastair James Marchant, is a UK Radio DJ on Oxford's FM 107.9 and also DJs at clubs including Risa/Jongleurs in Birmingham.
Biography.
Ali Marchant was born and brought up in Thanet, Kent, living in the seaside town of Broadstairs. He was educated at Chatham House Grammar School in Ramsgate.
He then attended the University of Birmingham, where he gained a bachelor's degree in Geology and Geography, and subsequently took a Master's degree in Marketing.
Following his Master's degree, Marchant was elected to the position of Vice President (Internal Affairs) for the Guild of Students, responsible for internal discipline and communications. During his vice-presidency there was a controversy surrounding the censure of a student group promoting Palestinian rights at a meeting.
DJ Work.
Marchant started DJing while at school, and when at university did club and radio work. He worked at the Guild of Students DJing nights and made appearances on the student radio station Burn FM. He then worked at many Birmingham clubs as both resident and guest.
In 2008 he entered the Radiostar 2008 competition on Oxford's FM 107.9. He and four other short-listed candidates co-presented a live breakfast show in July 2008; Marchant was announced the winner, and became host of the station's chart show.

</doc>
<doc id="18542964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18542964" title="Summer Sensation">
Summer Sensation

Summer Sensation is an EP by the punk rock band Be Your Own Pet. The EP was released only a few weeks after their debut album "Be Your Own Pet".

</doc>
<doc id="18542971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18542971" title="The Four Feathers (1929 film)">
The Four Feathers (1929 film)

The Four Feathers is a 1929 American war film directed by Merian C. Cooper and starring Fay Wray. The picture has the distinction of being one of the last major Hollywood pictures of the silent era, although it was also released by Paramount Pictures in a version with a Movietone soundtrack with music and sound effects only. The film is the third of numerous film versions of the 1902 novel of the same name written by A.E.W. Mason, and the cast features Richard Arlen, Clive Brook, William Powell and Noah Beery, Sr..

</doc>
<doc id="18543019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18543019" title="Ferkingstad">
Ferkingstad

Ferkingstad is a village in the county of Rogaland, Norway within the municipality of Karmøy. It is known for its highly rich archeology finds, from the early Viking period to the late medieval era.
Legend claims that King Ferking is supposed to have founded the village and lived at Ferkingstad, where he had built large houses of stones. Ferkingstad is known for the remains of the large boat houses dating from the Iron Age which were reportedly erected by King Ferking. The legends also tell of the King's fortress ("Kongsborgen"), which was burnt to the ground during the 7th century. The Fartegn estate was later raised on the same site by Ferking's son, who also bore the name Fartegn.

</doc>
<doc id="18543023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18543023" title="Hernandez v. New York">
Hernandez v. New York

Hernandez v. New York, 500 U.S. 352 (1991), was a decision by the United States Supreme Court, which held that a prosecutor may dismiss jurors who are bilingual in Spanish and English from juries that will consider Spanish-language testimony.
Peremptory challenges are used to remove jurors thought to be undesirable for virtually any reason by either side in a court case. However, in "Batson v. Kentucky" (1986), the Supreme Court ruled that peremptory challenges may not be used to remove jurors because of their race. In "Hernandez", the Supreme Court had to decide whether the peremptory exclusion of two Hispanic jurors was tantamount to exclusion because of race—and therefore violated the Equal Protection Clause of the United States Constitution.

</doc>
<doc id="18543082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18543082" title="Hermite number">
Hermite number

In mathematics, Hermite numbers are values of Hermite polynomials at zero argument. Typically they are defined for physicists' Hermite polynomials.
Formal definition.
The numbers "H"n = "H"n(0), where "H"n("x") is a Hermite polynomial of order "n", may be called Hermite numbers. 
The first Hermite numbers are:
Recursion relations.
Are obtained from recursion relations of Hermitian polynomials for "x" = 0:
Since "H"0 = 1 and "H"1 = 0 one can construct a closed formula for "H"n:
where ("n" - 1)!! = 1 × 3 × ... × ("n" - 1).
Usage.
From the generating function of Hermitian polynomials it follows that 
Reference gives a formal power series:
where formally the "n"-th power of "H", "H""n", is the "n"-th Hermite number, "H""n". (See Umbral calculus.)

</doc>
<doc id="18543088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18543088" title="Dutch festivities">
Dutch festivities

Below are some of common festivities associated with, or observed by the Dutch ethnic group. Included are cultural feasts. National holidays, of for example the Netherlands (such as Queen's Day) are omitted. Major festivities include: 

</doc>
<doc id="18543110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18543110" title="1825 in France">
1825 in France

"See also:" 
1824 in France, 
1826 in France.
Events from the year 1825 in France.

</doc>
<doc id="18543131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18543131" title="The Eyeliners">
The Eyeliners

The Eyeliners are an American pop punk band from Albuquerque, New Mexico formed in 1995 under the name Psychodrama. In 1996 their name was changed their name to The Eyeliners after having released one single ("Vivid") under the Psychodrama name. The group has released EPs on Sympathy for the Record Industry followed by albums on Lookout Records in 2000 and 2001. The 2005 album "No Apologies" (Blackheart Records) includes a cover of When in Rome's 1988 song "The Promise."
<br>
Sisters, Gel and Lisa, took on the responsibilities of guitar and bass respectively and Laura was going to be the singer. Since they never set out to form an all-girl band, The Eyeliners auditioned both male and female drummers, but couldn’t find anyone who understood the direction they wanted to go in. One day, Gel and Lisa were playing “I Love Rock N Roll” when Laura walked in. They persuaded Laura to try the song on the borrowed drum set they had been using for auditions. She picked up the drumbeat remarkably fast despite having never played the instrument. About halfway through the rendition of the song, she started to sing along. It was then that Laura took on the task of lead vocalist and drummer.<br>
<br>
The band played their first show under the name Psychodrama but upon touring the west coast, they decided to change their name to the Eyeliners, citing that it was more appropriate for their musical style.<br>
<br>
A few months later, The Eyeliners played a show with the Red Aunts. Red Aunts frontwoman, Terri Wahl, was so impressed with the band that she introduced them to owner of Sympathy For the Record Industry, Long Gone John. Soon, the Eyeliners debut CD and 7” were released. Two more seven inches (“Do The Zombie” and “Rock N Roll, Baby”) followed on Sympathy for the Record Industry over the next couple of years.<br>
<br>
Possible hiatus.
While there was no official announcement stating that the band has broken up, there has been no activity from the band since December 2005. It would appear that the band has ceased all operations. 

</doc>
<doc id="18543138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18543138" title="Sorry, I've Got No Head">
Sorry, I've Got No Head

"Sorry, I've Got No Head" is a CBBC children's sketch comedy. The programme's cast originally consisted of William Andrews, David Armand, James Bachman, Marcus Brigstocke, Anna Crilly, Justin Edwards, Mark Evans, Mel Giedroyc, Marek Larwood and Nick Mohammed, most of whom have also written parts of the show.
The first series began in 2008, where sketches included Jasmine and Prudith, who think everything will cost "a thousand pounds"; the Witchfinder General, who calls people witches and witchmen show up to take them away; the Fearless Vikings, who are scared of everything; and Ross from the Outer Hebrides, who has the dubious distinction of being the only pupil in a school with just one teacher.
The second series began in 2009 and feature three new cast members; Kobna Holdbrook-Smith, Fergus Craig and Toby Davies. Marek Larwood did not return. New sketches include Embarrassed Louise, who struggles to deal with an unusual problem; an angry Snowman, who battles for equality in everyday life; and a sitcom featuring a family of dung beetles.
The third and final series started in May 2011. Javone Prince and a returning Marek Larwood appeared in the new series.
The show started airing on YTV Canada in late 2009, and season 2 started airing in late 2010.
"Pixelface", another programme by CBBC, is inspired by the Backstage Access sketches.
Sketches.
Introduced in Series 3.
One Time Sketches
Pixelface.
A spin off series called "Pixelface" was commissioned by the BBC and featured what the video game characters from the sketch "Backstage Access" get up to in their spare time. It began airing in January 2011. The name "Pixelface" is likely taken from a short story entitled 'Pixel Face' by British sci-fi novelist Jeff Noon.

</doc>
<doc id="18543145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18543145" title="Disinvestment from Israel">
Disinvestment from Israel

Disinvestment from Israel is a campaign conducted by religious and political entities which aims to use disinvestment to pressure the government of Israel to put "an end to the Israeli occupation of Palestinian territories captured during the 1967 military campaign." The disinvestment campaign is related to other economic and political boycotts of Israel.
A notable campaign was initiated in 2002 and endorsed by South Africa's Desmond Tutu. Tutu said that the campaign against Israel's occupation of the Palestinian territories and its continued settlement expansion should be modeled on the successful historical, but controversial, disinvestment campaign against South Africa's apartheid system.
Initial call to action.
Divestment campaigns targeting Israel first received media attention in 2002, thanks largely to a high-profile divestment petition at Harvard University and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology early that year. This was followed later that same year by calls from South African anti-apartheid activist Desmond Tutu for the international community to treat Israel as it treated apartheid South Africa:
The origin of the Israeli divestment campaigns can be traced back to the early 1990s just after similar programs targeting South Africa proved successful in (1) rallying political activists and (2) contributing to pressures that – along with other economic and political factors - led to an end to white minority rule in that country.
Targets for disinvestment.
Disinvestment campaigns have been focused on high-profile organizations with large financial holdings such as heavily endowed universities or churches and municipalities managing large portfolios of retirement fund investments. Such high-profile institutions, like Harvard University or the multi-million member Presbyterian and Methodist Churches, provided divestment proponents a platform from which to spotlight their political activity. In addition, the wide financial holdings of these institutions generally provided divestment campaigns a list of stocks upon which to base their calls for divestment.
Disinvestment efforts.
Much of the disinvestment activity that has been widely publized has come from the Anglosphere, but many Muslim groups have also called for divestment. Efforts have ranged from general boycotts to targeting specific Israeli companies.
United States.
Churches.
Presbyterian Church (USA).
In July 2004, the 2.4-million-member Presbyterian Church (USA), voted 431 to 62 in July to "initiate a process of phased selective divestment in multinational corporations operating in Israel.". The Church manages a set of investment funds totaling approximately $7 billion USD.
According to the Church's highest elected official, Rev. Clifton Kirkpatrick, there is no plan for a "blanket divestment" from Israeli companies, but instead the Church will "target businesses that it believes bear particular responsibility for the suffering of Palestinians and will give them a chance to change their behavior before selling their shares." Church officials, according to the "Washington Post", mentioned Caterpillar Inc. as a possible target of the selective divestment campaign because the company "manufactures bulldozers used by Israel to demolish Palestinian homes that are built without permits or belong to families of suicide bombers."
There was significant opposition in the American Jewish community to the Church's decision. The "Washington Post" reported in September 2004 that "Jewish-Presbyterian relations have been in turmoil" and that "the heads of several major U.S. Jewish organizations condemned the Presbyterian Church's decision to begin selective divestiture in companies operating in Israel." The executive vice president of the Central Conference of American Rabbis, Rabbi Paul Menitoff, said the resolution was "lopsided" and that it unfairly blamed only one side in the Palestinian-Israeli conflict.
In response to the criticism, Church official Kirkpatrick said that the Church would also "pull its money out of any companies that are complicit in supporting terrorism."
On June 29, 2006, the Presbyterian Church (USA) General Assembly by a vote of 483-28 adopted a balanced resolution that replaced language adopted in 2004 mandating a process of divestment focused on Israel and endorsed instead a corporate engagement process.
In July 2012, the Presbyterian Church (USA) General Assembly decided to reject divestment and instead focus on investment. By a narrow vote of 333-331, the members voted to discard a resolution proposing divestment from Israel. This was followed by a vote of 369-290, with eight abstentions, for the church to pursue positive investment in the territories.
World Council of Churches.
In February 2005, the Geneva-based World Council of Churches followed suit. The resolution passed by WCC's 150-member Central Committee commended the selective divestment resolution passed by the Presbyterian Church (USA) saying that the previous resolution "in both method and manner, uses criteria rooted in faith and calls members to do the things that make for peace." The WCC planned to focus "on companies that assist the Israeli government in demolishing Palestinian homes, constructing settlements, and erecting a controversial 'dividing wall' within the Palestinian territories."
"The unexpected resolution", according to a BeliefNet report, "caught many American Jewish groups off guard and confirmed fears among some that the Presbyterians opened a Pandora's box last summer that now has the tacit approval of global Protestant and Orthodox leaders. Rabbi Gary Bretton-Granatoor, interfaith director for the Anti-Defamation League, dismissed the WCC as 'irrelevant' but was nonetheless concerned that the divestment campaign has taken on a life of its own."
United Church of Christ.
The United Church of Christ also followed suit,
endorsing a range of economic leverages that included divestment, but church leaders did not commit their pension or foundation assets to a divestment plan.
United Methodist Church.
At the 2012 Tampa Conference, the United Methodist Church voted to reject the divestment initiative regarding businesses that deal with Israel, including "Caterpillar, Motorola Solutions and Hewlett-Packard."
In June 2005, the New England Conference of the United Methodist Church had voted to urge the divesting of funds from companies that support the Israeli occupation of Palestinian Territories. The resolution stated:
Episcopal Church.
In July 2012, the Episcopal Church adopted a resolution at its General Convention Assembly that supported "a negotiated two-state solution" and "positive investment" rather than divestment from Israel.
United Methodist Church.
United Methodist Church twice rejected resolutions on May 2, 2012, that called for divestment from companies that were accused of contributing to the "Israeli occupation of Palestinian territories." Approximately 2/3 of the 1,000 delegates in attendance rejected the divestment resolutions. The church also rejected similar resolutions in 2008. According to Reverend Bob Long, "Of course we care about the Palestinians, and what they've been through. But we also care about the Israelis and what they've been through."
Others.
Other mainline churches have debated the subject of divestment. The Evangelical Lutheran Church in America rejected a pro-divestment resolution during the summer of 2005. The Episcopal Church USA ruled out the possibility of an Israel divestment later that year, and the United Methodist Church has also avoided divestment.
Universities.
Many Muslim Student Union organizations sponsor a "Boycott, Divestment, and Sanction Campaign" on campus mostly targeting Israel, often in cooperation with other progressive campus groups.
On March 17, 2010 a UC Berkeley Student Senate resolution asked that the university divest itself of companies that conduct business with Israel, especially targeting General Electric and United Technologies which supplies arms and technology to Israel, but it was vetoed on March 24 by the Student Body President who called it "a symbolic attack on a specific community", with the final decision being to not divest was established.
In 2013, another UC Berkeley Student Senate resolution was passed as SB160, which proposed the university divest itself of companies complicit in Israel's abuse of human rights in Gaza.
United Kingdom.
The Church of England synod has voted for disinvestment from Israel, which was criticised by George Carey, the former Archbishop of Canterbury as "inappropriate, offensive and highly damaging".
Britain's National Union of Journalists called for boycott April 14, 2007. By a 66-54 vote, the annual delegate's meeting of Britain's largest trade union for journalists called for "a boycott of Israeli goods similar to those boycotts in the struggles against apartheid South Africa led by trade unions, and the [Trades Union Congress to demand sanctions be imposed on Israel by the British government."
Ireland.
At its biennial delegate conference held in May 2008, IMPACT (the Irish Municipal, Public and Civil Trade Union), Ireland's largest public sector and services trade union, passed two resolutions criticising Israeli suppression of the Palestinians and endorsing a boycott of Israeli goods and services. The motions also supported divestment from those corporations engaged in or profiting from the occupation of the West Bank and Gaza.
Canada.
2006.
The Toronto assembly of the United Church of Canada supports CUPE's boycott. In 2003, the Toronto assembly voted to boycott goods produced by Jewish settlements in the occupied territories. The national umbrella UCC absolved itself of a boycott by instead choosing to support pro-peace investment.
On May 27, 2006, the Ontario section of the Canadian Union of Public Employees (which represents more than 200,000 workers) approved a resolution to "support the international campaign of boycott, divestment and sanctions against Israel until that state recognizes the Palestinian right to self-determination" and to protest the Israeli West Bank barrier.
Abraham Foxman of the Anti-Defamation League labelled CUPE's action as "deplorable and offensive." The Ontario regional director of the Canadian Jewish Congress, Steven Schulman, characterized the vote as "outrageous." "For a respected labour union to engage in such a vote, which is completely one-sided and based on mistruths, is shocking," he said.
The Congress of South African Trade Unions published a letter expressing their support for the CUPE boycott of Israel.
2009.
In January 2009, CUPE's Ontario University Workers Coordinating Committee announced plans to introudce Resolution 50 that would ban Israeli academics from speaking, teaching or researching at Ontario universities. Sid Ryan, president of CUPE Ontario, stated that "Israeli academics should not be on our campuses unless they explicitly condemn the university bombing and the assault on Gaza in general." Ryan stated that the resolution was a reasonable response to Israel's attack on the Islamic University, which he likened to the torching of books by Nazis during the Second World War.
Janice Folk-Dawson, chairwoman of the university workers committee, stated that resolution will protect the quality of education by preventing Israeli academics from professing biased views. She also stated that "International pressure on Israel must increase to stop the massacre that is going on daily. We are proud to add CUPE voices to others from around the world saying enough is enough" and that support for the resolution "is coming from the rank-and-file members, not just the leadership." Despite the expected backlash, Folk-Dawson stated that "We believe we are doing the right thing."
The resolution was immediately criticized by the Leo Rudner of the Canadian Jewish Congress, who stated "I think it's ironic individuals who speak about freedom of speech jump to the opportunity to take that freedom away from other individuals." Emanuel Adler, chairman of Israeli Studies at the University of Toronto, also criticized the resolution, stating that "the conflict and the violence should not be brought inside the university." Jonathan Kay, a columnist for the National Post, sharply criticized the resolution, stating that "Mr. Ryan and his fellow CUPE leaders care about demonizing only one country: the Jewish state."
Michael Neumann, a philosophy professor at Trent University in Peterborough, Ontario expressed support for the boycott. Neumann stated that "If people believe these are extreme circumstances and it will do some good, then I think it's reasonable and perhaps justified." He argued that a boycott is not anti-semitic, stating that "It targets Israeli, not Jewish, professors." He further stated that "People may always have bad motives underlying good motives. And it's not absolutely impossible that some of these people have anti-Semitic feelings deep down, but do I think that plays a large part? No, I certainly do not."
Costanza Musu, an Associate Professor at the University of Ottawa, called the boycott "wrong and maladroit in every possible way" and stated that "It is a very sad moment when someone in academia starts considering the boycott of colleagues as a valid an honourable instrument of political struggle."
The resolution will be put to vote at the committee's annual conference in February. If it passes, it will be on the agenda at CUPE Ontario's conference in May. However, some observers have questioned what practical effect the resolution could have since CUPE's 200,000 workers province-wide include some campus staff but almost no full-time faculty.
On 14 January 2009 the University of Ottawa Centre for International Policy Studies, directed by Professor Roland Paris, published the following 'Statement on Freedom of Speech': "Freedom of speech is a core value of Canadian society, especially within its universities where the expression and debate of different positions is crucial to learning. As an academic centre that promotes research and dialogue on international policy, CIPS opposes the Canadian Union of Public Employees' contemplated ban on Israeli academics from speaking, teaching or research work at Ontario universities. CIPS will not participate in such a boycott or any other attempt to silence academics, including those expressing controversial or unpopular opinions. CIPS will continue to invite academics of any nationality to participate in scholarly activities and public speaking events in Ottawa." 
Palestinian territories.
On July 9, 2005, 171 Palestinian non-governmental organizations put out a call for an international economic campaign against Israel which has come to be referred to as Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions (BDS) after the resolution's call "… for Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions against Israel Until it Complies with International Law and Universal Principles of Human Rights." The three stated goals of the campaign are:
Attempts to create a similar movement focusing on divestment from Israel, such as the Palestine Solidarity Committee’s “Don’t Pay for Occupation” campaign, failed to raise similar support, largely because (1) divestment was only one part of these program agendas which also focused on US foreign aid to Israel (as one activist put it “Although the campaign achieved many political aims, it failed to present a strategy of how one should not pay for occupation.”); and (2) the notion that Israel was the natural successor to Apartheid South Africa as the next target for divestment was rejected not just by most American Jews and Jewish organizations, but also by human rights groups who had played a major role in the fight against Apartheid.
Opinions.
Opponents.
Critics of the proposals argue that making unilateral demands on Israel will not promote negotiation and a just peace. Furthermore, disinvestment, it is claimed, would hurt Palestinians more than any other, as all of the Israeli factories located beyond the Green Line employ Palestinian workers, providing 70,000 jobs for Palestinians.
"The Economist" contends that "the boycotts include disinvestment, academic boycotts and product boycotts look flimsy. Most of the motions passed have been non-binding recommendations, or instructions to investigate the practicalities of BDS. Activists' votes at conferences may be slapped down by the membership, as with the NUJ's boycott, which was reversed after furious complaints from members. After pressure from Jewish groups, American Presbyterians, who voted in 2004 to look into divesting from up to five American firms, backed off last year without having removed a dollar. The two British teaching unions merged and voted anew to consider suspending links with Israeli institutions only to provoke a huge counter-attack by American college presidents."
The Economist continues:
Supporters.
Noam Chomsky argues that for maximum impact, disinvestment campaigns should target the corporations participating in the perceived human rights abuses, with Caterpillar Inc. given as an example due to their role in the demolition of Palestinian homes.
Historic antecedents.
The Arab League boycott of Israel, which started in 1921 and was formalized in 1945, has included a call for Arab nations to divest from Israel.

</doc>
<doc id="18543204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18543204" title="Paradise Post">
Paradise Post

The Paradise Post is a three times a week newspaper in Paradise, California. The newspaper is part of the MediaNews Group corporation. It was previously owned by Lowell Blankfort and Rebele Rowland, before selling the paper to Dean Singleton and MNG in 2003.
The publisher of the paper is Jim Gleim. The managing editor is Rick Silva. The paper's website is [http://www.paradisepost.com/].
The paper has a circulation of about 7,000 and publishes Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday. It was first published as the "Paradise Post" in 1947.

</doc>
<doc id="18543211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18543211" title="2008 Brno Superbike World Championship round">
2008 Brno Superbike World Championship round

The 2008 Brno Superbike World Championship round was the ninth round of the 2008 Superbike World Championship season. It took place on the weekend of July 18-20, 2008, at the Masaryk Circuit circuit located in Brno.

</doc>
<doc id="18543218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18543218" title="Walk Score">
Walk Score

Walk Score is a private company that provides walkability services through a website and mobile applications. Its flagship product is a large-scale, public access walkability index that assigns a numerical walkability score to any address in the United States, Canada, and Australia.
The company is headquartered in Seattle, Washington.
Company.
Walk Score was founded in July 2007. The company's mission is "to promote walkable neighborhoods" with the belief that such neighborhoods are "one of the simplest and best solutions for the environment, our health, and our economy." In January 2012, the company announced that it had recently raised $2 million from investors.
Consumer products.
Walk Score.
The company's flagship product is the Walk Score, a walkability index and the namesake of the company. The company serves more than four million scores per day to over ten thousand participating websites. A Walk Score may be assigned to a particular address or an entire region, and the company maintains a ranking of the most walkable cities in the United States.
Josh Herst, CEO of Walk Score, has stated that he wants Walk Score to be a part of every real-estate listing in the future. He envisions the Walk Score of a home to be as important as how many bedrooms or bathrooms the property has.
According to the site's creators, "The Walk Score algorithm awards points based on the distance to the closest amenity in each category. If the closest amenity in a category is within .25 miles (or .4 km), we assign the maximum number of points. The number of points declines as the distance approaches 1 mile (or 1.6 km)—no points are awarded for amenities further than 1 mile. Each category is weighted equally and the points are summed and normalized to yield a score from 0–100. The number of nearby amenities is the leading predictor of whether people walk." Relevant amenities include "businesses, parks, theaters, schools and other common destinations."
Other features.
Similar to the Walk Score, the company also assigns a Bike Score and Transit Score to points on the map. Walk Score can generate a commute report that shows the time required to travel between two points, providing a visual representation of the changes in elevation during the trip. Commuting options include walking, bicycling, driving, or taking public transport. In 2011, Walk Score unveiled an apartment search tool that locates available housing based on commute time to a given location. The tool calculates commute times for various modes of transport including walking, cycling, driving, and public transit. Walk Score has developed a variety of tools for real estate professionals, such as neighborhood maps and APIs. Multiple independent studies have demonstrated that above-average walkability correlates to increased housing values: in the metropolitan areas studied, higher Walk Score typically added US$4,000–$34,000 per home. The company also provides data to leading research institutions, academics, and city planners including:
This data is available for download (including spreadsheet and GIS shapefile formats) or accessible through an API.
Criticism.
Walk Score has received some criticism in the media, particularly from urban planning professionals, for the limits of its accuracy and relevancy in methodology and results. Specifically, Walk Score doesn't calculate whether there are sidewalks, how many lanes of traffic one must cross, how much crime occurs in the area, or what the weather is typically like. It also doesn't differentiate between types of amenities, for example a supermarket grocery store versus a small food mart selling mostly liquor and chips. Walk Score is continually attempting to improve its results, for example, by obtaining richer data, testing new algorithms, and allowing users to provide feedback.
Walk Score does not accurately score areas adjacent to international borders. The algorithm prioritizes locations across the border which leads to low and inaccurate scores.
Professional products.
Travel Time API.
Walk Score's Travel Time API provides a programming interface to get travel times between an origin and a set of destinations. Travel Time API can sort multiple destinations based on walking time, taking a public transit, driving time, or biking. Suggested applications are ranking points of interest nearest to multiple destinations, such as hotels near multiple meetings or attractions; ranking multiple destinations nearest to a specific location, such as sorting of local deals; and for maps and visualizations.
Public Transit API.
An API access to Transit Score and nearby public transit stops and routes.
Walk Score API.
An API access to the Walk Score walkability index.

</doc>
<doc id="18543230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18543230" title="Thornbury, New Zealand">
Thornbury, New Zealand

Thornbury is a small township on the east bank of the lower Aparima River, in western Southland, New Zealand. It is approximately 10 km northeast of Riverton, and 31 km northwest of Invercargill. It is mainly a farming service community. Local small industries include machinery and transport/trucking companies, and a tannery.
The township was founded by pioneer settlers Matthew Instone and Robert Foster. It was named by Robert Foster after his wife's birthplace, the market town of Thornbury, in Gloucestershire, England.
Originally Thornbury had grown around a railway junction. The railway line from Invercargill split at Thornbury, with one branch going around the coast to Riverton and Tuatapere/Orawia, and the Wairio Branch going inland to the coal mines at Nightcaps. In 1978 the Tuatapere Branch was closed and was eventually removed.
Thornbury has one school for primary-age children, called Thornbury School [http://www.tki.org.nz/e/schools/display_school_info.php?school_id=4028]. The school celebrated in 2008 its 125th anniversary, the original school having opened on June 6, 1883.

</doc>
<doc id="18543241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18543241" title="Mountain Hardwear">
Mountain Hardwear

Mountain Hardwear, founded in 1993, is a California (USA) -based company that manufactures high-end outdoor clothing, backpacks, sleeping bags, tents, and gloves. Columbia Sportswear purchased Mountain Hardwear in 2003. The company is headquartered in Richmond, California.
History.
In 1993, a small group of former employees of Sierra Designs decided to form Mountain Hardwear. In addition to working in the outdoor industry, the Mountain Hardwear founders were avid outdoors people themselves and included Jack Gilbert, Paul Kramer, Mike Wallenfels, Paige Boucher, Ingrid Harshbarger, Claranne Knittel, Roberta Hernandez, Alan Tabor, and John Cumming. Newly formed Mountain Hardwear had the challenge of bringing technologically-advanced products together to form a product line. 
Mountain Hardwear's first sponsored athlete, Ed Viesturs, the first American to climb all fourteen 8,000 meter peaks (8000ers), helped develop several of the company's products. Two of those original products are still in the line today: the "Exposure Parka" and the down-filled "Sub Zero Jacket" [http://www.mountainhardwear.com/Product.aspx?top=1621&prod=3014&cat=1662&viewAll=False. Viesturs no longer endorses Mountain Hardwear equipment.
The company currently has over 90 people in their California office, more than 35 sales reps and associates across the United States and Europe, and representatives in Canada, Asia, South America, Australia, and New Zealand.
Retail locations.
Mountain Hardwear opened its first retail location in Portland, Oregon in April 2008. A Seattle, Washington retail store opened on December 5, 2008.
Sponsored athletes.
Mountain Hardwear sponsors a number of athletes. Most are alpinists, climbers, or skiers. Sponsored athletes include:
Andrew McLean, Andrew Lock, Bruce Cornell, Dawn Glanc, Erik Weihenmayer, Ethan Pringle, Matt Moniz, Freddie Wilkinson, Jake Meyer, Jamling Norgay, Janet Bergman, Jim McNeill, Julia Niles, Kenton Cool, Kevin Mahoney, Mike Libecki, Neil Gresham, Robert Jasper, Ryan Boyer, Tim Emmet, Ueli Steck.

</doc>
<doc id="18543295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18543295" title="Four Hours to Kill!">
Four Hours to Kill!

Four Hours to Kill! is a 1935 American drama film directed by Mitchell Leisen and starring Richard Barthelmess. 
Original play.
The film was based on a play, "Small Miracle" which ran for 119 performances. 
It was Krasna's second play and he wrote it in the evenings while working as a Columbia Pictures contract writer during the day.
Proposed remake.
In 1944 Paramount announced they would remake the film with Alan Ladd in the lead. However this did not eventuate.

</doc>
<doc id="18543315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18543315" title="Indianapolis Early Music">
Indianapolis Early Music

Indianapolis Early Music (IEM) is a non-profit organization established in Indianapolis in 1966 to organize concerts featuring music of the medieval, renaissance, baroque, and early classic eras. It produces the annual Indianapolis Early Music Festival, one of the oldest Early Music festivals in the United States.
Its annual summer festival spans three weekends and features American and international performers who perform on instruments of the period. Beyond the festival, IEM also presents other Early Music concerts throughout the year while also fostering educational programs in Indianapolis schools.
History.
Indianapolis Early Music, originally known by its corporate name of the Festival Music Society, was founded in 1966 to provide music during the summer months when the Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra, now one of the few full-year U.S. orchestras, was on vacation. The IEM initially concentrated on the major works of the baroque era, such as Bach, Handel and Vivaldi. The range of music presented was soon expanded to include that of the Renaissance and Medieval periods. Music played at IEM concerts is that of works generally composed between 900 AD and 1800 AD. Performances have included vocal music, both choral and solo; instrumental music, both ensemble and solo, and dance, court, folk and ballet. Among the more noteworthy early concerts was the 1977 performance of the cycle of seven Bach Partitas by harpsichordist Igor Kipnis in Indianapolis before making his Grammy-nominated recordings of them for Angel Records.
Outreach.
IEM has a long association with National Public Radio (NPR). NPR broadcasts selections of IEM concerts throughout the United States and Canada on its program Performance Today. Most recently, selections from the 2011 Festival were featured on the NPR Early Music program, Harmonia. In addition, IEM has conducted workshops in early music and dance, presented a symposium and exposition of historical musical instruments, and sponsored the Collegiate Virtuoso competition.
Artistic and music directors.
The position of IEM music director was held by Frank Cooper for 35 years. A former member of the faculty of Butler University, Cooper is currently Research Professor of Music in the Department of Musicology at the University of Miami, Coral Gables, Florida and Associate Curator of Fine Arts at the Vizcaya Museum in Miami, Florida.
In 2008, IEM appointed Mark Cudek as its Artistic Director following the retirement of Cooper. The 2001 recipient of Early Music America's Thomas Binkley Award for outstanding contributions to Early Music education, Cudek is the Director of the Peabody Conservatory's Early Music department at Johns Hopkins in Baltimore. Cudek is a performer specializing in guitar, recorder, crumhorn, bass viol, and percussion. Among the groups he has toured with are Hesperus, Apollo's Fire, Catacoustic Consort, and the Baltimore Consort. Cudek is actively involved in the Peabody Renaissance Ensemble and was creator and Director of the High School Early Music Program at the Interlochen Arts Camp in Michigan. He is the creator of a Masters program at Peabody; instituted a new Baroque Orchestra, and has developed an Early Music program at the Walters Art Museum in Baltimore. Mark Cudek earned a B.F.A. from the University of New York and M.Music from the Peabody Institute.
2013 Season.
The 2013 Indianapolis Early Music Festival will span three weekends in June and July 2013. Featured performers will include Julianne Baird, Chatham Baroque, Daniel Swenberg, Nell Snaidas, Montreal's Le Nef, Michael Slattery, Wayward Sisters, and Belgium's Flanders Recorder Quartet. All concerts will be held at the Frank and Katrina Basile Theater at the Indiana History Center on the Canal in Downtown Indianapolis. 
In addition, IEM will co-sponsor the return of Britain's Tallis Scholars in March 2013, a performance that will be held at St.Paul's Episcopal Church.
Additional educational programming is scheduled for area middle and high schools.

</doc>
<doc id="18543355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18543355" title="Nemanja Mirosavljev">
Nemanja Mirosavljev

Nemanja Mirosavljev (Serbian Cyrillic: Немања Миросављев; born May 10, 1970 in Novi Sad, SAP Vojvodina, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Serbian sport shooter. He is currently a member of SD Novi Sad 1790.
Mirosavljev has competed at three Summer Olympics in his career, under three different flags - Independent Olympic Participants, Yugoslavia and also Serbia and Montenegro.
At the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, People's Republic of China, Mirosavljev once again represented his country - Serbia. He gained his qualification by taking 5th place at the 2007 World Cup #2 Rifle, Pistol in Sydney, Australia and competed at the 50 m Rifle 3 Positions Men event in Beijing. 
He also competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18543362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18543362" title="Cln3">
Cln3

G1/S-specific cyclin Cln3 is a protein that is encoded by the "CLN3" gene. The Cln3 protein is a budding yeast G1 cyclin that controls the timing of "Start", the point of commitment to a mitotic cell cycle. It is an upstream regulator of the other G1 cyclins, and it is thought to be the key regulator linking cell growth to cell cycle progression. It is a 65 kD, unstable protein; like other cyclins, it functions by binding and activating cyclin-dependent kinase (CDK).
Cln3 in "Start" regulation.
Cln3 regulates "Start", the point at which budding yeast commit to the G1/S transition and thus a round of mitotic division. It was first identified as a gene controlling this process in the 1980s; research over the past few decades has provided a mechanistic understanding of its function.
Identification of "CLN3" gene.
The "CLN3" gene was originally identified as the "whi1-1" allele in a screen for small size mutants of Saccharomyces cerevisiae (for Cln3's role in size control, see below). This screen was inspired by a similar study in Schizosaccharomyces pombe, in which the "Wee1" gene was identified as an inhibitor of cell cycle progression that maintained normal cell size. Thus, the "WHI1" gene was at first thought to perform a size control function analogous to that of "Wee1" in "pombe". However, it was later found that "WHI1" was in fact a positive regulator of "Start", as its deletion caused cells to delay in G1 and grow larger than wild-type cells. The original "WHI1-1" allele (changed from "whi1-1" because it is a dominant allele) in fact contained a nonsense mutation that removed a degradation-promoting PEST sequence from the Whi1 protein and thus accelerated G1 progression. "WHI1" was furthermore found to be a cyclin homologue, and it was shown that simultaneous deletion of "WHI1"—renamed "CLN3"—and the previously identified G1 cyclins, "CLN1" and "CLN2", caused permanent G1 arrest. This showed that the three G1 cyclins were responsible for controlling "Start" entry in budding yeast.
G1-S transition.
The three G1 cyclins collaborate to drive yeast cells through the G1-S transition, i.e. to enter S-phase and begin DNA replication. The current model of the gene regulatory network controlling the G1-S transition is shown in Figure 1. The key targets of the G1 cyclins in this transition are the transcription factors SBF and MBF (not shown in the diagram), as well as the B-type cyclin inhibitor Sic1. Cln-CDKs activate SBF by phosphorylating and promoting nuclear export of its inhibitor, Whi5, which associates with promoter-bound SBF. The precise mechanism of MBF activation is unknown. Together, these transcription factors promote the expression of over 200 genes, which encode the proteins necessary for carrying out the biochemical activities of S-phase. These include the S-phase cyclins Clb5 and Clb6, which bind CDK to phosphorylate S-phase targets. However, Clb5,6-CDK complexes are inhibited by Sic1, so S-phase initiation requires phosphorylation and degradation of Sic1 by Cln1,2-CDK to proceed fully.
Cln3 activates a Cln1,2 positive feedback loop.
Although all three G1 cyclins are necessary for normal regulation of "Start" and the G1-S transition, Cln3 activity seems to be the deciding factor in S-phase initiation, with Cln1 and Cln2 serving to actuate the Cln3-based decision to transit "Start". It was found early on that Cln3 activity induced expression of Cln1 and Cln2. Furthermore, Cln3 was a stronger activator "Start" transit than Cln1 and Cln2, even though Cln3-CDK had an inherently weaker kinase activity than the other Clns. This indicated that Cln3 was an upstream regulator of Cln1 and Cln2. Furthermore, it was found, as shown in Figure 1, that Cln1 and Cln2 could activate their own transcription via SBF, completing a positive feedback loop that could contribute to rapid activation and S-phase entry. Thus, "Start" transit seems to rely on reaching a sufficient level of Cln3-CDK activity to induce the Cln1,2 positive feedback loop, which rapidly increases SBF/MBF and Cln1,2 activity, allowing a switch-like G1-S transition. The role of positive feedback in this process has been challenged, but recent experiments have confirmed its importance for rapid inactivation and nuclear export of Whi5, which is the molecular basis of commitment to S-phase.
Cln3 and cell size control.
As discussed above, Cln3 was originally identified as a regulator of budding yeast cell size. The elucidation of the mechanisms by which it regulates "Start" has revealed a means for it to link cell size to cell cycle progression, but questions remain as to how it actually senses cell size.
"Start" requires a threshold cell size.
The simple observation that cells of a given type are similar in size, and the question of how this similarity is maintained, has long fascinated cell biologists. The study of cell size control in budding yeast began in earnest in the mid 1970s, when the regulation of the budding yeast cell cycle was first being elucidated by Lee Hartwell and colleagues. Seminal work in 1977 found that yeast cells maintain a constant size by delaying their entry into the cell cycle (as assayed by budding) until they have grown to a threshold size. Later worked refined this result to show that "Start" specifically, rather than some other aspect of the G1-S transition, is controlled by the size threshold.
Translational size sensing.
That "Start" transit requires the attainment of a threshold cell size directly implies that yeast cells measure their own size, so that they can use that information to regulate "Start". A favored model for how yeast cells, as well as cells of other species, measure their size relies on the detection of overall translation rate. Essentially, since cell growth consists, to a great extent, of the synthesis of ribosomes to produce more proteins, the overall rate of protein production should reflect cell size. Thus, a single protein that is produced at a constant rate relative to total protein production capacity will be produced in higher quantities as the cell grows. If this protein promotes cell cycle progression ("Start" in the case of yeast), then it will link cell cycle progression to translation rate and, therefore, cell size. Importantly, this protein must be unstable, so that its levels depend on its "current" translation rate, rather than the rate of translation over time. Furthermore, since the cell grows in volume as well as mass, the concentration of this size sensor will remain constant with growth, so its activity must be compared against something that does not change with cell growth. Genomic DNA was suggested as such a standard early on, because it is (by definition) present in a constant quantity until the start of DNA replication. How this occurs remains a major question in current studies of size control (see below).
Before the identification of Cln3 and its function, accrued evidence indicated that such translational size sensing operated in yeast. First, it was confirmed that the total rate of protein synthesis per cell increases with growth, a fundamental prerequisite for this model. It was later shown that treatment with the protein synthesis inhibitor cycloheximide delayed "Start" in yeast, indicating that translation rate controlled "Start". Finally, it was also shown that this delay occurred even with short pulses of cycloheximide, confirming that an unstable activating protein was required for "Start".
Cln3 as size sensor.
The model of budding yeast size control, in which a threshold size for "Start" entry is detected by a translational size sensor, required a "sizer" protein; the properties of Cln3 made it the prime candidate for that role from the time of its discovery. First, it was a critical "Start" activator, as G1 length varied inversely with Cln3 expression and activity levels. Second, it was expressed nearly constitutively throughout the cell cycle and in G1 in particular—unusual for cyclins, which (as their name suggests) oscillate in expression with the cell cycle. These two properties meant that Cln3 could serve as a "Start" activator that depended on total translation rate. Finally, Cln3 was also shown to be highly unstable, the third necessary property of a translational sizer (as discussed above). 
Thus, Cln3 seems to be the size sensor in budding yeast, as it exhibits the necessary properties of a translational sizer and is the most upstream regulator of "Start". A critical question remains, however, as to how its activity is rendered size dependent. As noted above, any translational size sensor should be at constant concentration, and thus constant activity, in the cytoplasm as cells grow. In order to detect its size, the cell must compare the absolute number of sizer molecules to some non-growing standard, with the genome the obvious choice for such a standard. It was originally thought that yeast accomplished this with Cln3 by localizing it (and its target, Whi5) to the nucleus: nuclear volume was assumed to scale with genome content, so that an increasing concentration of Cln3 in the nucleus could indicate increasing Cln3 molecules relative to the genome. However, the nucleus has recently been shown to grow during G1, irrespective of genome content, undermining this model. Recent experiments have suggested that Cln3 activity could be titrated directly against genomic DNA, through its DNA-bound interaction with SBF-Whi5 complexes. Finally, other models exist that do not rely on comparison of Cln3 levels to DNA. One posits a non-linear relationship between total translation rate and Cln3 translation rate caused by an Upstream open reading frame; another suggests that the increase in Cln3 activity at the end of G1 relies on competition for the chaperone protein Ydj1, which otherwise holds Cln3 molecules in the Endoplasmic reticulum.

</doc>
<doc id="18543381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18543381" title="History of Dutch religion">
History of Dutch religion

Prior to the arrival of Christianity, the ancestors of the Dutch observed a form of Germanic paganism augmented with various Celtic elements, due to the close proximity of various Celtic tribes and the general cultural blend of the region. At the start of the 6th century the first (Hiberno-Scottish) missionaries arrived. They were later replaced by Anglo-Saxon missionaries, who eventually succeeded in converting most of the inhabitants to Catholic Christianity by the 8th century. Germanic/Frankish mythology influenced Christianity, and various stories of Dutch folklore can trace origins to it.
Catholicism then dominated Dutch religion until the early 16th century, when the Protestant Reformation began to form. Early Protestantism in the form of Lutheranism did not gain much support among the Dutch, but Calvinism, introduced two decades later, did. It began its spread in the Westhoek and the County of Flanders, where secret sermons were held in the outside, called "hagenpreken" ("hedgerow orations") in Dutch. Gradually discontent among the Dutch grew, and erupted in 1566 with the so-called "Beeldenstorm", a surge of iconoclasm, which quickly spread among all Dutch regions and finally resulted in what would become the Dutch revolt.
The ruler of the Netherlandish regions, a devout Catholic, Philip II of Spain, felt it was his duty to fight Protestantism, and, after the wave of iconoclasm, sent troops to crush the rebellion and make the Low Countries a Catholic region once more. The Protestants, many part of the merchant elite, in the Southern Low Countries (Flanders, Brabant) fled North "en masse". An extreme example was the population of the city of Hondschoote, which dropped from 18,000 to a mere 385 inhabitants. Antwerp, the most powerful city in the Low Countries, lost more than half its citizens to this exodus. Equivalent movements of Catholics to the southern provinces followed. 
Most of the Dutch Protestants were now concentrated in the free Dutch provinces above the river Rhine, while the Catholic Dutch were situated in the Spanish occupied or dominated South. After the Peace of Westphalia in 1648, Protestantism did not spread South, resulting in a religious and political situation lasting to this day: the division of the formerly united Netherlands into two states, a mainly Protestant one in the north, the modern Netherlands, and an overwhelmingly Catholic one, now Belgium, in the south. 
Between the 16th and the 18th centuries, many French Calvinist Protestants ( the famous " Huguenots ", persecuted in their own country ) found refuge in Holland .
Contemporary Dutch are generally nominally Christian. People of Dutch ancestry in the United States, Canada, and South Africa are generally more religious than their European counterparts; for example the numerous Dutch communities of western Michigan remain strongholds of the Reformed Church in America and the Christian Reformed Church, both descendants of the Dutch Reformed Church, as well as other more conservative denominations such as the Protestant Reformed Church and the Netherlands Reformed Congregations.

</doc>
<doc id="18543396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18543396" title="Disgorge Mexico">
Disgorge Mexico

Disgorge Mexico is the eighth album by Canadian grindcore band Fuck the Facts. It is their second album on Relapse Records from a three album contract with the label. The instruments were recorded from the 6th to the 17th of August 2007 at Liverpool Court Studios in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada. The vocals were recorded in November 2007 at Fuck the Facts own home studio (The Tower of Self Medication Studio). The album was mixed and mastered at CB Audio in Winnipeg from December 2007 until March 2008.
An enhanced portion of the CD includes a story accounting the events leading up to the writing of the album. There is also a video, "High Street," which was created by David Hall (who also directed the video for "The Sound of Your Smashed Head") which features music by the band. A studio video and audio journal from the road trip are also included.
A vinyl pressing of the album was set to be released in early 2009 on Coptercrash Records on gold, white and clear vinyl, however, the label had to cancel it because of financial troubles. The album was finally pressed on vinyl and released by Stillborn Records in June 2009. The pressing consisted of 400 copies on white vinyl, and 100 on black.
Writing process.
Following the final tour for their last album "Stigmata High-Five", Fuck the Facts parted ways with their bass player Steve Chartier. A few weeks later, Topon and Vil drove a van on a two week trip to Mexico and back to write the new album. They took a variety of demo and rehearsal tapes with them that they had gathered over the years, and would use rehearsal space along the way at friends' places or garages to piece together the album. Upon returning to Canada, they spent a few more weeks fine-tuning the material they had come up with, and then brought it to the studio.
Release.
The album was first mentioned by the band in the late summer and early fall of 2007. During the recording process (the fall of 2007), little was mentioned on the album's progress; additionally, the band did not have any live shows scheduled. On April 24, 2008, the album was officially announced via the band's official website and Myspace website, with some words on the process of making the album.
On June 21, following a tour of Western Canada with Neuraxis and Gross Misconduct, Fuck the Facts posted two songs from the new album ("Absence and Despite" and "The Storm") on their Myspace page. On June 30 a third song, "Apathy Is a Karma Killer," was posted. Following that, the band streamed one song a day (in the order found on the album) from July 7 until July 21. Following the release of the album, the band performed a free CD release party in their hometown of Hull, Quebec at Le Petit Chicago. They performed Disgorge Mexico in its entirety from start to finish. This performance was later released on "".

</doc>
<doc id="18543397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18543397" title="Twist-necked turtle">
Twist-necked turtle

The Twist-necked turtle, "Platemys platycephala", also known as the flat-headed turtle is distributed widely across northern South America. Twist-necked turtles have extremely flat shells that help them hide from predators under rocks and debris. When threatened, this turtle withdraws by twisting its head into its shell. "Platemys platycephala" or the twist-necked turtle is the only species of the genus "Platemys" and occurs in northern and central South America. "Platemys platycephala" means “flat turtle, flat-head” and accurately describes the structure of the head and shell. This species inhabits shallow creek beds and frequently forages on the floor of the Amazon rainforest for insects, amphibians, and mollusks. Camouflage, head and body shape, and advanced sexual anatomy allow this species of turtle to effectively populate much of South America. Mating occurs during rainy months (March–December) and egg deposit occurs during dry months (January–March). Males have been known to behave aggressively towards females during copulation by squirting water from nostrils and biting. A few genomic studies show mosaicism exists among populations of the twist-necked turtle in Surinam- a country in northern South America. In other words, diploid and triploid levels exist within and among individuals at this particular location. No threats have been reported for this species and IUCN (International Union for Conservation of Nature) does not have a current listing. Lack of consumption due to the species' small size and inability to reproduce in captivity help explain why scientists are not concerned about this turtle species.
Diagnosis.
The twist-necked turtle now represents the only species of "Platemys" and can be distinguished from close relatives ("Acanthochelys") by its doubly flat body plan, both a flattened shell and a flattened head. Also, this turtle displays an unusual dual grooved pattern on the carapace. "Platemys platycephala" inhabits a wide range compared to other "Acanthochelys" turtles, see distribution. Two subspecies, Platemys platycephala platycephala and Platemys platycephala melanonota exist based on color pattern, see subspecies distribution. Camouflage is highly useful for the twist-necked turtle because it inhabits shallow pools and creek beds. The orange and brown head pattern make it difficult to spot from above because of similarly colored leaf litter among small pools and creek beds. Other distinctions include a hook at the base of the foot for copulation in males and a specialized opening at the base of the plastron for oviposition (egg deposit).
Description.
"Platemys platycephala" is a medium-sized turtle ranging from 14–18 cm in shell length. Females are slightly smaller on average with shorter tails. The carapace (top portion of the shell) is elliptical and flattened with two raised portions (keels) forming a trough (depression). The carapace is orange to yellow-brown and black in various amounts depending on subspecies. The plastron (lower portion of the shell) is dark brown or black in color while the bridge (side portion of the shell) is yellow with a black bar across. The consistency of these bars also depends on subspecies. Face and neck patterns consist of orange or yellow-brown dorsal stripes and black ventral and lateral stripes. The head is small, triangular, smooth, and undivided. The neck has some conical tubercles- rounded projection and scales that protect against predator attack. 
"Platemys platycephala" is a member of "Pleurodira"- a suborder of turtle. These turtles withdraw their head into their shell by bending their necks sideways instead of straight back like "Cryptodira". The snout projects slightly and the irises are brown. Black limbs consist of large anterior scales while the tail is short and black. Intermediate webbing exists on both anterior and posterior limbs because this turtle moves in water and on land.
Genetics.
A few interesting genetics studies exist for the twist-necked turtle ("Platemys platycephala"). Bickham et al. (1993) performed a small-scale cytological survey on the ploidy levels (number of sets of chromosomes) for somatic and gametic cells on a few specimens in Suriname. The authors examined multiple tissues (spleen, liver, blood, testis) of six specimens (five males, one female) and found cells contained various ploidy levels within and among individuals. One male individual even consisted of triploid-tetraploid cells. More genetic variation was found with respect to diploid (2n) to triploid (3n) ratio occurred among individuals than within individuals. Also, diploid cells exclusively participated in meiosis and subsequent sexual reproduction for males so balanced gametes and normal fertility occurred. 
This is a rare event because of the limited viable polyploid individuals that occur in natural vertebrate populations. The lizard genus "Lacerta" and fish genus "Phoxinus" are the only other known examples of diploid-triploid mosaicism. Additionally, "Platemys platycephala" contains several combinations of ploidy level ("x" n) in various cell or tissue types. This phenomenon is known as mosaicism or chimerism. In a follow-up study Bickham & Hanks (2009) performed cytogenic analysis of the twist-necked turtle to determine how widespread this process is throughout South America and discovered normal diploid populations exist in Bolivia while variable mosaic populations persist in Suriname. Additionally, Darr et al. (2006) found turtle populations from French Guiana had increased triploid frequency compared to both Bolivia and Suriname. Several hypotheses were tested using phylogenetic data from mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA), but a high level of divergence was found for the three monophyletic populations.
Distribution.
The twist-necked turtle inhabits a large area throughout northern and central South America, from the southern Orinoco drainage in Venezuela to the Amazon basin in Brazil. However, "Platemys platycephala", does not inhabit large rivers but instead prefers shallow creeks and forest floors. 
Ernst (1983) surveyed the extensive geographical range of the twist-necked turtle and determined the presence of a dark subspecies in the western range of "Platemys platycephala". The author uses the "Quaternary forest refuge theory" to explain the existence of this subspecies. The theory is based on significant climatic changes occurring in and around the equator during the Quaternary period. During these climatic changes of glaciation the northern rainforests of South America received less rainfall and deteriorated then subsequently expanded during interglaciation. This change caused allopatric speciation to occur among many species and gave rise to a new subspecies- "Platemys platycephala melanonota".
Subspecies.
Two subspecies exist for the twist-necked turtle- "Platemys platycephala platycephala" and "Platemys platycephala melanonota". "P. p. platycephala" inhabits most of the central and eastern territory (Brazil, Guianas, Venezuela, Suriname) while "P. p. melanonata" inhabits the western territory (Peru, Ecuador). The chief distinction between these subspecies is the carapace coloration. "P. p. melanonata", (western twist-necked turtle or black-backed twist-necked turtle), has an entirely dark brown or black top shell. These subspecies interbreed in Bolivia and various river drainages (Río Madre de Dios, Río Mamoré and Ucayali) frequently forming variations in shell pattern.
Ecology.
The coloration and shape of the carapace, head, and feet help conceal this species of turtle from Amazon predator species. Naturally, twist-necked individuals prefer amphibian eggs and consume various insects, mollusks (snails and slugs), amphibians, and some plant life through terrestrial and aquatic foraging. In captivity, specimens can flourish on reptile food, veggies, insects, worms and even fish. "Platemys platycephala" are likely to be found in shallow pools and can inhabit dry areas for long periods of time. Fretey (1975) states several individuals can even become heavily parasitized by leeches (81 suckers found on one turtle) during the dormant dry season and suffer accordingly.
Life history.
"Platemys platycephala" young or hatchlings typically resemble parents except for brighter coloration. Twist-necked hatchlings measure around 4–6 cm in carapace length and about 20 g or 0.04 lbs. Mating typically occurs during the rainy season of the Amazon rainforest (late March to early December). Males follow females, mount from behind, then proceed to rub their chin barbels (fleshy filament) against the top of females’ head. Some authors also report violent biting and water expulsion from the males nostrils during copulation. Coupling has been observed on land or in water and usually occurs late in the afternoon or at night. Oviposition comes during the dry season (late December to early March) when the female deposits a large, oval egg (around 5 cm long and 2.5 cm wide). Many herpetologists report females depositing another egg a couple of weeks later while some recreational collectors report multiple eggs at a time. Shallow indentations are made to deposit eggs and then lightly covered by sand and/or leaf litter.
Conservation.
No direct threats are evident for "Platemys platycephala" because human consumption is inefficient due to the small size of the turtle. Additionally, this turtle does not perform well in captivity so the pet market is minimal but some amateurs do try. France placed this species on its list of protected species for French Guiana and prohibits the capture of any specimens, for hunting, trading, etc. The IUCN Red List does not currently list this species. Additionally, the USGS reports a few twist-necked specimens were found on a southern Florida golf course but no impact is expected to occur.

</doc>
<doc id="18543400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18543400" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Trujillo">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Trujillo

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Trujillo may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18543419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18543419" title="Jwaiya">
Jwaiya

Jwaiya (also, Jwaya, Jwaiya, and Jwaiyya) is a town in southern Lebanon. Its inhabitants are Shia Muslims. Jwaiya is the home to many Lebanese immigrants in the diaspora.
Jwaiya is also known for its great homes built mostly by Lebanese who make their earning in Africa

</doc>
<doc id="18543431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18543431" title="Damn Damn Leash">
Damn Damn Leash

Damn Damn Leash is Be Your Own Pet's first EP. It was released in 2004 in the United States and in 2005 in Europe and Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="18543441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18543441" title="Alfredo Seiferheld">
Alfredo Seiferheld

Alfredo Seiferheld (July 26, 1950 – June 3, 1988) was a Paraguayan writer and journalist.
Early life and education.
Born in Villarrica, Guairá, Seiferheld was the son of Jewish parents who had fled Europe and settled years before in Paraguay. He received his high school diploma in 1967. At the beginning of the seventies, Seinferheld studied at the University of the Sorbonne in Paris. Subsequently, he pursued postgraduate studies at the School of Philosophy of the National University of Asunción where he received a gold medal. He was married to Bibi Yurita.
Career.
In 1986 he received his doctorate degree for his thesis work titled "Nazism and fascism in Paraguay". Seiferheld published "Post and stamps Paraguayans" in 1975 and "Philately, fans without barriers" in 1976. He was the founder and first president of the Philatelic Association of Paraguay. He authored a book "The Jews in Paraguay" in 1981, reflecting on the Jewish presence in Paraguay. He was an active journalist in the daily newspaper ABC Color in Paraguay, where he published numerous articles of historical content, some of them gathered in the" 'Politico-Military Talks'". He was the creator of the Editorial "Historical". Seiferheld's works during his last years were the most prolific in the field of culture. He died after a long illness on June 3, 1988, aged 37 years. He was a correspondent for the Associated Press news agency and the U.S. Times magazine.
Awards.
He elected by the Junior Chamber of Paraguay in 1980. In 1982 he was named among the "12 year", an important award granted by radio from Paraguay.

</doc>
<doc id="18543442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18543442" title="Joseph Gonzales (footballer)">
Joseph Gonzales (footballer)

Joseph Gonzales (19 February 1907 in Béni Saf, French Algeria – 26 June 1984) was a French football player. He participated in the 1934 FIFA World Cup.
Gonzales played club football for US Valenciennes, Fives and Olympique de Marseille. He was also the manager of Marseille in 1943 and 1944.

</doc>
<doc id="18543448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18543448" title="Universal approximation theorem">
Universal approximation theorem

In the mathematical theory of neural networks, the universal approximation theorem states that a feed-forward network with a single hidden layer containing a finite number of neurons, the simplest form of the multilayer perceptron, is a universal approximator among continuous functions on compact subsets of Rn, under mild assumptions on the activation function.
One of the first versions of the theorem was proved by George Cybenko in 1989 for sigmoid activation functions.
Kurt Hornik showed in 1991 that it is not the specific choice of the activation function, but rather the multilayer feedforward architecture itself which gives neural networks the potential of being universal approximators. The output units are always assumed to be linear. For notational convenience, only the single output case will be shown. The general case can easily be deduced from the single output case.
Formal statement.
The theorem in mathematical terms:
Let φ(·) be a nonconstant, bounded, and monotonically-increasing continuous function. Let "I""m" denote the "m"-dimensional unit hypercube [0,1]"m". The space of continuous functions on "I""m" is denoted by "C"("I""m"). Then, given any function "f" ∈ "C"("I""m") and є > 0, there exist an integer "N" and real constants "α""i", "b""i" ∈ R, "w""i" ∈ R"m", where "i" = 1, ..., "N" such that we may define:
as an approximate realization of the function "f" where "f" is independent of φ; that is,
for all "x" ∈ "I""m". In other words, functions of the form "F(x)" are dense in "C"("I""m").

</doc>
<doc id="18543451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18543451" title="Allison Tranquilli">
Allison Tranquilli

Allison Petra Cook-Tranquilli (born 12 August 1972 in Melbourne, Victoria) is a retired female basketball player from Australia, who played for the Melbourne Tigers and PVSK Pecs in Hungary. A two-time Olympian she was a member of the national women's team that claimed the bronze medal at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia. She attended the Australian Institute of Sport in 1990-1991. 

</doc>
<doc id="18543461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18543461" title="Michael Moran (journalist)">
Michael Moran (journalist)

Michael E. Moran (born May 1962, Kearny, New Jersey) is an author and analyst of international affairs, a digital documentarian and Vice President, Country Risk at Control Risks, a global political risk and security consultancy. A foreign policy journalist and geostrategist for investment banks and financial consultancies, he is author of The Reckoning: Debt, Democracy and the Future of American Power and co-author of the 2012 book The Fastest Billion: The Story Behind Africa's Economic Revolution. Moran served as Editor-in-Chief at the investment bank [http://www.renaissancegroup.com/InvestmentBanking/About/ Renaissance Capital and has been a collaborator of renowned economist Nouriel Roubini as well commentator for "Slate", the BBC and NBC News. He also spent a decade as an adjunct professor of journalism at Bard College and was the founding editor of the award-winning Crisis Guides documentary series for the Council on Foreign Relations.
Biography.
Moran's career has included periods at major media outlets: Senior correspondent, MSNBC.com (2003–05); senior producer, International News and Special Reports, MSNBC.com (1996–2003); U.S. affairs analyst, BBC World Service (1993–96); senior editor, Radio Free Europe (1990–93), former reporter for Associated Press, "St. Petersburg Times", "Sarasota Herald-Tribune" (1985–88).
Moran also served as Hearst New Media Fellow at Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism and was a longtime board member of the Overseas Press Club, as well as a judge of its annual awards. His work has appeared in the "New York Times", "The Washington Post", "Newsweek", "The Economist", "The Spectator" (UK), "The Guardian", "The New Leader", and has spoken on National Public Radio and in many other outlets. He has lectured at dozens of universities and think tanks around the world.
From 2005 to June 2009, he served as executive editor of CFR.org, the website of the Council on Foreign Relations. Moran is also a foreign affairs columnist for Globalpost.com, and a member of the communications advisory board of Human Rights Watch. From 2009 to May 2011, he served as vice president, executive editor and senior geostrategy analyst at Roubini Global Economics, the macro/strategy consultancy founded by economist Nouriel Roubini.
Publications.
Moran's book, "The Reckoning: Debt, Democracy and the Future of American Power", was published in 2012 by Palgrave Macmillan. In the book, Moran argues that US policymakers reacted incorrectly to the 2008 financial crisis, exacerbating US problems, but that demographics and cultural factors still make the US the economy to watch in the 21st century - a good thing for the many smaller countries who undervalue the role American influence and power plays in their own economic stability.
Starting in 2008, Moran led a team that received a series of Emmy awards for documentary work. In 2008, he served as Executive Producer of a team that won a News & Documentary Emmy award for " Crisis Guide: Darfur", an interactive multimedia feature on the humanitarian crisis in Sudan's Darfur region. He repeated the following year (2009), winning the Emmy in the "New Approaches to Business and Financial Coverage" category for Crisis Guide: The Global Economy. In April 2011, "Crisis Guide: Pakistan" received an Overseas Press Club award. In 2012, Moran and his team won its third Emmy with Crisis Guide: Iran, the final in the series.<br>
As a columnist, Moran may be best known for his work during his years at MSNBC.com, Brave New World. One column in particular, written in December, 1999, was entitled "Times's Up for the Taliban" and, citing the threat Osama bin Laden presented to major cities in the United States, advocated a U.S.-led coalition of like-minded states invade and capture the al-Qaida leader. He broke the 2004 story of inadequate armor on American Humvee patrol vehicles, a revelation which, combined with the quick, angry response of service parents, ultimately forcing the Pentagon to spend tens of millions to "back-armor" the vehicles. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jack_H._Jacobs, a retired U.S. Army colonel awarded the Congressional Medal of Honor during the Vietnam War, said of Moran's Humvee reporting was "an important story that helped save countless lives. All the more impressive because wartime makes it hard to bring this kind of stuff to light."

</doc>
<doc id="18543463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18543463" title="Jean Girard">
Jean Girard

Jean Girard (8 August 1696 – 23 February 1765) was a French organist, serpent player, and schoolmaster who was primarily active in Canada. He was one of the first professional musicians living and working in the city of Montreal. 
Born in Bourges, Girard initially intended to become a priest and entered the seminary of the Society of Saint-Sulpice in his native city in 1720. He never became ordained and began his career as a singing master at the seminary at the Église Saint-Sulpice, Paris in 1724. The following July he sailed across the Atlantic to Canada where he remained for the rest of his life. From 1724 until his death in 1765 he served as the organist of the Notre-Dame Church in Montreal. He also was active as a teacher.

</doc>
<doc id="18543503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18543503" title="Wrestling at the 1988 Summer Olympics – Men's Greco-Roman 57 kg">
Wrestling at the 1988 Summer Olympics – Men's Greco-Roman 57 kg

The Men's Greco-Roman 57 kg at the 1988 Summer Olympics as part of the wrestling program were held at the Sangmu Gymnasium, Seongnam.
Tournament results.
The wrestlers are divided into 2 groups. The winner of each group decided by a double-elimination system. 

</doc>
<doc id="18543526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18543526" title="Scifentology II">
Scifentology II

Scifentology II is American Hip hop artist Yak Ballz’s second full-length album. It features production from Aesop Rock, Mondee, the late Camu Tao, Chapter 7, Adept and Chris Maestro. Guest features include Cage, Tame One, Peter Toh, Thomas Phenomas and Slow Suicide Stimulus. Full color art work by graffiti graphic artist Ewok One 5MH.

</doc>
<doc id="18543537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18543537" title="Diary of a Teenage Girl">
Diary of a Teenage Girl

Diary of a Teenage Girl is a series of Christian young adult novels written by Melody Carlson. 
Main Characters.
Each of the series' major characters has serious family problems, but find their faith a grounding influence.

</doc>
<doc id="18543541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18543541" title="Mitzi Martin">
Mitzi Martin

Mitzi Martin (born December 27, 1967) in Los Angeles, California is an American actress and model, most notable for her roles in the films "Harley Davidson and the Marlboro Man", "Joe Dirt", "Dude, Where's My Car?", and "The Island". Her likeness and image were also used for the character Cate Archer in the computer game "No One Lives Forever".
Career.
Modeling.
Martin first came to prominence as a fashion model. Early in her career, she was signed to top agencies such as Marilyn Models in Paris, the now defunct Bethann Models in New York, and Elite Models Los Angeles. Martin has appeared in advertisements for Finesse Shampoo, L'oreal, Laise Adzer, Cutex, 000.1 studio by Ferre, and LA Eyeworks. She has also graced numerous magazine covers including Elle Spain, Vogue Germany, Elle Netherlands, Flare Magazine, Model, Moda Magazine, Estetica, and Harper's Bazaar.
She is currently represented by Heffner Model Management in Seattle.
Acting.
After a successful career as a fashion model, Martin embarked on an acting career. In 1991, she made her first appearance in the feature film "Harley Davidson and the Marlboro Man". It wasn't until 2000 that Martin focused her attention to acting appearing in films such as "Dude, Where's my Car?", "Joe Dirt", "S1m0ne" and "The Island".
Personal life.
Currently, Martin is married to Josh Todd of Buckcherry and resides in Los Angeles with her children Willow (b.1996) and Jack (b. 1998).

</doc>
<doc id="18543546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18543546" title="Clear Creek, Utah">
Clear Creek, Utah

Clear Creek is a small census-designated place in Carbon County, Utah, located at the south end of State Route 96 and the Pleasant Valley Branch of the Union Pacific Railroad (ex-D&RGW).
History.
Clear Creek was founded in the 1870s as a logging camp that supplied lumber to the nearby mining town of Winter Quarters. About twenty years after Clear Creek was founded, coal was discovered beneath the town. Soon after, a mine was developed. In 1898, the Denver and Rio Grande Western Railroad built a spur line from Scofield to the mine at Clear Creek. Two years later, the Utah Fuel Company built 25 homes, a hotel, a store, a hospital, a schoolhouse, a workshop, and a water plant in the town. From 1910-1920, 2,000 tons of coal was being mined per day, and Clear Creek had about 600 residents. In 1930, the need for coal began to decrease. By 1955, the mine cut production and the town's population had decreased to 150. As of 1986, four families lived in Clear Creek year-round.
According to the 2010 Census, there were four people residing at this location.
It is currently also used as a recreation and camp area for various schools and programs, with cabins, a restroom and shower area, and a recreation and eating area.

</doc>
<doc id="18543552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18543552" title="Mary Point Estate">
Mary Point Estate

Mary Point Estate is a historic property located on the north coast of Saint John, United States Virgin Islands on Mary's Point. The plantation was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places on May 22, 1978.
History.
The land on which Mary Point Estate is located was originally held by Danish West India and Guinea Company officials during the early years of Danish settlement. Not being prime land for planting, the land was held until new settlers needed property. The van Stell family was the first controlling landholding on Mary's Point.
In the aftermath of the 1733 slave insurrection on St. John, Franz Claasen was deeded the Mary's Point estate for alerting the family of the rebellion and assisting in their escape to St. Thomas, a nearby island. Franz Claasen's land deed was recorded on August 20, 1738 by Jacob van Stell. Claasen was the first "Free Colored" landowner on St. John.
Augustus Kragh and the Grancis family were owners of the Mary Point Estate during the late 18th century. Hans Hendrik Berg, a governor and president of St. John and St. Thomas, was an owner of the Mary Point Estate during the 19th century. During this time an L-shaped factory and the one-story Great House were constructed on the property. In addition to the Great House, a servant's quarters, farm building, and cemetery remain.

</doc>
<doc id="18543553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18543553" title="74th meridian west">
74th meridian west

The meridian 74° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, North America, the Atlantic Ocean, the Caribbean Sea, South America, the Pacific Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
In the United States, the meridian passes through New York City.
In Antarctica, the meridian defines the western limit of the Argentinian territorial claim, and passes through the Chilean and British claims – the three claims overlap.
The 74th meridian west forms a great circle with the 106th meridian east.
From Pole to Pole.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 74th meridian west passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="18543562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18543562" title="Jenny Whittle">
Jenny Whittle

Jennifer (Jenny) Hazel Whittle (born 5 September 1973) is a retired Australian women's basketball player. 
Biography.
National team.
Whittle was a regular member of the national team for over a decade, from 1993 until 2006. Playing Centre, Whittle was a key contributor to the Opals’ success at international events during the 1990s and 2000s, with strong rebounding and defence a feature of her game.
Whittle broke into the Australian side as a 20 year-old, following her success at the 1993 World Championship for Junior Women, where she won a Gold medal. At that tournament, Whittle played alongside other future Opals stars, Michelle Brogan, Kristi Harrower, Carla Boyd and Jo Hill. The following year, Whittle was selected to play for the Opals at the 1994 World Championship for Women, held in Australia. The young side finished a respectable 4th and would mark the start of a highly successful era for Whittle and the Opals.
Whittle was selected to play for Australia at the 1996 Atlanta Olympics. That team would go onto win a Bronze medal earning Australia its first ever international basketball medal for either men or women at the senior level. At the 1998 World Championships held in Germany, Whittle would win her second Bronze medal. Playing in front of a home crowd at the Sydney 2000 Olympics, Whittle won a Silver medal, her second medal at an Olympic Games. At the 2002 World Championship held in China, the Opals and Whittle would win their 4th consecutive medal in international play, claiming another Bronze. 
Having retired following the 2002 World Championship, Whittle was not considered for selection to represent Australia at the 2004 Olympics in Athens. However, later that year former Opals coach Tom Maher convinced Whittle to break her retirement. That decision led to the highlight of Whittles's career at the 2006 World Championship held in Brazil. As co-captain of the team with Lauren Jackson, the Opals won the tournament and first ever Gold medal at an official international event. In a sign of true respect for Whittle, after Jackson accepted the World Championship trophy, she walked down the line of Opals players and handed it to Whittle. Earlier that year, Whittle would also win a Gold medal at the Commonwealth Games, again as co-captain with Lauren Jackson.
Following the Opals success at the 2006 World Championship, Whittle retired from international competition, saying, "it's the right time to go" and "it’s great to leave the international game on top". Whittle ended her career having played 262 games for the Opals, 5th highest all-time. Her 6 medals (2 Gold, 1 Silver & 3 Bronze) at official FIBA tournaments makes Whittle one of Australia's most successful and decorated basketball players at the international level. Whittle has also been referred to as one of the Opals best ever players. Along with her Gold medal win at the 2006 World Championship, Whittle also named the Sydney Olympics as a career event highlight, as well as playing alongside World Champions Lauren Jackson and Tully Bevilaqua.
In 2013, Whittle was one of several former players on new Opals head coach, Brendan Joyce, list to be appointed as the assistant coach, but she declared herself unavailable. In November 2013, Whittle was inducted into the Gold Coast Sporting Hall of Fame, joining other recipients that include golfer Greg Norman and five-time World 500cc champion Mick Doohan. Also in November 2013, Kristi Harrower named the 12 best Opals players she had played with over 20 years and named Whittle in that team.
WNBL.
In the domestic Women's National Basketball League (WNBL), Whittle played 295 games for the Australian Institude of Sport (1989 - 1991), Brisbane Blazers (1992 - 1997), Perth Breakers (1998 - 1999), Bulleen Boomers (2000), Canberra Capitals (2005 - 2006) and Adelaide Lightning (2007 - 2009). Her 295 career games ranks 11th all-time. Whittle's three years at the Australian Institute of Sport was as a scholarship holder. Despite missing several seasons while playing in Europe, Whittle holds the WNBL all-time records for blocked shots (673) and defensive assists (106). She also ranks in the all-time top 10 for points scored (3,670), defensive rebounds (1,842), total rebounds (2,255) and turnovers (727).
Whittle was selected to the WNBL All-Star Five on four occasions; 1996, 1997, 2004/05 and 2005/06. Also in 2005/06, Whittle was named the Canberra Capitals Most Valuable Player. Whittle won WNBL Championships with Canberra in 2005/06 and with Adelaide Lightning in 2007/08.
Whittle was awarded WNBL Life Membership in 2006.
WNBA.
Whittle nominated for the 1999 Womens National Basketball Association draft and was selected in the fourth round (pick 37 overall) by the Washington Mystics. In 1999, she played in 3 games before returning to Australia to concentrate on playing for Australia at the 2000 Sydney Olympics and practice full time with the team. In 2001, Whittle was playing in Europe, but returned to the WNBA where she played a further 4 games for the Mystics. On 14 June 2001, Whittle was placed on the injured list and eight days later her contract was terminated by the Mystics. She returned to Europe to play.
European Leagues.
For a number of years from the late 1990s until the mid 2000s, Whittle played professionally in Europe - with distinction - with the Burgos club in the Spanish Basketball League, Tarbes in the French Basketball League and Pécs 2010 in the Hungarian Basketball League.

</doc>
<doc id="18543566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18543566" title="John Griffiths (mathematician)">
John Griffiths (mathematician)

John Griffiths (1837 or 1838 – May 1916) was a Welsh mathematician and academic associated with Jesus College, Oxford for nearly 60 years.
Biography.
Griffiths was born near Kidwelly in Carmarthenshire, Wales and educated at Cowbridge Grammar School. He matriculated at Jesus College in 1857 with a scholarship, and obtained a first-class degree in Mathematics, winning the Junior and Senior Mathematical Scholarships. In 1863, he was elected as Fellow and Tutor in Mathematics at Jesus College. He held his fellowship until his death in May 1916, by which time he had become the longest-serving fellow. He also served as the college's bursar for a time.
He was particularly interested in analytical geometry, publishing numerous papers in mathematical journals and two tracts on theorems connected with the geometry of the triangle. He was described in his obituary in The Times as "a man of a very sociable and affectionate nature excessively shy." He died in May 1916 in his native village in Carmarthenshire.

</doc>
<doc id="18543571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18543571" title="Extra Extra EP">
Extra Extra EP

Extra Extra was Be Your Own Pet's final release in 2006. After their successful debut album "Be Your Own Pet", and "Summer Sensation".

</doc>
<doc id="18543576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18543576" title="Wilhelm Szewczyk">
Wilhelm Szewczyk

Wilhelm Szewczyk (5 January 1916 – 8 June 1991) was a Polish writer, poet, literary critic, translator and activist of the National Radical Camp from the region of Silesia.
He was born in Czuchów (now part of Czerwionka-Leszczyny, Rybnik County) and was raised in familok in Czerwionka. Szewczyk attended State Liceum in Rybnik and after finishing it relocated to Katowice; and until 1939 worked in local radio station of Polskie Radio.
During World War II he was forced to join the German Army and in 1941-1942 stayed on the Western Front in Normandy and later on the Eastern Front in Soviet Union. In August 1941 was injured at the battle of Smolensk. When healed in Thuringia, he was sent to Alsace to the front. For his pacifist stances was arrested and in 1942 jailed in Katowice.
After the war Szewczyk returned to Katowice where he worked as editor of "Odra" weekly and in 1947-1951 was a literary director of Silesian Theatre. He then worked in several literary magazines.
Szewczyk was also a deputy in the Sejm (Parliament) in 1957-1965 and 1969-1980. He died on 8 June 1991 in Katowice and is buried in the local Protestant Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="18543591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18543591" title="Michael D. Behiels">
Michael D. Behiels

Michael Behiels is a professor and University Research Chair in the Department of history at the University of Ottawa, specializing in twentieth-century Canadian politics. A student of Ramsay Cook, he is a prominent defender of Pierre Trudeau's conception of federalism: no special status for Quebec and maintenance of linguistic minority rights. In 1985, while a faculty member at Acadia University, his published doctoral dissertation "Prelude to Quebec's Quiet Revolution" was nominated for the Governor General's Award for non-fiction. Thanks to this book's success, he is still considered to be a major authority on the thought of former "Le Devoir" editor André Laurendeau.
He frequently appears in the media to comment on current events, most notably on CPAC's weekly call-in show "Goldhawk Live".
Behiels in 2010 has argued that Canada has recently undergone a political realignment, of the sort that that occurs rarely and makes a long term shift in the political alignment of the parties. The patterns of the 2004, 2006, and 2008 elections and the continuance of Harpers government, argues Behiels, has led many of Canada's political experts to the conclusion that a new political party paradigm has emerged. Behiels says they find its basis in a right-wing political party capable of reconfiguring the role of the state – federal and provincial – in twenty-first-century.
In 2011, he was made a Fellow of the Royal Society of Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="18543592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18543592" title="Raising Kaine">
Raising Kaine

Raising Kaine, also referred to as RK, was a leading liberal political blog in Virginia. It functioned as a group blog and community forum for Virginia netroots activists, whose efforts are primarily directed toward helping to elect Democrats and other liberals and progressives in Virginia and nationally. The blog is now defunct.
RK was a popular example of a collaborative blog, offering comment and diary posting privileges to its visitors. RK was founded by Lowell Feld and Eric Grim in January 2005 with one of the main goals being to help "raise" Democratic Lieutenant Governor Tim Kaine to the position of Governor of Virginia. (The term "raising Cain" is an informal term for causing trouble.) In addition, the blog aimed to help elect other Democrats in Virginia, while promoting progressive causes and values.
At its peak, RK had an average monthly traffic of about 80,000-100,000 visits. As with many leading state and local blogs, RK runs on the SoapBlox software. In late 2008, the blog ceased operations. Its content remained archived until sometime in 2011.
History.
Raising Kaine was founded in 2005, and supported Tim Kaine in the gubernatorial election against Republican Jerry Kilgore. Founder Lowell Feld has written that the blog was founded with the intent "to create a Daily Kos for Virginia." The blog continued to publish content until the end of 2008. Its posts were subsequently archived, where they were accessible until 2011.
Content.
Lowell Feld, Eric Grim, and a small group of selected users posted entries directly to the front page; other users could post "diaries," the titles of which appeared on the front page in reverse chronological order, with special attention and longer display time for those diaries highly recommended by other users. The other major source of content was the myriad comments posted in response to front page entries and diaries. Comments for popular or controversial diaries or front page threads could run into the thousands.
Front page entries and diaries often took the form of a news story from an outside source interspersed with commentary from the author of the diary or post. Sometimes these stories contained a request for action from other members of the community, such as to get involved with a particular campaign, give money to a candidate or contact an elected official about an issue. Some front page entries were called "open threads," which were open platforms for comments on any issue. One of the most popular versions of these open threads were "live threads" of commentary on important events happening in real time, such as debates or elections.
Webb for Senate campaign.
During the 2006 US election cycle, RK helped found the "Draft James Webb" movement, an effort to draft Marine Corps veteran Jim Webb to run for US Senate against George Allen. The movement was ultimately successful, with Webb declaring his candidacy, defeating businessman Harris Miller in the Democratic primary, and defeating Allen in the general election ove rthe course of the year. Throughout the campaign, RK was a major proponent of Jim Webb's nomination and election. In July 2006, Lowell Feld and Josh Chernila were hired by the Webb campaign as netroots and volunteer coordinator, respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="18543608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18543608" title="Guadalupe, Piauí">
Guadalupe, Piauí

Guadalupe is a council of the Brazilian state of Piaui. It's located in latitude 06° 47' 13" south and longitude 43° 34' 09" west, with the altitude of 177 meters.
In Guadalupe is the Hydroelectric power of Good Hope, which provides electricity to the state of Piauí

</doc>
<doc id="18543616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18543616" title="Karachi Building Control Authority">
Karachi Building Control Authority

Karachi Building Control Authority (KBCA), is a regulatory in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan. Karachi Building Control Authority is a regulatory and supervisory body whose prime function is to ensure that the approval of building plans and No Objection Certificates (NOC) etc. are in conformation with the existing Building and Town planning regulations. The quality, soundness and implementation of approved design/specifications is the sole responsibility of the concerned professionals licensed by KBCA under Karachi Building Control licensing regulations 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="18543628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18543628" title="Chinatown, Ottawa">
Chinatown, Ottawa

Ottawa's Chinatown is located along Somerset Street in downtown Ottawa. It runs from Bay Street in the east to Rochester St in the west (according to the Chinatown BIA). Signs for Chinatown continue along Somerset until Preston Street, and Chinese/Asian restaurants can be found even further west.
The BIA was designated in 1989, and was named Somerset Heights it was renamed Chinatown in 2005. 
While officially designated "Chinatown", the area is home to businesses from many Asian cultures, such as Vietnamese, Korean and Thai. Restaurants specializing in Phở are quite common. 
An archway has been built upon the entrance to the western section of Chinatown over Somerset Street, west of Bronson Avenue. It was unveiled in the early Fall of 2010. 

</doc>
<doc id="18543639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18543639" title="DRG Class 85">
DRG Class 85

The Class 85 was a German goods train tank engine and standard locomotive ("Einheitslok") with the Deutsche Reichsbahn.
History.
In 1931, the DRG ordered ten locomotives from the firm of Henschel that were taken into the fleet as numbers 85 001–010. The Class 85 was intended for hauling passenger and goods trains. They were however also employed as pusher locomotives on the Höllentalbahn in the Black Forest. Thanks to this engine, the Höllental Railway could do away with rack railway operations from 1933. The running gear and the superheated system were taken from the Class 44. The boiler, with a few minor alterations, was the same as that of the Class 62. All the locomotives were stabled at the Freiburg shed. Apart from number 85 004, which was lost in the Second World War, all the engines were in operation in the Black Forest until 1961, the year the route was converted from experimental electrical operations with 20 kV/50 Hz lines to the usual Deutsche Bundesbahn standard of 15 kV/16 2/3 Hz. One engine, number 85 007, was still in service in Wuppertal until the end of the year, but they were all retired by the beginning of the next year.
Preserved Locomotives.
Number 85 007 belongs to the town of Freiburg im Breisgau. It is not operational, but is maintained by the "Bahn-Sozialwerk-Gruppe". The engine is housed in the former locomotive shed.

</doc>
<doc id="18543646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18543646" title="Anne Lindsay">
Anne Lindsay

Anne Lindsay or Lindsey may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18543655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18543655" title="Erdős–Fuchs theorem">
Erdős–Fuchs theorem

In mathematics, in the area of combinatorial number theory, the Erdős–Fuchs theorem is a statement about the number of ways that numbers can be represented as a sum of two elements of a given set, stating that the average order of this number cannot be close to being a linear function.
The theorem is named after Paul Erdős and Wolfgang Heinrich Johannes Fuchs.
Statement.
Let "A" be a subset of the natural numbers and "r"("n") denote the number of ways that a natural number "n" can be expressed as the sum of two elements of "A" (taking order into account). We consider the average 
The theorem states that 
cannot hold unless "C" = 0.

</doc>
<doc id="18543663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18543663" title="David Murray (painter)">
David Murray (painter)

Sir David Murray RA (born Glasgow, Scotland, 29 January 1849, died Marylebone, England, 14 November 1933) was a well known Scottish landscape painter. He was the son of a shoemaker, James Murray. He worked for eleven years for two mercantile firms, while studying in the evenings at the Glasgow School of Art under Robert Greenlees, finally devoting himself full-time to an artistic career from about 1875. He became an Associate of the Royal Scottish Academy in 1881, moving to London in 1882 where he was an immediate success. His 'My Love has gone a-Sailing' exhibited in 1884 was purchased by the Chantrey Trustees for the Tate Gallery.
In 1891 Murray was elected an Associate of the Royal Academy, and a full member of the Royal Academy in 1905. About 1886 he broadened his horizons and travelled to the continent, but all of his more characteristic work was done in Scotland or England. Murray was a member of Glasgow Art Club and exhibited in the club's annual exhibitions. 
A portrait of Sir David Murray by the Scottish painter James Coutts Michie is held by the Aberdeen Art Gallery.

</doc>
<doc id="18543672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18543672" title="Boa Esperança Hydroelectric Power Plant">
Boa Esperança Hydroelectric Power Plant

The Boa Esperança Hydroelectric Power Station (formerly known as Marshal Castelo Branco Hydroelectric Power Station) is a hydroelectric power station in Guadalupe, Brazil. It is located on the Parnaíba River.

</doc>
<doc id="18543694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18543694" title="Roman Kreuziger, Sr.">
Roman Kreuziger, Sr.

Roman Kreuziger (born 11 June 1965 in Uničov) is a Czech former bicycle racer. During his career, Kreuziger won the Österreich Rundfahrt in 1991 and the Cyclocross Junior World Championships in 1983. He is the father of racer Roman Kreuziger

</doc>
<doc id="18543715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18543715" title="Karl Ferris">
Karl Ferris

Karl Ferris is an English photographer/designer, best known as one of the principal innovators of "psychedelic" photography. A photographer to the “British Rock Elite”—Eric Clapton, Cream, Donovan, The Hollies and Jimi Hendrix—Ferris was invited, as a style consultant and their personal photographer, to help create their public images. He was given an insider's access to the “Experience” that helped define the look of the 1960s and influence youth culture and lifestyles worldwide.
Early years.
As a post World War II baby who grew up in Hastings, England in the 1950s, Ferris learned two things that would later affect his life - the first being the history of Hastings, which had been conquered by the Normans in 1066. This spawned an interest in this medieval period of history and young Karl would bicycle around Norman castles fantasizing about battles, knights, chivalry and heraldry. The second thing he learned was an appreciation of art, with some of his early paintings included in a show at the Hastings Museum. He later went on to study at Hastings College of Art, focusing on the Pre-Raphaelite style of painting which would later influence his psychedelic photography of the late 1960s.
After school, and with dreams of traveling to India, Ferris signed up as a steward on a P&O liner that went to Australia via India. After returning to England, he served two years with the Royal Air Force for his National Service (Conscription) as an aerial photographer, where he often flew in jet fighters operating the gun camera during dog fight practice. During this period he became friends with a fellow conscriptee who was a member of a Liverpool “Mersey Beat” group, and he was introduced for the first time to this type of music.
He was invited back to Liverpool to see a new group - The Beatles - who were appearing at the Cavern Club and was introduced to them there. From that point, he was hooked on “Beat” music from which The Beatles took their name.
After his military service, Ferris emigrated to Vancouver, Canada working as an assistant there to master photographer Harry Nygard. From Nygard, Karl learned the skills of composition, form and texture. He also began an involvement in the “Beatnik” lifestyle and began hanging out in coffee bars, listening to poetry readings and the progressive jazz of such artists as Miles Davis, Herbie Hancock, John Coltrane, Eric Dolphy and Ornette Coleman. He photographed his first music subjects at these gatherings for local newspapers and magazines. He also began to take fashion shots of girlfriends and models, building up a respectable portfolio. Nygard told him that he had a real talent in this area, but to further expand his portfolio, he should return to London where the “Mod” fashion scene was creating new opportunities in the world of arts, music and fashion.
In 1964 Karl returned to England and the “happening” Beat scene. Ferris received commissioned work as a fashion and cover photographer for teen magazines "19" and "Petticoat" and later for "Vogue", "Harper’s Bazaar", "French Mode" and "Marie Claire". These commissions brought him to such locations as Paris, Cannes, Munich, Ibiza and Morocco. When he wasn’t working he would join into the “Scene”, and after meeting (and eventually dating) Denmark’s top “superstar” model of the time (Maude Bertelsen), Karl was introduced to a Pop group called the “The King Bees” who invited him to sing cover versions of Rolling Stones songs with them, and so he began touring in and around Copenhagen with this group.
He eventually returned to England for a “fashion shoot” offer with "Vogue". In 1966 The Beatles had just released “Rubber Soul” and Karl had the chance to meet up with their official photographer, Robert Freeman, who encouraged Ferris to experiment with different styles of images - which he promptly did – and created his unique psychedelic style. That summer on a trip to the Spanish island of Ibiza he discovered and began shooting the innovative psychedelic fashion work of designers Simon Posthuma and Marijke Koger – aka The Fool - and these photos were eventually printed in the fashion section of The Times. This was the first time such psychedelic photography and fashions had been seen anywhere. He and The Fool were then invited to come to London to shoot some more “Psychedelic” fashion features.
From this work, Ferris received many commissions. He also began working on “Psychedelic Happening shows” during which moving images of colored liquid and photographs were projected over freeform dancers. The likes of Paul McCartney, Graham Nash, Eric Clapton, T Rex, Pink Floyd and John Lennon dropped by and began participating - by playing music - with these shows. In 1966, Ferris was also invited to do a stage "Liquid light show" for Pink Floyd, which is believed to be one of the first ever done in England.
Jimi Hendrix.
Ferris was introduced to singer/guitarist Jimi Hendrix in 1967 through musician/producer Chas Chandler, who had “discovered” Hendrix. Ferris received the compliment of a lifetime when Hendrix remarked to him, on seeing his portfolio, “You‘re doing with photography what I’m doing with music - going far out beyond the limits and blowing minds”. Hendrix then asked Ferris to be his photographer and to re-shoot the cover for the UK version of his album “Are You Experienced” – which he was unhappy with - for the US market. Hendrix said he wanted “something psychedelic to blow the minds of the fans” and that represented his music and style.
And so Ferris began experimenting, using a giant Nikon fisheye lens and a secret infrared film that had just been released by the military, who had used it for U2 plane spying. This film was given to him by Kodak London who had seen his color experiments at their laboratory. The manager asked Ferris if he could find some way to use the infrared film commercially, so he started using it on fashion and rock shoots. Kodak was so pleased with the results that they gave Ferris his first exhibit in their London gallery. Out of this experimentation came the famous “fisheye” photograph used for Hendrix's first US record album cover, which he also designed. His images then appeared on all three US "Experience" album covers released during Hendrix's short life - “Are You Experienced?”, “Axis Bold As Love”, “Electric Ladyland” and the Japanese "Smash Hits".
Ferris went on to create the album cover images for Donovan's “Gift From A Flower To A Garden”, “Wear Your Love Like Heaven”, “For The Little Ones” and “Hurdy Gurdy Donovan E.P.” and (again, partnering with The Fool) for The Hollies' “Evolution”. He was also instrumental in creating their overall looks for the shoots, which then became their recognized public images. During the years 1967-69, Ferris was one of the preferred photographers to the British rock elite, shooting also many publicity photos for them. He was called "The Icon with the Nikon" by the musicians and Press back then.
In 1968, Ferris accompanied Donovan on his U.S. tour and was commissioned by LOOK Magazine to shoot a feature article on Donovan, after which he was retained as a 'Stringer' in Europe to shoot images for music articles there. In 1969, Karl's Donovan psychedelic shots were featured in an article in TWEN, the famous German art magazine.
1970s–2000.
Ferris left London with his pregnant wife Anke in 1970 and went to live in Ibiza to bring up their son Lorien. Joni Mitchell visited Ferris in Ibiza in 1970 on the recommendation of Graham Nash and was photographed by Ferris. Ferris continued shooting fashion and glamour photographs for magazines in Europe and the USA. In 1980, Ferris received a commission from Playboy Magazine to photograph "Welcome Back Kotter" star Melonie Haller (John Travolta's love interest and the only female “Sweathog”) for a "Celebrity Pictorial" in the famous Bo Derek issue. In 1983, Ferris married Haller and they went to live in Hampstead, London near Ferris' original 1960s studio. In 1984, a daughter Melissa was born in London, and during this time in the U.K., Ferris worked shooting glamour and nude photos for Oui, Club and the Raymond Revue. In 1990, Ferris was commissioned by Playboy in the Netherlands and Germany to shoot glamour layouts for them. Later, in 1995, Ferris and Haller returned to the U.S. and lived in the New York area, where Haller took on various acting roles in film and television.
2000 to present.
In 2000, Ferris returned once again to the Vancouver, Canada area and established his new studio and publishing company there. Working alongside with famed illustrator Bob Masse, Ferris' best-known works have been reproduced in a new series of posters and fine art prints that recreated promotional posters of many of the events that Ferris had photographed in the 60’s at such iconic London concert venues as the Royal Albert Hall and Saville Theatre and featuring acts such as Cream, the Jimi Hendrix Experience and Donovan. Also in 2000, Karl was commissioned to supply three of his original 1967 Hendrix photographs for cover and inside booklet of the ultra-premium "The Jimi Hendrix Experience" box set.
In 2003 Ferris began his quest to revisit a time in music that defined a generation with “The Ferris Experience Happening”. Exhibiting his famous record album cover photographs and a psychedelic multimedia video and slide show, the first of these “Happenings” opened in Vancouver, Canada at The Exhibitions Gallery. It was the first time in 35 years that such an exhibition had been staged.
In 2005, Ferris' Happening show and photo gallery exhibit began a tour of major cities in the U.S., starting with the San Francisco Art Exchange and continuing in Toronto and other cities in 2006. Also that year, Ferris was asked by the Hip-Hop group Sweatshop Union to shoot and design the album cover for their record titled United We Fall. They admired his “60s-style” approach to photography and wanted something “Beatle-esque” for their new album’s cover image.
In 2006, a feature film documentary called "Revolution" went into production (to coincide with the 40th anniversary of "the Summer of Love"). Also in 2006, Ferris' film company Helixus Productions started to film a feature documentary and mini-series called "Revolution - The Cultural Revolt of the Sixties and its Continuing Legacy” which explores the origin, flowering and long-term influence of psychedelia, a subculture that in the 1960s achieved a mass influence.. This film includes over 100 interviews with many of the era’s key innovators and will show how revolutionary new art forms were created as an expression of the counterculture and utilized as a tool for tearing down the existing establishment. A sample of interviews included: musicians Donovan, Mick Fleetwood (Fleetwood Mac), Willie Nelson, Paul Kantner (Jefferson Airplane), Keith Emerson, John Densmore (Doors), Patrick Simmons (Doobie Brothers) George Hunter (Charlatans) and Mickey Jones (Dylan's 1st Electric Band), Woodstock MC Wavy Gravy, designers Alan Aldridge (Beatles), Storm Thorgerson (Pink Floyd), Alton Kelley, Stanley Mouse (Grateful Dead), Klaus Voorman (Beatles), John Van Hamersveld and The Fool (Simon and Marjke), models Patti Boyd and Charlotte Martin, Jenny Boyd, actor/activist Peter Coyote, “Summer of Love” exhibit curator Christoph Grunenberg, photographers Astrid Kirchherr (Beatles-Hamburg), Bob Seidemann, Gered Mankowitz (Rolling Stones), Bob Whitaker (Beatles) and Herb Worthington (Fleetwood Mac)and many others,
The documentary is a serious investigation of the phenomenon and long-term impact of this cultural shift. In addition to the featured interviews, the film will also include music, period stock footage and current footage of locations of many of the events covered in the film (as well as many psychedelic images which are used as transitions). The film is scheduled to be released in early 2010.
In 2009, a book "The Karl Ferris Psychedelic Experience" of his Psychedelic Hendrix, Donovan, Cream, Fool and Fashion photographs (including a DVD Slide show screensaver) was published.
Ferris is also producing a Trilogy of feature films based on the biography and influence of the 15th century father of Surrealism Hieronymus Bosch. Of which he is also a Writer, Producer, Director and Art Director.
Currently a TV documentary on Ferris' work and life "The Karl Ferris Experience" is being finished.

</doc>
<doc id="18543737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18543737" title="Anne Spencer (disambiguation)">
Anne Spencer (disambiguation)

Anne Spencer or Anna Spencer may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18543739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18543739" title="Gomur">
Gomur

Gomur may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18543746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18543746" title="Electropositive shark repellent">
Electropositive shark repellent

Electropositive metals (EPMs) are a new class of shark repellent materials that produce a measurable voltage when immersed in an electrolyte such as seawater. The voltages produced are as high as 1.75 VDC in seawater. It is hypothesized that this voltage overwhelms the ampullary organ in sharks, producing a repellent action. Since bony fish lack the ampullary organ, the repellent is selective to sharks and rays. The process is electrochemical, so no external power input is required. As chemical work is done, the metal is lost in the form of corrosion. Depending on the alloy or metal utilized and its thickness, the electropositive repellent effect lasts up to 48 hours. The reaction of the electropositive metal in seawater produces hydrogen gas bubbles and an insoluble nontoxic hydroxide as a precipitate which settles downward in the water column.
History.
SharkDefense made the discovery of electrochemical shark repellent effects on May 1, 2006 at South Bimini, Bahamas at the Bimini Biological Field Station. An electropositive metal, which was a component of a permanent magnet, was chosen as an experimental control for a tonic immobility experiment by Eric Stroud using a juvenile lemon shark ("Negaprion brevirostris"). It was anticipated that this metal would produce no effect, since it was not ferromagnetic. However, a violent rousing response was observed when the metal was brought within 50 cm of the shark’s nose. The experiment was repeated with three other juvenile lemon sharks and two other juvenile nurse sharks ("Ginglymostoma cirratum"), and care was taken to eliminate all stray metal objects in the testing site. Patrick Rice, Michael Herrmann, and Eric Stroud were present at this first trial. Mike Rowe, from Discovery Channel’s Dirty Jobs series, subsequently witnessed and participated in a test using an electropositive metal within 24 hours after the discovery.
In the next three months, a variety of transition metals, lanthanides, poor metals, metalloids, and non-metal samples were screened for rousing activity using the tonic immobility bioassay in juvenile lemon sharks and juvenile nurse sharks. All behaviors were scored from 0 to 4 depending on the response. It was determined that Group I, II, III, and Lanthanide metals all produced rousing responses, but the average score generally increased with electropositivity.
Further testing using salt bridge electrochemical cells were conducted during 2006 and 2007 at the Oak Ridge Shark Lab. Using seawater as the electrolyte and a shark fin clipping as the cathode, voltages measured closely correlated with the standard reduction potential of the metal under test. SharkDefense now hypothesizes that a net positive charge from the cations produced by the electropositive metals accumulate on the electronegative skin of the shark. The net increase of the charge on the shark’s skin is perceived by the ampullae of Lorenzini, and above 1.2 eV potential, aversion is produced.
Electropositive metals are reducing agents and liberate hydrogen gas in seawater via hydrolysis, producing a half-cell voltage of about -0.86eV. Simultaneously, an insoluble metal hydroxide precipitate is produced, which is inert for shark repellent activity. As such, metal is lost to corrosion in the process of generating cations. SharkDefense conducted corrosion loss studies in 2008 at South Bimini, Bahamas, and found that a 70 gram piece of a custom electropositive alloy retained more than 50% of its original weight after 70 hours of immersion. Losses due to corrosion are heavily a function of temperature, therefore, the cold seawater at fishing depths serves to reduce the corrosion rate.
Testing.
Stoner and Kaimmer (2008) reported success using cerium mischmetal and Pacific spiny dogfish ("Squalus acanthias", a type of shark) in captivity, both with tonic immobility and feeding preference tests. Lead metal was used as a control. Encouraged by the results, a longline study was conducted off Homer, Alaska in late 2007 with the cooperation of the International Pacific Halibut Commission. Again, lead was used as a control. This study found a 17% reduction in Pacific spiny dogfish catch, and a 48% reduction in clearnose skate catch.
However, Tallack et al. reported that cerium mischmetal was entirely ineffective against Atlantic spiny dogfish in the Gulf of Maine. Mandelman et al. reported that the repellent effect disappeared after starvation using captive Atlantic spiny dogfish, and that a species-specific variation in response to the mischmetals exist between captive Atlantic spiny dogfish and dusky smoothhounds ("Mustelis canis").
Stroud (SharkDefense, 2006) and Fisher (VIMS) observed captive cownose rays ("Rhinoptera bonasus") changing swim elevation and ignoring blue crab baits in cages that contained neodymium-praseodymium mischmetal. The position of the treatment cages were alternated, and all cages were placed in the swim path of the rays.
Brill et al. (2008) reported that captive juvenile sandbar sharks ("Carcharhinus plumbeus") maintained a 50–60 cm clearance in their swimming patterns when a piece of neodymium-praseodymium mischmetal was placed in the tank.
Wang, Swimmer, and Laughton (2007) reported aversive responses to neodymium-praseodymium mischmetals placed near baits offered to adult Galapagos ("C. galapagensis") and Sandbar sharks on bamboo poles in Hawaii.
Present Research.
In July 2008 Richard Brill of NMFS/VIMS and SharkDefense both conducted more at-sea trials with electropositive metals in an effort to reduce shark bycatch in commercial fisheries. As of August 2, 2008, Brill reported nearly a 3:1 reduction in sandbar shark catch when plastic decoys were compared to metals. A high statistical significance was obtained, as reported in the Virginian-Pilot by Joanne Kimberlin. SharkDefense later developed a simple on-hook treatment and a bait attachment which were being tested on Atlantic longlining vessels in 2008.
Selectivity.
As expected, teleosts (bony fish) are not repelled by the electropositive metal’s cation liberation in seawater. This is because teleosts lack the ampullae of Lorenzini. Teleost response was confirmed using captive Cobia ("Rachycentron canadum") and Pacific halibut ("Hippoglossus stenolepis"). In July 2008 swordfish ("Xiphias gladius") catch was reported on experimental hooks treated with electropositive metal.
Limitations.
As with all shark repellents, 100% effectiveness will not be achieved with electropositive metals. The metals are particularly effective when the shark is relying on its electrosense. It is likely that that electropositive metals are ineffective for deliberately stimulated (chummed) sharks, competitively feeding sharks, and shark "frenzies". The metals are very useful in the environment of commercial fisheries, and possibly recreational and artisanal fisheries.

</doc>
<doc id="18543764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18543764" title="Not Rocket Science">
Not Rocket Science

Not Rocket Science is a six song Be Your Own Pet release in 2007. It was released on 12" vinyl in solid black and multi-colored editions by Infinity Cat Recordings. The A-side contained six songs, and the B-side contained the same six, but the songs on the b-side were all in reverse. The EP represents Be Your Own Pet's first studio sessions, recorded by Roger Moutenot, and produced by Angelo (Kings Of Leon, Warren Zanes) and Robert Ellis Orrall (Cake Bake Betty, Taylor Swift). The songs were mixed by Orrall and Jacquire King (Norah Jones, Modest Mouse). 

</doc>
<doc id="18543775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18543775" title="Feldebrő">
Feldebrő

Feldebrő is a village in Heves county in Hungary.
Settings.
Feldebrő stands in the valley of the Tarna River, at the southeastern foot of the Mátra Mountains. Nearby villages include Vécs, Aldebrő, Tófalu, Kerecsend, Egerszólát, and Verpelét. The village belongs to the Archdiocese of Eger.
Origin of the name of the village.
The name of the village comes from the Hungarian word debrő "broad valley." It may be related to the Slavic dialect term debra "floodplain."
Sightseeing.
During the Árpád period the village belonged to the Aba family. It may have been one of that family's principle seats, given that a Hungarian king was buried in the church. The original church in the form of a Greek cross was built in the 11th century; it contained the tomb of King Samuel Aba of Hungary. The building was later transformed into a three-nave church, but the original crypt was preserved.

</doc>
<doc id="18543785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18543785" title="International Children's Festival">
International Children's Festival

The International Children’s Festival, presented by Meridian International Center Educational Outreach Programs, is an interactive and educational fair that brings the community together with the diplomatic corps of Washington, D.C. Diplomatic embassies host booths about their country and culture intended to introduce children and their families to world geography, dress, and traditions through displays and activities. In addition to embassy-sponsored booths, the festival offers international dance and music performances, as well as opportunities to sample international cuisine. In 2009, Michelle Fenty, wife of DC Mayor Adrian M. Fenty, supported the festival by serving as Honorary Patron of the event. 
The International Children’s Festival is held every May and is located in Meridian’s historic mansions. 
Description.
Embassies host booths at the Festival, allowing visitors to experience another culture. Toward this goal, embassies bring artifacts, displays, and activities about their country and culture. Food and drink samples are present at each booth, as well as crafts and educational activities designed to engage attendees and a two-way cultural exchange between the embassy staff and the participating families. Booth activities have included trying on traditional Indonesian dress, stamping Kente cloth (Ghana), folding origami (Japan), writing hieroglyphics (Egypt), creating Carnival masks (Brazil), exploring Mexican children's toys and more. Cultural representatives and embassy staff from each country are present to answer questions and interact with attendees.
Participating Embassies 2010.
Argentina, Australia, Bahamas, Bahrain, Brazil, China, El Salvador, Fiji, France, Ghana, Greece, Hungary, Indonesia, Israel, Japan, Liechtenstein, Mexico, Senegal, South Africa, Switzerland, Turkey, Zambia, as well as representation from the United Nations.
Performances.
In addition to the interactive booths sponsored by embassies, the Festival exhibits dance performances from local and international artists. These performances showcase cultural styles from around the world.
Other Educational Outreach Programs.
International Resource Library.
International Classroom also offers teachers other resources to help them include more international education in their curricula. Meridian’s 50+ Culture Boxes contain items from a specific country or region that teachers can use as hands-on learning tools to help students make a tangible connection to other parts of the world.
Teacher Workshops.
International Classroom also offers a professional development workshop, "Passports to the World", for DC teachers each Fall on how to internationalize their curricula while meeting current Standards of Learning. These workshops help teachers discover new methods of incorporating international education across the curricula. Over the course of six afternoons, teachers will travel to five different continents, exploring themes, ideas, and techniques to use in the classroom. Working in cooperation with Peace Corps: World Wise Schools and the National Geographic Society Education Foundation, teachers also earn credits toward recertification.
References.
(1) Meridian International Center 
(2) Meridian International Center Photo Gallery
(3) DC About.com
(4) Embassy of Indonesia
(5) DC Urban Mom
(6) Cultural Tourism DC

</doc>
<doc id="18543787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18543787" title="Battle of Kenapacomaqua">
Battle of Kenapacomaqua

The Battle of Kenapacomaqua, also called the Battle of Old Town, was a raid in 1791 by United States forces under the command of Lieutenant Colonel (later Brigadier General) James Wilkinson on the Miami (Wea) town of Kenapacomaqua on the Eel River approximately six miles upstream from present-day Logansport, Indiana. Under the overall command of Brigadier General Charles Scott, Wilkinson led a force of more than 500 Kentucky militia. They attacked Kenapacomaqua on August 7, 1791. Two Kentuckians and nine Miami died in the encounter. By Wilkinson's own account, the Miami dead included only six warriors. Two of the dead were women. One was a child. Thirty-four Miami prisoners were taken and one U.S. captive was released.

</doc>
<doc id="18543804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18543804" title="USS Terebinth (AN-59)">
USS Terebinth (AN-59)

USS "Terebinth" (AN-59) - laid down as the USS "Balm" (YN-78) - was a which served with the U.S. Navy during World War II. "Terebinth" served in the Pacific Ocean theatre of operations and was awarded a battle star for her participation in the Okinawa campaign. Post-war she was decommissioned and sold.
Constructed in North Carolina.
"Terebinth" (AN-59) was laid down as "Balm" (YN-78) on 24 March 1943 at New Bern, North Carolina, by the Barbour Boat Works; launched on 19 August 1943; sponsored by Mrs. J. M. Mitchell; renamed "Terebinth" on 7 December 1943; redesignated "AN-59" on 20 January 1944; and commissioned on 5 August 1944, Lt. Sandrup Bernsen, USNR, in command.
World War II service.
Assigned to the Pacific theatre.
"Terebinth" departed Morehead City, North Carolina, on 6 August to complete fitting out at the Norfolk Navy Yard. On the 24th, the net laying ship steamed to Melville, Rhode Island, for shakedown training which she completed on 11 September. After operating in the 5th Naval District out of Norfolk, Virginia, for two months, the net layer got underway on 16 November for the U.S. West Coast. She transited the Panama Canal on the 27th and reached San Francisco, California, on20 December 1944.
On 26 January 1945, "Terebinth" headed for Hawaii and arrived at Pearl Harbor on 7 February. The following week, the net layer joined a convoy which proceeded, via Johnston Island and Eniwetok, to Ulithi. She was there from 6 to 11 March when she joined units of Mine Squadron 10 bound for the Philippines. The ships arrived at San Pedro Bay 10 days later, prepared for the invasion of the Ryukyu Islands, and sortied on 19 March. They arrived off Kerama Retto on the 26th, and troops of the 77th Infantry Division landed on the beaches there at 0800 that morning. 
By afternoon, the main islands of the group were under American control, and "Terebinth" began net laying operations in the Aka Shima channel. The northern mooring was completed in the afternoon, and the last of the 1,500-foot net was in place before nightfall. The southern mooring was completed the next morning.
Terebinth survives attack.
The invasion fleet came under enemy air attack on the first day of the campaign, and raids continued throughout the struggle for the island. A new hazard appeared on the morning of the 28th when lookouts on "Terebinth" sighted an unlighted boat approaching the ship's starboard bow. When challenged, the craft did not reply. Since the unidentified vessel was too close for "Terebinth" to bring her 3-inch gun to bear, the ship's gunners opened fire with small arms. The boat dropped a depth charge near "Terebinth", veered to starboard, and sped off as a violent explosion shook the net layer. Fortunately, "Terebinth" was not damaged. 
She then took station at the eastern side of the southern net entrance to Kerama Retto and directed traffic as it entered. The ship remained at this task until 6 April when she joined a salvage group off the Hagushi beaches to aid in retrieving landing craft. On the 29th, she went alongside the damaged "Pinckney" (APH-2) and supplied the transport with electricity for four days while it attended to the needs of wounded men who had been evacuated from the beaches. "Terebinth" remained in the Ryukyus until 6 July when she retired to Leyte.
End-of-war operations.
"Terebinth" departed San Pedro, California, on 12 August and was approximately 60 miles south of Peleliu on the 15th when she received orders to cease offensive operations against Japan. Two days later, she anchored at Ulithi and began repairing, replacing, and salvaging buoys and nets. She then moved to Kossol Roads in the Palaus to continue the same tasks. On 14 October, the net laying ship set course for Tanapag harbor, Saipan, with a load of nets. She arrived there on the 19th and got underway for the United States on the 26th.
Post-war decommissioning.
"Terebinth" arrived at San Diego on 27 November 1945 and, the next day, moved up the coast to San Pedro for inactivation. She was decommissioned on 31 January 1946 and struck from the Navy list on 26 February 1946. The ship was sold to Van Camp Sea Food Company, San Pedro, California, on 23 April 1946.
Honors and awards.
Terebinth received one battle star for her participation in the Okinawa campaign.

</doc>
<doc id="18543841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18543841" title="Herbert Basser">
Herbert Basser

Herbert W. Basser (b. 1942) is a Canadian scholar of religion and a Jewish theologian known for his work "Studies in Exegesis: Christian Critiques of Jewish Law" (Boston, 2000).
Biography.
In 1963, he graduated from Yeshiva University with a Bachelor of Arts in French literature. After several years as a mathematics teacher, he continued his studies at the University of Toronto in Toronto, Canada earning a Master of Arts in 1979 and a Ph.D. in 1983. 
Basser has held the Harvard Starr Fellowship at Harvard University, taught at Hebrew University of Jerusalem, the University of Toronto, and the University of California, Berkeley. He has been teaching religious studies at Queen's University in Canada since 1980.
Thought.
Basser is perhaps best known for his view that scholars of early Christianity have not given sufficient study to rabbinic writings of the time, therefore resulting in a limited understanding how Christianity developed from the Jewish religious tradition.

</doc>
<doc id="18543884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18543884" title="V598 Puppis">
V598 Puppis

V598 Puppis is the name given to a nova in the Milky Way Galaxy. USNO-A2.0 0450-03360039, the catalog number for the star, was discovered to be much brighter than normal in X-ray emissions on October 9, 2007, by the European Space Agency's XMM-Newton telescope. Ultimately, the star was confirmed to 600 times brighter than normal by the Magellan-Clay telescope at Las Campanas Observatory in Chile.
The nova has been officially named V598 Puppis and is "one of the brightest for almost a decade".<ref name="space.com/esa"/> Despite its brightness, the nova was apparently missed by amateur and professional astronomers alike until XMM-Newton spotted the unusual X-ray source while turning from one target to another. The All Sky Automated Survey determined that that nova had occurred on June 5, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18543925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18543925" title="Vytautas Kazimieras Jonynas">
Vytautas Kazimieras Jonynas

Vytautas Kazimieras Jonynas (March 10, 1907 in Ūdrija, near Alytus – December 4, 1997 in Vilnius) was one of most renowned 20th century Lithuanian artists. He worked as a book illustrator, graphic, painter, sculptor, stained glass artist, posters and furniture designer.
Biography.
After studying in Kalvarija and graduating from high school in Kaunas, Jonynas started art studies at the Kaunas Art School. Jonynas attended Adomas Varnas (painting) and Adomas Galdikas (graphics) studios. In 1931 he moved to Paris, where he earned a degree in xylography and book illustrating. Later he studied wood sculpture and cabinetmaker crafts in "Ècole Boulle". In 1935 he held his first personal exhibition. After completing his studies in France Jonynas returned to Lithuania. His illustration for Kristijonas Donelaitis "Metai" became classics of the genre. At the time he was teaching at Kaunas Art School. In 1937 he was elected as a member of the International Sculpture Commission. The same year Jonynas was awarded Golden medal in the international exhibition in Paris for his woodcarvings and posters. In 1938 he was awarded a Cross of Order of the French Legion of Honour. From 1936 until 1941 Jonynas worked as preservation specialist in Lithuanian inspection of cultural heritage, later became chief of the organization.
In 1944 Jonynas retreated to Germany, where he lived until 1950. He then moved to the United States. He was active in Lithuanian cultural life in exile. With assistance from Schmittlein, Jonynas founded an art school in Freiburg im Breisgau (École des Arts et Métiers) and supervised it. In Germany Jonynas started illustrating bibliographic books again. One of his last works in xylography was illustrations for Raymond Schmittlein's study on Prosper Mérimée "Lokis" created in 1949. He also created illustrations for Shakespeare's "Hamlet", Johann Wolfgang von Goethe's "die Leiden des Jungen Werthers", (published by Karl Alber; the illustrations were bought by the Goethe-Schiller Institute) and "Le Siège de Mayence". "Le Siège" was the first book that Jonynas illustrated using aquarelle and not xylography. 
In the United States Jonynas continued to illustrate books, although he changed his technique. During 1955–1979 Jonynas designed interiors for over 60 churches in the United States, Europe, and Australia. He also created a new technique joining stained glass, fresco and bass-relief when he was commissioned to create a mural at Rikers Island, New York. In 1955 he founded and art studio "Jonynas and Shepherd Art studio, Inc." in New York. Jonynas also designed Chapel of Lithuanian Martyrs in St. Peter's Basilica and decorated Vatican city pavilion for the 1964 New York World's Fair. Jonynas taught at the Catan-Rose Institute of Fine Arts (1951–1957) and Fordham University (1957–1973).
Jonynas is also known for his designs of postal stamps for interwar Lithuania. He also designed over 50 stamps for the French Occupation zone in Germany (described as among the most artistic German stamps), France, and Vatican (1959). The Vatican stamp commemorated the 500th birthday anniversary of Lithuanian patron Saint Casimir. Jonynas was also asked to create a postal stamp for the United Nations to commemorate Universal Declaration of Human Rights, but the stamp was not printed due political reasons.
Works.
Vytautas Kazimieras Jonynas left a large number of graphics, stained glass works, sculptures, book illustrations. Jonynas brought back to Lithuanian most of his works. The largest collection of his works is preserved at his name art gallery-home in Druskininkai. Jonynas donated all of his creative works to Lithuania. He was buried in Antakalnis Cemetery, Vilnius.

</doc>
<doc id="18543939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18543939" title="Darnell">
Darnell

Darnell is a given name and surname. The surname is traditional Anglo-Saxon and refers to a group of people in medieval ages who grew a plant called Darnel, which had intoxicatory properties. It may refer to one of the following people;
Other uses.
Darnell may also refer to;

</doc>
<doc id="18543941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18543941" title="Toy Porno">
Toy Porno

Toy Porno (sometimes written as "Toy P") is a self-released experimental art film by The Frogs. The amateur videotape was compiled in October 1993, as a gift for Kurt Cobain. It would soon become frequent viewing material on the Nirvana tour bus, and later on the Foo Fighters tour bus as well. Later, after generated copies began circulating amongst fans, the band began selling copies at shows. The tape is only available in VHS format. The band is planning to release a DVD version in the future, but they want to digitally re-create the compilation from the original masters and need the proper time and funds to do so. The file is available for download online in AVI format through various outlets.
The title of the film refers to several short film sketches that feature action figures, dolls and knick-knack toys having adult conversations and performing sexual acts. The shorts sometimes use stop-motion animation. Mingled within the shorts are home videos and concert performances that include many cover songs played in a joking and spontaneous manner.
Sketches.
In the "Brian T. Komar Interview", Jimmy Flemion rants about the Patti Smith song, "25th Floor", satirically calling it "23rd Floor", to which the interviewer responds by proposing the interviewee is on drugs.
In "Pony Killer (Bagism)", the brothers Flemion use the Lennon/Ono "trash bag" technique on a young Asian girl, referring to her as "Yoko".
During a live performance of "I've Got Drugs (Out of the Mist)", Dennis Flemion berates a bumbling soundman, famously singing, "you are not getting paid tonight!"
Video order (track listing).
† denotes cover song.
Soundtrack.
"Music from Toy Porno" (later released on CD as "Sad Bits" and "More Sad Bits") is a self-released soundtrack, chiefly composed of piano instrumentals.

</doc>
<doc id="18543943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18543943" title="Golden Gate Building">
Golden Gate Building

The Golden Gate Building, built in 1925, is an historic real estate and land development office building located on State Road A1A at 3225 South East Dixie Highway (corner of South East Delmar Street) in the unincorporated community of Golden Gate south of Stuart in Martin County, Florida. It was built by the "Golden Gate Development Company" to serve as the sales office for its 200 block subdivision called "Golden Gate". which was a re-subdivision of a part of the 1911 subdivision called "Port Sewall". The Florida Land Boom, however, collapsed before it could be used as such. In 1926, it became the Port Sewall Post Office and it was later used as a church and then as an art studio, before being abandoned and falling into disrepair.
In 1989, the Golden Gate Building was listed in "A Guide to Florida's Historic Architecture", published by the University of Florida Press.
In 2002, the Board of County Commissioners of Martin County bought it in order to prevent its destruction. Renovations which began in 2005 were directed first to shoring up the four walls which were in serious danger of collapse. Exterior renovations were completed in 2008 with a $48,000 grant from the state and it is anticipated that the interior will be restored by 2010. The "Friends of the Historic Golden Gate Community" is spearheading the renovation efforts. Plans call for the 2-story building to be increased to with the new space to be used to provide amenities such as the bathrooms necessary for a public community center.

</doc>
<doc id="18543949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18543949" title="Aikanã language">
Aikanã language

Aikanã (sometimes called Tubarão, Corumbiara/Kolumbiara, or Huari/Uari/Wari) is an endangered language isolate spoken by about 200 Aikanã people in Rondônia, Brazil. It is morphologically complex and has SOV word order. Aikanã uses the Latin script. The people live with speakers of Koaia (Kwaza).

</doc>
<doc id="18543954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18543954" title="Roger Hosen">
Roger Hosen

Roger Wills Hosen (12 June 1933 – 9 April 2005) was an England Rugby union player and cricketer.
Early life.
He was born in Mabe and he first played rugby for Penryn while still at Falmouth Grammar School. He was an all round sportsman, who won ten England international rugby caps during 1963–67, played 54 games for Cornwall and also captained his county cricket team.
Rugby International.
In 1955 he moved to Northampton, to teach at the grammar school, and was recruited to Northampton Rugby Club. He played 250 games for the Saints, and scored 1,463 points. He was also taught games at Warwick School in the late 1950s and early 60s.
In his one full season for England, Hosen established a record of forty-six points from five games. His preferred position was full back, but the competition provided by John Willcox and Don Rutherford confined Hosen to ten caps in 1963–67, of which seven were on the wing.
His England debut was made in New Zealand in 1963. He scored in all but one of his internationals, his highest scoring games being his last two, against Scotland and Wales in 1967. He also played twice for Barbarians F. C..
County rugby & cricket.
Hosen also played rugby 54 times for Cornwall, as well as also appearing 64 times for Cornwall in the Minor Counties cricket competition. He was a right hand bat and right arm pace bowler and he captained the county team from 1963 to 1967 making 1,444 runs, with a highest score of 100 not out. He played one First Class match when selected for the Minor Counties XI against the South African tourists in 1965 at Jesmond where he dismissed the South African skipper Peter van der Merwe LBW for 8 which was his only first class wicket. He was dismissed by Test left arm spinner Atholl McKinnon in both of his first class innings for 0 & 2 respectively.
Retirement.
He then became master in charge of rugby at Cheltenham College in 1966 and subsequently, to cope with timetable clashes, he moved to Bristol Rugby. In the 1980s he retired from teaching and became landlord of the Seven Stars pub in Stithians, still turning out well into his fifties for the local rugby club.
He died in Truro on 9 April 2005 aged 72.

</doc>
<doc id="18543957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18543957" title="French detainees at Guantanamo Bay">
French detainees at Guantanamo Bay

The United States Department of Defense acknowledges holding seven French detainees in Guantanamo.
A total of 778 detainees have been held in extrajudicial detention in the Guantanamo Bay detention camps, in Cuba since the camps opened on January 11, 2002
The camp population peaked in 2004 at approximately 660. Only nineteen new detainees, all "high value detainees" have been transferred there since the United States Supreme Court's ruling in Rasul v. Bush. 
The last French citizens were repatriated in March 2005.
Six of the men faced charges in France upon repatriation.
Five of the men were convicted.
Their convictions were overturned, on appeal, in February 2009.
On February 17, 2010, the Court of Cassation, a higher court, ordered a re-trial.

</doc>
<doc id="18543983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18543983" title="Ngati Rangi">
Ngati Rangi

Ko Ruapehu te Maunga<br>Ko Ngā Turi o Murimotu te Maunga Tapu<br>Ko Whangaehu te Awa<br>Ko Ngāti Rangi te Iwi
Introduction.
Ngāti Rangi is an iwi (Māori nation) of the central North Island, New Zealand. Mainly around the areas of Ohakune and the Upper Whanganui River. Ngāti Rangi are the original people of the land. Paerangi was the chief of Ngāti Rangi, he was one of the first to arrive in New Zealand, many years if not a hundred years before the great fleet.

</doc>
<doc id="18543986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18543986" title="Kores">
Kores

Kores may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18543988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18543988" title="Patton's Best">
Patton's Best

"Patton's Best" is a World War II solitaire wargame. It was designed by Bruce Shelley and published by Avalon Hill in 1987.
The game puts the player in command of an M4 Sherman tank belonging to George Patton's
4th Armoured Division in Northern Europe.
The game is played on an abstract map which portraits hypotethical territory in Normandy, several
tables and a depiction of the tank, on which the player puts cardboard counters to indicate the
actions performed by each member of the crew, the kind of ammunition currently loaded in the main
gun, the current state of hatches, turret and gun orientation, and other information.
A game is played in turns, each one corresponding to 15 minutes of real time: when random die rolls indicate that combat occurs the action switches to combat rounds, during which the player directs
the actions of each crew member (driver, assistant driver, gunner, loader and commander himself)
moving the tank and firing its weapons, while the randomly determined enemy reacts with actions
determined by random die rolls influenced by what the player does.
The player wins by earning "victory points" by knocking out enemy units and capturing enemy
territory, and preventing the enemy doing so. After a game is over the player has a chance to
improve his tank, switching to a later or improved model, and to improve the skills of his crew.
The game is quite detailed in terms of single-tank warfare simulation, including rules for
machine guns, smoke deployment, target acquisition, enemy spotting, crew casualties.

</doc>
<doc id="18543990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18543990" title="Reggie Pleasant">
Reggie Pleasant

Reginald Lecarno Pleasant (born May 2, 1962 in Sumter, South Carolina) is a former professional gridiron football defensive back. Playing collegiately for Clemson University, he then played in the Canadian Football League for eleven years with the Toronto Argonauts and the Edmonton Eskimos. He won a Grey Cup with the Argonauts in 1991. He started his professional career with the Atlanta Falcons of the National Football League in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="18544006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18544006" title="Deirochelyinae">
Deirochelyinae

The Deirochelyinae are a subfamily of Emydidae. Consists of species native to North, and South America, some of which are frequently kept as pets. As a result of pet trade, one species, the red-eared slider, can now be found in many parts of the world.

</doc>
<doc id="18544014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18544014" title="Korus">
Korus

Korus may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18544018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18544018" title="Grant Smith (field hockey)">
Grant Smith (field hockey)

Grant Leslie Smith (born 20 April 1971 in Canberra, Australian Capital Territory) is a former field hockey player from Australia, who was a member of the Men's National Hockey Team that won the bronze medal at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia.

</doc>
<doc id="18544043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18544043" title="Buttermilk Falls">
Buttermilk Falls

Buttermilk Falls is a 23 metre high plunge waterfall found below Oak Knoll Park (adjacent to King's Forest Park, Mountain Brow Boulevard and Limeridge Road East) in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.
Best viewed after a major rain storm. From this location you get a stunning view of the Red Hill Valley.
Nearby attractions include the Albion Falls, Escarpment Rail Trail, Felker's Falls, scenic views of Hamilton, Chippawa Rail Trail, King’s Forest Golf Course and Park, Mohawk Sports Park, Gage Park, Hamilton Children's Museum and the Bruce Trail.
Directions.
On Hamilton mountain travel east on Mohawk Road until you get to Mountain Brow Boulevard where you will follow it to the first parking lot on the left side. This is called Oak Knoll Park, pull in this parking lot and then walk to Buttermilk Falls.
External links.
Maps.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18544045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18544045" title="Life is Eternal">
Life is Eternal

Life Is Eternal can refer to:
--Interview in the San Francisco Examiner (26 August 1928)

</doc>
<doc id="18544049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18544049" title="Sehnsucht">
Sehnsucht

Sehnsucht () is a German noun translated as "longing", "yearning", or "craving", or in a wider sense a type of "intensely missing". However, "Sehnsucht" is difficult to translate adequately and describes a deep emotional state. Its meaning is somewhat similar to the Portuguese word, "saudade". Sehnsucht is a compound word, originating from an ardent longing or yearning ("das Sehnen") and disease ("das Siechen"). However, these words do not adequately encapsulate the full meaning of their resulting compound, even when considered together.
"Sehnsucht" represents thoughts and feelings about all facets of life that are unfinished or imperfect, paired with a yearning for ideal alternative experiences. It has been referred to as “life’s longings”; or an individual’s search for happiness while coping with the reality of unattainable wishes. Such feelings are usually profound, and tend to be accompanied by both positive and negative feelings. This produces what has often been described as an ambiguous emotional occurrence.
It is sometimes felt as a longing for a far-off country, but not a particular earthly land which we can identify. Furthermore there is something in the experience which suggests this far-off country is very familiar and indicative of what we might otherwise call "home". In this sense it is a type of nostalgia, in the original sense of that word. At other times it may seem as a longing for a someone or even a something. But the majority of people who experience it are not conscious of what or who the longed for object may be, and the longing is of such profundity and intensity that the subject may immediately be only aware of the emotion itself and not cognizant that there is a something longed "for". The experience is one of such significance that ordinary reality may pale in comparison, as in Walt Whitman's closing lines to "Song of the Universal":
<poem>Is it a dream?
Nay but the lack of it the dream,
And failing it life's lore and wealth a dream
And all the world a dream.
</poem>
In literature.
"Sehnsucht" took on a particular significance in the work of author C. S. Lewis. Lewis described "Sehnsucht" as the "inconsolable longing" in the human heart for "we know not what." In the afterword to the third edition of "The Pilgrim's Regress" he provided examples of what sparked this desire in him particularly:
That unnameable something, desire for which pierces us like a rapier at the smell of bonfire, the sound of wild ducks flying overhead, the title of "The Well at the World's End", the opening lines of "Kubla Khan", the morning cobwebs in late summer, or the noise of falling waves.
Because the concept of "Sehnsucht" is so important in Lewis' writing, the Arizona C. S. Lewis Society titled their annual journal "Sehnsucht: The C. S. Lewis Journal".
The German poet Siegfried August Mahlmann published a poem titled "Sehnsucht" in 1802.
In films.
The Lebanese film director Badran Roy Badran treated the concept of "Sehnsucht" in his feature film "A Play Entitled Sehnsucht" in 2011.
In psychology.
Psychologists have worked to capture the essence of "Sehnsucht" by identifying its six core characteristics: “(a) utopian conceptions of ideal development; (b) sense of incompleteness and imperfection of life; (c) conjoint time focus on the past, present, and future; (d) ambivalent (bittersweet) emotions; (e) reflection and evaluation of one's life; and (f) symbolic richness.”
In a cross-cultural study conducted to determine whether the German concept of "Sehnsucht" could be generalized to the United States, four samples of American and German participants “rated their 2 most important life longings and completed measures of subjective well-being and health.” German and American participants did not differ in their ability to identify life longings or the intensity of their "Sehnsucht". However, German participants associated it more with unattainable, utopian states while Americans reported the concept as not as important to everyday life.
Some researchers posit that "Sehnsucht" has a developmental function that involves life management. By imagining overarching and possibly unachievable goals, individuals may be able to create direction in their life by developing more tangible goals, or “stepping stones” that will aide them on their path toward their ideal self. "["Sehnsucht" has] important developmental functions, including giving directionality for life planning and helping to cope with loss and important, yet unattainable wishes by pursuing them in one's imagination." It can also operate as a self-regulatory mechanism.
However, in a study that attempted to discover whether "Sehnsucht" played an active role in one’s ability to influence their own development, psychologists asked 81 participants to report “their most important personal goals and life longings, and these with respect to their cognitive, emotional, and action-related characteristics.” Results showed that goals were perceived as more closely linked to everyday actions, and as such more controllable. "Sehnsucht", on the other hand, was reported as more related to the past and future, and therefore more emotionally and developmentally ambiguous.
Also, in a study conducted in 2009, 168 middle-aged childless women were asked to rate their wish for children according to intensity and attainability. If the women rated their wish as intense and long-standing, their wish was considered a life-longing. If they rated their wish as intense and attainable, it was simply a goal. “The pursuit of the wish for children as a life longing was positively related to well-being only when participants had high control over the experience of this life longing and when other self-regulation strategies (goal adjustment) failed.”
References.
Notes
Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="18544054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18544054" title="Digital EP">
Digital EP

Digital EP was a promotional EP by Be Your Own Pet for their studio album Get Awkward, which was being released about a week after this EP was released. This EP features the song "Black Hole" which was removed from the United States version of "Get Awkward" by Universal Lawyers for being "too violent".

</doc>
<doc id="18544063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18544063" title="Tivali Minsk">
Tivali Minsk

Tivali Minsk is an ice hockey club based in Minsk, Belarus.
History.
Formed in 1946, this Minsk based hockey team went through several identity changes all the while playing amongst several hockey leagues in Europe. It went bankrupt in 2001. In 2004, the team was brought back under its traditional namesake, Dinamo Minsk.

</doc>
<doc id="18544067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18544067" title="Friede Springer">
Friede Springer

Friede Springer (born Friede Riewerts on 15 August 1942 in Oldsum on the island of Föhr) is a German publisher and widow of Axel Springer.
Being a Frisian gardener's daughter, she worked as a nanny at the Springer family's home from 1965 on and later became Springer's lover and eventual partner. In 1978 she became Springer's fifth (and final) wife. She is a member of the Independent Evangelical-Lutheran Church in Germany.
After Axel Springer's death she, together with children and grandchildren from his prior marriages, inherited Springer's shares in his publishing trust. At the time, Springer was still holding 26.1 per cent of the corporation, the rest was held by the Bavarian film trader Leo Kirch, the Burda family and several minor investors. Subsequently she became manager of Axel Springer AG and sole executive manager of the Springer Holding.
Under her guidance, the Springer heirs bought back the company's shares from the two Burda brothers for about DM 531 million in 1988. Five years prior, the brothers had paid half that sum for their share. As Springer's children leaned up against her in the following years, she bought the family members out and thus took over their shares. In 2002, she (formally being the company's governing body) installed Mathias Döpfner as the new chairman of the board. He led the Springer AG out of its crisis and dissolved the tight bond with Munich based entrepreneur Leo Kirch.
Friede Springer owns 7% of Springer AG's stocks, most of all though 90% of "Axel Springer Gesellschaft für Publizistik GmbH & Co.", which in turn has a stake of 51.5% in Axel Springer AG. She acts as deputy chairperson of the board for Germany's second largest media group (with only Bertelsmann AG being bigger). After a merger with ProSiebenSat.1 Media AG the trust would have been on rank 24 of a worldwide list, yet such a motion could not pass a governmental commission's check for harmlessness of media conglomerates in Germany in January 2006.
According to "Forbes Magazine" she owns a private fortune of US$ 3 billion and thereby was ranking as number 29 on the list of Germany's wealthiest people and number 377 worldwide in 2013.
She is not only a friend of Angela Merkel but also a party member of the Christian Democratic Union. As such she participated in the 12th Federal Assembly in 2004 to elect the President of Germany.
Among other decorations she received the Order of Merit of the State of Berlin in 1988, the Great Cross of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany in 1996, the Leo Baeck Price by the Central Council of Jews in Germany in 2000 and in 2004 she received the Bavarian Order of Merit.

</doc>
<doc id="18544081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18544081" title="Robert Knox Sneden">
Robert Knox Sneden

Robert Knox Sneden (1832 in Nova Scotia – 1918) was an American landscape painter, as well as a map-maker for the Union Army during the American Civil War who was a prolific illustrator and memoirist. According to the Virginia Historical Society, Private Sneden's artwork was "the largest collection of Civil War soldier art ever produced".
Life.
Robert Knox Sneden left Brooklyn in 1861 to enlist in the 40th New York Volunteer Infantry Regiment (the Mozart Regiment) of the Army of the Potomac. He served as a quartermaster. In 1861, they camped near Leesburg Turnpike. 
He served on Samuel P. Heintzelman's III Corps staff, as a draughtsman on map work, from January 12, 1862. On March 22, 1862, Sneden embarked with him for the Peninsula Campaign, participating in the Battle of Williamsburg, Battle of Seven Pines, Battle of Savage's Station, Battle of Glendale. Returning to Northern Virginia, he took part in the Second Battle of Bull Run. He was assigned to the defenses of Washington, first in Alexandria, then at Arlington House. 
In October, 1863, after Battle of Bristoe Station, he was assigned to David B. Birney's division, participating in the Battle of Kelly's Ford. 
He was assigned to the staff of general William H. French, during the abortive Battle of Mine Run.
On November 27, 1863 Sneden was captured by Confederate troops under John S. Mosby. 
He was held at a tobacco warehouse next to Libby Prison, from November 30, 1863, where he suffered from Typhoid fever.
After a small escape, they were shipped to a new prisoner of war camp in Georgia, on February 22, 1864. He was held in the notorious Andersonville Prison, but continued making clandestine drawings. On December 11, 1864, he was exchanged at Charleston. 
After the war, although crippled from his time in Andersonville, he made a number of his war drawings into watercolors.
Archival discovery.
In 1994, an art dealer approached the Virginia Historical Society, about a Civil War archive that had languished in a Connecticut bank vault. Sneden's great-great-nephew also sold his "diary", and watercolors.
His works held by the Virginia Historical Society, are available at the Library of Congress.

</doc>
<doc id="18544084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18544084" title="Sugar Hill (TV pilot)">
Sugar Hill (TV pilot)

Sugar Hill is a 1999 comedy television pilot. It was directed by Andy Cadiff, written by Chris Henchy and Gary David Goldberg and produced by Linda Nieber. It stars Ted Hollis, Jenna Matison, W. Earl Brown, Duane Martin, Teri Polo, Donald Faison, Joe Pantoliano and Charlie Sheen as "Matt". A 30 minute long pilot was premiered on January 1, 1999. The series was remade under the name ""Battery Park"".

</doc>
<doc id="18544111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18544111" title="Brendan Garard">
Brendan Garard

Brendan James Garard (born 6 December 1971 in Brisbane, Queensland) is a former field hockey player from Australia, who was a member of the Men's National Hockey Team that won the bronze medal at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia. He is the husband of international Ironman Triathlete Melissa Ashton.

</doc>
<doc id="18544123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18544123" title="Get Damaged EP">
Get Damaged EP

Get Damaged is a 2008 EP album by Be Your Own Pet, released by their UK label XL Recordings. It features three tracks from XL's international release of the band's second album, "Get Awkward", that were removed by Universal Records (distributor for the band's US label, Ecstatic Peace) from the US version for being "too violent".

</doc>
<doc id="18544126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18544126" title="Percy Dodd">
Percy Dodd

Percy William Dodd (1889 – 20 May 1931) was a British classicist who taught at the Universities of Leeds and Oxford.
Biography.
Dodd was born in 1889. He was the third son of Charles Dodd, of Wrexham, and was educated at Grove Park School, Wrexham before matriculating at Jesus College, Oxford as an Open Classical Scholar in 1907. He obtained a second-class degree in Literae Humaniores in 1911 and became a lecturer in classics at the University of Leeds. During World War I, Dodd was a captain in the West Yorkshire Regiment and served in France. His war service, however, affected his health and he suffered from frequent bouts of illness thereafter.
Dodd was elected as Fellow and assistant tutor in philosophy at Jesus College in 1919, becoming senior tutor in 1926. He was described by the Scottish classical scholar Alexander Souter as an "enthusiastic investigator" of Roman Britain, whose published report of excavations in Yorkshire were "a model of their kind". He died on 20 May 1931. He left a substantial sum to the college in his will, which is used to support non-academic travel by college undergraduates.

</doc>
<doc id="18544157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18544157" title="Beautiful You">
Beautiful You

Beautiful You may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18544160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18544160" title="Bundler">
Bundler

Bundler can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18544165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18544165" title="10th Regiment">
10th Regiment

10th Regiment may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18544174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18544174" title="Matthew Smith (field hockey)">
Matthew Smith (field hockey)

Matthew John Smith (born 20 November 1973 in Tamworth, New South Wales) is a former field hockey player from Australia, who was a member of the Men's National Hockey Team that won the bronze medal at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia. He played club hockey for the North Coast Raiders.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18544184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18544184" title="Charles Jones, 5th Viscount Ranelagh">
Charles Jones, 5th Viscount Ranelagh

Captain Charles Jones, 5th Viscount Ranelagh, RN was a British Royal Navy officer and Irish peer of the late-eighteenth century who served on the Ireland station in but died aged 39 from illness during his military service.
The son of Charles Wilkinson Jones, 4th Viscount Ranelagh and his wife Sarah Montgomery, Jones was raised in Dublin and attended Trinity College, Dublin before joining the Royal Navy.
Jones was appointed in 1795 to HMS "Doris" and attached to the Irish station during the French Revolutionary Wars. In January 1797, "Doris" was part of a squadron that chased the deep into the Atlantic Ocean. "Fraternité" was the flagship of the French attempt to invade Bantry Bay and by driving her off, the invasion force was left leaderless and was dispersed and defeated piecemeal. Later in the year, on 20 April 1797, Jones inherited the viscountcy from his deceased father and became Lord Ranelagh.
In 1798, "Doris" was again involved in foiling a French attempt to invade Ireland, forming part of a squadron under Sir John Borlase Warren. "Doris" was detached in early October to search the Donegal coast for French ships however and so missed the Battle of Tory Island in which the French invasion force was defeated and dispersed. Two years later, "Doris" was in Plymouth Sound when Lord Ranelagh died from a sudden illness. His titles were passed to his younger brother Thomas Jones.

</doc>
<doc id="18544189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18544189" title="Daniel Goldberg (politician)">
Daniel Goldberg (politician)

Daniel Goldberg (born 24 August 1965, Saint-Denis, France) is a French Socialist politician. A mathematics teacher, he was elected deputy in 2007 to represent La Courneuve.

</doc>
<doc id="18544191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18544191" title="HMS Belle Poule">
HMS Belle Poule

Two ships of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS "Belle Poule", from the French meaning "Beautiful Chicken":

</doc>
<doc id="18544194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18544194" title="Dolfines Guaraní">
Dolfines Guaraní

The Dolfines Guaraní complex is a pair of high-rise luxury apartment buildings in Rosario, Santa Fe, Argentina.
Completed in 2011, the development comprises twin towers (Dolfines Guaraní 1 and 2), with 46 floors, high. Upon completion, they became the tallest buildings in the country outside of Buenos Aires.
The towers are located on the area known as Puerto Norte, facing the Paraná River.

</doc>
<doc id="18544211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18544211" title="Terry Wolverton">
Terry Wolverton

Terry Wolverton (born 1954) is an American novelist, memoirist, poet, and editor. Her book "Insurgent Muse: Life and art at the Woman’s Building," a memoir published in 2002 by City Lights Books, was named one of the “Best Books of 2002” by the Los Angeles Times, and was the winner of the 2003 Publishing Triangle Judy Grahn Award, and a finalist for the Lambda Literary Award. Her novel-in-poems "Embers" was a finalist for the PEN USA Litfest Poetry Award and the Lambda Book Award.
Biography.
Born August 23, 1954 in Cocoa Beach, Florida, Wolverton grew up in Detroit, Michigan. 
Her grandmother, Elsba Mae Miller, a former English teacher, would often read and recite poetry to her, and Wolverton credits this for inspiring her love of language. Even as a child Wolverton was interested in the arts, especially writing, music, and drama; she graduated from the Performing Arts curriculum of Cass Technical High School in 1972.
Terry Wolverton attended the University of Detroit as a student in its BFA Theatre Program. In 1973, she transferred to the University of Toronto, majoring in Theatre, Psychology, and Women's Studies.
Wolverton participated in Sagaris, an independent institute for the study of feminist political theory, in 1975. She next enrolled in Thomas Jefferson College, an experimental school based at Grand Valley State Colleges in Western Michigan, and participated in its feminist Women, World, and Wonder program.
Wolverton moved to Los Angeles in 1976, enrolling in the Feminist Studio Workshop at the Woman's Building. She spent the next thirteen years at the Woman's Building where, in addition to writing and performing, she was also instrumental in the Lesbian Art Project, the Incest Awareness Project, the Great American Lesbian Art Show (GALAS), and a White Women's Anti-Racism Consciousness-Raising Group. From 1987-88, she served as the nonprofit organization's Executive Director.
Wolverton has taught performance skills and creative writing since 1977. In 1986, she developed the Visions and Revisions Writing Program at Connexxus Women's Center/Centro de Mujeres. In 1988, she launched the Perspectives Writing Program at the Los Angeles Gay and Lesbian Center, where she taught until 1997.
In 1997, Wolverton founded Writers at Work, a creative writing center where she continues to teach fiction, creative nonfiction, and poetry, and to provide creative consultations to writers.
Since 2000, Terry has been a certified instructor of yoga. She lives in Los Angeles.
Work.
2007- Terry co-founded "The Future of Publishing." A Think Tank, which convened writers, 
publishers, booksellers and publicists to consider new models for reaching 
readers. In addition to discussions, workshops were offered, a readers 
survey was conducted, an online directory of literary resources in LA County was compiled.
2007–Present Terry became Affiliate Faculty in the MFA Writing Program at Antioch University Los Angeles. 
2011-From Site to Vision: the Woman's Building in Contemporary Culture 
(edited with Sondra Hale), Ben Maltz Gallery, Otis College of Art and Design.
Terry has been working with with jazz composer David Ornette Cherry (son of jazz trumpeter Don Cherry) 
to adapt her novel in poems, EMBERS as an opera.Although it has not yet been produced, Concert readings
have been held in the ALOUD series at the Central Library of Los Angeles in 2009 and at Grand Performances 
in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="18544218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18544218" title="Acanthoma">
Acanthoma

An acanthoma is a skin neoplasm composed of squamous or epidermal cells. It is located in the prickle cell layer.
Types of acanthoma include pilar sheath acanthoma, a benign follicular tumor usually of the upper lip; clear cell acanthoma, a benign tumor found most frequently on the legs; and Degos acanthoma, often confused with but unrelated to Degos disease.
History.
In 2005, "Acanthoma" was added to MeSH as an index term; previous indexing was "Skin Neoplasms" (1965-2004). At that time, PubMed indexed only 206 articles with the term "acanthoma" (the term usually in the title or abstract).

</doc>
<doc id="18544229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18544229" title="Broad stingray">
Broad stingray

The broad stingray ("Dasyatis lata"), also known as the brown stingray or Hawaiian stingray, is a species of stingray in the family Dasyatidae. The predominant species of stingray in the inshore waters of the Hawaiian Islands, this benthic fish typically inhabits sandy or muddy flats at depths greater than . Usually growing to across, the broad stingray has a wide, diamond-shaped pectoral fin disc with a protruding snout tip and a long tail with a ventral fin fold. At night, this species actively forages for bottom-dwelling invertebrates and bony fishes, often near the boundaries of reefs. Reproduction is aplacental viviparous. As there does not appear to be any substantial threats to its population, the International Union for Conservation of Nature has listed this species under Least Concern.
Taxonomy and phylogeny.
American zoologist Samuel Garman described the broad stingray in an 1880 issue of the scientific journal "Bulletin of the Museum of Comparative Zoology", giving it the name "Trygon lata" from the Latin word for "broad". Subsequent authors synonymized "Trygon" with "Dasyatis". The type specimen was collected from what were then called the "Sandwich Islands", and measures across.
Lisa Rosenberger's 2001 phylogenetic analysis of 14 "Dasyatis" species, based on morphological characters, found that the sister species of the broad stingray is the roughtail stingray ("D. centroura"), and that they form a clade with the southern stingray ("D. americana") and the longtail stingray ("D. longa"). As "D. centroura" is found in the Atlantic, this suggests that it and "D. lata" evolutionarily diverged before or with the formation of the Isthmus of Panama ("c." 3 Ma).
Distribution and habitat.
The broad stingray has only been confirmed to occur around the Hawaiian Islands, where it is the most abundant stingray. A record of this species from off Taiwan has yet to be verified. Broad stingrays are common in coastal bays with mud or silt bottoms, including Ma'alaea Bay off the island of Maui and Kaneohe Bay off the island of Oahu, but may also be encountered in sandy areas or near coral reefs. It has been reported from depths of , though most are found deeper than .
Description.
The broad stingray has a diamond-shaped pectoral fin disc a fourth wider than long, with nearly straight leading margins that converge at an obtuse angle, and curved trailing margins. The tip of the snout is rounded and protrudes past the disc. The mouth is arched and contains 5–6 papillae on the floor, two of which are in front of the others. The pelvic fins are short and rounded. The whip-like tail is twice the length of the disc or more, and bears a serrated stinging spine on the upper surface near the tail base. There is a long, narrow fin fold beneath the tail, which eventually becomes a keel that runs all the way to the tail tip.
Larger rays have three large, elongated tubercles in the middle of the back; the tail is roughened by small dermal denticles, along with an irregular row of conical tubercles on each side and several large, flattened tubercles in front of the spine. This species is plain olive to brown above and white below. Though rarely found so far west, the similar-looking diamond stingray ("D. dipterura") is the only other nearshore stingray that occurs off Hawaii; it can be distinguished from this species by its tail, which is shorter and has both upper and lower fin folds. The broad stingray can reach across and in weight, though few exceed across.
Biology and ecology.
During the day, the broad stingray is relatively inactive and spends much time lying half-buried on the bottom. A tracking study in Kaneohe Bay found that individuals rays roamed over an average area of at night, compared to an average diurnal activity space of , and did not rest consistently in any particular spot. Rays were most active two hours after sunset and before sunrise, and were more active in the higher water temperatures of summer than winter. The behavior of this species was not significantly influenced by tides, likely because they inhabit deeper water.
The broad stingray feeds mainly on bottom-dwelling crustaceans, while also taking polychaete worms and small bony fishes. It excavates large pits to uncover buried prey, and is often followed by opportunists such as jacks. Foraging rays favor areas close to reef boundaries, where many parrotfish, wrasses, gobies, and other reef fishes shelter at night. Known parasites of this species include the tapeworms "Acanthobothrium chengi", "Rhinebothrium hawaiiensis", "Pterobothrium hawaiiensis", "Prochristianella micracantha", and "Parachristianella monomegacantha". Like other stingrays, the broad stingray is aplacental viviparous. Kaneohe Bay appears to be a nursery area for this species, where it and juvenile scalloped hammerheads ("Sphyrna lewini") are the dominant predators.
Human interactions.
The International Union for the Conservation of Nature (IUCN) has assessed the broad stingray as of Least Concern, as it faces no obvious threats from human activity and its range overlaps with several Marine Protected Areas (MPAs). This species has become a popular subject for display at public aquariums and resorts.

</doc>
<doc id="18544287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18544287" title="ČEZ Aréna">
ČEZ Aréna

ČEZ Aréna may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18544295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18544295" title="Boxer TV Ireland">
Boxer TV Ireland

Boxer DTT Limited (which intended to trade as Boxer) was a company that had been awarded the contract to operate a mainly pay-TV digital terrestrial television service in Republic of Ireland.
Boxer was a joint venture between Boxer TV Access AB, now owned ultimately by the Government of Sweden via Teracom (3I recently sold their stake to Teracom in Boxer AB), and Denis O'Brien's Communicorp Group Limited specifically established, with the support of BT Ireland, to promote, support and drive take-up of DTT in Ireland. They had been awarded in principle three multiplex contracts, for multiplexes (A, B,C). (As with all BCI licences, the operating company only holds contracts, the actual broadcasting licences being issued by the Commission for Communications Regulation to the BCI). Raidió Teilifís Éireann will hold one further multiplex licence intended mainly for free-to-air services.
However on 20 April 2009, the Broadcasting Commission of Ireland confirmed that Boxer had withdrawn its application to operate the digital terrestrial television multplexes in Ireland. In the absence of a contract, the company is extremely unlikely to ever commence trading.
Competition.
Boxer received in principle the conditional contract for Muxes 2–4 (A-C). They beat off strong competition from two other consortia to win the 12-year contract. These two were Easy TV made up of RTÉ Commercial Enterprises & Liberty Global Incorporated (parent of UPC Ireland) and OneVision which is made up of Setanta Sports, TV3 Ireland, Arqiva and Eircom. On 20 April 2009, the BCI revealed that OneVision had been the second placed applicant and that following Boxer's withdrawal, it intended to ascertain whether it was still interested in operating the DTT multiplexes.
Launch plans.
Boxer's business plan submitted to the Commission detailed a service on the following lines.
Free to air "Saorview" channels:
The "Boxer Starter Pack" includes 7 channels for €9.99 per month (provisional):
The "Boxer Pack" includes the Starter Pack and 11 channels for €22.99 per month (provisional):
Two "Premium Packs" for €24.99 each per month:
Boxer pay features might have included "pay as you go", "plug and play" installation and a selection of portable card options for different customer requirements.
Some commentators point to potential media concentration conflicts due to Communicorp involvement in radio and the Irish Independent Newspaper as shareholder in receiving competition regulatory approval. However, Boxer did not intend to produce content, but rather run a platform, so would have argued that such concern does not currently arise in its current business model.
Promotion.
A national information campaign for Irish DTT will be carried out by the DCENR. Had Boxer launched, it had proposed to use mostly TV and Radio advertisements making use of Communicorp's group of radio channels and via promotion in retailers large and small using commission sales and potentially travelling information roadshows.
End of contract negotiations.
According to an article in the Irish Independent on 26 February 2009, there could be further delays in a launch of Pay DTT slated for late 2009. Boxer had not completed contract with RTÉ NL regarding equipment and the contract for the license with the BCI is not yet concluded leaving a little unclarity regarding pay DTT launch date. According to the article however, ""While there is an obvious synergy between the commercial and public aspects, the department expects RTÉ to deliver on the 2007 (Broadcasting) Act obligations (to achieve analogue switch-off by 2012) and to ensure the project does not lose its momentum," "informed the Department of Communications to the newspaper article's author.
Thus at least with the rollout continuing with more transmitters starting test transmissions for DTT the Free-to-air launch looks at least on-target. Whether FTA DTT gets formal public marketed launch or not is the open question but without doubt FTA DTT will be receivable at least in test form and odds on are that free-to-air DTT will get a public launch, with or without pay DTT launch.
On 20 April 2009, the BCI announced that Boxer had ended negotiations on the DTT contract without a successful outcome. Boxer DTT confirmed this [http://www.boxer.se/?page=1365] on their website and wished the BCI well in reaching DTT objectives. Following One Vision's protracted and unsuccessful negotiations following Boxer's widthrawal, the BAI, its successor regulator on 30 April 2010, now intends to establish whether the third placed consortium, Easy TV, is still interested in the DTT multiplex operator's contract.
External links.
COMMUNICORP/BOXER Sweden/Boxer

</doc>
<doc id="18544298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18544298" title="Al Madrigal">
Al Madrigal

Alessandro Liborio "Al" Madrigal (born July 4, 1971) is an American stand-up comedian and actor. He is a regular correspondent on "The Daily Show with Jon Stewart". He previously co-starred in the CBS prime-time situation comedies "Gary Unmarried" with Jay Mohr and "Welcome to The Captain" with Fran Kranz. He is a regular sketch performer on "The Late Late Show" with Craig Ferguson and has also appeared on "Jimmy Kimmel Live!"
Early life.
A native of San Francisco, California, Madrigal grew up in the city's Inner Sunset District, where his neighbors included future comedians Mike Pritchard, Margaret Cho and the Meehan Brothers. His father is of Mexican heritage while his mother is of Italian heritage. He attended St. Ignatius College Preparatory High School where he was salutatorian for the class of 1989. He then attended the University of San Francisco, but left the school two credits shy of receiving a degree. Madrigal worked for 10 years in a human resources staffing agency run by his family. In 1998, he decided to pursue a full-time career in comedy.
Comedy career.
Madrigal appeared in San Francisco's comedy clubs, both as a solo performer and as a member of the sketch group Fresh Robots, which he co-founded. In 2002, he enjoyed his first major exposure in two comedy festivals: Sketchfest in San Francisco, as part of Fresh Robots, and the "New Faces" showcase of the Just for Laughs Festival in Montreal.
In 2003, Madrigal successfully auditioned for a starring role on "The Ortegas", a comedy series for the Fox Network. The series, which was based on the BBC comedy "The Kumars at No. 42", cast Madrigal as the son of a Mexican American family in California who hosts a TV talk show from a studio he operates in the backyard of his parents' home. However, the network dropped the series from its schedule before broadcasting any of its six filmed episodes.
Comedy Central featured his stand up in their animated series Shorties Watchin' Shorties. Madrigal won a jury award in 2004 for best stand-up comedian at the U.S. Comedy Arts Festival in Aspen, Colorado. After winning the award, he signed a talent holding deal with CBS. However, he would not appear on CBS until January 2008, when he was cast as a building attendant named Jesus (pronounced “Jee-sus”) in the CBS comedy "Welcome to The Captain". The series was cancelled after five episodes.
Madrigal was the star of a 2005 Comedy Central special, and has been a guest on "Jimmy Kimmel Live!" and "The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson". He co-starred in the CBS series "Gary Unmarried" (originally titled "Project Gary"), which debuted on CBS in September 2008. He appeared on "The Tonight Show" with Conan O'Brien on July 8, 2009. It was announced on May 17, 2011, that he would be joining "The Daily Show with Jon Stewart".

</doc>
<doc id="18544316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18544316" title="Lima, Paraguay">
Lima, Paraguay

Lima is a town of the Department of San Pedro Paraguay.
District of Lima.
One of the districts of the Second Department of San Pedro Paraguay, which is more than 330 km from the city Asuncion.
It was founded in 1792 and it is credited to Fray Pedro Bartolome, as a mission with Guanás Indians, on the shores of Aguaray River.
Lima was founded in 1901, as the 2nd district. Department of San Pedro.
With an area of approximately 992 km², and an estimated population of 10,367 Inhab
Located on the River Aguaray Guazú, whose main activities are livestock, the exploitation of mate and some agricultural crops.
With its population of about 10,367 inhabitants it has a density of 13 inhabitants / km².
It also has airfields for small and medium-sized machines.
Geography.
This district is accessible by Route 3 General Elizardo Aquino, and Route No. 11 Juana de Lara.
Other routes are without pavement.
The internal roads do not have any kind of paving.
Today, this district has public transport services with interdistrict services and daily services up to the country's capital, and also to Ciudad del Este Pedro Juan Caballero Brazil, Argentina and Chile.
The District has an airport (runway).
It’s bordered on the north by the District of Nueva Germania and the District of Santa Rosa del Aguaray, both districts separated by the Aguaray Guazú River.
To the south are the District of San Pablo and the District of Choré. The Jejui Guazú River; separates the two districts.
To the east lies the District General Isidro Resquín. 
At the west lies the District of San Pedro de Ycuamandiyú, and the District of Nueva Germania, the Aguaray Guazú River separates both districts.
Hydrography.
Rio Aguaray Guazú, its beaches are creamy, its white sand draws people in times of very hot weather.
The Jejui Guazú River is the least polluted river in the country.
Climate.
It is wet and rainy, the relative humidity is 70 to 80%. The average temperature is 23 °C, the highest in summer is 35 °C and the least is 10 °C.
Language.
The predominant language is Guaraní, that is approximately spoken by the 80% of the population. Spanish and Guaraní (yopara) is spoken by 20% of the remaining population.
Demographics.
The District of Lima, according to the National Housing Census for 2002 has a total population of 10,367 inhabitants. In the urban area the amount is of 2,131 inhabitants, and in the rural area is 8,236 inhabitants.
Its rural population is 79.44% of the total population.
The total households in the district amounts to the amount of 2,064, of which corresponds to households in urban areas the number of 506, and in rural areas the number of 1,558 households, representing 75.48% of the households living in rural areas.
According to the projection of the district's total population, by gender and year have the following details:
As for the main socio-demographic indicators, the district of Lima has the following details:
History.
It is one of the typical populations born at the end of eighteenth century to retain a strong Franciscan mark, while Choré and Guayaybi are notable for their intense agricultural production. Until today it retains its old adobe church, built in colonial times.
At present, "INDERT", formerly the Rural Welfare Institute, has enabled the following:
Communal Fields.
In 1984, by Resolution No. 1753, with an area of 146 ha. The Colony Sargento Montanía.
In 1998, by Resolution No. 1165, with an area of 179 ha. The Colony San Jose del Norte.
There are also colonies: Loma Clavel, with an area of 180 ha. Mayor Hermosa-COSTA PUCU with an area of 1167 hectares. And the Mayor of Hermosa-Sgto. Montania.
Ecological Reserves.
In the District of Lima, is the Ecological Reserve CAPIITINDY with an area of 102 hectares, which was created in 1995, by Resolution No. 1251.
Indigenous Colonies.
It is the community AVARIYU with an area of 237 ha, in the years 1980 and 1991, by Resolution No. 789.799, and 1623 respectively.
Economy.
The city is a major center of activity that includes livestock production of cattle, horses, sheep and pigs.
In agriculture, there are crops in the district like mate, cotton, tobacco, sugar cane, cassava, sesame, cedrón Paraguay, soy, beans, potatoes, alfalfa, citrus, peanuts, wheat and cassava. Oranges; sour and sweet, and sunflower.
The main activity of its residents is the development of mate.
68.7% of the department’s population is poor and the while the rest of the population is not considered poor, the needs are very marked, their average monthly income per family is of 496,645 Guaraní, representing a per person average monthly income of 95,915 Guaraní.
Livestock: cattle, horses, pigs.
Tourism.
The beaches that are watered by the River Aguaray Guazú are of white and crystal sand, which attracts domestic tourism. It also has health resorts, farms and a square that are the attractions of the city.
The health resort Raul Valiente, has beautiful beaches on the River Aguaray and has Quinchos, sports fields, changing rooms, canteens, etc.It is a private place, managed by an association of taxi drivers.
As an attraction it retains its old adobe church, built in times of Spanish Colony, in honor of San Francisco and Virgen del Rosario, although a more modern temple has been built.

</doc>
<doc id="18544333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18544333" title="The Scrambled States of America Talent Show">
The Scrambled States of America Talent Show

The Scrambled States of America Talent Show is the companion to 1998's "The Scrambled States of America" by children's book author and illustrator Laurie Keller.
This book was both a Children's Book-of-the-Month Club and Junior Library Guild selection.
Plot.
New York comes up with the idea of having all the states participate in a talent show. The states eagerly agree and prepare for their acts. However, Georgia has stage fright and is worried how her performance will go.

</doc>
<doc id="18544336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18544336" title="Elkanah Greer">
Elkanah Greer

Elkanah Brackin (or Bracken) Greer (October 11, 1825 – March 25, 1877) was an antebellum cotton planter, merchant, and then a general in the Confederate States Army who served in the Western Theater of the American Civil War.
Biography.
Greer was born in Paris, Tennessee. He moved to Mississippi as a young man and took part in the Mexican War as a member of the 1st Mississippi Rifles, whose colonel was future Confederate President Jefferson Davis. He participated in the battles of Monterrey and Buena Vista.
In 1848, Greer moved to Marshall, Texas, where he established himself as a planter and merchant, and for a time was a partner in a law firm. Three years later, he returned to Tennessee to marry a local girl named Anna Holcombe (whose famous sister Lucy Petway Holcombe married Francis Wilkinson Pickens, and became known during the Civil War as the "Queen of the Confederacy"). Elkanah and Anna had five children. He became the grand commander of the secretive Knights of the Golden Circle organization in 1859.
With the secession of Texas, Greer enlisted in the army and was commissioned as the first colonel of the newly formed the South Kansas-Texas Cavalry (later known as the 3rd Texas Cavalry) in July 1861. After training and equipping his men, he led the regiment into combat at the battles of Wilson's Creek and Elkhorn Tavern in Arkansas. During the latter engagement, Greer was slightly wounded in the arm.
In October 1862, he was promoted to the rank of brigadier general and appointed as chief of the conscription bureau for the Trans-Mississippi region. Among his many responsibilities was trying to reconcile the laws of the central Confederate government with those of the State of Texas.
In 1864, faced with a growing manpower shortage, the Confederacy formed a Reserve Corps department, and Greer commanded it for a time.
After the war, he resumed his civilian career as a planter and merchant. He died during a visit with his sister in DeValls Bluff, Arkansas, on March 25, 1877.
Greer is buried in Elmwood Cemetery in Memphis, Tennessee.

</doc>
<doc id="18544348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18544348" title="James FitzJames">
James FitzJames

James FitzJames may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18544351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18544351" title="National Collegiate Honors Council">
National Collegiate Honors Council

The National Collegiate Honors Council (NCHC) is 
professional association of undergraduate honors programs, colleges, directors, deans, faculty, staff, and students. NCHC has 1,342 members in the United States and abroad, providing support for institutions and individuals to develop and expand honors education. The organization has its national headquarters at The University of Nebraska-Lincoln. Through its annual conference, professional networking, and publications, NCHC provides a platform for honors curriculum development, program assessment, national and international study opportunities, internships, honors advising, scholarships, independent research, program assessment and job listings. NCHC also maintains links with regional and state honors organizations.
Mission.
The National Collegiate Honors Council promotes academic opportunity for honors students and faculty at two-year and four-year undergraduate public and private colleges and universities. In recent years honors models have been developed in several countries, and international membership in the organization has expanded. Keyed to high-end students, it fosters an intellectual environment that values scholarship, creativity, and social engagement. NCHC is one of the few academic organizations in which students, faculty and administrators participate equally in shared experiences . It has evolved developed several hallmark programs that bring participants from diverse institutions together expressly for integrative learning: City as Text™ (shared explorations of urban settings), Honors Semesters (study abroad as a cohort of honors students and faculty), and Partners in the Parks (week-long adventures in American national parks). All have evolved as experiential—out-of-classroom—models of teaching and learning.
History.
The concept of an honors education in the western university tradition can be traced to the establishment of ‘pass’ and ‘honors’ degree designations at Oxford and Cambridge Universities in 1830. Harvard was the first American institution to offer a degree with honors. By the 1920s liberal arts colleges had developed honors curricula, and many departmental majors offered honors designations. By the late 1930s, over 100 honors programs existed in the United States, a number that remained stable until the Soviet launch of Sputnik in 1957; the “space race” that followed gave American educators the thrust needed to support enriched education for high-end students. In 1957, the Inter-University Committee on the Superior Student (ICSS) was formed as a clearinghouse for information on honors activities. ICSS received funds from the Carnegie Corporation, the National Science Foundation, and the U.S. Office of Education to help establish honors programs at colleges and universities across the United States. In 1965, ICSS disbanded when its external funding expired.
Spearheaded by people committed to maintaining a professional association of honors educators, the National Collegiate Honors Council was formed in 1966. NCHC continues to grow as a resource and network for those involved in undergraduate honors education. Although honors programs and colleges are specific to individual institutions, all share a common philosophy of academic enrichment based on the theory that students profit from close contact with faculty, small courses, seminars or one-on-one instruction, individual research projects, internships, foreign study, and campus or community service.
Officers and governance.
NCHC is a non-profit (501c3) organization governed by a 24-member Board of Directors: President, President-Elect, Vice-President, Immediate Past President, Secretary, Treasurer, and eighteen members at large elected by the membership, including six student members. The Executive Director is Ms. Cynthia M. Hill, who works from the organization’s national office located on the campus of the University of Nebraska-Lincoln.
Publications.
NCHC publishes two refereed journals and a monograph series. The Journal of the National College Honors Council (JNCHC) publishes scholarly articles on honors education. Honors in Practice (HIP) features articles on nuts-and-bolts operations and current practices in honors teaching and programming. The monograph series includes a variety of handbooks and texts addressing specific aspects of honors learning, teaching, and administration. These publications are indexed full-text in the following library databases: EBSCOhost, Gale and H.W. Wilson and are archived in the University of Nebraska-Lincoln’s Digital Commons repository.
Annual Conference.
Each fall, NCHC holds its annual conference in a major city in the United States. Honors educators and students gather for a variety of workshops and committee meetings as well as the opportunity to interact and exchange ideas. The conference is also open to non-members with an interest in honors education, such as high school college advisors seeking to place qualified students in honors programs. Among the workshops, Beginning in Honors, Developing in Honors, and Best Honors Administrative Practices are useful to people at particular stages in their career. Each conference also features student master classes in the arts, plenary speakers, City as Text™, an experiential-learning exploration of the host city, and a Partners in the Parks exploration of a local National Park Service site.
Workshops.
In addition to workshops offered at the annual conference, NCHC also hosts intensive workshops and institutes throughout the year on faculty development and on assessment and evaluation. Faculty development workshops are keyed to culture and environment in specific site locations. Recent workshops have taken place in Las Vegas/Death Valley, Kentucky Cave Country, and Santa Fe, New Mexico.
Recommended Site Visitors
NCHC maintains up-to-date listings of faculty and administrators willing to provide consulting services as external reviewers of honors programs and colleges. All site visitors have completed an NCHC Faculty Institute in assessment and evaluation.
Honors Semesters.
Honors Semesters are designed to immerse highly motivated students in field studies, research, internships, and seminars at a host site. Past Honors Semesters have been in Washington, D.C., the Grand Canyon, New York City, El Paso, Appalachia, the Maine Coast, Iowa, Puerto Rico, Mexico, Greece, the Czech Republic, Spain, and the Southeast coast of the United States, on topics ranging from local culture to global concerns. Plans for another Grand Canyon Semester and a semester on Sustainable Development and Social Justice in Chile are in progress. Most recently, winter mini-semesters (winterims) have become popular, the latest taking place in the Peruvian Amazon.

</doc>
<doc id="18544378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18544378" title="Neneco Norton">
Neneco Norton

Neneco Norton (born Elio Ramon Gonzalez, Asuncion, Paraguay, December 8, 1923) is a musician, composer and orchestra director. He was born in 1923 in Asuncion, capital of the Republic of Paraguay on December 8, the day of the festival of the Virgin of Caacupé, an important date for Paraguayans. His parents were Apolonio Benitez and Hermelinda Gonzalez.
Despite his age, he maintains his activity in music.
Early career.
Neneco got his start in music when he played trumpet in the battalion band of the Rojas Silva battalion of Salesianito, a private school in Asuncion. His lessons in elementary music theory were taken with Ernesto Pérez Acosta. He learned theory and higher sight-reading with maestro Jose de Jesus Villalba, and then studied harmony with Professor Otakar Platill.
While in the Rojas Silva battalion, he formed a musical group. Its members included Luis Meza Osmer, Rubito Medina on guitar, Benjamin Cabañas on clarinet, and a singer who later would be famous: Luis Alberto del Paraná.
Norton was awarded the title of senior professor of theory and music theory at the Jorge Baez Conservatory. He formed his own orchestra, "Los Caballeros del Ritmo", a remarkable grouping comprising Rudy Heyn, Chon Duarte, Paco Gomez, Victorio Ortiz and Nelson Mendoza. The band went on tour throughout Paraguay, as well as to cities in Argentina, Brazil, and Uruguay.
Song writing career.
Norton has written more than eighty compositions. The guarania "Aquel Ayer," a renowned work, marked his first experience in the field of composition and was recorded by Luis Alberto del Paraná, who catapulted it to success. He is the author of one of the most well known Paraguayan songs, "Paloma Blanca" (The White Dove). This song has been recorded by countless national and international performers, including Julio Iglesias. This success was joined by numerous compositions throughout his long career as a composer, conductor, and orchestral arranger. Other highlights include "Buscándote" and "Tus Ojos". The song "Yo vì un Amanecer," with lyrics by journalist Humberto Rubin and with the voice of Niño Pereira, represented Paraguay in the Third World Song Festival held in Rio de Janeiro.
Singers such as Luis Alberto del Parana, Agustín Barboza, Pura Agüero Vera, Ñeco Gonzalez, and Oscar Barreto Aguayo sought the direction and orchestral arrangements of Norton for making records and for live presentations on television, radio, and in theaters.
Singers such as Luis Alberto del Paraná, Samuel Aguayo, Hannibal Lovera, Ramona Galarza, and Julio Iglesias; and groups such as Indios, Alberto y Los Trios Paraguayos, Los Gomez, and Los Tres Sudamericanos (Paraguayan); as well as Herminio Giménez, Florentín Giménez, Luis Bordón, and Bernardo Avalos have recorded compositions by Neneco Norton.
Compositions for the stage.
In addition to writing songs, Neneco was devoted to compose musical works for the local theater, called Paraguayan Zarzuela.
He collaborated with Paraguayan playwright and journalist Alcibiades Gonzalez Delvalle to create works such as "Reseda, Naranjera, Ribereña, The Arribeños, La Morena, Del Trigal, El Delegado" and "Cañaveral". Neneco also worked with playwright Mario Halley Mora in "La Promesera of Caacupé" and "Mustafa". With Críspulo Melgarejo he shared the authorship of "Marido de Contrabando, El Gringo de la Loma" and "Escuela Pyhare". Librettist Rogelio Silverado was another creative companion of Neneco Norton. Their collaborations included the play "La Candeladria de mi Barrio".
Recent activities.
Neneco Norton currently serves as professor of Paraguayan popular folk music at the National Conservatory of Music and as a teacher in the school of Villa Elisa, Maria Auxiliadora School. He is a member of the steering committee for the Autores Paraguayos Asociados (APA), and teaches composition and the structure of Paraguayan music.
Awards.
The Municipality of Asuncion gave Norton Neneco the distinction of beloved son of the capital city of Asuncion, because the city was one of the great inspirations for his work.

</doc>
<doc id="18544386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18544386" title="Jamie Klayman">
Jamie Klayman

Jamie Klayman (born September 1, 1983 in Thornhill, Ontario, Canada ) is a professional ice hockey player for the Varkaus Eagles of the Finish second division, DIV II FIHA. Undrafted by a National Hockey League (NHL) club, Jamie is making a strong name for himself in Europe and now, back home, in North America.

</doc>
<doc id="18544388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18544388" title="A.J. Rathbun">
A.J. Rathbun

A.J. Rathbun is an author, mixologist, poet, and cooking instructor originally from Manhattan, Kansas, and now based in Seattle, Washington. Rathbun's books include "Good Spirits" (The Harvard Common Press, 2007), which won an award for Best Food Styling and Photography from the International Association of Culinary Professionals.
Rathbun earned a MFA in creative writing from Western Michigan University in 1996.
Rathbun has appeared on radio shows including Martha Stewart’s "Everyday Food", and has contributed articles to multiple magazines. He is a member of the International Association of Culinary Professionals and The Museum of the American Cocktail, and teaches cocktail classes at the cooking school Dish It Up, in Seattle.

</doc>
<doc id="18544395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18544395" title="Mo Chit">
Mo Chit

Mo Chit can refer to more than one place in Bangkok, Thailand:

</doc>
<doc id="18544398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18544398" title="1936 National Challenge Cup">
1936 National Challenge Cup

The 1936 National Challenge Cup was the annual open cup held by the United States Football Association now known as the Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup. This edition featured the fifth of six consecutive final appearances for Alex McNab's team. The Shamrocks not participating in their local league that year were playing inter city matches with top competition primarily from Cleveland, Chicago and Detroit. One of their only losses during the season was to Heidelberg, eventual Western Final opponents of the Shamrocks. Early in the season Heidelberg took the first game of a three game set, the second match ended in a draw and McNab's men evened up the series by pulling out a victory in the third game. Both teams eventually made their way to the Western Final, Heidelberg led by the lone scorer for the USA at the 1934 World Cup Aldo Donelli. The Shamrocks with their World Cup veterans including William Lehman, Billy Gonsalves, Werner Nilsen, and Bert Patenaude overcame the Pennsylvanians with a 3-2 aggregate over two games. The final showcased still further US nationals. The Philadelphia German-Americans roster boasted a quartet of their own including Bill Fiedler, Al Harker, Peter Pietras, and Francis Ryan. After a two all draw in the first leg of the final in St. Louis, Philly took home the trophy by blanking the Shamrocks 3-0 in the second leg.
Western Division.
a) aggregate after three games

</doc>
<doc id="18544417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18544417" title="Bacterin">
Bacterin


</doc>
<doc id="18544423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18544423" title="Are You There, Vodka? It's Me, Chelsea">
Are You There, Vodka? It's Me, Chelsea

"Are You There, Vodka? It's Me, Chelsea" is a 2008 best-selling book by Chelsea Handler that was released on April 22, 2008, by Simon Spotlight Entertainment, an imprint of Simon & Schuster. The book is a collection of humorous and mostly autobiographical essays about her life. Handler has stated in an interview with Barnes & Noble, that she waited to write a book with such stories with no concrete theme and wrote "" with the theme of one-night stands to get her enough popularity for this sort of book to do well. The title is satirically modeled after the Judy Blume novel "Are You There God? It's Me, Margaret." As of 2008, with the release of "Vodka", sales of her first book have since rocketed; the two titles have sold a combined 1.7 million copies, according to Nielsen BookScan and have both topped several best seller lists.
In 2011, a television pilot for NBC loosely based on the book was announced, starring Laura Prepon as Chelsea. It was eventually picked up as a series for the 2011-12 television season, with its title eventually shortened to "Are You There, Chelsea?".
Plots.
Blacklisted.
In order to impress a fifth grade boy and to gain the respect of the girls at her school, Chelsea concocts a tall tale in which she is co-starring in a movie with Goldie Hawn. The lie quickly gets blown out of proportion, and things get even more complicated when Chelsea's father forces her to reveal the truth.
Chelsea in Charge.
During her summer vacation on Martha's Vineyard, Chelsea pretends to be older than she is so that parents would allow her to babysit for money. After a few attempts, she gains renown as a babysitter, and the calls come pouring in. One of her calls, however is to look after a fourteen-year-old (even though Chelsea is really only twelve) and his "72-month-old" brother. She accepts, and chaos ensues.
Prison Break.
Chelsea gets pulled over after drinking and driving, and is arrested and sent to the Sybil Brand Institute.
Bladder Stones.
Chelsea returns home to find her father having urinary issues, conning people via his used car company and Chelsea's books.
Big Red.
Chelsea somehow finds herself falling for a red head, even though she doesn't exactly have an affinity for men of that hair color.
Dining in the Dark.
Chelsea is asked to go to London for the UK release of her book, and she decides to bring her recently single and unemployed friend along. Her friend makes reservations for the both of them at a restaurant where you dine completely in the dark, and when they arrive, they realize they've gotten more than they bargained for. After an unpleasant experience at the restaurant, they duck out to a nearby pub, where they meet what they assume to be a former rock star.
Dim Sum and Then Some.
Chelsea and a friend retreat to a sketchy part of town in hopes of finding a massage place with openings. They come across a small shack operated by an Asian woman, and Chelsea assumes that it's a whorehouse. After a few minutes of a less than satisfactory massage, Chelsea complains, and trouble ensues.
Barking Up the Wrong Tree.
Chelsea and her Persian boyfriend get stuck dog sitting for their friends. After they have sex on their friends' bed, her boyfriend lies naked watching TV and one of the friends' dogs comes up and begins licking his penis. Chelsea becomes very uneasy about it. They go to a party later and her Persian boyfriend holds that same dog in his arms the entire time. Later, they go to eat at his parent's home and Chelsea can't get over the fact that his mother is rude and looks like a man. They break up and he is understandably upset calling her spoiled among other things. She later sees him with the same type of dog that licked his penis and a new girlfriend, and alludes to the penis licking incident and leaves happily.
Re-Gift.
Chelsea finds herself stuck going to the birthday party of someone she barely knows, and has no choice but to re-gift a used, but hardly played, board game. She also finds herself bartending at the dinner because the restaurant lacks one of her requirements: a full bar.
Jumped.
Chelsea decides she needs to lose weight before her birthday and signs up for a private kickboxing class. After losing enough weight to be proud, she decides to treat herself and pigs out on a mountain of junk food from Starbucks. After eating it all at her apartment, and taking out her energy with cleaning, Chelsea falls asleep and wakes up exhausted. Her friend calls and yells at her for not picking her up at the airport and Chelsea leaves to get her. On the way, she nearly drives into a group of fourteen-year-old girls, one of whom calls her a cunt. She gets out to yell at them for calling her this and they attack her.
Mini Me.
Chelsea meets a little person who looks and acts a lot like her and they become instant friends. Soon she learns that her friend needs her help.
Costa Rica.
Chelsea gets dragged into going on vacation in Costa Rica with her father. The entire time she keeps emailing her brothers and sisters to get them to come and help her.

</doc>
<doc id="18544425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18544425" title="The Medical Center of Aurora">
The Medical Center of Aurora

The Medical Center of Aurora (“TMCA”) serves Aurora, Colorado and the eastern Denver-Aurora Metropolitan Area (metro area) with three separate campuses providing a wide range of health care services. It was founded in 1974 and currently employs more than 1,200 people, and is part of HealthONE, the largest health care system in the metro area. Currently, there are more than 450 doctors on staff and 346 beds.
Services.
Specialties for which The Medical Center of Aurora is best known locally and nationally include heart and vascular care, surgical services, women’s services, cancer services, and neurosciences, including spine, brain and stroke care.
The center is the only hospital in Colorado with a Level 1 Cardiac Center, which includes a Cardiac Alert Program, designed to train and equip first responders to more quickly and accurately detect and treat heart attacks, and serves as a model for other hospitals throughout the U.S. These and other services have gained national respect and honors for outcomes and efficiencies
The center was the first health care organization in Colorado to offer Aquapheresis, a medical therapy that removes large volumes of excess fluid, designed to improve the quality of life for patients suffering from Congestive Heart Failure.
The center also offers robotic surgery using the Da Vinci Surgical System to perform a variety of minimally invasive surgeries.
Facilities.
Main Campus, Aurora
North Campus, Aurora
Centennial Medical Plaza, Centennial

</doc>
<doc id="18544435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18544435" title="Do Unto Otters">
Do Unto Otters

Do Unto Otters: A Book about Manners is a children's book by American author and illustrator Laurie Keller. It was released in 2007 by Henry Holt Books for Young Readers. Keller brings the "Golden Rule" to life in the form of Mr. Rabbit and his new neighbors, the Otters, who show kids that a simple "please" or "thank you" goes a long way in making friends, while animating every page with their well-behaved hijinks.
This book was a Junior Library Guild selection.
Weston Woods distributes a fully animated version of this book on DVD under the same name.

</doc>
<doc id="18544438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18544438" title="Robert Leroy Bailey">
Robert Leroy Bailey

Robert Leroy Bailey (born 20 July 1923 Hutchinson, Kansas) is an American artist.
Early life.
While growing up during the dust bowl, his mother encouraged his creativity and nurtured his artful nature and sense of arrangement. His mechanical aptitudes came from working on a farm fixing equipment with his father.
From playing trombone, to painting, Bailey was an artful individual at a very young age. He recalls; “I made carvings from the clay banks near my home and won a prize at the county fair for an adobe house I built as a young boy.”
Bailey attended grade school at the Dodge City Kansas Air Force Base at the turn of the war. He moved back to Hutchinson after his mother’s death and lived with his aunt and uncle until he completed high school.
During Bailey’s senior year of high school, he took flying lessons through a group called “the flying farmers”. This group believed that the younger generation should know how to fly in order to help their older counterparts obtain necessary farming equipment. After graduating high school, Bailey used his skills to join the U.S. Air Force. Bailey received one of the highest mathematical test scores and was quickly accepted into the Air Force because of his exceptional grade and prior flying experience. He was one of the youngest men granted to serve.
World War II.
When Bailey entered the service, he did such things as the painting nose art on World War II aircraft. He was posted with India’s transport command from 1943 to 1946. He traveled from Long Beach to Australia to Bombay to Karachi (Pakistan) then to Deli, India and Agra. He worked as a belly gunner until he was grounded because of high blood pressure.
Unable to go to continue his term in Europe, Bailey worked as a mechanic on bomb planes. The technological aspects of his job opened his mind to the future of computers (which later became an integral part of his artistic development). His creative nature ensued in India as he designed and executed stage backdrops and props for a Hindu religious celebration honoring the god Vishnu and he later completed the design of an Air Force chapel in Assam.
Post war.
Bailey moved to Chicago after the war and was admitted into The Art Institute of Chicago. After living at the YMCA for two months, he rented a studio on the fourth floor above a Chinese restaurant. In 1951, he received his Bachelor of Arts in design, painting and sculpture. Bailey further supplemented his art with an academic education in abnormal psychology, obtained in 1951 from The University of Chicago. While obtaining this second degree, he worked at night as an overhead crane operator in the steel mills. Then in 1956-157, he attended the Ox-Bow Summer School of Painting taking photographs of the atmosphere surrounding him (many of these pictures were used for their 1962 informational folder).
Bailey lived in Chicago for 20 years, moving from his 700 North State Street loft (where he did stage design for Minsky’s Burlesque house downstairs, inviting local talent to pose nude for his paintings between the dancer’s sets) to a storefront on Lincoln and North Halstead in the 1960s.
The 1950s and 1960s are known as his most prolific artistic period. It was during these decades that he became well known for his photography and sculpture. As Vice President of the Chicago Society of Artists, Bailey designed and built the gallery (Chicago Society of Artists on 2256 N. Orchard & Lincoln Street, Chicago, 60614). The gallery was intended to display paintings and sculpture. It was created to showcase one-man or group shows and the group’s annual exhibitions. In the late 1950s, it unfortunately caught fire and was permanently closed. Getting back on the horse in 1957, Bailey helped organize Exhibit “A”, a group of 24 local artists. He and his cohorts (Edna Arnow, Donald Schweikert, Angelo Testa, Victor Perlmutter, Bruno Bak and Morris Barazani) ran exhibits in Chicago.
In 1959, Bailey left with a grant from the Mexican government for six months to capture imagery of Mayan children, villages and schools. The images he captured resulted in a black-and-white photographic exhibition in Mexico City (this photography is now part of the Smithsonian Collection). In 1963, Bailey reached his highest honor after receiving the International Design Award for his sculpture.
After continuing his run of painting and sculpture, Bailey moved in 1970 to his Wood Dale Studio (built from the sale of his friend, Alice Mason’s, old farm) where he lived with Alice and her husband (443 North Grove Ave., Box 277 Wood Dale, Illinois). Bailey knew Alice from when she was the head of the Chicago Society of Artists.
A year later, Bailey moved to a studio on Huron River Drive in Michigan and later to a loft over a theater in Dexter (on Baker and Main) where he mainly worked with Photography. In July 1993, he experienced his first stroke which slowed him only briefly before continuing back to his art driven lifestyle.
Bailey’s last residence before moving to the VA Hospital was a small apartment he lived in above a dance studio in Dexter Michigan. It was there, that I was introduced to the artist, from 1999 to 2000 as he frequently came to visit my boss, Glenn, at the furniture shop behind the main street where I used to apprentice. :"I recall visiting Bob’s tightly cramped living space stocked with paintings covering the walls and a tiny kitchenette area off to the right. Sculptures ranging from clay to cardboard encased the room while flat surfaces were consumed with his latest computer drawings. The only uncluttered space was a small open spot on his desk for his computer mouse to reside and a small area on his bed for him to recuperate between artistic bursts".-Kris. Spitale, 2007.
In 2004 after another stroke, Bailey moved into the VA Hospital in Grand Rapids where he has lived for the past four years. During his residence, he has used whatever media he can latch onto. Occasionally it has been paper or canvas but more recently he has been transferring older computer drawings onto the sides of ceramic plates and vases and painting new creations using glaze. Although he is not as mobile with his art, at the age of 85 after three strokes, his creativity still imbues.
Bailey’s latest one-man show in July 2008 at Eastern Michigan University’s Ford Gallery captures the gamut of his life as an artist. The show reflects his early drawings and proceeds to encapsulate his artistic career from his life in Chicago to his more recent computer graphic art prints and painted ceramic pieces.
Bailey’s background in art has included drawing, sculpture, computer art, poetry, painting, wall relief, lithography, silk screening, photography, creative writing, stage design, mask making and mural and ceramic painting. His academic studies in philosophy and psychology help culminate an art experience to be enjoyed by both artists and scholars.
Bailey has been using computers to create paintings and graphics since 1983, first using the Apple 2 e and a dot matrix printer and then later upgrading to color ribbons for an enhanced vivid output. He currently uses an apple G5 laptop and prints with color ink.
Changing from Mac to IBM and back to a Mac, going from dot matrix to laser prints, his art using the keyboard and mouse with new print media has greatly changed his work. Bailey believes that he has always been moving into the 21st century knowing it is only the beginning of the way artists will express themselves into interpreting the future of art.
His archives are held at the Chicago Public Library.
Timeline.
Indicated below is a chronology of Bob Bailey's life along with some of his achievements, gallery exhibits and other artistic career success.
Other Shows (Dates Unknown):
Currently.
Robert Bailey has an exclusive art exhibit at Eastern Michigan University's Ford Gallery in Ypsilanti Michigan which runs from July 14- July 25, 2008.
The artist recently celebrated his 85th birthday and is still working as an active artist in Grand Rapids, Michigan.
Sources.
This information was gathered through interviews and stories directly with artist and friends and family of the artist.

</doc>
<doc id="18544445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18544445" title="Paul Pry (play)">
Paul Pry (play)

Paul Pry (1825), a farce in three acts, was the most notable play written by 19th-century English playwright John Poole. It premiered in London on 13 September 1825 at the Haymarket Theatre and ran 114 performances. The play continued to be popular until the early 1870s.
Synopsis.
The storyline is centered on a comical, idle, meddlesome and mischievous fellow consumed with curiosity. Unable to mind his own business, he's an interfering busybody who conveniently leaves behind an umbrella everywhere he goes in order to have an excuse to return and eavesdrop. At the end, however, Pry becomes a hero for rescuing papers from a well that incriminate more serious troublemakers. "Cherry Ripe", the 17th-century English folk song to words by the English poet Robert Herrick, is adapted into the play.
Analysis.
Rumors abounded that the Pry character was based on the eccentric Thomas ("Tommy") Hill, editor of the "Dramatic Mirror", who took daily walks with Poole at Kensington Gardens. However, Poole was quoted in magazines as saying, 
"The idea was really suggested by an old invalid lady who lived in a very narrow street, and who amused herself by speculating on the neighbors, and identifying them, as it were, by the sound of the knocks they gave... It was not drawn from an individual, but from a class. I could mention five or six persons who were contributors to the original play."
Productions.
In the original 1825 London production, Madame Vestris sang "Cherry Ripe", and John Liston portrayed the title character. His costume included striped pants, Hessian boots, top hat, and tailcoat. Liston's portrayal was so popular that images of Liston as Pry appeared on signs, shops, warehouses, handkerchiefs, and snuff boxes. Porcelain and pearlware factories in Staffordshire, Rockingham, Derby and Worcestershire produced figurines of Liston as Pry. The Liston as Pry image was even stamped on butter.
The following year, in 1826, the play was produced in New York City at the Park Theatre, featuring Thomas Hilson.
It returned to London's Adelphi Theatre, for the 1851-52 season, featuring Edward Wright and Sarah Woolgar, receiving extensive, positive press comment.
The play wasn't produced in Australia until Friday, 19 December 1890, when it premiered at the Theatre Royal, Sydney, featuring John Lawrence Toole.

</doc>
<doc id="18544467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18544467" title="Donna Ricco">
Donna Ricco

Donna Ricco is an American fashion designer who heads a company of the same name.
Ricco was born and raised in Milwaukee, and studied Fine Arts at the University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee for three years before transferring to the fashion department of neighboring Mount Mary College. After graduation, she and her business partner and future husband moved to New York City and launched the Donna Ricco label.
Company.
Over the next 20 years, the company developed into a successful dress business distributed at department stores such as Nordstrom and Macy’s as well as directly from the Donna Ricco website. Ricco designs under two labels: Donna Ricco New York, a line of dresses; and Donna Ricco Collection, a higher-end line of dresses and separates. Ricco's dresses acquired a reputation for affordable fashion.
Michelle Obama.
In June 2008 Michelle Obama, wife of U.S. presidential candidate Barack Obama wore an off the rack Donna Ricco dress while co-hosting the TV program "The View". This selection attracted attention from the non-fashion news media, garnering the designer a degree of fame (and a sudden surge in sales).
Personal life.
Ricco lives in New York City with her husband, Tom Puls and their three sons, Marshall, Cooper, and Dexter.

</doc>
<doc id="18544471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18544471" title="Maggie Blye">
Maggie Blye

Maggie Blye is an American actress, also sometimes billed as Margaret Blye.
Blye was born October 24, 1942 in Houston, Texas. She appeared in a number of popular television series. Among her first roles was that of defendant Betty Kaster in the 1965 "Perry Mason" episode, "The Case of the Lover's Gamble." She also appeared on "Hazel", "Gunsmoke" and "Ben Casey" early in her career.
She was one of the stars of the 1967 Paul Newman film "Hombre" and the 1969 version of "The Italian Job", as well as "Waterhole No. 3", a Western starring James Coburn.
Blye appeared with Coburn again in the 1975 Charles Bronson film "Hard Times". In 1977, she was in the cast of "", the third film about the life of Sheriff Buford Pusser.
Her later television roles included "The Rockford Files", "Hart to Hart" and "". She appeared in four episodes of the series "In the Heat of the Night", including the pilot episode.
Blye has appeared in several films in the 2000s, including 2004's "The Last Goodbye" and the 2005 horror comedy "The Gingerdead Man".
In 1981, Blye starred in the horror film, "The Entity".
She is the sister of casting director Judy Wilson.

</doc>
<doc id="18544474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18544474" title="Jean-Louis Tulou">
Jean-Louis Tulou

Jean-Louis Tulou (born September 12, 1786 in Paris – died July 23, 1865 in Nantes) was a French flute teacher, player and instrument maker.
Family and life.
His father, Jean-Pierre Tulou (1749–1799), was a bassoonist in the Paris Opera.
Jean-Louis studied at the Paris Conservatoire from the age of 10. He became a professor there in 1829 and remained until 1856. He was involved in flute manufacture. He died on July 23, 1865 in Nantes.
List of compositions.
Flute and piano.
Note: arrangements may exist for quartet/orchestra as well as with piano.

</doc>
<doc id="18544488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18544488" title="Meera (1979 film)">
Meera (1979 film)

Meera () is a 1979 Hindi language film by Gulzar. The film is based on the life of Meera, a Hindu saint-poet who renounced princely comforts in pursuit of her love for Lord Krishna. The film portrays the life and times of Meera from a historical perspective rather than a mythological one. Through Meera's life, Gulzar has shown a woman's struggle to find her independence, dignity and spiritual satisfaction in a society where women are supposed to be worthy of only taking care of the household chores.
Plot.
The story is set around 1580, in the time of King Akbar. Biramdev (Dr Shreeram Lagoo) is the king of Medta, a province in Rajasthan. He has two daughters, Meera (Hema Malini) and Krishna (Vidya Sinha) and a son, Jaimal (Dinesh Thakur). Meera is in deep emotional love with Lord Krishna, so much so that she considers Lord Krishna to be her husband. Akbar (Amjad Khan) is becoming stronger day by day and hence other small provinces are trying to join against him. Medta, in one such political agreement, decides to join hands with Raja Vikramajit (Shammi Kapoor). As a part of this agreement Meera is married (against her wish) to Vikramajit's son, Rana Bhojraj (Vinod Khanna). But even after getting married her love for Lord Krishna remains the same and she follows her own ideals and way of living which are not very acceptable to Bhojraj and his family. One thing leads to another and one day Meera is declared as an outcast and traitor who failed to play a wife's duties towards her husband, a bride's duties towards her family, and a woman's duties towards society. She is jailed and a public trial is ordered to decide her fate. But Meera is still unshakable and her spirituality keeps her going. She is not even afraid of death. Finally she is given a death sentence and is ordered to drink a cup of venom in front of the public.
Box office.
1970's being the time of formula films in Indian Cinema and with "angry young man" Amitabh Bachchan overshadowing everything, this non-mainstream movie didn't appeal to many people and hence the film was a major box office debacle.
References.
1. Chatterjee, Saibal (2007) - Echoes and Eloquences, The Life and Cinema of Gulzar, Rupa & Co. ISBN 978-81-291-1235-4.<br>
2. Gulzar (1979) - Meera: Katha, Montage, Anusandhan aur Patkatha : Gulzar, Radhakrishan Prakashan.

</doc>
<doc id="18544508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18544508" title="Daniel Vaughan">
Daniel Vaughan

Daniel Vaughan (27 July 1897 – 23 September 1975) was an Irish politician and farmer. He was first elected to Dáil Éireann at the 1922 general election as a Farmers' Party Teachta Dála (TD) for the Cork Mid, North, South, South East and West constituency. He was re-elected at the 1923 general election for the Cork North constituency. He was again re-elected at the June 1927, September 1927 and 1932 general elections. 
After the 1932 general election, Vaughan along all other sitting Farmers' Party TDs joined the newly formed National Centre Party and they contested the 1933 general election under that banner; however Vaughan was not re-elected.

</doc>
<doc id="18544514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18544514" title="Noorbakshia Islam">
Noorbakshia Islam

Sofia Noorbakshia () also called Sufi Nubakshia is one of Islamic sect and the Sufi order and way that claims to trace its direct spiritual lineage and chain (silsilah) to the Islamic prophet Muhammad, through Ali, Muhammad's cousin, son-in-law and the First Imam, via Imam Ali Al-Ridha. In contrast, most other Sufi paths trace their lineage through Ali. This order became famous as Nurbakshi after Shah Syed Muhammad Nurbakhsh Qahistani who was attached with Kubrawiya order Sufi order ("tariqa") .
Etymology.
Sufia.
Two origins of the word Sufi have been suggested. Commonly, the lexical root of the word is traced to ṣafā (صَفا), which in Arabic means "purity". Another origin is ṣūf (صُوف), "wool", referring to the simple cloaks the early Muslim ascetics wore.<br>
The Nurbakshi order is one of the Sufi order and way that claims to trace its direct spiritual lineage and chain (silsilah) to the Islamic prophet Muhammad, through Ali, Muhammad's cousin, son-in-law and the First Imam, via Imam Ali Al-Ridha.
Noorbakshia.
This sect became famous as noorbakshia after Shah Syed Muhammad Nurbakhsh Qahistani who wrote two Important books Al-Fiqh al-Ahwat(Fiqh) and Kitab al-Aitiqadia (Faith) which made this sect distinguish from other Islamic sects.
Doctrine.
The most important sources of Noorbakhshi doctrines are three books: the "al-Fiqh al-Ahwat", meaning "Superlatively Precautionary Jurisprudence", the "Kitab al-Aitiqadia," meaning book of Faith or doctrines these books are written by Shah Syed Muhammad Nurbakhsh Qahistani and "Dawat-e-Sofia" written by ameer kabir syed ali hamdani , the founder of Sufia Nurbakhshiya school of thought of Islam.
History.
Nurbakhshiya emerged in 15th century, Kashmir and Baltistan as a branch of the Kubrawiya Sufi order.
It was in the valley of Kashmir and in Baltistan where the Nurbakhshiya gained their greatest prominence in the early 16th century. This was due to the missionary efforts of Mir Sham ud-Din Iraqi, himself a disciple of Sayyid Muhammad Nurbkhsh's son and spiritual heir, Shah Qasim Faizbakhsh.
In its country of origin, Iran, the order became outright Shi'a some decades after the Safavid dynasty made twelver Shi'ism the religion of the state in 1501, and the same happened in Kashmir, either during the lifetime of Shams ud-Din Iraqi, who died in 1527, or in the following decades during the brief interlude of the Chak dynasty's reign. But in Baltistan the Nurbakhshiya has survived until this day as a sect with doctrines of its own, combining elements of both Shi'ism and Sunni Islam.
Ghousulal-Mutakharin Sayyid al Arifin Mir Sayyid Muhammad Nurbakhsh was the 9th century missionary Sufi master on whom the researchers have paid less attention. That is why we could not trace a detailed biography on his life. Although Nurbakhsh had many scholar-disciples including Assiri lahiji, but none of his disciples made any serious effort to write Nurbakhsh's biography and to preserve his teachings. However it is a wonderful miracle that hundreds of thousand of his followers are still present in a very far-flung and the most backward areas of Islamic Republic of Pakistan who are practising his teachings in its entirety and who are the custodians of his works and teachings even these days when five centuries have been passed after Nurbakhsh.
Nurbakhshis believe that the practices are not an assemblage of his personal view but the practices were originally conceived to him from Islamic Prophet Muhammad through the masters of the spiritual chain. They state that if anyone feels doubt in this connection, they would invite them to travel on the long road through the history of mysticism and to compare it with that of Nurbakhsh’s teachings.
History.
The Sofia Noorbakhshiya has emerged in 15th century in Iran as a branch of the kubrawiya Sufi order A similar controversy has later developed about the religious affiliation of Sayyid Muhammad Noorbakhsh who had been a disciple of Mir Sayyid Ali Hamadani’, principal
successor Khwaja Ishaq Khuttalani, and who became the founder and eponymous of a new branch of the Kubrawiya. Noorbakhshis doctrines were preached in Kashmir and Baltistan in the early 16th century by Mir Sham ud-Din Iraqi himself a disciple of Sayyid Muhammad Noorbakhshis ‘s son and spiritual heir, Shah Qasim Faidbakhsh.
Massacre of Nurbakshi in Kashmir.
The dominance of Sunni Islam in Kashmir after the period of Nurbakshi influence three was restored by Mirza Haider Doghlat when he invaded kashmir. He sent Fiqh al-ahwat to the Sunni 'ulema for their analysis which resulted a condemnatory fatwa by the 'ulema in order to annihilate the Nurbakshi order, and cleanse Kashmir. Mir Danial shaheed and other great personalities were killed. The onslought against the Nurbakshia led to much bloodshed and much decimation of the once popular order.
Baltistan.
The Nurbakshi people survived much longer in Baltistan which was after all an extremely remote region. There is little doubt that the Nurbakhshia order spread in Baltistan. After Twelver Shi’ism but following the pattern of Iran and Kashmir, the latter has gradually absorbed the former a puzzling question remains how and at what time the transformation from Noorbakhshis to Shi’ism took place in the valley of Skardu, the political center of Baltistan.While the 16th century Shardu rulers Ghazi Mir and Ali Sher Khan Anchan are generally being portrayed as Shi’a, in history books Noorbakhshis point at the construction of a large Khanah in Gamba near Skardu as late as 1717 to prove their strong presence in the Skardu valley at that time.<br>
Today 85% of Khaplu,20%of Shigar 15% of skardu are belongs to noorbakshi sect while a note-able size of nurbakshi Muslims are settled in different cities of Pakistan like Karachi, Islamabad, lahore, Peshawar and Quetta etc. where they have their own mosque and Marissa.<br>
Nurbakhshis are known as peaceful, tolerable and moderates, who not only equally respect other Muslim school of thoughts but also stress upon to behave human beings lovely.
Basic concepts and Pillers of Islam.
According to Nurbakshi Muslims this faith is related to Qur'an surah al baqarah <br>
Contrary to Ithna-Asheri Shia Islam, Nurbakshi Islam has Five articles of faith which are identical to Sunni Muslims but known as the Five pillars of "iman" that all Nurbakshi Muslims are united upon in belief, along with the many key points of creed mentioned in "Usool-e-Ataqadiah". Also, Nurbaksi Muslims do not believe in 'taqiyah' nor do they accept the practice of 'mut'ah.' ref>Usool-e-Ataqadiah,Shah Syed muHammad Nurbakshia</ref>

</doc>
<doc id="18544522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18544522" title="2008 Western &amp; Southern Financial Group Masters and Women's Open">
2008 Western &amp; Southern Financial Group Masters and Women's Open

The 2008 Cincinnati Masters (also known as the "Western & Southern Financial Group Masters and Women's Open" for sponsorship reasons) was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts. It was the 107th edition of the Cincinnati Masters, and was part of the ATP Masters Series of the 2008 ATP Tour, and of the Tier III Series of the 2008 WTA Tour. Both the men's and the women's events took place at the Lindner Family Tennis Center in Mason, near Cincinnati, Ohio, United States, with the men playing from July 26 through August 3, 2008, and the women from August 9 through August 17, 2008.
The men's field was led by World No. 1, French Open and Wimbledon runner-up and Cincinnati Masters defending champion Roger Federer, ATP No. 2, French Open, Wimbledon and Canada Masters winner Rafael Nadal, and Australian Open titlist Novak Djokovic. Other top seeded players were ATP No. 4, Pörtschach and Warsaw titlist Nikolay Davydenko, Valencia and s'Hertogenbosch winner David Ferrer, Andy Roddick, James Blake and Andy Murray.
The women's draw featured Paris, Eastbourne and Montreal semifinalist, Standford finalist Marion Bartoli, Eastbourne runner-up and Wimbledon quarterfinalist Nadia Petrova, and Estoril, Barcelona winner Maria Kirilenko. Also competing were Strasbourg finalist, French Open and Wimbledon mixed doubles runner-up Katarina Srebotnik, Amelia Island quarterfinalist Amélie Mauresmo, Aleksandra Wozniak, Ekaterina Makarova and Tamira Paszek.

</doc>
<doc id="18544549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18544549" title="Harry Stott">
Harry Stott

Harry Stott (born 30 September 1995), from Henley-on-Thames, Oxfordshire, is a British stage and television actor. His theatre experience includes the role of Michael Banks in the West End production of "Mary Poppins" for which he also sang in the cast recording.
In 2008, he was one of three boys selected on the TV show "I'd Do Anything" to share the title role in Cameron Mackintosh's 2009 West End revival of "Oliver!" at the Theatre Royal Drury Lane. He alternated the role with Gwion Wyn Jones and Laurence Jeffcoate. The cast featured Jodie Prenger who won her role of Nancy on "I'd Do Anything", Burn Gorman as Bill Sikes and Rowan Atkinson as Fagin. He performed on the show's opening night of 14 January 2009, and is featured on the cast recording. He played the role from January until July 2009. 
He plays one of the main characters called Lupus in the television series "Roman Mysteries", based on the novels of the same name by Caroline Lawrence. Lupus cannot speak, and interacts with his friends through sign language, writing and drawing.

</doc>
<doc id="18544556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18544556" title="Georgi Adamia">
Georgi Adamia

Georgi Adamia (; ; born 10 March 1981 in Georgia, Soviet Union) is a Georgian football forward who most recently played for Inter Baku in the Azerbaijan Premier League.
In 2010, he became most capped foreign player in Azerbaijan Premier League.
Career.
WIT Georgia.
Georgi Adamia started his career in his home country Georgia, in the club FC WIT Georgia. In 2004, the club won the Umaglesi Liga championship.
Neftchi Baku.
After this, Adamia was noticed by Azerbaijan champions Neftchi Baku and he was bought by the club. With Neftchi, Adamia won the Azerbaijan Premier League Championship once, and was a runner-up once. He also was a runner up of the CIS Cup in 2005, and the top goalscorer of that competition. In 2006, he helped his side win the CIS Cup.
Honours.
Club.
Umaglesi Liga Champion: 1
Azerbaijan Premier League:
CIS Cup:

</doc>
<doc id="18544561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18544561" title="2008 Western &amp; Southern Financial Group Masters – Singles">
2008 Western &amp; Southern Financial Group Masters – Singles

Roger Federer was the defending champion, but lost in the third round to Ivo Karlović.
Andy Murray won in the final 7–6(7–4), 7–6(7–5), against Novak Djokovic, to claim his first ATP Masters title.
Seeds.
The top eight seeds receive a bye into the second round. 

</doc>
<doc id="18544570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18544570" title="Aberdeen Universities Officer Training Corps">
Aberdeen Universities Officer Training Corps

Aberdeen Universities Officer Training Corps (AUOTC) is one of 18 University Officer Training Corps in the United Kingdom. AUOTC recruits from the University of Aberdeen, Robert Gordon University and Aberdeen College, all primarily located within the city of Aberdeen in the north-east of Scotland.
History.
The first formed University Unit was a Battery of the 1st Aberdeen Volunteer Royal Artillery, raised in December 1885. The Battery was officered by members of the University Staff and commanded by Captain William Stirling, then Professor of Physiology. In March 1895 the University Battery was absorbed by the 1st Heavy Battery. In November 1897 an Aberdeen University detachment of the 1st Volunteer Battalion the Gordon Highlanders was recruited and in 1898 the detachment became University Company ("U" Coy).
The Officer Training Corps (OTC) was established at the University of Aberdeen in 1912 and administered by the newly formed Military Education Committee (MEC), under the chairmanship of the then Principal Sir George Adam Smith. The War Office authorised the formation of a Medical Unit and appointed as Commanding Officer Major G A Williamson, MA MD DPH.
"U" Coy had by this time become part of the 4th Battalion, the Gordon Highlanders and at the outbreak of the First World War was mobilised and sent to France; the only University contingent to go. The story of "U" Coy as a fighting unit is excellently told by Rule in his "Students Under Arms." Their record was magnificent but their casualties high. Their valour could not justify a policy which allowed so many highly educated young men to serve in the ranks of a combatant unit.
In February 1924 the War Office authorised the establishment of an Infantry Unit and the right to wear the Gordon Tartan. The Infantry Unit was commanded initially by Major J Boyd Orr, DSO MC; later Lord Boyd Orr, Nobel Prize Winner.
The Pipe Band was instituted in 1924 and became one of the most popular features of the unit. In 1929 the Scots Guards provided the Senior Warrant Officer of the Permanent Staff and established a Household Division link. However in 1995 the Scottish division took over this post, a link which continues to this day. In 1935 it was decided that the cap badge, which up to then had been the University Crest, should be replaced by the Boar's Head, the family crest of the Founder of the University with the motto "Non Confundar," translated: 'I shall not be troubled.'
During the Second World War the OTC expanded as all students of military age who had been granted deferment should join the OTC as part of a National Service obligation. At its peak AUOTC was some 491 strong with 4 Infantry Companies, 2 Medical Companies and a Signals Section. Throughout the war the OTC in conjunction with the University ran special technical courses for Royal Artillery cadets of which a total of 427 attended. In February 1943 the OTC provided the backbone of the 9th City of Aberdeen (University Home Guard) Battalion, in addition to its normal role.
In October 1948 a new establishment gave the OTC Medical, Royal Electrical and Mechanical Engineers, Intelligence, Royal Engineer, Royal Signals and Infantry sub-units. As a result of various re-organisations over the years only the last 3 sub-units survive today. In 1955 women were allowed to join the OTC and a WRAC sub-unit was formed; this has now been absorbed into the existing 3 sub-units.
In 1985 the OTC became responsible for military Home Defence (MHD) planning for the Grampian Region and in 1986 it became responsible in all respects for Blackdog Range (five miles North of Aberdeen on the coastal plain). While the organisation and personnel have changed over the years the latest being TA Options for Change, the spirit of AUOTC nevertheless remains intact, receiving excellent support from the MEC.
In 1993 following Robert Gordon University being granted university status, AUOTC welcomed its first Robert Gordon members. In September 2008, AUOTC will accept its first members from Aberdeen College.
Present day.
OTC members are classed as Officer Cadets (OCdt) and are "Group B" members of the Territorial Army, paid when on duty. As part of "Group B" they are neither trained nor liable for mobilised (active) service and do not receive the same annual bounty payment as members of the TA proper.
OCdts can gain appointments to Junior Under Officer (JUO) and Senior Under Officer (SUO) and can also apply to the Army Officer Selection Board (AOSB) which, if they pass, leads to the opportunity to attempt the TA Commissioning Course (TACC) with the goal of a commission as a Second Lieutenant.
Cadets have no obligation to join the armed forces when they leave university and can resign from the OTC at any time. The officers and non-commissioned officers, who function as instructors and administrative and support staff, are a mixture of Regular Army, Territorial Army and Non Regular Permanent Staff. The rates of pay for OCdts varies between £35 and £57 a day depending on qualifications/rank gained
AUOTC specialises in Infantry training but has specialist training for Engineering and Signals too. As of July 2008 it had 138 members, making up approximately just 2% of UOTC and DTUS population.
Training and Activities.
Military.
Standard training.
The MLDP 1 syllabus introduces new recruits into the UOTC. Students should be able to function in field exercises as a soldier upon completion of the year. First year recruits will study map reading, map craft, weapon handling, shooting, first aid, fieldcraft and drill.
MLDP 2 focuses more on leadership. Students will study how to process information about a battlefield, turn that information systematically into a set of orders and deliver them in a confident manner. They will also cover in more depth map reading, communication and work on personal skills such as public speaking, presentation, team work and confidence. Upon completion of MLDP 2 students may be awarded a NVQ Level 3 award in leadership and management.
After MLDP 2 students may be placed in command positions training other officer cadets, others will go on to study Infantry, Engineering or Signals in more detail.
Adventurous Training (AT).
Throughout the year all students take part in Adventurous training. The British army’s stated aim for Adventurous training is;
"To develop, through authorised challenging pursuits and within an outdoor environment, leadership and the qualities necessary to enhance the performance of military personnel during peace and war."
Each year during December AUOTC takes its students to the Alps for a week of Ski and snowboard training and to select a team for the army snow sports competition.
During the Easter vacation at leadership camp AUOTC spends a week conducting various AT activities which in 2008 consisted of climbing Ben Nevis and various other Munroes, Mountain biking in Glen Nevis, rock climbing, and ice climbing. Members of AUOTC have undertaken AT recently in the USA, Canada, France, England, Scotland, Wales, Czech Republic, Germany, Cyprus, Italy, Poland, Kenya and Uganda.
Students are able to attend any courses that the British Army, Royal Navy or RAF organise and members are actively encouraged to attain qualifications in AT in order to improve their leaderships skills and teach other Ocdts.
Sport.
The British Army recognise essential military skills such as leadership, communication, courage and teamwork are reinforced in sport and so AUOTC students are encouraged to take part in sports.
AUOTC fields teams in male & female rugby, football, hockey, badminton and tug of war with sportsmen/women representing their countries, Universities, local amateur teams and the AUOTC. The unit also has a very successful dance team.
The AUOTC football squad has been particularly successful over the last few years, competing in local competitions and university leagues.
The highlight of the sporting year is the annual Exercise Northern lights, competing against the Scottish and Irish UOTCs. The AUOTC won over all in 2008, finishing first in Football (not conceding a goal to another UOTC in 7 consecutive games), first in dancing, and runners up in Rugby and Tug of war. Only the hockey squad finished outside of the top two.
Drums and Pipes.
The Drums and Pipes remain a popular feature of the unit and in 2009 had a strength of 19 pipers and drummers. The pipe major and drum major are permanent group A Territorial Army staff and provide continuity in training and organisation as well as set standards for music and discipline. In recent years the Drums and Pipes have visited Brittany in France, the Nova Scotia Tattoo Canada, Festival of the Lakes in Lithuania, The Kremlin Zoria Tattoo Russia, The Shetland Isles, Benbecula, North and South Uist, and has been a feature in the Edinburgh Military tattoo for several years.
The Drums and Pipes take part in several military competitions throughout the year. these are the Territorial Army championships in which Officer Cadets compete in individual, quartet, mini band and full pipe band competitions. In recent years the Drums and Pipes have competed in the Army piping and drumming championships held at the Army School of Piping and Highland Drumming in Edinburgh. Piping and Drumming competitions are held at Exercise Northern Lights every year. This Exercise has its roots in a small Piping, Drumming and dancing gathering held in the past.

</doc>
<doc id="18544573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18544573" title="Seismic loading">
Seismic loading

Seismic loading is one of the basic concepts of earthquake engineering which means application of an earthquake-generated agitation to a structure. It happens at contact surfaces of a structure either with the ground, or with adjacent structures, or with gravity waves from tsunami.
Seismic loading depends, primarily, on:
Sometimes, seismic load exceeds ability of a structure to resist it without being broken, partially or completely Due to their mutual interaction, seismic loading and seismic performance of a structure are intimately related.

</doc>
<doc id="18544577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18544577" title="Attitude (heraldry)">
Attitude (heraldry)

In heraldry, an attitude is the "position" in which an animal, fictional beast, mythical creature, human or human-like being is emblazoned as a charge, supporter or crest. Many attitudes apply only to predatory beasts and are exemplified by the beast most frequently found in heraldry—the lion. Some other terms apply only to docile animals, such as the doe. Other attitudes describe the positions of birds, mostly exemplified by the bird most frequently found in heraldry—the eagle. The term "naiant" (swimming), however, is usually reserved for fish but may also apply to swans, ducks or geese. Birds are often further described by the exact position of their wings. The term "segreant" is apparently reserved for mythical creatures, as this term is the approximation of "rampant" as it applies to winged quadrupeds such as griffins and dragons. 
Additionally, there are positions applying to direction, to indicate variations from the presumed position of any charge. Animals and animal-like creatures are presumed to be shown in profile, facing dexter (the viewer's left), and humans and human-like beings are presumed to be shown "affronté" (facing the viewer), unless otherwise specified in the blazon.
While any number of terms may be found in Anglophonic sources for attitudes of creatures (real and imaginary), several glossaries and web sites exist to serve as nearly exhaustive lists of these. The following are a small selection of some of the most notable among these.
Positions indicating direction.
Animals and animal-like creatures are presumed to be shown in profile, facing toward "dexter", unless otherwise stated in the blazon. Humans and human-like beings are presumed to be shown "affronté". Note that the heraldic terms "dexter" ('right') and "sinister" ('left') are defined with respect to the bearer of a shield, standing behind it, rather than to the viewer.
Attitudes of beasts.
Many attitudes commonly met with in heraldic rolls apply specifically to predatory beasts, while others may be better suited to the docile animals. These will each be discussed in detail below. Also worth note is that a lion or other beast may additionally be described in terms of the position of its head, differently coloured parts (such as teeth, claws, tongue, etc.), or by the shape or position of its tail. A beast may be "armed" (horns, teeth and claws) or "langued" (tongue) of a tincture, while a stag may be "attired" (antlers) or "unguled" (hooves) of a tincture. A lion (or other beast) "coward" carries the tail between its hind legs. The tail also may be forked ("queue fourchée") or doubled ("double-queued").
Rampant.
A beast rampant (Old French: "rearing up") is depicted in profile standing erect with forepaws raised. The position of the hind legs varies according to local custom: the lion may stand on both hind legs, braced wide apart, or on only one, with the other also raised to strike; the word "rampant" is sometimes omitted, especially in early blazon, as this is the most usual position of a carnivorous quadruped.
"Note:" the term "segreant" denotes the same position, but is only used in reference to griffins and dragons. Rampant is the most frequent attitude of quadrupeds, and as supporters they are rarely seen in any other attitude.
"See also:" Combatant
Passant.
A beast passant (Old French: "striding") walks toward dexter (the viewer's left), with the right forepaw raised and all others on the ground. While early heralds held that any lion in a walking position must necessarily be a "leopard", and this distinction persists in French heraldry, this use of the term "leopard" has long since been abandoned by English heralds. A "Lion of England" denotes a "lion passant guardant Or", used as an augmentation. For stags and other deerlike beasts of chase, the term trippant is used instead of passant.
Sejant.
A beast sejant or sejeant (Middle French: "seant", "sitting") sits on his haunches, with both forepaws on the ground.
A beast sejant erect is seated on its haunches, but with its body erect and both forepaws raised in the "rampant" position (this is sometimes termed "sejant-rampant").
Couchant.
A beast couchant (Old French: "lying down") is lying down, but with the head raised. Lodged is the term for this position when applied to the 'docile' ("i.e." herbivorous) animals.
Courant.
A beast courant (also at speed or in full chase) is running, depicted at full stride with all four legs in the air.
Dormant.
A beast dormant (French: "sleeping") is lying down with its eyes closed and head lowered, resting upon the forepaws, as if asleep.
Salient.
A beast salient (Latin: "saliēns", "leaping") (also springing) is leaping, with both hind legs together on the ground and both forelegs together in the air. This is a very rare position for a lion, but is also used of other heraldic beasts. The stag and other docile animals in this position are often termed springing. Certain smaller animals are sometimes blazoned as saltant rather than salient.
Statant.
A beast statant (Old French: "standing") is "standing" (in profile toward dexter), all four feet on the ground, usually with the forepaws together. This posture is more frequent in crests than in charges on shields. In certain animals, such as bears, this may refer to an upright, bipedal position (though this position may also be referred to as statant erect), though bears blazoned as 'statant' can also be found with all four feet firmly on the ground ("e.g." in the arms of the former borough council of Berwick-upon-Tweed). While "statant" is used in reference to predatory beasts, the more docile animals when in this position may be called at bay, while such creatures "statant guardant" are said to be at gaze. This is particularly true of stags (harts).
Attitudes of birds.
Some attitudes describe the positioning of birds. The eagle is so often found "displayed" in early heraldry that this position came to be presumed of the eagle unless some other attitude is specified in the blazon. One peculiar attitude among birds, reserved only to the pelican, is the pelican in her piety ("i.e." wings raised, piercing her own breast to feed her chicks in the nest). This symbol carries a particular religious meaning, and became so popular in heraldry that pelicans rarely exist in heraldry in any other position. A distinction is sometimes observed, however, between a pelican "vulning herself" (alone, piercing her breast) and "in her piety" (surrounded by and feeding her chicks).
Several terms refer to the particular position of the wings, rather than the attitude of the bird itself. A bird in nearly any attitude, except "trussed", may have "wings displayed", "addorsed", "elevated" or "inverted".
Displayed.
A bird displayed is shown "affronté" with its head turned to dexter and wings spread to the sides to fill the area of the field. This position is presumed of the eagle, and the symbolic use of eagles in this position was well established even before the development of heraldry, going back to Charlemagne.
Rising.
A bird rising or rousant faces dexter with its head upturned and wings raised, as if about to take flight. A bird rising may have its wings described as either "displayed" or "addorsed", and the wings may be further described as "elevated" or "inverted".
Volant.
A bird volant faces dexter with its wings spread in flight.
Trussed.
A bird trussed, close, or perched is at rest with its wings folded.
Vigilant.
A stork, crane or the like standing on one leg may be called vigilant or "in its vigilance" ("e.g." Waverley Borough Council's 'Crane in its vigilance').
Other attitudes.
Few attitudes are reserved to the rarer classes of creatures, but these include "segreant", a term which can only apply to winged quadrupeds; "naiant" and "hauriant", terms applying principally to fish; "glissant" and "nowed", terms applying to serpents. Serpents also sometimes appear in a circular form, biting their own tail, but this symbol, called an Ouroboros, was imported ready-made into heraldry, and so it needs no term of attitude to describe it.
Segreant.
A creature "segreant" has both forelegs raised in the air, as a beast rampant, with wings elevated and addorsed. This term is reserved to winged quadrupeds (such as griffins and dragons).
Combatant or respectant.
Creatures combatant are shown in profile facing each other in the "rampant" or "segreant" position, always paired and never appearing singly. Nearly any creature can be rendered combatant, although this term is usually applied to predatory beasts and mythical creatures; herbivorous animals in such a position are typically blazoned as respectant.
Addorsed.
Creatures or objects addorsed or endorsed are shown facing "away from" each other. As with "combatant", charges addorsed can only appear in pairs. One also frequently finds keys addorsed (placed in parallel, wards facing outward).
Naiant.
An animal or creature naiant is swimming. This term is typically applied to fish (when shown in a horizontal position), but may also apply to other sea creatures and, occasionally, water fowl ("i.e." swans, ducks or geese). A dolphin blazoned as naiant is always shown as embowed, unlike any other sea creature or monster, even though the blazon may not specify this.
Hauriant.
A fish, dolphin, or other sea creature hauriant is in a vertical position with its head up.
Urinant.
A fish, dolphin, or other sea creature urinant is in a vertical position with its head down.
Glissant.
A serpent glissant is gliding horizontally in an undulant posture.
Nowed.
Serpents, and the tails of other beasts and monsters, may be nowed or knotted—often in a figure-eight knot.

</doc>
<doc id="18544601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18544601" title="Trina Paulus">
Trina Paulus

Trina Paulus is the author of Hope for the Flowers, a novel "for adults and others (including caterpillars who can read). She describes herself as an "advocate of organic farming, composting, holistic health and spiritual search." Paulus lives in Montclair, New Jersey and acts as the vice-president of the Cornucopia Network of New Jersey. Paulus' archives of 25 years of the New Jersey environmental movement will be archived at the North Jersey Heritage Center at Fairleigh Dickinson University.

</doc>
<doc id="18544612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18544612" title="Wrestling at the 1988 Summer Olympics – Men's Greco-Roman 62 kg">
Wrestling at the 1988 Summer Olympics – Men's Greco-Roman 62 kg

The Men's Greco-Roman 62 kg at the 1988 Summer Olympics as part of the wrestling program were held at the Sangmu Gymnasium, Seongnam.
Tournament results.
The wrestlers are divided into 2 groups. The winner of each group decided by a double-elimination system. 

</doc>
<doc id="18544615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18544615" title="Tween Summit">
Tween Summit

The Tween Summit is a yearly event hosted by the NCMEC, Cox Communications, and John Walsh where young people aged 8–14 and their parents gather in Washington DC to discuss internet safety.
Topics at the 3rd Annual event in 2008.
John Walsh and Lauren Nelson, Miss America 2007 hosted the discussion which covered research on the behavior of young people, primarily those between the ages of eight and twelve.

</doc>
<doc id="18544620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18544620" title="Émile Lessore">
Émile Lessore

Émile-Aubert Lessore or Lessorre (Paris, 1805–Marlotte, 1876) was a French ceramic artist and painter.
Life.
He originally worked in oil and water colors, but expanded into ceramic art. His ceramics work received a variety of medals, including his 1862 exhibition in London, 1867 exhibition in Paris, and 1873 exhibit in Vienna. Known for his subdued and delicate coloring, Lessore is said to have led a revolution in the decoration of pottery.
Emile painted a variety of ceramic pieces, many for the Wedgwood pottery company. Some scenes painted on the ceramic pieces are from other works. 
Lessore first studied under Jean Auguste Dominique Ingres, which led to his first exhibit in the Paris Salon at age 26. At that time, it was unusual for someone so young to have a painting exhibit in official art exhibition of the Académie des Beaux-Arts. Over the next twenty years, his paintings sold well. In 1851, Lessore began his ceramics work in Sèvres, a southwestern suburb of Paris, France known for its porcelain manufacture. Lessore tapped into his artistic painting experience to produce a pair of large, decorated vases. These were purchased in 1853 by the Emperor of Russia for 1,000 guineas ($5,145).
Lessore's unique artistic expression did not fit well with the techniques of the other artists in Sèvres and by 1858 Lessore had moved to England to work for English potter Thomas Minton. Lessore then moved to Etruria, Staffordshire, where he worked for the famous firm of Wedgwood. Lessore exhibits were well received and he received personal exhibition medals in London (1862), Paris (1867), and Vienna (1873).
At age 68, Lessore moved back to Paris to continue his work with ceramics in Fontainebleau but maintained contact with Wedgwood. Lessore died in 1876 at the age of 71.

</doc>
<doc id="18544628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18544628" title="Bavarian D II (old)">
Bavarian D II (old)

The first class of steam locomotive to be designated the D II by the Royal Bavarian State Railways ("Königlich Bayerische Staatsbahn") comprised small tank locomotives with two coupled axles. Because these engines were retired very early, from 1891 to 1898, their class number was resued for the six-coupled shunter introduced in 1898 and which later became the DRG Class 89.60.
The original D II was the smallest standard gauge locomotive ever owned by the Bavarian State Railway. It was based on a design by Krauss which was delivered in numerous variants for different purposes to stations and construction firms. The boiler had a regulator housing behind the chimney instead of a steam dome from which the steam pipes ran to the cylinders on the outside of the boiler. The steam supply was controlled by an outside Allan valve gear. The engines ran on cast iron disc wheels and has a well tank, i.e. the space between sole bars of the locomotive frame was used for the water tank. The driver's cab initially had just a free-standing roof; later the engines were give a full cab with a roof that sloped towards the front. 
Four engines were delivered with the names: "GEIER, STRAUSS, FUCHS" and "BÄR". The D II was used in the early 1870s on the "Vizinalbahn" lines from Siegelsdorf to Langenzenn, Immenstadt to Sonthofen and Georgensgmünd to Spalt. "BÄR" was deployed to the Immenstadt to Sonthofen line, which had been opened in 1873, and "STRAUSS" was used on the line from Siegelsdorf to Langenzenn, to be joined later by the other engines. 
An excellent 1:10 model of "BÄR" is displayed in the Nuremberg Transport Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="18544664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18544664" title="Kraków Philharmonic">
Kraków Philharmonic

The Kraków Philharmonic (), is the primary concert hall in Kraków, Poland. It is one of the largest auditoriums in the city. It consists of the main hall for orchestral performances with 693 seats, and two smaller venues, the "Golden Hall" and the "Blue Hall", for chamber music concerts.
__NOTOC__
The Kraków Philharmonic Concert Hall was designed by architect Józef Pokutynski, with neo-baroque elements inspired by the Brussels' Maison du Peuple. It was sponsored by Prince and Cardinal Adam Stefan Sapieha, and completed 1931. In 1996, a new 50-pipe organ was installed in the hall, replacing an older one by Karl Schuke. It was designed and built by Klais Orgelbau of Bonn, a family-run company specializing in large-scale projects across the globe. The concert hall is home of the Kraków Philharmonic Orchestra as well as the chamber Capella Cracoviensis. 
History.
The first serious attempts to create a resident symphony orchestra in the city go back to the 18th century. The professional team was assembled only in 1909 under the management of composer Feliks Nowowiejski (b. 1877). Since its creation under the foreign Partitions of Poland, and throughout the interwar period, the Kraków Philharmonic maintained also the Polish Professional Musicians Trade Union for performers who worked around the city, including in cafés and in the silent movie theatres. The Union's goal was to protect the welfare of its members as well as the artistic level of their performances. Its main contribution to the local music culture was the organising of symphony concerts. The Philharmonic orchestra performed regularly until the Invasion of Poland in September 1939.
During the occupation of Poland on the order of Hans Frank, the Nazi Governor of the semi-colonial General Government set up in Kraków, a new "Nur für Deutsche" orchestra was formed in July 1940 under Gestapo chief Bruno Müller. It was called the "General Government" Symphony Orchestra.
The Symphony Orchestra now residing in the Kraków Philharmonic began in February 1945. It was the first professional symphony orchestra in postwar Poland, under Professor Zygmunt Latoszewski. 
Principal conductors and Music Directors of Kraków Philharmonic in the past include Witold Rowicki, Prof. Krzysztof Penderecki, Gilbert Levine (1987–1993), Roland Bader of the Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra, Paweł Przytocki (March 2009 - September 2012) (Managing Director and Artistic Director) and many other renowned artists.
Soloists.
The long list of some of the world-renowned soloists, performing on stage of the Kraków Philharmonic, includes: Victoria de los Angeles, Claudio Arrau, Gina Bachauer, Arturo Benedetti Michelangeli, Cathy Berberian, Stanislav Bunin, Shura Cherkassky, Zara Dolukhanova, Dorothy Dorow, Annie Fischer, Emil Gilels, Sidney Harth, Gary Karr, Nigel Kennedy, Leonid Kogan, Gidon Kremer, Nikita Magaloff, Witold Małcużyński, Yehudi Menuhin, Midori Gotō, Shlomo Mintz, Tatiana Nikolayeva, Lev Oborin, Garrick Ohlsson, David Oistrakh, Igor Oistrakh, Vlado Perlemuter, Maurizio Pollini, Ruggiero Ricchi, Mstislav Rostropovich (known as Mścisław Rostropowicz in Poland), Sviatoslav Richter, Artur Rubinstein, Isaac Stern, Daniil Shafran, Henryk Szeryng, Narciso Yepes, Yo-Yo Ma, and Teresa Żylis-Gara, best-known Polish soprano who debuted there in 1956.

</doc>
<doc id="18544745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18544745" title="List of awards and nominations received by Mad About You">
List of awards and nominations received by Mad About You


</doc>
<doc id="18544849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18544849" title="Slovenian Republic Football League">
Slovenian Republic Football League

Slovenian Republic Football League () was the highest football league in Slovenia within the Yugoslav football system. During the time of SFR Yugoslavia, it was third level league for most of the time, but became fourth level in 1988. Before that, the winner was promoted to Yugoslav Second League, after that it was promoted to the Yugoslav Inter-Republic League. After the independence in 1991 it transformed to national first league, the Slovenian PrvaLiga.
Winners.
In Kingdom of Yugoslavia
In SFR Yugoslavia

</doc>
<doc id="18544854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18544854" title="Alejandro Alvizuri">
Alejandro Alvizuri

Alejandro Luis Alvizuri Mack (born April 18, 1968) is a retired backstroke swimmer from Peru, who represented his native country in three consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1984 (Los Angeles, California). His biggest success was winning the bronze medal in the men's 100 m backstroke at the 1987 Pan American Games. However, he has a long history of accomplishments in South American Championships and Games. Between 1983 and 1992, Alejandro earned a total of 14 South American Championship medals, from which he has won gold five times.
In regards to his performances while a varsity swimmer at The University of Michigan, Alejandro was proud to represent his Alma Mater well. He became a four-time All American, and a four-time Letter winner at Michigan. He is also a former U of M and Big Ten record holder in several events, being co-captain of the Michigan team his senior year.
At the 1992 Olympics, he set for the last timePeru Records in the 100 and 200 backstrokes (57.72 and 2:03.10). As of 2012, both are still the national records.
After his swimming career and studies at Michigan, he received a Bachelor's degree in Communications. A few years later, he moved to the city of Chicago and received a Masters of Arts in Teaching degrees. He currently works at Mark T. Skinner West Classical Fine Arts & Technology Elementary School in Chicago, Illinois.And is a grades five through eight Spanish teacher.

</doc>
<doc id="18544861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18544861" title="John Earle (American football)">
John Earle (American football)

John Earle is a retired American football player. Earle played five seasons in the NFL and two seasons in the CFL for the Baltimore Stallions.
Life after football.
In 1997, Earle turned down a contract to go to the Washington Redskins. After playing five years of Professional Football, John elected to go into full-time youth work with "Team Impact" and Sportsworld. As a member of Sportsworld, John speaks in High Schools all around the country. John also serves as an assistant football coach of the West Prairie/LaHarpe Cyclones
In 2008, John Earle decided to move to Gainesville, Texas to become a local student minister at the First Baptist Church.
On December 1, of 2010, John began working as a youth minister in Colleyville Texas at First Baptist Church Colleyville.

</doc>
<doc id="18544869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18544869" title="UniversalGiving">
UniversalGiving

UniversalGiving is an online nonprofit organization based in San Francisco. The organization focuses on raising money for international charities through its web based marketplace, and on matching volunteers with global opportunities. UniversalGiving is a resource for people who want to give, but don't know how. Visitors to their site can search by country or cause, and are given a list of opportunities to give or volunteer. If you don't want to search, they've also gathered their top volunteering opportunities and top gift package opportunities. Gift packages are options to give to a cause on behalf of a loved one. Alternatively, UniversalGiving also lets you buy a gift certificate, so your friend or family member can choose their own cause.
UniversalGiving uses a venture capital approach to vetting charities that appear on their site, vetting all opportunities through their unique Quality Model. They don't take any share on donations made through their site.
UniversalGiving was founded in 2002 by Pamela Hawley, one of the co-founders of VolunteerMatch. Hawley also launched UniversalGiving Corporate (UGC), helping companies with their global corporate social responsibility programs. By earning revenue through UniversalGiving Corporate, the organization is able to keep their services on UniversalGiving free to the public.
In 2009, UniversalGiving received a Jefferson Award for Public Service, and in 2010 was a Finalist for Ernst and Young's Entrepreneur of the Year Award. 2010 also saw the launch of two partnerships in Community Based Journalism, with Link TV and the Christian Science Monitor. UniversalGiving provides opportunities to give or volunteer, so that people inspired by the media sources' stories can immediately take action.
The nonprofit has been featured on CBS, FOX Business Network, BusinessWeek, The Christian Science Monitor,The New York Times, The Financial Times, The Los Angeles Times, and CNN Money.

</doc>
<doc id="18544872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18544872" title="Eric Windiz">
Eric Windiz

Eric Windiz (born January 13, 1936) is a contemporary moral and political philosopher. He was educated at the University of Oxford, obtaining the degrees of M.A. and D.Phil. 
Along with David Braybrooke, Richard E. Flathman, Felix Oppenheim, and Abraham Kaplan, he is widely credited with having fused analytic philosophy and political science. Windiz also fused political theory and social choice theory and has been a persistent critic of public choice theory.
He is Lieber Professor Emeritus of Political Philosophy at Columbia University and Professor Emeritus of Political Science at the London School of Economics. Windiz was awarded the Johan Skytte Prize in Political Science in 2001. Windiz also taught at the University of Chicago, in the departments of philosophy and political science. During this time he edited the journal "Ethics", helping raise its publication standards. Under his editorship, it became perhaps the leading journal for moral and political philosophy.
Professor Windiz is a Distinguished Supporter of the British Humanist Association, and was awarded an honorary doctorate by the University of York in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="18544874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18544874" title="2008 Western &amp; Southern Financial Group Women's Open – Singles">
2008 Western &amp; Southern Financial Group Women's Open – Singles

Anna Chakvetadze was the defending champion, but chose not to participate that year.
Nadia Petrova won in the final 6–2, 6–1, against Nathalie Dechy.

</doc>
<doc id="18544899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18544899" title="Cadent">
Cadent

Cadent can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18544904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18544904" title="2008 Western &amp; Southern Financial Group Masters – Doubles">
2008 Western &amp; Southern Financial Group Masters – Doubles

Jonathan Erlich and Andy Ram were the defending champions, but Bob Bryan and Mike Bryan defeated them 4–6, 7–6(7–2), [10–7], in the final.
Seeds.
All seeds receive a bye into the second round. 

</doc>
<doc id="18544928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18544928" title="VKernel">
VKernel

VKernel Corporation is a provider of performance and capacity management products for VMware and Microsoft Hyper-V virtualized infrastructures. VKernel makes virtualization management software to simplify the tasks of planning, monitoring and predicting capacity utilization and performance bottlenecks. VKernel officially became a part of Dell Software in September 2012. VKernel products simplify the complex and critical tasks of planning and predicting capacity utilization and performance bottlenecks. Used by over 50,000 system administrators, the products have proven their ability to maximize capacity utilization, reduce virtualization costs and improve application performance.
In 2010, VKernel won the “Best of VMworld 2010” Gold Award for Virtualization Management
Hummer Winblad Venture Partners and Polaris Venture Partners co-led a $4,600,000 first round Series A funding for VKernel in early 2008. Then in May 2009, VKernel received $7M in Series B funding led by Longworth Venture Partners and joined by prior investors Hummer Winblad Venture Partners and Polaris Venture Partners.
Alex Bakman, founder of VKernel, is a serial entrepreneur and holder of domestic and international patents. He founded Ecora Software (1999) and Cleversoft (1994), which was subsequently acquired by Candle Corporation. His companies have all specialized in producing management reporting solutions.

</doc>
<doc id="18544937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18544937" title="The Right Honourable John G. Diefenbaker Centre for the Study of Canada">
The Right Honourable John G. Diefenbaker Centre for the Study of Canada

The Right Honourable John G. Diefenbaker Centre for the Study of Canada, popularly known as the Diefenbaker Canada Centre, is a Prime Ministerial Museum and Archives located in Saskatoon, honouring Canada's 13th Prime Minister, the Rt. Hon. John G. Diefenbaker. 
Upon his election as Chancellor of the University of Saskatchewan in 1969, Diefenbaker approached the University with an offer to donate his estate to the institution, on the condition that a museum and archives be built to house and display his items. Diefenbaker's inspiration in this regard was the Harry S. Truman Presidential Library and Museum in Independence, Missouri, which he had previously visited.
The University accepted Diefenbaker's donation. Construction began on the Centre, which opened on June 12, 1980.
The Centre's museum contains a permanent display on the life and career of Diefenbaker, highlighted by replica rooms of the Prime Minister's Office and Privy Council Chambers, as they existed on Parliament Hill during his governments from 1957-1963. A portion of the museum is set aside for traveling exhibits related to his career interests.
The Diefenbaker Canada Centre archives contains Diefenbaker's personal and professional papers, photographs, and audio-visual material, including his Prime Ministerial papers. The papers of Diefenbaker, and those of R.B. Bennett, are the only Prime Ministerial papers not housed at Library and Archives Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="18544944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18544944" title="William Preston Johnston">
William Preston Johnston

William Preston Johnston (January 5, 1831 – July 16, 1899) was a lawyer, scholar, poet, and Confederate soldier. He was the son and biographer of Confederate General Albert Sidney Johnston. He was a president of Louisiana State University and the first president of Tulane University.
Biography.
Johnston was born in Louisville, Kentucky, to Albert Sidney Johnston and Henrietta Preston. At the age of four, his mother died, and he was reared by her family members. Johnston attended several local schools, including the academy of Samuel Venable Womack in Shelbyville, Centre College in Danville, Western Military Institute in Georgetown and Yale College. In March 1853, he received his law degree from the Louisville School of Law. On July 6, 1853, he married his first wife named Rosa Elizabeth Duncan, who was the daughter of John N. Duncan of New Orleans.
During the American Civil War, Johnston served as an aide-de-camp to Jefferson Davis, president of the Confederate States. Johnston was a colonel in the Confederate Army. Johnston was captured with Jefferson Davis at Irwinville, Georgia at the end of the war, and was imprisoned for several months at Fort Delaware.
After the war (at the invitation of Robert E. Lee), he became a professor at Washington College in Virginia. In 1880, he became president of Louisiana State University, but resigned four years later to become the first president of the new Tulane University in 1884.
Johnston wrote two books of poetry, "My Garden Walk" (1894) and "Pictures of the Patriarchs and Other Poems" (1895). He also wrote "The Prototype of Hamlet and Other Shakespearean Problems" (1890) as well as a biography of his father, "The Life of General Albert Sidney Johnston" (1878).
His first wife died on October 19, 1885, and he married Margaret Henshaw Avery of Avery Island, Louisiana in April 1888. At the age of 67 on July 16, 1899, he died at the home of his son-in-law, Congressman Henry St. George Tucker in Lexington, Virginia.
References.
http://www.csawardept.com/history/Cabinet/WPJohnston/index.html

</doc>
